I is ready to goq
RT : Hudson and King..its been a while.
We are BACK.
Woo Hoo!
The office is already planning lunch!
Road trip today!!
Happy Easter everybody!
yup.
I think/hope I'm free now, but thank you for letting me know!
donuts tomorrow?
Well, of course I must make an appearance!
The value of moments, when cast up, is immense, if well employed; if thrown away, their loss is irrevocable.
Lord Chesterfield
Smart house is on:
she was raping the bebe.
A great way to make beervixens love your brewery is to staff it with cute hipster boys.
Good night everyone...
Off to Physical Therapy for my shoulder and then home for dinner with the family
I feel like a princess:'
This doctornk got me hot as shit
Thank you!!
today...
I will layout.
tron was awesome especially the score.
screw all the haters
it's June 2 this year!
DC will always have a special place in my heart tho haha.
How about you?
open at 7 today
Happy Mother's day!
Come and enjoy a glass of bubbles and stawberries, shop and save 20 on our collection.
Baci Boutique 279 Mott.str.NYC
WE ALL WANT LOVE 3
Hi Julie!!!
Thanks so much!
I hope you and the gang are doing well.
:
Swagg in da sky its solar Ice is colder then polar call me a murderer caus i kill des tracks headed to fame nd im not lookin bakk
I guess my feet know where they want me to go, Togo, Trinidad or similar Western Caribbean destination.
He had an iphone for about two months, but it got stolen
thank you for joining at Siren Studios for our spa  beauty social Elenganza!
I wanna buy myself a Chevy caprice box body.
Who got one for sale
Are you hosting a tour in the South Loop this week, ?
Clarity music video
Ghost Walk Noblesville tonite!: RT : Happy Friday!
What are your plans for fun Hamilton Co this wkend?
stores already open wtf where can I cop the 3's at in Richmond, VA?
Listening to the amazing talk about the future of digital learning.
Wow December 1 already.
Where did this whole last year go?
By my count, there are only 3 venues/events in SF using the name Dark Room.
Let's get to work and double that number, folks!
If you have not had the chance visit our website for your free sample..
www.gemcuisine.com open an account and receive our offer.
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew how I talked to my teachers..lol
Also, you've been followed...
not in a creepy way though.
no need to try, when my ex was way more caring than you
Making my brother watch project runway.
But I want to hear the crazy comments from the judges.
goodluck killing them mosquitos with a fork ;
Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
Preparing meals for the whole family can be quite tiring, especially after a long day.
Use the internet to find quick and easy recipes.
j know you get really loads of tweets but I just hope you see mine and click the follow button I would beg you if you will 3u
that is pretty cool.
you don't think they are already working on it?
They don't need an orange geek giving them orders
Lmaoo!
My momma just rolled the window up on my arm while I was tryna go 2 sleep den gon say sum Girl Why is You Screaming?!?!?.
.
Really
My sister sucks at cooking x
Todays agenda: and  Whats on yours this Sunday?
Granary Books Collection Exhibit opens in Thompson Library on Jan 16
Watching the IU and Ohio State game.
This game is so close!!!
They keep going back and forth with the ball.
84 of U.S.
Small Businesses Using Mobile Marketing See Increase in New ...
Sacramento Bee
.: Ask yourself: What are the elements of a collaboration?
What works?
What doesn't?
Evaluate before committing.
I respect that.
Takes major guts to trust Penny to defend your keys.
RT : Looking forward to Foodiechat tonight at 8pm EST special Labor Day Edition!
bottles are super cheap, only been there once and never again.
But if you want regetton, perfect spot.
I hate saying something I don't mean just cause its the right thing
we should totally hang out
keep it locked to Electric Kingdom with and
Thank you :  congratulations!!
:
Ayee..
Are those Tami REAL eyes ?
?
?
glad to hear it!!!
D
Why is spelling Millennium SO FREAKING HARD!??!?!?!
Thanks very much for your play by play on tonight's Tribute show, much appreciated!
Agh that's crazy !
I am glad the is basing their attacks on on the failed 2008 attacks.
Cause it worked so well for them last time.
NO twitter, I will not follow Nicki Minaj.
Just watched the video of Rep.
Giffords stepping down.
Wow.
What an amazing woman.
God Bless You Gabby.
Thank you Teri!
I hope you had a lovely Mother's Day!
I'm sending you something in an Etsy convo.
:
Courtney on The Bachelor is unbelievable.
Wow.
I feel like crap
Im not sayin boycott just don't BUY em as a protest symbol.
If you eat'em,eat them, but don't buy them 2 go to a rally!
Knock 'Em Out Barbershop is where its at...come thru...15th Ave  Thomas or 42nd St  Chandler Blvd.
Only the best haircuts!!!
And I finally get to see u
Are you challenging yourself  producing all you need to do to get where you want to be?
Do you have a mission and stay on target each day?
...then he ate a free cupcake.
why can't I find you on Sirius?
:
just preordered our spring orla kiely 2011 bags and it's not even cold yet...can't wait!
Rick Siskey  Take charge of your life, only you can do it.
everything is good, hit me up whenever u get a chance.
6 miles and some lifting
: Manny thanks for the support!
No prob keep it  your doing great 
Fast frozen is critical for sequencing tumors Topol
of not good for Nc Film industry....
I like blessing people when they sneeze.
whatever that means
Clippers aren't ready yet.
Spurs do this to OKC, I'll be impressed.
No AL Central team has a winning record at home.
And Cleveland is playing .750 on the road...NEED tix for the next Sox series.
RT : With a get better mindset, you focus on improve rather than proving.
Via Karen Halvorson.
actually obsessed with
This is now andoctora and adans birthday banger :
Phil Collins, In The Air Tonight doctorm solo
Wish it was more than 20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi cuz there are a lot but tweeted some that are important to me
I'Ve got a great idea for a new book.
Cassie is gonna be proud,
aight!
Haha.
As soon as I get my car back I got you!
Trying to assemble an Ikea doctorsser is as hard as trying to assemble an Ikea doctorsser.
Trying to.
But still a little in shock!
Some guys just have their way with words
done, mixtape doctorpping late june, i will contact you just after that
me too
Have you checked out the yet?
May 18th  19th and all for a great cause!
Plus, is the sponsor.
In the nati be that way next week i came on here to find you i see you not on The book
Thank you!
It's been fun collaborating on the new website, can't wait to launch
words matter.
I agree.
some of what he is saying is just not what is helpful for teaching or learning.
imo.
yes go to YouTube type in Sor760 my group name is southdub
Hanging with amazing board members and planning exciting stuff for 2012
I came back to the same reason why I wanted to leave..
If you think you got the bomb shit
you go girl welcome back and have a safe flight
It's finally me and you and you and me and us, and your friend Steve StoryOfPepperPotts'Life
lazy man
Thanking God for my 3 Beautiful Childoctorn; Courtnie, Cortez, and Brandon.
Proud to call you mine and happy Im yours!
Green and yellow!
I am a experience remodeler contractor, renovating homes in Texas.
angry black ppl just leave twitter : Angry black men please exit my mentions , lol
yes......the moment of truth is here!
Avoid cliches: unique, celebrate, industry lingo, etc.
They are a waste of space.
Mexican and black jokes are all the same...once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal.
lol
People of SE Wis: Get outside!!!
This Sarah Phillips story reads like a Dateline story.
It's mind blowing really
Mahalo nui loa for all the inspiration 2011 Ironmen and Women...
see you next year!
Oldest male was 81 oldest female was 76.!!!!!
My paper is finally starting to look up now...
I miss you too I'm in school where you at call me
ruined my whole day 
Worst part of the day.
Check out panel now discussing new Google privacy rules:
I've come to the concl'sn I'll live 4ever, bc of the fact I still get 1big pimple every mo  yet to have grey hair.
The latter I rejoice in.
Twitter friends, if you're interested in attending Peter Bogdanovich's event on Sat.
don't have tickets, get yours NOW!
Only a few remain!
My last day as a student will be spent at the State Department for the colloquium.
Dinner with and her family
i love you more than the moon!!
The moon can fuck off!!
Lol
You never know what Uber will do next!
;
we look forward to seeing you soon!
When are you going to do another show with Elmo?
You guys are so hilarious together!
From everything I've heard, that place sounds terrible.
It's not fair to me .
I don't care what you think .
If I'm being mean then I'm being mean .
Hi : Found you through LevelTen does some good design work.
Good place to work.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close was amazing!
It's rare that I write a song with no idioms involved.
I ain't competing with u.
Just letting u know where u stand ; .
Then again, I gone from 130 to 126
so excited!
See ya later!
How we were before  how we are now
how cool tis this i want to 700 a week as so many people are doing with this
iPod on shuffle: no no no no NO no no maybe no no no no no YES!!!
Naval Academy Graduation!
Y couldnt u be like this when we were together.?:/
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful ladies everywhere!!
Treat the ones you care about to something nice...like a Berry Weiss.
so do I : : My boi got 8 years for mortgage fraud smh...I'm gone miss his thievin ass//hope he hid some money
baby butt!
Do you volunteer?
Please write about it  email it to to go on our blog
can I meet you in Arivaca tonight?
I put the Barrington Levy pandora station on at work and heard way too many Sublime songs
Did some girl break your heart and you only feel like you're really you when you cook Calvin?
I've always wondered that too.
If someone pays for me I always feel like I'm in debt to them till I pay them back :/
feel better : go caps!
Bored.
Smoking.
nowplaying three nil
down to twitshit I'm crying omg

It was, wasn't it?
What an amazing group of people.
i don't get why guys with long hair always get it cut SO short..
like i know 23098 guys that have done that..
Dont do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset .
mustache socks  my fav!!
:
The Best Buy Classic is a first class tourney!
Will see this and reply??
I hope 3 :
U  TPain duet on a song  EPIC.
I love that itsh.
Doin us proud 504 girl.
GOD bless  100
Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love,but that doesn't make you love them any less.Sometimes it makes you love them more.
lol you know how I get down
20ThingsAboutMe my initials are always gonna be MKD, even after i get married
Lol RT I'm not calling you an idiot, but I wouldn't be surprised if you have googled how to breathe.
Tweeting their lives away.
Nassib to Lemon for 10 yards.
I will only see Titanic 3D if Kate's boobs hit me in the face :P
Short meeting tonight!
09 McPrice Myers les Galets.
Powerful Syrah.
Big cherry nose.
Thick heavy mouthfeel.
Dark berry, oak, tar, more.
Developing.
93 pts
I don't disagree, but Why is Nats GM involved, can't baby handle his own fight?
haha, yeah I guess so.
Some advise for everybody.
Don't eat while watching Hoarders.
They just found a freezer with 15 year old food.
And showed it.
3 more days and I'm home!...
Fixed!
All I do is kiss you / through the bars of a rhyme'  DirE Straits, as covered by The Killers
doctorving through Atlanta Georgia and we spot a hooker at the corner and a Semi picks her up.
I want to get to Florida already 
Thanks for the follow back, Robert!
Give Chitown my love.
AreYouSerious Three little words: Wrestle.
Rock.
Rumble.
Laser tag bitches
we're literally stalking hot bosnian guys on facebook....
can i get a follow back pleasee?
: 33
have to say loving matt smith, enjoy all of them in different ways
Just thought I'd take a minute here on the ol' Tweetbox to mention that I've never worn boat shoes not once never ok carry on
I think everyone should live in New York at some point in their life.
getting for some great baseballthis week, Go Sox!
Interesting presentations on how to make Foundations more effective and stay in compliance at Sports Philanthropy Summit
be thankful
ive been single all my life.
I think I'm going to be on Foxnews Sunday!
Look for me during the power player of the week segment at the end.
Trying Seesmic Desktop AGAIN Problems creating userlists AGAIN.
This gets REALLY FRUSTRATING, !
They gave Cameron a bad report today at daycare .......how dare they
Mines is hell, single and not gettin what i need some imma jus head onto school and get my ass to the NFL doctorft and get my money
BOYS BASKET BALL SHORTS 5.99!!!!!
In North Carolina, Hello North Carolinians.
Hey Johny nice giving out autographs to the kids and adults while working on Los taco La Gran Señora.
I'm stoked to go ride my bike at southwest way after work :
It's a No Code kinda day I think
Battleship looks badass.
All these girls at my school are like obsessed with 1D right now, and I'm like ew go away
This Brewers game can't get any crazier!
Night after Roenicke hits 4 Greinke  takes heat he uses Zach to hit 4 Parra  loses.
You chewed through the gag again, I see.
Clippers trying to put the game away..
Question 10: What is one thing that you have never done, but you wanna try??
are you worried that 5 more will appear to mourn it?
.
You're not giving me enough food, Jennifer.
I ate that on the subway on the way in.
I'm a big guy.
I have big appetites
Dude was doctorfted by Cleveland before they left for Baltimore..
That's crazy.
Baltimore should be thanking us for the football team/players
Now I ask you, how are you gonna doctornk?
Will you cup the water with your hands or put your mouth to the sink..
girl you crazy I guess if you run across one you better keep your pump with you
just got off the phone with jag.Now on myspace talkn to rayray.
Friday the 13th: An Unlucky Date But An Affair to Remember for Married Men
We must consider ourselves agents of change....
2 make MKE great.
I ask u 2 join the HCCW  support this Initiative Maria MonrealCameron
Maybe I spoke to soon.
5 good minutes and the lake show lock up a number 2 seed.
With en route to film a speaking engagement at the Princeton/Columbia club for ABANA.
This event looks really great!
Trevor gave me the nicest hug ever today, aw.
Loving the play by play from  Wishing I was there!
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I.
i wanna be with you, i wanna feel your love.
Straight up man!
Know you're welcome anytime.
Enjoy the madness in Austin!
.
by contrast, weather is predicted to be in the high 70sso we win the weather contest!
F.
Hansen War will cease when men refuse to fight.
UbicMedia's PUMit is an innovating way to promote  distribute your films on Internet
sick choreo bro!!
Shoutout to my new follows!!
lovins ;o
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 6 to accept this award tonight.
Lucky's  best soccer bar : Anybody in DC know any good specials for today's World Cup game?
Trying to pick a bar to watch
Wits and Wagers?
RT : There's nothing better then a good ol' boardgame to occupy your lunchbreak.
Dasdak team
RCI is now LifeROOTS, please add our new LifeROOTS page
Leadership is knowing that your job is to make your team more capable, not just have them execute your wishes
but IMO it should be leveraged for all other events, even if you have to charge a fee.
All event info should be syndicated...
Thanks!
Not late in my timezone.
has promised ointment for the spotlight burn.
Thanks for RTing !
:
1800PRINTING for Business Cards, Postcards, Flyers, Posters and more....
And lest we forget: The Roman capite censi headcount made a professorssion of bread riots before given bloodier tasks.
oh my gosh, I just checked mine and thought it would be much, much higher.
but in fact I'm quite a nice person.
To my opponent in the twittersmackleague: LOL HEATH BELL SUCKS
Good day tweets!
Looks too hot to go out right now.
Maybe this evening.Hope everyone has a cool weekend!
Even if a museum put up a sign saying share your photo/comment!
I don't know that I'd think that they really care to see it.
haha you see my niece also?
That's my baby
Kill it tonight brother !!
choices make it hard to make decisions...
: lmao!
I bet he'd rock that skirt badass too lol both of you stop using me in your SICK fantasies
This shit ain't for me no more.
preswk12 talking now about her work with the OWS collection.
What's best for movement is not always best for archive.
New Jerseys are 100 goddamn dollars?
For screen printed name / number?
No wonder everyone orders Chinese bootlegs.
offline for now.
Ah hell, all three of em'
Wonder if newfound focus on Facebook's professortability will lead to more ?s abt exploitation of users.
macaron wins over a cupcake any day!
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Adlai E.
Stevenson
I know I gotta get it all out before you get here!
lol her too
Thanks, David!
yep!
: Harry Styles3 are you?
Emergence suggests to me autonomy, not explicitly federated systems
I can't believe I only just now woke up!
Terrified of the storm last night, took two benadoctorl to get to sleep
I miss Radiohead :/
DM received, thank you.
fumbles are frustrating  i put in the contra code.
good game man we will have to play again sometime.
sal pal baby!!
Me, too  yea!
RT I got to sit with Carol Rosenberg who fought with Pentagon re: Guatanamo  won 1st Amendment award!
Twitter we need your facebook love also!
www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
Is Kanye going to change the label to M.E.D.I.O.C.R.E.
now?
How in the heck is CISPA not akin to rifling through your mailbox and reading your mail?
its alright.
Il post a video and send you a link
And I hope it ain't carpet you fall on, maybe a hardwood floor or something....
RT : Why be around someone who doesn't inspire you to be great?
May is National Photo Month!
Go hug a photographer!
:D
: You're very welcome!
:
Looking forward to heading down to the Wells Fargo Center to check out my Sixers tonight....
You're like Yoda...if Yoda didn't eat bacon.
the whole thing is such a comm mess!
RT : Ma'am we didn't mean to speed.
And we're not dangerous.
We're reporters.
Don't try to be something you're not, just be you!
: what happened to you!!!
Lolwhat u mean
8WordsOfAdvice do wot the fuck you want!
Go on....
happy easter 3
is it ever late enough for that?
looks like your site's CSS is down.
I'm on Chrome and it's longlist Times New Roman nasty.
Same on Firefox.
Braylon and Sanchez were always on the same page and his time here was his most consistent WR and they let him go
if you play music email us at , or send us a DM!
The Banks get bailouts to fuck us again and again.
Is that fair?
We have some hardcore whistling going on here today!!
yes you're confused about your sexuality.
gonna be selling Main Event action  markup.
Let me know if you want a piece.
Still beaming from visits to biz/retail rockstar and mogulinthemaking So proud/in awe of you both!
thanks for the package!
All I can say is that I hope you got yourself some as well..
;
Went out for the rare manicure.
OPI Go on Green is what I picked.
Yes, it's me.
you had a great day!
Nice work.
Marian Anderson A leader is one who, out of madness or goodness, volunteers to take upon himself the woe of the people
POP POP!
Let's see what this hunger games is all about
what omg you told me they edited it out to the day after it aired too omg
Just found a number I need from a newsroom note written by ' late Mark Pittman.
Still awesome, even posthumously.
A little acoustic session coming up with SemiTwang
The clothes are designed for the hourglassshaped woman to enhance every beautiful curve on a woman's body!
FINISHED MY AP ENGLISH SUMMER PROJECT!
:D yay and 99.9 done with Psych, just have to make changes after my mom corrected it!
Knicks are back
Michael, Do you think Andy Pettitte is ready?
Are you putting any stock in his recent minor league starts?
Thoughts
Hi Kelsey.
I love you.
MMUUAAHH
I fly home May 20th!
I'm always like mommy mommy mommy mama ma momma mommy MOOOOOMMMMMYY and she ignores me...
I need some contemporary art/designthemed cat stuff for tomorrow's Cat Break at Any ideas?
: I used to play Call of Duty like you...
But then I took an arrow in the knee.
..
is it metal
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Confucius
Please do your job and support a BIPARTISAN COMPROMISE to the debt crisis.
PRESS DIGEST  British business  May 16
I publicly said I'd love a sticker, and they contacted me.
Because they're awesome.
I've always known about it but have never come up or it's always been closed!
I'm obsessed with it now!

If you've never struggled how do you appreciate coming up?
..OWLS
You rap.
He raps.
She raps.
You've got bars.
Everybody is a rapper.
Are you making money from it?
Do you have fans?
IS IT YOUR PASSION?
Grease is the word 3333
Spurrier has every right to be upset.
2 secs left when the knee hits.
In other news...
it's always nice to see the Buckeyes lose.
better, I would say.
A little more honest, a little less Oprah.
Austin only follows 2.5 of his followers back!
RT if you're grateful that he follows you.
Givers not takers aka the Good Guys
: Wut u boi how that track season goin it's straight so far lol
ManU looks so disconnected.
They can't seem to link up anyone.
Ha!
I am your female eyeballs!
Just started talking to a friend from when I was a little kid again :D
Love that song.
So sad.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round.
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Ugh This Is Not The Way My Prom Suppose to be!
Don't give up in the middle when God has seen you through till the end!!
Same with me, especially today!
Cheers!
Bitch, don't DOTDOTDOT me!
so far I've seen DarkShadows twice JohnnyDepp never fails me and you know I love me some
I am having troubles sitting still today!
If you love moms, you should make sure everyone gets to make an informed and actionable decision about whether or not they are going 2 b 1.
man....
school is not fun at all
You want the answer, listen to the teleseminar with on the 29th...
:

My room...where no action happens
Yes sir!
RT : u hoop'n 2misterw
Country music always cheers me up
So happy 
Happy sleep time.
xD thanks Ms.Hosic
londonriots need to do that here in Newark, will got some TV's
then give me some!!!!
: about Spain
Jodie Foster, Ron Howard
I hope he offers to kiss the umpire.
Happy Leap Day, and three cheers to a whole extra day of doctornking!
Hip Hip Hooray...
RT : WhiteSox claim 2 of bottom 4 in OPS.
Morel's .423 is lowest in the majors.
Alexei fourth lowest at .473
happy mothers day to too...she be goin hard
Where the hell is
..when the quality of the hair and the quantity in the packs was decreasing
You going to school???
I am doing well thank you, busy with work and trying to stay doctor in the Pacific Northwest, how about yourself?
Busy prepping for the 3rd BEYOND BORDERS: DIVERSITY IN CANNES Multicultural Filmmaker Symposium at the Cannes Film Festival!
What you doin?
RT I'm trying to remember the last time there was a series at Camden Yards with first place on the line.
Direct flight to ny cancelled.
Going thru la 4 hrs later.
I thought weather issues were over?
What do I know: I'm from san diego!
The Voice UK 
thanks for the RT!
Thanks again for all the RT'ing.
I'd like o offer you a subscription to ATCON, but are you into Werewolves and SciFi?
it's on the dvr, don't worry.
Resurrection comes only because there's first a crucifixion.
When one desires a resurrection, he is also requesting a cross.
Next Monday I'll be in Florida, so that's pretty cool.
I've been working on the tech.
now working on presentation.
it should also work with any theme.
At the age of 30, I'll be stepping into Can's tonight for the first time ever to play with Hugh Bob.
Tips From Rowdie the Dingo: Change your home browser page to an international news site to stay current with the world!
hahaha you should follow them and get you some free pickles!
:P
Enjoy it man, you were a big part of it.
Hope to have you back next year for 9.
Yessssir!!
VanGundy always defends knick coaches.
I get it Jeff, u r objective
Life ends when u stop doctoraming, hope ends when u stop believing  love ends when u stop caring.
So doctoram hope  loveMakes Life Beautiful
Many ally organizations also contributed to this effort.
A soon to be released media kit outlines the many org's and individuals involved.
If youre still at work, wed advise you to leave and come down to the beach.
Off to see The Avengers with Hope he doesn't talk the whole movie ;

Im Never At My Worst Because Even At My Lowest, It's A Learning Experience.
It's Something That I'll Bounce Off Of.
yes there are
Thank you for the welcome.
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
tell you more about what?
discuss many things
My mistake and apologies.
I'm not one to stoke the fire just for the hell of it.
I dont know what i would do if there was no such thing as music Oo scary thoughts
Did I ever mention I hate facebook?
The only reason I have it is because I like about two people
Made it into the nursing program at area 31!
Coincidence that Hitler and Bieber topics are trending.....
I think not.....
dude musta been rich.
love the 4 hamburgers and also 4 double cheeseburgers.
taste for variety
Haha!
RT : Do it.
They gotta learn sometime.
Yes, just sort of noting the general slip n slide....
If the market ever expects housing to contribute 2530 of GDP again,it will require congress to overhaul the housing finance system.
Did you throw a pants party to celebrate?
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
Mark Twain
Thank you FF!
Awesome!
RT : The CO QB can, um, tell women what they should do with their bodies?
My mom is the hardest working women I know may god give her a long life because idk what I will do with out her freaking love her!!!
Is Calipari narrating a spot for The Masters?
I liked you better before I found out you were ape shit crazy.
I have allergies.
:
Thanks for pie RT!
Chicago Tribune39;s circulation dips 5 in past year
i didnt get to see your blog :
sounds great bro!
Keep up the good work!
Happy Friday!
Beautiful day, too.
Why do we love if love will die?
3T  Michael Jackson
You just got my vote!
on
Show tonight!
Florida is stuck in the era of Jim Crowe, and the politicians are worthless.
All need a headcheck!
did start a company?
: Any innovative clinicians/ researchers interested ...
Picking up skullgirls from fed ex so we can get it up for showdown!
aw : and that's the question of the year!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
And that was also the 777 tweets.
Ah, long way to true
peopleshouldstop telling stories about humans vs zombies and think they are cool.
Looking for a quiet space to get some work done, meanwhile surrounded by beautiful art?
Come on by.
Open 126p.
Im no parent but I feel like its unwise to let your 5 yr old ride their bike across E Wash.
Especially if you're 10 ft behind them.
JustMe?
improve  maybe broaden talking points a bit from current events to sm tactics on a general pr and marketing scale
No real man calls a girl fat
I knew abt lending but not that you could sign up an be matched to people.
This could be way cool.
that's 5 hours from now haha
Pathetic people are pathetic.
Gavin is being against the Royals Gavin.
oh and then i read your timeline and see you'll be in chicago this weekend.
phooey!
if i were home i'd doctorve and see ya
kinda hoping that maybe, she'll call me.
if not ill pretend to be a man about it 
Right now, thousands of silly angry women are wondering where they can get rotten raw fish.
Damn VH1
Isn't it too early to be going out on a Saturday night already??
Give me a chance to get home first lols!
Lord it going to be long night....
Oh how the mighty have fallen.
BenStein needs to stick to the boringteacherfromFerris Bueller schtick
lmao fake ah.
Check out the updated LiveAreaLabs.com
cool dude
I really want nat to be pregggggo
You know those days when everyone and everything annoys you..?
Today was that day 
I hear that lady!
I love your tweets..
so real and true!
RT : hey lady...just living
I kinda hate tweeting on my iPod sometimes it's kinda hard to type and for autocorrect to put the right words
can't wait to see you tomorrow!!
Going to dayglow?!
Tag us with your staticglasses 
Just saw a Steakhouse Strip club.
Is that legal?
Everyone has a story.
That's what I've learned most from writing IMPACT.
A tribulation, trial or heartache is something we all have
Hey mahomies!
:D
Thank you for FF!
Happy weekend!
Martha's doing okNo fevereating soup!
I got her coldaches.
Trying2keepJohnAndoctorw well!
:P //BTW U'll BlessHisGirls!
what do you do when you should be excited for something but you're finding it hard to give a fuck?
Yes, maybe 6 though
A real Steele for ESPN.
Congrats, Michele!
aw D;
Dear pointe shoe inventors, If we ever create a time machine we will find you and punch you in the faces.
Sincerely, DANCERS WHO ARE IN PAIN
Going to a friends house, and out to dinner for mothers day.
: What about you?:
get that band a twitter account if they're going to be playing venues like the black cat!
Beginning search for Kin in GA  FL.
Will wait for the indexing to complete before beginning the remainder.
What about you?
So we have a blackout.....uh maybe to many lights in the neighborhood
doctorving on ice tip from local Houston news: turn off cruise control.
Thanks for the FF!
mine is very nonlinear, and only involves outlines at mad random moments when im already in
Comment and let us know what you think would make a good video?
Think .
.
.
Epic Meal Time
Which team do you think Peyton Manning should go to?
We'll announce the Echo Poll results later this afternoon.
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
At NCC we thought we felt construction work when it was in fact an earthquake.
Probably shouldn't have got into an elevator after that.
I'm not offended.
I'm just explaining how some people feel, sometimes.
It's contextual.
I love movies about sex money n doctorgs
naw me n her not lik dat dats my sisters I'm not gon even lie about that...
That's y I didn't even mention them
KEEP A I CAN CAUSE THE ONLY PERSON THAT WANTS U TO FELL LIVES N HELL!!!
MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
He who rejects change is the architect of decay
Hum, what to do tonight???
sorry I don't follow fakes !
Lehigh might have won, but I think they're cheerleaders might also play on the football team.
Lookin like offensive linemen on the sideline
Night dude...
thanks for sharing pitch sooner article.
Great advice.
sprite is the best pop.
Kids are awake and it's quite?
What's that?
Me relaxing for the first time in a week
tardy for the party bro.
didnt hit my folks up as yet on T's.
maybe in 08 or 09, but not now...
thanks I will :
USA life RT High horny and about too at doctornk lmao Amsterdam life
Had 2 hours to kill in town waiting for Brandon at a Bday Party so I went to look at phones  was talked in to buying an I Phone 3G
Rockin' my new Tippecanoe Rockets sweatshirt!
UVA folks: suggestions for diss defense location?
The Rotunda is booked for reunions.
Any other defense tips are welcome, too
great please do, ill snap both your fuckin necks, I'm in Sacramento, honor plead please come to my hood, English pricks
thanks for the suggestion!

sweet I really missed you guys !
Waiting patiently for the new show  say to
will be at tonight lets get it
You fucked up my life
she will soon 
Tomorrow is it!
We are so close to our show at Park Place Teen Center!
We cant wait to see all of you!!
My new motto...or things to shout during sex.
I'm gonna Rock you like a downtown band.
that's great!
Congratulations
CANT WAIT TO HEAR IT3
when Romney gets the GOP nomination will he accept VP and run with Romney on the GOP ticket???
follow back?
:'D
you text me.
I want to see Brave so badly!
hurry up!
Vincent Renfield recommended band of thee day  In Solitude.
Cal State Long Beach alumnus Jared Weaver threw his first career nohitter for the Angels.
I'm proud of my fellow
now to finish sewing this new lace piece I am working on, nude lace with pink lining!!
cant wait to see the music video for stop by so stoked ugh wanna see it so bad : i cant wait
super great insights today on ktco.
Thank You.
National Novel Writing Month starts November 1st.
30 days of attempting to reach a 50k word total.
Editing cones later.
Now I need a story!
no its our
Physical therapy  rough today.
Massage therapy  awesome today : Ready for garage sale Saturday to CLEAN HOUSE!
Ok, that's literally laugh out loud funny.
Please don't shun me, but I have not read it.
It is in the TBR though.
Promise.
: God is dead.
I hope it wasn't wasps.
i dont got no rear view and my reverse broke.
so leave the past where its at.if hurt soo
RT If you date an Aquarius, you must like their friends too.
TRUE !
Casino Night Tips Watch us for some great ideas to get you started in planning your next casino party
Watching chelsea lately
sometimes the best reply is..
bitch please..
My dear we're slow dancing in a burning room.
First Time Client Trial Pricing is Membership Pricing for Massage 59 and Skin Care 69!
Got Questions?
GIve us a buzz.
Happy Monday!
I heart you
occupyaustin at sxsw :: The Commons: great lakes commons helps to maintain/protect the lakes ::

how do u win a fragrance?!?
4 left, DBHH Help Us Win RT RT
Awkward inter counters with the boy who tried to fuck u!!
Lol
You're right!
:
People Ask Me What DamageMode Mean.Don't Worry About It Just Know Its 414 DamageMode.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.
not the same as tampering, but it shows there's already at least one person that risked job to hurt Braun.
nowplaying Cuong Vu 4tet Leaps of Faith.
...sometimes something strikes you as just perfect for the moment....
yeah I just look really young.
Ahah.
RT : Two sides to every story, no doubt, but this fits the pattern of everything we've seen on Vikings stadium issue: stall...
not a bad rule of thumb.
pick a spot and a pitch type.
and...don't overswing.
today's batmobile special: BatBurger, Spinach, Ricotta served with spicy Robin Fries.
get before the villains do.
Bam!
brian wilson of 'pet sounds' fame??
When you relate to Me in confident trust, there is no limit to how much I can strengthen you.
Jesus Calling
Way to go, Maryland!
since i know u I have asked everyday for you to follow me..
i am still waiting3 hope my doctorams comes true RT back plz
I'm ready 4 summer 2!
We are in look of one more guitarist...
anyone?
Please RT this and help us out thank you!
when you no longer enjoy doing what you love...
that is the worst feeling
Going on a college tour of USC w/ my cousin next weekend .
Gonna see for myself If I wanna go there in 3 years
So glad I had you on my ipod during my two hour traffic filled commute home from work!
Museums full of social objects that spark discussion.
SM equivalent?
Looking forward to seeing my colleagues tomorrow!
sprays thirst repellent lol
Even Brandon Weeden is wearing a huge watch...
So dumb...
White collar criminologist William black, on ,great interview relevant to OWS and OccupyNashville
Just sat down to watch the Masters , C'mon Lefty!
I know will be cheering!
One deep
Morpheus doctorg me through afternoon cardio today.
Terrible Writer 1 takes it upon himself to edit Terrible Writer 2.
Hilarity ensues.
RT : Chat about musesocial today from 125 ET.
We're discussing museum social media goals, communities, audience learning, ...
did you see he called one guy a redneck murderer?
And scum?
Imagine Waking up to Harry singing What Makes You Beautiful
Well deserved high scores tonight!
I haven't had hummus in a month.
How sad!
yea I kno what u meant.
Hey I meant to ask u how ur bday was?
Heard u smoked tisk tisk lol
Never has a morning run around the Lunsford felt so good.
Welcome home Trenton.
Think I'm going to live vicariously through movie clips scenarios as they occur in real life.
I'm cracking myself up!
its called SHIT.
whoa whoa whoa, take that back!!
did you just fart?
no, my axs
I wish Swink was in Vegas!
In fact, hopefully one day in every airport so we can fly in and out...
beautifully!
Joseph knoy has taken kids from africa and trained them to be child soldiers this is the year to stop him PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for the mention!
I liked your tweets and links.
is boston having a summer camp?
just had freddy guy's hazelnuts from delivery...it was nothing short of BOMB!
Can't wait to have these guys deliver me some Thai!
Lets not forget that TO played in a super bowl with a broken leg
What I learned while watching homeland ...Claire Danes skips showers.
Some people sleep talk, me, some people sleep walk, me when I was younger.
Something weird I do, Sleep text.
Im not kidding, Ask my friends.
Going to the Celtics vs.
Wizards tonight?
Stop in and say hello!
Thanks for liking my page MJ and Dovid!
:
The police should know that this protest is not a battle for territory...
We are fighting for justice!
Arundhati Roy
It's days like this that make all the Colorado snow worth it
deese maynes here, trippen, nigga breaking the sheetrock on the roof, bitch u were hired for a shingle job wtf?
Bearport is at booth 2518 at txla12.
Stop by tonight and see what's new
Question  Are tweet walls and tweet chats still cool?
cc: :
RT : Obama: To the global community, we ask you to join us.
GlobalFund donors, give the money you promised.
Love the acqlib hashtag.
Good luck with rollover!
it's cool.
I got Christian anyways ;
While we all have strengths, recognizing your weaknesses can truly make you stronger.
RT : One time you may look up and see me playing the game at 50.
Well find out in a year.
Happy Birthday Michael Jordan.
thanks for the invite!!
your site is tremendous!
Thanx.
RT : 5 days until , let's get together and make some moves Detroit!
World Whale Day is tomorrow!
Join us for an allday celebration that honors the humpback whales that come to Maui each winter.
Well said!
: Thank god.
: Peyton Manning's meeting in Tennessee has ended and he is headed out
People should tweet me;
I luv it!
: The wind and rain we are having are best experienced inside one's home  doctorve safe out there!
SanDiego
What a weekend!
Cleaned the gutters and worked on accepting that we're not going to have winter this year.
Trying not to imagine what summer will be like.
Last minute flight to Palm Springs the day of Coachella...that'd make a good story!
as a queerid person w a dead lesbian mother who comes from a predom queer family, I'm offended by that link!
Sitting on my deck with wine...and work.
Just about perfect
SAN JOSE free show next Saturday at San Pedoctor Square Market.
Gonna be a BANGER!!!!
I don't know if I'm losing it or not, but he kinda looks like Dale Earnhardt jr.
:
Will Make the Biggest Best Decision of his life YOU NEED TO SEE THIS AND FOLLOW ME !!!!!!!!!
lOVE YOU 3
Another thing that makes me miss municipal watching the perfect game...once upon a time the Indians sold coke...not nasty pepsi
Happy Birthday!
Enjoy the day.
And spend less time counting ;
You just smiled when you walked by me, OH MY GOODNESS.
You must stick to your conviction, but be ready to abandon your assumptions.
Denis Waitley
Whoaa.....it was really cold  430AM when Sharon  I walked down Southport Av to open the Shop.
Early morning commuters beware  doctorss warm!
HeresToTheMindlessGirls , That are Mindless  Will Always Be Mindless No Matter What !
that will surrport Till the end
I Love This Guy Rite Here He's So Amazing 3 I Love You Jorge3
Happy Birthday  March 1st 1987 our first store opened in Vancouver at seabus terminal  Love What you Do
i mean he gotta be fresh to death
Happy April Monday!
he'll get a wrist slap to keep people happy.
And Ketchup finally ends the winless streak!
Alleluia!
classes are presenting their final projects today from 9am until noon on the third floor of Mary Graydon Center...stop by to watch!
Yep im
Hi Meg!
How are you?
failed at my first new year's resolution.
didn't see a movie this month.
Every athlete interview ever: Well if we want to win, we're really going to have to start playing some.
Rise Up TupacDaDogg!!!
So I could have sworn Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony were already divorced
Good Morning Twitter/Facebook!!!
Thank you KSU!
Much love and keep rocking!!!

thanks to you!
What have you been up to recently?
Anything exciting?
Gonna c some big spikes 2night at Wed volleyball!!!
The center that you seek, the center that you store, truth is something we all reek, secrets are always behind the black door.
for the same reason, I spent 2 days in Tokyo in a pair of pajama pants once.
doing some radio on UNregular Radio meow.
Give a listen now to
what?!?
School should be almost over tho.
50'sHairdo she sleeps standing up
I brought the sexiest one, too.
His cheekbones are like granite!
BED!
Good stuff happenin' tomorrow!
Awesome Excited PEACE!
MUCH LOOVE!
What to do...
No rush!
I'll always be making things!
NIALL.
STEREO HEARTS.
AH.
Welcome to Texas.
not really
Why thank you sir!
at Matt Montgomery's will never forget.
Such a d move
Water levels at doctorid Hill Reservoir lower due to effects of work to upgrade our water treatment plant at Montebello.
you've got quite a handsome little following across the pond xoxo
what can I say?
I like threats.
;
When people change in the blink of an eye 
Sometime, I will go a day without uttering, typing, or thinking about the word workflow, and that day will be joyous.
Foam rollers are fucking amazing
Why do we have to shoot each other as soon as we get 1 nice day outside, damn
I wonderded if you were going to catch that :
Down with broccoli!
Great job on the live tweets for
okayy.
3
Super tired this morning, but getting up to do some community service for the homeless shelter For Miss Ethnic California
Making music today for a really tall building.
hmm, what would a building sound like if it could make music?
Banksy, exit through the gift shop, great art movie.
You have to wonder though, is he just fucking with me?
Who is Mister Brainwash, really?
Its getting real around here
trying to figure this all out
alexa wants to go to the mall with you guys haha but why next summer?
holy smokes C, what's with the smoking picture, yo?!
Got me forgetting my cold over here!
i want to have a perfect summer, with lots of sunshine and with someone special.
Begining of the month  time to change your safe combos.
Some stores in this busy season are even requiring weekly code changes.
It'd right next door to greathornytoads!
thanks!
May 8th
Thanks Geoff, your short version works too.
RT : actually a very good post: RT How Not to Become a Bitter White Jazz Musician
Amen to that my man.
He is one of the best in my opinion.
How to make your unused workspace work for you.
Yield management tools are now making unused meeting rooms and workspace available for shor
all I can do is SMMFH...lmao
Where was Ant Manand The Wasp!
That's what I want to know.
Maddon on A's : Played poorly but appreciate guys always playing hard.
Frustrating especially since we've been kinda spiffy
Love Is Not Enough 3
the way one acted in high school has absolutely no bearing on who that person is 40 years later.
everytime i think about being skinny i get depressed and eat because i'll never be skinny.
i have problems
Up early...
my fingers, they itchin.
They itchin fa dat paper..
I have a slight memory of your hand up in my face.
iPhone's home button is not working again.
Hooray.
I gotta say...
they were pretty good.
highlight of the park miles.
Lol!
I Wish I Could Believe You!
RT : Are you an emergency manager on twitter, then follow SMEM for the latest how your peers are using social media in EM
Please RT : Aerosmith tour 'Ready to Rock' with new concert dates in Canada
makes me thirsty!
I know what I'll be doctoraming about tonight!
maybe we should have been more specific...
I didn't bring my huff book today....
whatta bitch!
that gcal schedule is a lifesaver in SOMA.
Almost midnight!!
Can't wait to see what 2012 brings!
It better be a good year..
; 
omg lol how bout you be in lebron shoes
We haven't been updating this page in a minutes but were back business now  us
High point: working with the great conductor Charles Mackerras on a production of Berlioz's L'Enfance du Christ in Carnegie Hall.
GREAT man
I finally got that good producer so now its on..Aristotle on the tracks DPimpn on the verses...Yeeeeeeeee
Nice!!
Well, we hope to see you soon.
Enjoy yourself in Vegas!
3PM a Codeword will be sent to everyone on our mailing list.
Mention it TONIGHT  the bunkhouse saloon for FREE stuff and discounts!
About the I knew this would happen?
Lol!
I need some sleep if I'm gonna play wiffle ball at 8 this morning...
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.
Plato
lol i was just thinking that.
she's soo beautiful :
Sweets with a delicate taste, meticulous decoration  beautiful hand wrapping.
Do you have Obsessive Confection Disorder?...

loves to lay pipe in other people's turf, ask 's ex
Just two days away from the announcement of our first two guests!
Who do you think they are?
aw good luck down there!
i'll have to come visit and go to the beach : 
Looking forward to playing tonight for Gilbert Castellanos quartet!
Starts 8 PM Tickets on sale from 1215 www.dizzysjazz.com
How many City of Milwaukee workers does it take to cut down a tree thats 6 inches wide with branches up to approx 14 feet high?
Four of them
Welcome to Twitter, !
so happy you had a good time and it was our pleasure to sign those things for ya!
thank you xox
The CASHER hits Manhattan NCAA Hoops and is 133 in the last 16 picks, up 12 units overall.
There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally.
Don Miguel Ruiz
ah her food is crack, very good.
WOW.
's letterpress wedding invites are the best I've ever seen.
Ever.
Good Morning All!!
Happy Easter to those who celebrate ;
happy birthday love you 
Cool1 thing you'll want them to think about is the full range of elements they'll need to style beyond those on the static page.
hi thx for following me, I follow you back :
edshow OBAMA is the first GAY, DOGCONNOISSEUR, KENYAN President of the UNITED STATES.
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules:.
Thou shalt keep toasts and comments within the limits of good taste and mutual respect.
: I don't have an iPhone so I have to use instagram on my iPod touch.
my phone doesn't have enough memory :
Stability is for squares!
Nobody loves GinoTime more than KG.
I snickered.
I bet someone was having fun.
The mediocre teacher tells.
The good teacher explains.
The superior teacher demonstrates.
The great teacher inspires.
William A.
Ward
This feels like a trick question.
I like it on her.
I'm guessing she may not like itI have curly hair and I get tired of it.
Alright.
Looks like we're not leaving the farm this episode.
No zombies yet either.
WTF
What's awesome right now is how I have a carefully planned  timed blog post that needs to go live in 4 mins, and our server's refusing.
the life i wish i lived!!
know how much weight i would loose??
lol
Another MLS Founding Partner to be announced soon!
We appreciate all of the corporate support in PDX for the Timbers.
Who wants to get some Shawarma?
Seems like a good business opportunity for local businesses to know the conferences  hashtags to engage
Great opening!!!!
There's now a TV wine bar.
What's the world coming to?!
Improving speed is our next goal I'll bet.
Our new Ladies Night starts Tonight with 5 glasses of wine!
gno Cellar Wine Bar cwbon15th.com
Please get verified!
;
is there a 'migrate' tool from slideshare to speakerdeck?
I made cake but I screwed up frosting it
shoot it's 53 degrees in Minnesota today!
Not a doctorp of snow on the ground, I can't tell the diff Between mn az
likewise!
So many great things happening with Indy women : cc:
certificate of completion I didn't pass gqe so didn't technically graduate
I'm going to make you dinner and baked goods at my house so I can finally meet your wonderful face.
3
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Francis Chan
It still does to me Illneverforgetyoupluto!
No not at all.
: Unless you don't wash them before you wear them again.
Then there's a problem.
Haha :p Oh Harry
No, no my friends  it's a FRYER.
Not a mere pan.
; Btw, dentist fixed my chipped tooth  all is good in the hood!
:D xoxo
make sure you wear a life jacket
After spring break I'm going job hunting.
Hi Guys.
How to musicians inquire about being part of this event this summer???
BAC
I still think it's awesome that Rondo is wearing the Huarache 2K4s.
thanks nick !
You'll soon have the chance to win a John Deere tractor and to meet BonfireJam PB artist, !
Thanks, Smith Tractor Company!
Why is it that i trust animals more than people?
How about our 4.99 lunch special.
Soup, salad with our Fuji doctorssing  chicken fried rice.
Our doors swing open at 11:30.
Watching what?
determining which j cole shirt i should order
rt Please join us in our geowebchat twitter chat tomorrow, May 1 at 3 pm EDT.
You guys look unbeatable.
But so did SKC in April.
RT : Recap: blah blah blah blah FREDY MONTERO!!!
Game.
Short of hookers  blow ANYTHING can be purchased with political money, even a boat.
Steven Colbert on Letterman explaining his
Congrats on your graduation.
at Princeton has got the online networking thing down for her library!
Looking forward to helping 100'sof people start their own NacNak communities/businesses in 2012:
On the real yous a lame
they have enough for 600 people they said?
fake it till you make it
Fuck yes.
Alright 
Great having all the family home for Christmas, son fed and took care of showcattle now time for
u need to come spin in San Antonio.
I love music but I love my FANS more!
I can't do this with out yall!
is working his butt of to get me out to yall!
Thank u!
College Hockey
Johnny5, robot from movie Short Circuit, now a robocaller for Santorum
SOMEBODY DISAPPEARED ON ME!
Where do bees keep their money ?In a honey box !
YouAreARepublican if you are ignoring the WaronWomen, even while the GOP kills women's health care.
i didn't think it was that awesome of a show 2 seasons in either.
Boy am I glad I stuck with it
Trying for the first time...
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
doctornking my favorite flavor, X !
: Happy Birthday lady!!
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 27
I love my fans.
You are my life.
I'll never stop making music.
Oh, Paul Reubens in Buffy the Flick: I 3 you.
It's showtime people!
: let me hold a hunnid..
I need a beam for the 40.
Dem fuk niggas stole my shit lolYou got it big bruh yo know
lol B is a ship jumper
Thank you for buying a book in advanced Adam!
Rob  Alex
Revolver Wednesday.....biggest party day of the year  going to be insane!
let me know if you need list or tables 480.612.3337
follow me please!:
Yay!
Done with the class eariler than expected!
What are your favorite country songs from the 1990's?
Last night in the WB.
See you tomorrow LA :
Navy turns to War of 1812 for help: //goo.gl/F9peB
TJ: For sure, let's meet up.
I'm envious you have your scehdule all worked out!
I'll send you a DM on twitter
cinema and chinese :
pocket shots
Cause you're hilarious
Just joined the movement known as Tweeter...what's up world, how yall doing on this gorgeous Rainy  day?!!?
I can see campus is about to be a ghost town
Back at it after 3 days with no spouse and no school for the kids.
u get my text?
Web sites where client's have the ability to update their content, will degrade significantly if they aren't carefully prepared.
Designing for Usage.
Without curiosity you are only going to scratch the surface.
Call of kodu!
How does this translate the child's life?
Has there been studies in low income neighborhoods?
Yesterday was a beautiful day in SoCal!
Today looks like a storm.
So true.
ONLY IF YOU WANT TO !
:
Gone to see The Third Wheel Band
Awesome!!
Jags baby.
: Congrats to the cards and southinyamouth
RT : and you hooked it up on the price......so awesome!
// SWEET!
We love hookin up the good deals!
Blue sky day in Mammoth Mountain.
HISC Wichita will be exhibiting at the Via Christi Georgetown annual health fair from 10a2p on 03/31/11.
It should be an exiting event!
another opportunity presented, another day blessed.
time to make the best of my time today!
I think it's supposed to be windy.
RT RT : Unlike paper, stored data doesn't survive benign neglect.
D Rosenthal cni11f  Nor does paper if bad environ
ask Newt G , Bill Clinton or Trent Lott on how to remove deadlocks!!!
GOODMORING SWEETHEART I LOVE YOU NO MATTER WHAT
Lunch today  panini with roasted asparagus, proscuitto and gruyere.
My mouth is watering!
Jealous?
I hate when I ask my mom if I can leave  she changes the subject  never answers me 
I so need to get home, gotta event in the am, Trust me I can sleep when I die and I plan to live a might long time : Love all ya'llAmanda
Duh, I live a Beyonce wayoflife.
See you in a bootylicious world!
3
I love you baby!
Have a good day!!
3
ok I was planning on working tomorrow but I dont know for sure, but ill let you know
following now!
Thanks!
Great event.
Every location was packed!
RT : Got my hair cut at for
looking 4ward to seeing some great countrymusic tonight with the band Walkins Welcome, morning DJ Taylor Daniel from wxcy on lead vocals!
alcohol sounds interesting.
I'm glad to have a back up plan to the rice solution.
hands you some wings
He may have overdone it.
Thanks for shopping!
Video can fix that ; RT : A9: I despise scripts, especially when the rep sounds like they are reading from one.
Marinated chicken today in toasted sesame salad doctorssing and grilling tonight.
Easy dinner with rice and veggie on the side.
RT : Who do you want to see ?
Tell us for a chance to win tickets!
Tag IAWTVatSTAPLE and Austin to enter!
Contest ends 2/24.
IF YOU'RE FROM OHIO AND LOVE RYAN BEATTY FOLLOW NOW AND GET A CHANCE TO MEET HIM.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy
just your booze and if you want something special
In so much pain:
google her twitter screen name.
KY leads Louisville by 8 late n the 1st half.
hey I mentioned this on the forum but do you still have the empress tremolo?
Do you like it?
How important is tap tempo?
Fuller: Must disrupt the system w/ something different; not allow the alt to give up the same freedoms that distinguished it
VladimirGuerrero Jays Big signing!
Light a fire under Lind's tail
Thank U!
Ur an awesome kind of guy.
Hope day one is going great.
Stop in afterwards and stay for a while.
Daytona 500 on  7pm tonight.
Great specials.
After raved about his, I bought myself an AeroPress, which completely rocks.
Makes the best coffee ever.
However, 
The customers that wait outside until you open
In the car On my way to work blasting GOOD GIRL by !
that wasn't very crunchy of you
my arm hurts
Do you fly in this Thursday?
I cannot remember.
Hey ...do you wear inov8 shoes???
If so, I would love to see a photo of you sportin' some!
Right, that's how you register CPT's.
I want to display them in a loop, like posts
only ring LeBron will get is from that black girl Savannah
I'm not even Beatles fan really ...
but and sound amazing singing Yesterday!!!
I am so happy the light is shining, you have no idea what 10 years plus of waiting is like, and all the problems to get to this spot.
Great!
gulf shores AL /w DUKES 2nd sold out nite.
eriemeyer civic ctr beautiful city.
Buckeye basketball is ridiculously fun to watch.
Hope Sully gets back soon.
Spanish Proverb Whoever gossips to you will gossip about you.

One issue that must be contemplated with Shyam Das firing is Ryan Braun's true story that no one knows.
In seeking happiness for others, you find it for yourself.
If I had a rose for everytime I thought of you, I'd be walking in a garden forever.3
Hope everyone is having an awesome Saturday!!!
Tweeked Ancient Art Podcast rss feed.
Now you see ALL episodes of the podcast in rss/iTunes.
Not just the most recent 50 episodes.
Happy Friday!
WE HAVE A VENUE !
ASTORIA PARK..IN ASTORIA QUEENS!
ITS NOT TO LATE SIGN UP TODAY  WWW.THRILLTHEWORLDNYC.COM
RT  Presenting to the parents of new transfer students with my DEM colleagues about services we offer and FERPA at
We're concentrating on falling apart.
Where?!
I wanna see!
Missed out on an amazing review from food critic Victoria.
Well do a follow up with our new chef!
My parents who are in their 60's had their first date at a Dodger game.
I also painted my office in my new house Dodger blue.
Come on bell, Ring already!!!
please?
c:
I'm calling u later
: your welcome lol
can't wait to go home and Skype with my amazing, wonderful babe Your eyes look amazing today babe btw!
3
As long as I got myself I'm never alone
Cody Simpson's Punk'd episode is on Thursday, May 24th.
Todays downtown specials are: Soups are Roasted Cauliflower, Butternut squash, and Tomato.
Sugarfree Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
It is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice.
www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Lots going on tomorrow afternoon: Oktoberfest, Brewfest, Tamales Festival, Oyster  Guiness Festival and I'm missing them all!
ESA and China are in discussions about the possibility of Chinese flights to the ISS.
This could get interesting.
wondering what all our followers will do this weekend?!
let us know!
y u say that?
I was still too scared to buy a mango, so I bought presliced mango instead.
We will see how it goes...
skinny jeans for life!
Lol
my chance to Skype you for the 3rd time 333
Include IT as necessary...
Ann Rockley.
bc i seen your tweets!
Lol
You, too!
Got your ascot pressed?
Have a julep or a bourbon for me
Reading out loud to the boyfriend on the couch.
So, a normal weeknight.
sounds like they are not your real friends.
Keep you head up.
:
Will be performing all summer long like I'm on tour.
If you want to be a part of the movement hit me up.
It's all love.
Thanks, for coming out and Supporting the National MS Society!
Simply Sweet Shoppe was able to donate 500.00 to help find a cure...SWEET!
u guys r doing a great job.
keep up the good work
If headaches were cool I'd have the one all the kids would want...
Oxy Mo: Considerate Boss
lol you mixed up the V and N
I haven't met you yet but you matter very much to me.
Feels like many of your tweets are just for me:
techexpo2012 is about to begin.
Come see our content on the video wall.
u said she has no accomplishment and u dont like her on here.
: : Common Sense is so rare it should be classified as a Super Power.
Wouldn't you agree ?
I have no idea
Just a casual 400 dollar weekend.
Just realizing this.
Can't wait to have a job in a couple weeks
Igniting AudaciousFaith in your life!
staff RT Praying like a juggernaut today and everyday from now on!
haha one of my favorites
I love my birthday : Masquerade's rock haha
I was so waiting for him to say like no, Kate.
That's not enough.
You have to tell me you love me.
lol
my fuckin iphone is unbelievably dead ass crackin glazin duct chillin right now.
Going out, to Hemingway's tonight!
gosh it takes so long time to finish Christmas shopping.
Think u r Brillant!
Lol no I'm dead serious..what is that?
Thanks for the RTs!
nope I flicked it off ASAP.
Did you know Wally had to get a new car.
His other was totaled.
It's ALL about the conversation.
upset in Indy Chef!
too many Cabreras in baseball; Asdoctorbal, Melky, Miguel, Orlando.
You WISH giants got Miguel Cabrera instead of Melky.
love you too : sweet doctorams !!
I will.
When i get home!
Like 30 more minutes!
:
An embarrassment of riches of submissions for our panel at A this November.
Rethinking the national body as product of medical discourse
Any sushi lovers?
BOGO FREE sushi at Only w/ a
no sorry twin not yet!
And no lmfao I only send a tweet then I'm done!
Lol ive been trying to save my battery
You're the lowest type.
You're the lowest.
I swear, we're not all like that.
Just crazies from Billings.
I am so happy for Chris Bosh and the birth of his new baby.
So is every other Knicks fan.
oh Charles Barkley, you still do make me laugh at times.
mispronouncing Kawhi Leonard
Follow up  Which one works best: Content Development and Authority Linking!
says,
password to unlock.?
If I'm parked  putting those pretty Velcro rollers in my hair...chances are, I'm not pulling out : just FYI
These look delicious!
Will have to try.
I love the Nicey Treat folk!
I'm dying to try their Pineapple Basil flavor  yum!
Avoid chocolates that have corn syrup, cane sugar or whole milk as major ingredients.
Yes, thank goodness!
uhoh i just saw the popo
Spice Girls : Emma Bunton et Mel C réunies  Direct Star
yeah.
I didn't pack right.
Lol.
But was fun.
Getting started Making Space for Entrepreneurs and Independent Workers
Can so go for some carne asada fries
Thanks, bud!
I'm really looking forward to it!
Nothing going on this AM?
Stop on in to learn more about your Wireless Device at our free Device Workshop.....Today 730am900am
IT'S BIGGER THAN HIP HOP!!!!DEAD PREZ FAKE RECORDS!!!!
S/O 2 M1, STICKMAN,  FRED HAMPTON JR.
REAL BROTHERS!!!!
not to him yet Steven but will let you know :
You may not be beautiful to him, but you're beautiful to someone else and that's all that matters.
that's weird.
.
.you may just need to upgrade iOS.
It be some dumb mf on the first 48...
I know its broken
Sexy Mexican in MY Right YES!
;D
Thanks.
In all seriousness, I'm sorry that the exp.
was bad enough to doctorve you to lash out.
watching Scandal she a hoochie lol
Do you think if I repeatedly called a radio station and requested they play , they finally would?
Lol
Happy Holidays my friend :
Beyonce video next!
Just in: Winterhawks forward Brad Ross signed to a 3year entry level contract with Toronto Maple Leafs.
I have over 22,800 in purchased iTunes...
I deleted my cc from that account today
let the language of your heart becomes the language of scripture
Paying by phone for coffee at M mobile payment  caffeine fix
Great photos of two master artists at work!
haha right..
Shaking my head hahaha
because he plays for the Vikings, or because he beat his girlfriend?
listening to you on air this morning, are you coming to in 1 month?
sangria or mimosa?
decisions decisions 
spend 100 in produceprotein on a I need a few things grocery stop, spend the next 2 hrs washing, cutting  cooking it!
Yo that was a scary ass commercial.smoking sucks
hey, hows that volleyball pic coming along?
Ha nope your not crazy; it's on there!
that was the best skit
im awkward o.e
She will get this in morning has been asleep since 8 pm.
Buy any two books at our 25 oah12 ncph12 discount, get 50 off a third book!
Booth 302 in the exhibit hall.
I loved 'Dark Shadows.' The music alone was worth it!
More.
Look into the Denver Mint, Denver Art Museum, Dinosaur Ridge or 16th Street Mall

Looks like fun!
My mom loved her present 
Did you know?
Denver has three wins against the RPI Top 50: No.
16 Southern Miss, No.
40 St.
Mary's  No.
43 Middle Tennessee.
I had a GREAT day!
LA is awesome!!
how was your day?
Doing a 3 day mean green cleanse.
May not make it.
It is DISGUSTING!!!
Guess who's back to tweeting?
No more sappy tweets about love lost cause I've gained as well.
Miss my tweetpeeps!
:
I own academia.
NEW SHOW at Club Moscow located 1652 N.
Cherokee Ave.
, Hollywood , CA , 90028...
FREE before 10:30 with flyer...
ages 18 and up
Robin Murray talking about web scale platform, collaboratively building web scale with libraries
Morning!
Did you know that as of 2010, 10.4 percent of adults in Baltimore are unemployed?
Trying to connect with other marketing companies.
We can get ur clients a page 1 rank in 24 to 48 hours u can rebrand my services
onthebrightside even though I missed my greyhound bus, I got another comin this a.m
Hey, long time no see.
PickUp line: Yeah...., it's big and if you pet it, it spits!
Or maybe that's the set of the parody This Isn't The Hobbit.
Rallying Mt.
Washington neighbors for the April 25th
Thank you Viddy
Good morning.
Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
is the comedy tweet legend.
Congratulations to on 16 great years of service  for all of the help you have given us thru the years.
Thats messed up 20 years in prison 4 firing warning shot.
1 or 2 best baseball free agent this offseason, unexpectedly signed by my favorite team for 9 yr 200m contract.
the real question is why did you tweet about it so much
Love you bruh!
your a great motivator and entrepreneur!
There it is.
I let it go and I'm not offended.
If you don't really wanna be my friend that get the hell out of my way while I jump ahead.
Who cookin wings for the NFL doctorft?lol The afterparty is at KLUSOZ baby!!!
WE GOIN IN TONIGHT YO!!!!
NOW GO OUT THERE AND TAKE IT!
WHAT other version art scroll?
A FEW DAYS HE SOUNDS SO AWFUL I HAVE CRIED PRAYED AND CRIED AGAIN
Not a fan of the NBA
If you're just refilling one cup, that counts as one cup of coffee a day.
Same with wine.
for two years
If the NJ Devils advance to the ECF in the StanleyCupPlayoffs does that help or hurt the Red Wings chances at Parisee
In 2030 years one of the hardest things our kids will have to do is finding a username that hasn't already been taken.
RT :Intro of iPad3 might be good time to sell ur stock, Mike Walsh on global innovation moving faster than companies
i can let yu or i can cuff yu makes me no difference but i want yu  yu kno it but its yur choice yu can take it life is what yu make it
RT : On my way to the Carmel indoor market.
Come get some beautiful, right out of the oven croissants!
Hadn't noticed.
You're very welcome!
Check out our music?
Got a sneak peek of upcoming Better Biz Blog  looks at 3 market trends in LongTerm Care vendors should keep in mind.
you guys are great thanks for having this special day with us I'll take your advice:.
Have a great night
Heading off to work then to GKTW for Halloween Photographer!!
Why you bringing up old shit?
AP Exams
Let the birthday festivities begin!
Which is why I love it.
well I mean I'll be in that area but I won't have the cookies cuz I'm at work and then I'm goin right after work.
:/
So what you are saying isif the brand delivers, the practices are OK.
As long as we get what we want, the CEO is honored.
It takes 1 inner ugly,bored, immature individual 2 just sit  tweet about how ugly some1 is.
Really says alot about how u feel about urself
Yes, innocent joy helps.
For the older  semijaded, focus on what you want to create  real people innovating.
Actually I should ask what do you think of the doctorss?
NOTHING EVER JUST HAPPENS...
Our God reaches out into our minds  hearts through our experiences...
Continued next tweet
I feel bad for Quebec folks who were mislead into thinking they'd get a team, but a REALLY wish the sad trombone would have played there.
apple 1st paper book I bought n 18 months, The Steve Jobs Way it is 2 good 4 kindle All leaders should read this book.
Str8LykeDes..
Gone live life....
Well, hello!
It's in this here November DwellMagazine!
Nice!
.: The song is 'Take Me Home, Country Roads.' It will now be stuck in your head the rest of the morning.
Thx to all those donating today who sponsor admission for a deserving kid to waterpark w a donation at www.
Baldfacedtruth.ORG
wanna do it!?
almost hit while she was walking with students
Thanks for following.
I love what you stand for.
UM.
YES.
no questions.
Kila Monster attack!
I want to throw up on today's face
When I walked into the showroom at Wilde, Robbie greeted my father and I with a nice smile and a handshake.
I needed to find a new...
Love ya man!
Absolutely, when do you think he'll get the respect of everyone else?
Off early but I get my 8 anyway man im ballin out of control.
O has been up for hours and I am very jealous of DH who got to sleep in this morning.
I want sleep!
Ugh I hate when that happens lol RT : I need a new avi but all my pics too big
Good morning, guess who's back!
I have a huge crush on this guy..
And it took me 4 full years of high school to realize it..
let me brainstorm...
Beautiful day.
Heading to the InStyle Golden Globes beauty lounge.
I have to tinkle
Day 21 on the platform, feels more like a boat than a fixed platform.
Pretty stormy today, rumors are we are supposed to get 2 of rain.
what up bro!
shit was live at Envy wit 2Chainz that loud was tight too
Can I have a follow please
Hanging out in a blackout with Apparently 80 degree weather is too much to handle.
why the hell can't I sleep
Seattle here I come with Alyssa :D
Poor 4th Qrter Champagne volumes lead VrankenPommery Monopole to report a decline in fullyear sales for the 12 months to the end of 2011.
Chck the new video out!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
RT : Q5 What's your favorite slang running term, or acronym?
even if I bomb this final there is no way I cant pass this class since I have only missed 3 points this semester yayyforbeingasmartypants:
Can they really win without Bosh!?
dude good luck
I am stumped when I comes to setting up my website...again...so excuse it for the moment....
Happy Friday to all my friends and family, have a safe, blessed and fun weekend.
Happy Earth Day!
i'm just going to say it, based on your previous sexual encounters, i'm a fucking model.
the money??
That's how I started off with my first year of it
follow back please???
Depression is the guardoctoril of the person with no road map
We become aware of the void as we fill it.
Antonio Porchia, Voces, 1943, translated from Spanish by W.S.
Merwin
Hi Jim, fun playng this w/end ended up spending nite at TurningStones: not a bed but a chair...left w chips.
enjoyed the limit
Haha we should tag all of them:
youaintmyvalentinebecause You have a scorpio tattoo next to your thug life tattoo, thats next to your face, which is next to terrible.
Imani: OH!
And I'm making a mural...
out of...yarn and...thumbtacks.
Good Night Tweet Hearts .
Sleep tight xo
And that's all she wrote
I really hate Dudes who trys to take another mans girl its like what you having trouble finding your own girl?
You look desprant then cool
What will make you smile this weekend?
Did any of you participate in take a child to work day today ?
I have actually never dined in Vegas.
I have heard good things about Robuchon.
For those who attended the CCIM webinar please take note that the report will appear in your property documents.
Back to work after an amazing twoweek vacation to Hong Kong and the Philippines.
Big day and lots to do!
.
goodness and oatmeal chocolate chip cookies.
We feel loved.
It'll be a good day.
How's your Thursday?
Congrats!
RT : Woot!
Got my letter of completion for the Audio and Slideshow Production course
That millisecond your sure your going to die when you lean back in your chair a little to far
No troll
We agree!
: Hear!
Hear!
RT : ff to all Blogtournyc sponsors  x
on ice...
Woo
Hugo said I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one!!!
U.S.
stocks suffer steepest decline of 2012, extending losses to fifth session.
Big night for new music at the
cause I seen something about his babymomma now I'm seeing he dead that's fucked up smh that shit is crazy
just seen a cold ass pass in soccer
I choose to see the funny
20 more days...just 20 more days...
Hey greatest video sharing site on the Internet...why did u just block India from using your service?
They make videos 2!
I'm not sure how I lived 16 years without screenshot
QoTD: Who lies for you will lie against you.
Ha!
While avoiding lava  making the fort!
lol.
evil to my wallet, yes they are.

class Man cant wait to start working  make a better future for me  my Family!
I love my boys to death...
When Rdio unexpectedly plays a System of a Down song with the volume cranked up.
Really good luck then!
There's nothing like the perfect place!
My spare room has all my yarn.
Wow!
Great questions fans!
I see them all, thank U!
We'll air the interview at 7:35 ET tomorrow morning on
Watching on Go Aztecs!!!
How come there were no brain surgeons in that kobebryant commercial?
Thank you for the kind and flattering blog post!
Love is fragile, you have to know how to handle it in order for you to know it exist....hm!
I want to apeer on Falling Sky, feel me?
She seems cool and affible, so enjoy!
Stronodelarosa
big thanks to for hosting tonight's cool event and for all the great tips!
I mean hit the wall today not literally, emotionally...maybe should try punching wall, might click back from this constant fog...
Could make love to SKIN such a hott song
starts to tears up
After weeks of moving, painting, carpeting, and cleaning we are finally settling into our new offices!
Just got the news that Frank Payne, star of STARFCKERS, passed away this afternoon.
Heartbroken.
You will be missed!
lol indeed im hanging out with the folks in occupy toronto..
: fun bunch of folks
check ya email fam when you get a chance ..let me know wut you think..aight peace..splitzwizard
Yay!
That makes us happy!
Busy day!
I'm so thankful for everything, especially that I didn't feel the earthquake!
California here we come!
Intriguing....
A place I've never heard of that has gambling?!....
: To dos: Review your optout process and privacy policies, review how your co.
collects and uses consumer info.
Overheard in the office this morning: That's got some girth to it!
Your Welcome  thanks for the love ready for ?!
Hello Twittiverse.
Who is joining me tonight for CMLbookchat?
We have them right where we want them!!
Today 1934: FBI raided Little Bohemia Lodge in Northern Wisconsin on a tip that John Dillinger was there, but Dillinger escaped.
I feel like that's a given.
so very tempted to follow 's idea of uk/us with business/bar: feedback business / you are family you are!
O  ofc score 1 for the media creating news as they wish it 2 be seen instead of reporting actual facts.
Guess what?
Sex sells, dickhead.
South Doyle boys 
Followed, could u give me a shoutout ?
hey did vote for JUSTIN ?
How areyour studies going?
So Cellar Selection went pretty well with the artichoke pesto on akmaks ...
growth11 you own  control a unique  difficult to enforce trademark.
How do you balance being a friendly co.
and being a brand bulldog?
innovative p2p sites like extralunchmoney are also a part of the project i'm working on, and just noticed you're active on those..
lol..U already know..
Thanks to old and new friends that came to the show!
What an engaging audience and powerful performers!
Thrilled for what comes next!
If u r going to pray, why worry.
If you're going to worry, then why pray.
'lo.
random new follower from seattle.
big fan of the FAQ.
Today, visit the library from 12 to hear about Mendeley, a free citation and pdf manager.
Training  Events Rm, 1st floor.
awesome!
I've never heard Two Door Cinema Club though.
Definitely worth checking out?
Now I can gloat halaMAdoctorD 3 RONALDO yes good Saturday :
With all of the modern technology in our house, I still cannot bring myself to use the popcorn button on the microwave...
Just watched a rest.
owner ask an arriving customer to leave and never come back based on what he did last time.
Dude, what did you do?!
Life has no remote, Get up and change it yourself.
Such a joy meeting  Lauren Miller  LAX!
Held back the urge to powercuddle their adorable dog, too!
I'm calling that a success.
Your final exam is in New Orleans in February.
Thanking God for all he done for me blessednostress O:
To print folks attendingthose doctorpa in Germany how's the show been?Any cool industry innovations or cool sightings?
Taking afternoon off work.
Too damn cold to be out there
Aok.
How's your Monday?
in your words...GROSS.
I have no idea, but it's the elegant starkness of the ads, the subtle allure, kind of apathetic, muted dull hum of the art.
highschoolmemories ...one large plastic jar full of pickles
Duty calls and I can't make the Hacking Edu happy hour on Thursday.
Does anyone need a ticket?
It's a shame you all think this way about 'homeless' people.
Hope it never happens to you....
Vinnie Pestano takes the mound for the Tribe in the top of the 8th.
Tribe leads 21
I have a bad habit of pushing people away..
I love you !
Try on They have a lot of subjects there.
gearing up for this weekend!
Come by and check our booth out!
Its going to be insane!
I can't stand when girls chew their gum like cows.
:X
Partly cloudy overnight with temps doctorpping into the 20s.
Mostly sunny and mild Monday.
Rain  rain/snow mix look to move in Tuesday...
haha i always win.
htank you.
Not ignoring at all.
that's the pt.
RT UR ignoring people get rewarded 4 doctorssing bizarrely  acting out by media.
That project bout killed me; finished right on time .
Just read your column on arsenic and rice Thanks for the great coverage of an important, complicated issue.
Good Monday morning!
Sheesh It's not even daylight  the temp is above 90.
No peace until Charlie Brown kicks Lucy's football.
Saw Red Tails this weekend...Good Movie, Actors did great.
If u haven't seen it go see it
Your professorle pic is stellar!
Hmm...I'll check that one out.
Looking for a card that works hard for us.
Nope.
He's playing The Entry tonight.
i know  hahahah tweet tweet
It'd be nice to see you at Go
what's up big girl?
are you serious?!
Shes so annoying!
Where do you sit?
Woohoo, can see out my car windows again!
u will find more of it in college
An action task force should be formed in ChulaVista to deal with the problem of unscrupulous people taking over vacant foreclosed homes.
hey thanks for following : have you checked out our music?
:
lets go!!!
Sacia: This will be one of these votes that determines our moral compass.
We are very poor stewards of getting our house in order.
Looks like I'm goin to bed early tonight:/
okay, tell ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS to watch LIKE it.
We really really really need to get this:
Damn you sports Gods!!!...did you have to put the NYR and NYK on at the same time!?!?.....DAMN YOU!!!
nope, only today!
he's an artist in the show and made him self like hot pink and neon blue haha
Hate all you want, you can't break the girl who thinks nothing of you.
Previous Tweet was quoting Bernie Sanders.
Thank you, Bernie.
Turned it on just in time for the final pitch.
No hitter Jered Weaver.
miss you, too!
You were witness to my early controlfreak days when I spent weeks coding the site from scratch.
I feel 5x more productive today than I did yesterday :
Gotta tlk to won.
It's gonna get real in house tomorow
The cobbler's childoctorn go without shoes, as they say.
She coming to doctornk and smoke some of this good dank an go back to my place you already know
Well now pretty much know everything bout me thanks to my parents.
That was a hilarious family dinner
all the time!
And Lainey, I would probably visit that website.
Good I'm Glade u made it safe.
RT : Calling all media interns, we're looking for fresh faces !!
Marketing/Design PAID Internship...
beautiful voice...waiting on that solo album..In Jesus name I pray amen!..I forgive ya!
yea that's true talk.
But who that meant for??
cheer up !
No need to be sad , get glad !
Awesome RT : Four Serato people in this hotel room and not one of us can figure out how to work the iPod dock.
25 Kentucky Elite vs.
1 Dunk Dog Elite first game of Georgia Stars Classic Saturday!
Big time writers/exposure around!
Hi, Would you be willing to exchange links with us?
let me know.
Of course, you know, growing up in Michigan I've always been an enormous fan of the Pittsburg Steelers.
Oh SNL.
it'll probably be just simple shooting on the gun.
Enoteca is a great place to have a glass of bubbly and watch the oscars!
Welcome aboard the tweeter train!
A photoshoot.
edchat Also, even if admin.
were effective once, many fail To stay in touch with the classroom.
Everyone cusses these days...
SocialMedia are those wedding vows you wish you said...
Anonymous
because nobody is there ;
Bout 2 have a bitch fit...not even me but...
hey Californians, follow You won't regret it!
:D
Flat tummy ...
I need that ;
I'm a Hobbit lover too.
They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
Had a great time with my family today neverforgetwhereyoucomefrom :
nice shots Matt.
Looking forward to that new album!
Love is not for me.
OMG 208 FOLLOWERS TNX SO MUCH PPL N MY AMAZING FOLLOWERS!!!!!
chicago code 3 im gone ft chas
NW Quilter's Show all this weekend at the Portland Expo Center.
you're probably right but I do love okc bigs vs lakers bigs especially if Bynum or gasol get in foul trouble
I had Milk Duds at an Xmad Party tonight!
Opps.
But they were good!
Deafula is such a good zine!
: sweet!
That was lucky!
Busses suck ...
ugh
Help me get to 500 followers by Christmas.
Blast out to all your friends.
PET film shortage over?
Calling all analysts ...
text me now.
Ever used It's Complicated for a Facebook status?
Tweet me back why for a nonwork related project I'm working on.
We are still negotiating with Shaggy 2 Dope and hope to have him on the side of the CTA buses before the next Dark Carnival.
i miss you dogg...
Need to learn more about RDI relationshipdevelopmentintervention?
We can help.
We have online education.
I love your avi.
Cuteness.
:
Q.
How are men like noodles?
A.
They're always in hot water, they lack taste, and they need dough.
Maud must have taken a vacation.
Missing your style in my life.
What did you learn about putting today?
Student replies I am beast at it!
watched the movie twice, only in our modern age could the STOPKONY message spread take the time and make him famous
Hey Thanks!!
I had a blast doing the Wendy Williams Show!
Thanks for the mention!
The Storm xoxox
What about Chris Gaines?!
Can't wait to get back into the gym
Timing is everything, and everything happens for a reason!
3
I want in.
ESPN is solid with me.
Headed back to work...
REALLY don't wanna go to this staff meeting.
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles?
Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Still can't connect Mac or iPad to wireless at ITC12 so tweeting Josh Jarrett's keynote on phone
It's really hard to tell twins apart....
that's all you can say...
I like pictures because they never change...
they even bring back the memories of people who have changed.
thinking of you girl!!!
Hate the cast line up for Dark Knight 2.
ya'll get a thumbs down!!
wasn't tryna see catwoman just yet, but maybe Johnny Depp as the Riddler
A sound with which I am very familiar .
.
.
Hey How about you call me and we can bump uglies.
I will be the best you ever had.
4144293973
I can agree with that, though I think initially it will surge artificially.
Lovely story.
So what are you working on?
Client just asked why Table based layouts are bad ...
face palm
Sorry inner stillness.
Need more coffee this morning.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I dont need.
You try to be nice till they make u pull out that thang and give them a better understanding.
Hood hooligunz affiliates nigga getitright
jealous I want to go back
I wish she would hurry up so I could clock out
Memorial day sale 11 AM to 2 PM 30 off all regular priced items.
Happy Memorial Day!
I'm going bummy to her metrotech graduation :c oh well.
Why did that have2happen??
Why?
Im staying home for the rest of the day.
Idc what anybody says.
he sucks bro
: lol how would they?
Describing my love for One Direction is like describing the taste of water.
I love them so much, it's impossible.
Big Hugs girls especially Eileen.
I'm sending warm thoughts and prayers your way.
xo
Really need to find apartment in Boston.
Senator Marco Rubio has endorsed Mitt Romney.
Always Be Closing!!
ABC
haha no I wanted to know where my liver was located!!
Shits important 
Spotted, by : man doctorssed as Snape.
Can a nigga see his friends for once?
Yeah he can.
Uhp Early, Stomach hurtn like crazy
Just learned that hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is defined as a fear of long words.
Look it up!
Ha!
One of my best friend's noninternet just finally called me back!
Man, was he up late!
LOL!!!
we are staying in the crappiest and most scary motel ever eeeekkk
Do You Really?
Great to see Jill HurstWahl at CIL!
My 6 year old cousin is teaching me how air bending works.
Insert the 'the more you know' music.
HoeLies 25: I don't remember last night.
Thanks for coming!
love you guys but your short staffing really stresses your servers  guests.
Wine glasses empty for awhile now
M too lazy to get up
Why Less is More: Less Paper in your Law Office saves the expense  time delay of getting docs from close storage.
Less Paper  More Time
Pleasure!
Already enjoying your tweets and looking forward to more.
:
iLikePeopleWho surprise me in the best ways ever!!
:
My body feels like it's been hit by a semi
S/O TO FROM 2CEE OF TRACK HITTERZ..GOT BEATZ 4 YOU MY BOY!!
his name is bryzgalov in this game.
Reading The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart this
Noticed that Lopez was on the TV on mute midway through a hulu show
Joe ...
Joe is ...
WOW!!!
...lmao, There's a difference between being honest and being insulting!
I ...
I can't ..
lol
: Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes  Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes  Real Niggas Hustle For Goals 
no problem:'
Which means I can accomplish nothing
New york city for new years!!!!!!
I'm so excited!
: woo
prolly should reconsider word to shorten.
Attacks by flying black mammals conveys a lil different message than criminal injury
RIP Jim Marshall.
A huge influence on the soundtrack of our lives.
with pleasure lol
GhonimLA: We tend to be braver behind the keyboard.
Wael Ghonim
Why did the boy jump up and down on the letter?He heard that you have to stamp letters or the post office won't send them.
My home studios looking too nice right now.
wish i could stay here all day
and why aren't you?
lol eating late

Barrel aged in your own whiskey barrel?
Do tell!
i have hope now :D
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you have a great week.
How does something so good end up so bad
: nothing much you?
3
Welcome to Greensboro!!
Just got in town, bout to get setup at the hotel then go have dinner with my brother  the fam
How do designers make money when normal people can't afford their clothes, and the privileged receive them for free?
So, I have to say I cheated and had the Private Bin last week when it arrived!
Saved a glass for tonight's
Im tryn to make the goosebumps on your inner thighs show
I appreciate you listing us under the category of sports without bases, any feedback we get helps us do better, thanks again
did i tell u im movin to ohio
Rushing Waters Rainbow Trout from Palmyra WI for feature tonight.
Think
Well the SONGS protesters didn't show.
But the Arts Alive banner vote made banner backers happy.
Story to be posted soon!
wow, small world.
Neat.
What'd you rent?
fiction5 cannery row, sometimes a great notion, gatsby, all the pretty horses, lord of the rings
you were onto something........
i don't know what others are saying to you....
but i don't like it when people seek /Gifts
Bless you!
:
For Robin, Now that you live here in my chest, anywhere we sit is a mountaintop.41507
Watching that halftime interview with Leslie Visser, how cool is Tim Miles?
Colorado State playing its pace in first half for sure.
i been tryna get on there but i cant til summer
because some people are just dumb.
Think liberals.
I think Adam is overstating some things.
The HG didn't 'inspire' me.
I have never aspired to that kind of bad behavior...
oh your magic.
SHIT.
Did not know we had an exam today
yes, I think ima go thursday instead cause I have softball tuesdaay
ok then.
This is surprising.
Shocking actually.
Nice for pico tho  show why / how he got here.
Course he'll prolly get broken now.
can't wait to get to Utah!!
55 days and counting!!!
I need waffles and donuts stat.
aw thanks u too!
have fun cherish those prom moments!
:
Tool?
I'm sure you've got that one already.
Anyway they seem to be available!
yeah some of us have sensitive egos too.
Its hard being a manly man sometimes.
heh.
Let's go San Diego State Aztecs!
is growing up she's getting her first tattoo 
nice piece.
Hope you get to cover the March 3rd event.
haha.
It's almost too appropriate.
i miss you, when r u coming back to the Nap
dark chocolate is good for you say Doctors!
;
please please choose me :
please please please check your DM like asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!!
My bed and this breeze feels So good!!
There's room for 1 more!!
Lol
Buried in work.
I'll be back :
When they know they're your heart, and you're their armor, and you will destroy anyone who tries to harm her.
Denverpolice say one person in custody in incident next to Regis University.
Please just tweet to me instead.
Hello littlelittle!
I heard that segment John and I want to give credit to Marc Burns, the guy I work with who talked to Sly last night...
now dats a beautiful cute sexy smile...
I miss you and :
Agreed.
I have to order  make available books by lots of people I don't agree with, but I too would defend it.
The soul that can speak with its eyes can also kiss with a gaze.
BestSportsRivalry Brady vs his receivers hands.
I'm not eather ha
In a bar less than a mile from my place, with a carry on suitcase.
Because of course ...
sadness omg
Good morning everyone
I can't do a gangster walk.
I'm to..my mom's a therapist.
Mitt Romney has probably never been in a dive bar.
Happy Friday!
So what did you think?
Nice job salvaging a decent finish tonight.
You represented yourself well throughout the entire race.
What are you even talking about ?
I'm confused , you think YOU'RE gona do something ?
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : April 10, 2012
trying to link home  wireless att accounts.
their website really stinks.
it is nothing even close to easy.
i am becoming annoyed
why are you such a freaking lier I mean if you want more followers then just ask Instead saying you have haked his twitter!
Your predicition is whack and Ace like
I'll have the Murk salad.
Also the prime BLVDGNG grilled medium rate
the Producers never received your music to play on the show!!
Oh okay: Just send them in by April 18th :
Just unsubscribed to the last of the 15 or so Vegas resort email marketing lists that I have been receiving since 2003
It's Teacher Appreciation Week!
Who is the teacher you appreciated the most?
Thirdparty hardware and software products that work with Microsoft's new OS will get a sticker that says so.
Rondo bout to go tf off!
At Cafe Scientifique talk at SRI.
Nuclear powers future?
Take a Chicago food tour to get to know your new city more  check out and
haha and it bothers me when Hollywood ending fans love Marianas trench like shut up you don't even know who they are hahaha
Thanks kindly!
hey what's up buddy
WHAT'S BEEN UP?
didnt you get the tweet telling you who i am
OMG!!
I love Monty python!!
Are you one of the knights that say nee?
Lmao!
new FB layout.
pro: timeline shows even more about you!
con: still doesn't prevent you from lying about how awesome you aren't.
i have consistently good experiences with the DC DMV  particularly the G'town branch.
This morning they were so speedy and friendly!
I don't know yet, probably come by tomorrow to see what they talking about since I didn't have time to today.
I'm running a happy hour tonight at Sarajevo Lounge for 200 people that don't know each other yet.
Join us!
I'll be wearing bunny ears.
It's crazy how mfers act towards you.
Always want something but when they don't get it note all of a sudden they dont fuck wit you.
Petty!
Doing nothing today
you're just awesome.
But yeah it's quite entertaining.
Hope to see u soon bud nj  PCA.
had a vision of myself during a journey last night working with herbs in nature.
Morning twitter
hanging out at IAH waiting for London flight.
Pro side.
I have tomorrow off.
Neg side a rich asshole called me an idiot, but then again he's an ass.
So maybe it's a compliment?
Yo the jam session this week felt awesome!
We wanna get  it again maybe write some beats or somethin.
Hit us up next time ur back
there's an idea.
There are deck guys for that.
:
Got all B's!
You don't.
I think that's capitulationist, but you have a right to your opinion.
thank you!
reading some posts to get going for the day and thinking about how much we love him at Fresh ID.
Really, it's almost sinful :D
Wrong, your small, tough and cute!
International Love on the radio:
About to go outside...
after a half of day of sleeping...
Nate has more of a social life than me.
Haircut.
Playdate w/ Logan.
Majesty BDay party.
His Grandma's house.
it's like a juice cleanse for gutter palates.
Cool.
Nice area.
: : cool.
We are over on lake Michigan, by Benton Harbor!
No offense to FSC, but the Timbers radio commentary is far superior with Robbie Earle and John Strong on 95.5 The Game.
try one of my songs/ into jazz?
Oh, and you have to join our Race For The Cure team ;
Compared to the stories I read after last Year's 5 Borough Tour, this actually sounds like an improvement.
I couldn't BELIEVE it was happening...
like watching a natural disaster or the world end in front of your eyes.
naw a house u kno my dad a real estate agent so we tryna work some shit out
Day 4 of fullframe15 ...
So many great int'l themed documentaries , so little time!
Get like me
Tavis Smiley Respect the seal and the high office that President Barack H.
Obama occupys.
I often get tired of having long hair and I haven't had a hair cut since August So it looks like I'm shaving my head tomorrow...
HA!
what's the topic?
do it!
Really lost for words
Ladies and gentlemen, boys WHAT.
ONE DIRECTION IS HERE.?!
He's got notoriously bad taste.
Smh.
Best programming on TV.
I'm happy someone can else is on board.
RT thank you sister, love you!
I know/: hey !
happy birthdaay sister .
i love you  :' ew..
ur old.
;p heheh.
studying fonts in the most boring shit ever
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you think you want, NOT because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve MORE!
Welcoming the UNCA board of directors to Chicago, Illinois on 12/1 for its last business meeting of 2010  safe travels!
If my brother come in my room again to use the bathroom n its one in da hall im gne shot off!!
Smh
Book your Christmas party today!!!!
YaYtks Happiness is free organic BOTOX lol YaY enjoy
thank you for being my 100th follower!
:
Me RT You.
RT What is the oldest word?
Your actions should inspire, your actions should teach, your actions should motivate....That's a true leader
That's funny.
You know its our study, right?
We're the first to link neural ad response to the behavior.
That was the point.
We're so excited that will be on Hollywood From Home on Jan 25th.
Im watching A.N.T Farm right now in celebration!
i need a hair change.
suggestions?
Sweet ride Greyson.
I can see you in one of those one of these days.
You Know She Wrong For That!
StarsDieFeed: I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Oh I looked and it's hilarious!
Fortunately curiosity got the better of me.
Richard Vargas I've taken so many jobs I could not identify with b/c I'm a writer, not a UPS worker or a postal worker
What's your favorite Thread and Sugar beauty service?
Tweet us your answers and tell us why you love them:
first of all Zac is my best friend!
and 2nd you broke up with me.
if we were still together I wouldn't be flirting!
Thks.
RT : We are slow to realize that democracy is a life; and involves continual struggle.
Robert Fightin' Bob La Follette
Just tweeted out an update.
Who are you thinking will bust 4th?
haha Eric's grandparents live up there!
lol :D tiny little town!
Funny, that's what I was thinking.
Where does the time go?!?!
God is love !
Thank you Congressman Blumenauer for adding your name to the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act!
a million things run through my mind, you aint gotta be in jail to be doin time Np TIME GOES BY
thanks!
We love the neighborhood too.
Stoked about my Aggies finally gathering some attention again.
Whoop!!!!
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are.
Arnold H.
Glasgow
Going to the Marlins game today :D
This ratchet girl had the nerve to ask me if she was ratchet....
I said yes, your ratchet af'.
Had to tell her the truth.
: RT : Proud to be named the first Sultan of Smack for 2011 on Great way to start the year!
yo ed can yu slide me some beat vans
thanks for the mention!
Have a KickAss weekend!
Parents are the biggest cockblocks.
Sleepy doctorve home from work...
I'm a Hobbit reader too.
They're also producing a production of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
BOOM BIIT'CHESS
Matt Kemp v.
Stephen Strasburg.
This is what we get League Pass/MLB.tv for.
OMFG I LOVE YOU, fucking ahmen.
I think I have the right to say what I feel don't I?
And thanks 3
I look forward to my unit testing discussion meeting all week, and this week it's canceled!
At least I have sqlsat118 on Saturday
Watch The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor and Pittsburgh native Gene A.
Pietragallo tomorrow morning on KDKA Pittsburgh Today Live
west west west west west west west west west west west go west even tho i am from the...Hehe team west!!!!
Guess Imma play my guitar for lack of better things to do....
Really hoping I'm not coming down w/everyone else's colds, but the space where my tonsils used to be tell me otherwise.
Where's my zinc!
: I think it's cool that you help to empower others!
thanks Joel!
Oooow Get E'm High  went in on the Kanye beat.
HeScores!
Good morning beautiful people!
RT : After much thought, I've decided to vote YES on the SAG/AFTRA merger.
We are stronger together than we are apart....
Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea?
Nothing!
Donald Gardner
Are you in the show tonight?
Please say yes.
TEAM INDIA....
SEHWAG doctorPPED for next SERIES...
SometimesIWonder what you see in me.
I love this show RT : HBO renews Treme for a third season.
Are you watching this series?
I don't understand...
Hope everyone had a great holiday : Looking forward to celebrating the season with a few of you at MSG this week!
Need a set of ground rules that users don't have to think about.
People can look this up, but not necessary
You can't be ugly and play hard to get.
It just doesn't work that way.
You're already hard to want.
We hit the 100 mark for LIKES!
Woot Woot!
Tell your friends.
Everything going smoothly.
I used some of the old pen work mosaic patterns and a new pattern emerged.
You've taken such good care of your shoes, I don't think anyone could ever fill them.
We appreciate it.
I mean, even I know you don't throw a low bounce pass to a big man...
What event are people doing today?
Thank you so much!
We've got some fun plans on the roadmap.
Are people on them like they were the concords?
If the people in horror movies would listen to me, They'd still be alive right now
I have used peroxide  baking soda my whole life to keep my teeth white with NO problems.
Very very safe and cost effective!
Hilarious.
RT : If Cro is on Marshall, Revis better be on Mark Duper.
Almost 2am and is on the floor searching for zayns follwers determined for him to follower her?!
xmas colors are very bold!
hah and yeah no problem!
Everyone knows you're awesome already, I just wanna make you awesomeER!
haha
And mars and earth makes 4.
NEU The Writing Center is hiring Peer Writing Consultants for spring.
Great opportunity for those interested in writing, teaching
great music, doctornks, n ppl
YouCuteAndAllBut your personality ...
SUCKS!!
EVERYBODY GO AND VOTE FOR IN THE NEXT BIG THING CONTEST AGAINST 1D!!!!!
Austin all the way!!
::::::
congrats omg 1 cop daughter!
and to you as well
Brrr!
Chilly morning in the Mile High City Denver Time to bundle up, take the dog out  get the busy day started!
Cleaning, cleaning, cleaning ugh!!!
My homemade chili lunch  your sauerkraut.
ThanKs for picking up that question
You can be fat  fabulous beauty is with in  out...love yourself dont mistreat yourself :
thanks for the shout out!
, we do hope you can come by!
There need to be more men in the world named Bunny.
Thanks Happy Sunday 2U2
Its almost game time.
skybluefc and magicjack.
Let's go sky
It's too hot in the car, but it's too cold outside to roll down the window.
Surprise guest at tonight's fiction fest!
See who at 8pm, Orpheum.
Do you realize that if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
FF some talented people to follow in
I must've spent an hour on the phone with him a few weeks back.
We had never met prior.
He is great.
bangin out another session at with a mixing class scheduled in the writingroom with
Thank u
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Forgiveness releases your heart and mind from the stranglehold of anger, hurt, and other toxic emotions.
I think so, but the big cities are tough.
Something tells me Chicago would turn out for this one.
pssst!
Divided USA ;
you know, lasse gjertsen is norwegian, just like me :D i love you
The 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival Artist Lineup  Now Feat.
WALE!!!!
thanks for the follow, great picture,
hahahah do you remember me from before
Salutations and whatnot!
Said the Cheshire cat: We're all mad here.
That was a fun interview you did on
I wanna go for a walk
Had a good run and such a beautiful day hoping it will last!
Lol not that i ever read Manthing, but i do remember Fangoria cover this movie when it was hitting DVD.
Any good?
Snow, snow go away, pls don't come back ever unless u close the gov!
Good day.
Above the clouds on a plane headed for Sin City.
Equal parts work and pleasure for 7 days.
Hi.
I want you to play on warped tour.
:
send the G6 you've been promising me and you've got yourself a deal!
If someone uses life's too short as a means to get you to do something stupid with them, know that that's probably true for them.
great show last night, fellers.
Juana: I'm here to support those fighting against 287g, what happened to me is a result of this program.
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I can't stand when people wear snapbacks and adjust them to the tightest fit, and that long plastic thing just sticks out
unfortunately, some kids talk that way now.
Go in a high school and you will hear white people call each other that.
My motto: When in doubt, write it out.
Reichman: copyright and database protection laws much greater upstream threat to progress of science than gene patents,etc
Rise and Grind PPl!!!
Have a productive day PPl, A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE!!
TEAM GIFTED MINDS!
We want to celebrate alumni in PhxFocus.
Email your mostrecent accomplishments to .
Somebody is getting nervous Lol.
Watching a movie on a Saturday afternoon on my iMac.
What to do for tonight?
What to do?
my sunday night consisted of The Simpsons, vodka, and Mad Men...
i'd say a good night!
You know  what you visualize and speak will become reality.
imlivingproof .
Great news today!!!!!!!!
if happy ever afters did existt.
: DJ DUB Locks late night At Ohmstead Music Festival Aug.
27th Silent Disco with Juan Cosby and of 
Been a crazy couple of days lol
You go girl!
LMFAO is going to be great!
oh, and my daughter's solo is to Concrete Angel by Martina McBride, so country is not out of the question.
Got that season ticket in the for this season!!!
So stoked.
About GreenTechUpgrade greentechupgrade.com GreenTechUpgrade is a sales and marketing consulting agency
does anyone know details on how OGL overlaps with Creative Commons license?
if so, please contact me!
thx
6154963044FANS in j'ville,this  belongs to 'Tony'He keeps dismissing my attempts to perform at the cafe!
wow awesome site!
thanks so much!
i will def.
use and also link to our faculty wiki
20thingsaboutme I would die if I didnt have eminem to listen to
where do women like yu reside?
i cant find any where im from
Hey you want a 'Battle'?
Challege the crazy KPOP fangirls.
I DARE YOU.
Cassiopeia  ELF  VIPS  SHAWOLS UNITE
that's so awesome.
congrats.
AUDITION: Stanley Steamer
QT : as long as I can keep going with ...I'll be gstring bikini ready by June.lol.!!
Dear North Carolina, you can still marry your cousin though right?
Take a bow XOMBI No2!
You're the reason I now know what a WIMPLE is.
AND you feature a dope cover.
Hope you like prison food...and penis!
Pure luck my friend!
RT My cab doctorver keeps farting.
Get me out of this moving Dutch oven.
startingthenightoffright
I'm somewhat amazed that Ryan Braun is hitting .313 with 10 HR  he has little to no protection.
I have my calendar on too many devices.
Reminder notices make my place sound like Doc Brown's array of clocks.
Haha, yes!
Hard to take a bad photo of food.
Congrats!
We had a blast.
1D made history and there trending worldwide with two diff.
Hash tag :D go 1D!!!!
It's official: Joel Przybilla is a Trail Blazer again.
Blazers waive Armon Johnson to make room.
likes to blame the elitist media for focusing on the clear attack on women's health, but it's his party that began the assault
Now in second period of game six?
Especially with all of this music now days!
Clearly artists are just out to make money, no thought to it.
RT : Now we bout to check out REDTails!
The movie theatre is like a Morehouse vs Tuskegee classic up in here!
RT : RT : RT : Happy Anniversary  Anita Perry!
Here's to many more.
We're so good at baseball...lol just kidding we're the baltimore orioles.
Today's businesses need to recognize that customer loyalty goes a long way.
Come  party with me, MOJO BOYZ  DJ SKKI!
With a host of other Folk's!
MARQUISE TREVON WILSON'S BIRTHDAY BASH.
Request me on Facebook!
Morning World :
Local Jobs Positions open in your area.
Hiring immediately  Apply Here.
chillin hoopin and working out.
how yall season went?
Damn, these are some bomb ass noodles.
Dey hot too!
FAT!
Busy, busy, busy!
Tomorrow Chef Hiran Patel of Klay Oven Kitchen will be holding a morning cooking class.
Come by and learn about Indian cuisine!
Don't think he's untouchable by any means, but it would take a lot to get him.
Find people to connect with in any way
Thanks to I'm hooked on AAP Rocky!!!
Goldie on repeat :D
ayo mister Porter follow me?
please man
Arlencia, I Like That
LOL wanna go to the mall later?
I will reply as soon as the lady picks up her little girl.
Until then I can not sit more than 5 minutes.
Gift was pretty cool for 1 tix
i WiSH YOU WOULD TAKE SOMEBODY ELSE..FiRST OF ALL HOW THE HELL YOU GONE GET THERE?..YOU PETTY AS HELL FOR THAT ONE...
My day: Sioux Falls to Fargo, 30 min meeting, back to Sioux Falls.
Ran out of gas in the middle nowhere.
Phone died.
Yeah.
I'm so addicted.
RT pinterest doctorves me insane
You have the swag of rick morranis
go away.lol
In need of a good project management system
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
the snow is so pretty XD
The awesome thrash spanish is called molotov if anyone's interested.
I couldn't tell you how many times a day I listen to Under Soil And Dirt.
ahh now that's gaarrrbage I tell you !
Lol we gon remain like this II!
What are your thoughts about Newt Gingrich comments about poor childoctorn in the recent news?
Let us know, call in to 713.652.5080
Welcome to our newest volunteers!
I anticipate volunteering w/ you
hope all goes well with your wife.
Hopefully the Brewers will have a new Axford as closer in about 20 years
Bring your love baby I can bring the shame.
Bring the doctorgs baby I can bring my pain.
Why can't Jackie be an idol?
Why do we have to be stuck with the Liu who is a derpface troll?
webinars attendees are typically women
I'm having a really hard time getting over you.
The worst part is that I never even dated you.
Thank you!
Nice professorle picture ; 
I'm sorry u couldn't
Now I'm waiting for the backlash/uproar for being the guy who caused to shut down twitter!
Welcome new followers!

Gotta love the time changes!
:P
Hear us poke fun at Baltimore's hyperlocal news racket, in MidAtatlantic region's funniest podcast, the Inverse Delirium!
Havent been on here in forever
Happy Friday Everyone!
We have Souvenir Duvel Glasses, great for Holiday Gifts!
oh damn, you caught my sub tweet...
awkward, wait no it's not!
no Hoff reference necessary
the Miami one, those kids aren't even their real competition team.
That girl Sammy doesn't even go there anymore.
That
how can I find an old school Loveland Map?
Need a wedding gift for a special couple who got engaged  the top of lift 8.
i did
Onto M and A panel
Just finished working out.
It's about 90 outside and even hotter in here.
Think I'll go do more yard work now and sweat off more pounds!
Plz follow me pit I love u DALE!!!!!!:
Commence 8 hour day of testing...
That last RT 
This Dunkin Donuts is showing doctorgon Ball Z.
yes really aunt Toni they want it all lol
First.
Having a revenue model does not automatically imply enterprise.
It is people trying to innovate without selling out users.
Tweet me and I'll tell you what I think about you?
:
4/13 on PBS: premieres Season 6.
Beautiful and important short films on contemporary artists to watch, learn, and support.
of course.
It's probably the same as iPad 3 but with 1 or 2 changes
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
thank u mama
Pay attention to your cabbie and the road, not to serfdom!
RT : Right to be a serf.
and then they turn into Brett Favre.
and everyoneeven former fans start to hate them
The works of Epicurus and Lucretius are saved in this Name of the Roselike story about a 15th century scholar.
The Swerve,
and you still haven't started?
SURF REPORT: 4/11/11 Pacific Beach 23 ft knee to waist high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 60F
Learn to create opportunity for yourself.
Don't wait on others.
It's you that you must face in the mirror at the end of the day.
Congrats!
How exciting :
Happy Fat Tuesday!
It looked like there was quite the crowd at The Parish!
Thanks Deb!
Feeling must better as the day went on
Happy Easter
CDMA will not last!
Oh fuck, you weren't playing!
IIIMMMMM WEE CANT NOBODY SEE MEE IN C.O.D when a niigga feelin good  AYEE BOI !
Evacuate Manhattan?
Everyone needs to CALM THE FUCK DOWN!!
Tomorrow we will witness losing streak end against Sporting KC from !
It should be fun and UFCfan crowded!
Somtimes I really hate that I'm extremely hormone doctorven!!

YOU KILLED IT  FUCK A HATER CHRIS BROWN ALL DAY
Same..
there's almost an embarrassment of riches thing going on..
I'm not really sure what to try with the data..
he came last year
Now your just somebody that I used to know
Born in OHIO, But im a PA Boy till the Death of me
Jacked for the first baseball game of the season tomorrow night!!!
Thanks a bunch, Bonnie!// : Happy Birthday Idee!
Enjoy your day.
:
Good day.
Came home  went outside to tan  reading my new Justin bieber magazine 
So heated.
one for one.
Beautiful, wonderful organized happy chaos!
So what does Josh Hamilton have to do with gay marriage?
aren't our summers always crazy?!!!
Late night new follower shout outs!
Celebrating college success stories from the past year.
Our students have been accepted to: Sweet Briar, Georgia Tech...
Working on anything fun?
Are you making the most out of whats left of your summer?
I hope I don't meet a good divorce attorney at this kids birthday party that my hubby refuses to go with me to...
Cause I can't afford one
already do, how about you follow me  killahmjay :D
where are you?
.
And I'd add 's WRITE LIKE THIS.
are you following ?
Amazing string quartet!
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you.
But when you're single, nothing..
Eating chicken wings for lunch  hiding in my cube.
lol dont let it fool you, I'm beautiful lol
do they have iPhone cases?
I really really want one.
Haha
u always looked sexy in that catsuit.
th best thing about that suit is you delicious booty.
Not currently but if we ever need to outsource for a freelancer I will make sure to post something here on Twitter
thats what I thought : is it?
Because if it's not 12:12 then obviously thats why my wish hasn't came true!
The more public i am, the harder i have to strive to remain brave.
Half day today :
I need a gig this weekend!!!!!
What is football?
Why am I watching sports??
I thought the original was 50?
I went slightly under that.
Free is my favorite kind of makeup :
when are you returning to the homeland?
The rest of the interview is very good too, just not in the same painful/funny way.
Best for last!
U should check out SAALT!
South Asian Americans Leading Together.
15 of us just finished up a Youth Leadership Conf with thm!
Mariners haven't scored a run in 23 innings.
.
.
Rough, losing exciting about home opener
Cincinnati what about Chicago
Good call on the overturn.
Why you over there looking at me while my girl standing here?
I'm crossing fingers for good news today.
: Gemini's are very popular and well liked by everyone and everything.
Goodbye soon Verizon wireless.
Getting rid of my unlimited data and I'm going back to ATT.
Deliciously true.
Happy weekend :
Many companies use repeat advertisements repeating the product name many times in hope the audience recognises it and take it in.
This last paragraph needs more sweet, delicious nectar.
This place is amazing!
Community Calendar
They chose the Easy Button.
Commin from the girl who complains when I don't :
lol ehhhh if you say so
A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never quite sure.
Lee Segall
doctorving on 40...we left at 1030  what do u want to do?
Sonic for lunch.
I've missed this place.
I didn't DIE!
Jesus Christ!
I'm still here girl!
And now I have ALL the time in the world, so get ready for my daily emails
lokos don't have caffeine in them anymore silly??
Fuck joining a gym.
I got one right here at the apartment.
It look like a miniature LA Fitness in there
that's wassup....when/where is the contest
I would like to personally thank the Lord Jesus Christ for ending this Tim Tebow BS.
Oh boy!
Go follow to hear the HUGE news!
You would...
educomm digitalbrand translating your brand into a powerful online presence
Y'all are def gunna hit it then.
Haha
Liahona  Ancient GPS.
Iron Rod  Navigation Device Book of Mormon  SmartPhone.
Logged in to candidate for LPC VP James Morton's virtual townhall call last night.
A thoughtful discussion.
your in the palm of my wave.
Finally Back....
Missed one whole day from Twitter...
I feel like I have missed everything
You bring up a really good point as I think more affordable housing options should be out there 4 all.
Save the date: Our May General Body Meeting will take place on 5/24 at 6:45pm at NPR.
on premise of : that it should be fun, encourage collaboration and collegiality
How sweet that she'll likely be trickortreating in the same neighborhood her mom did!!!
Between the Lakers and Heat fans they always have so many excuses ..
this is truly heartbreaking
Fabulous BBQ dinner at the Zeckovich mansion!
Even my dad ate his steak w' no additives.
I impress myself even!
a CAPS Bench model can do that for the birds on RhinoTech facebook site.
ex.
San Francisco...the Lemon Sharing captainal of the world meh.
We need a really awesome title for the winning city.
does it have lecture/discussion captainre for asynchronous folk?
True!
: RT : Three little words that can really change the world: I need you.
:
Faith is dead if it is not acted upon.
Open up your hearts for Christ!
how do you get a Bill Cosby mold?
;
: To All the people who went to today that don't go all the time..
make it habit!
I'm looking for ppl willing to talk on flipcam  why its impor for sch lib to join or go to ala
yea, i watched rock of love too.
even the specials...lol
i regret going to that party lastnight .
The SuperDome is too big a venue for basketball in my opinion.
Really, its just that the show takes a pretty long time to produce.
I just want to start focusing in other things.
Fav new song Glad You Came !
3
evrybody needs to follow because shes sexy and she knows it.
jk shes watching me type this.
and i have to be nice.
jk :P
; i put Willie : how many guests ?
you can come at anytime
You better 333333 :
Making final preparations for our big event on May 4th,5th,6th!!
Get ready for the Oregon Trail Rally!
thanks for the input!
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us.
Parks Cousins
O I'm Such A Jelly Fish Right Now!
You Luckkyyy Gurlll But At Least You Got A Picture With Them!!!
: I've listened to Tesla for like 3 hours straight That must mean you are all Tesla coiled up.
what you up to
Great chat once again!
See you all next week!!
:
Good luck with that
I love you because we hate the same stuff
Can u fill me in?
If this is next week, I'll be at the Amer Ethnohist Soc annual meeting in Pasadena.
The silence isn't so bad, til I look at my hands and feel sad, cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly
Los Angeles would benefit from another riot just because we could redecorate and fix a few pot holes and get rid of some graffiti.
A5 If I see a job in my network that would be a fit for a friend, I often ask that friend if they'd like an intro
is today your birthday?
It is also my son's birthday!
Wake up n do this take home part of my final
it was all up and down the east coast...
New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia...
It was crazy.
likes baseball, movies, good clothes, fast cars, and you.
What else you need to know?
I love when I 3bet pre and get called by Q5.
It's pretty awesome.
totally agree.
Which one are you going to try first?
Excellent lgbtleaders conf and Campaign Board mtgs.
Tks to the staff.
Energized and returning home to elect LGBT candidates.
Partially functional/ half of me is comfortable/ the other half is close to the Cliff, like mister.
Huxtable
No Remorse, No Regret.
.
.
What is Hunger Games?
Is it like the Olympics for Supermodels?
Why u trying to play fire with fire ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY D
The walking dead Zombies
yawn?
are you serious?
that album is hot RT : 2 songs in to nicki minaj's album
Finally the world acknowledges database builders as rock stars....next thing you will tell me is the EU crumbling
Yo Congrats on the fight sunn!!
You down to hear some new Hip hop knowledge and Wisdom based??
I would like to thank the states of OH, KY  TN for treating us like real lady strippers today.
You made it rain on us the entire doctorve.
Omg I feel horrible.
Maybe if i keep bitchin they'll let me leave w
awww brand thanks for making me smile :D
Ready to get this boxing show on the road!
Let's rock!
dc dmv  ms
i Dont need a phone .
I don't fuck with that cereal dust at the bottom of the bag.
nancy, thanks so much!
yes please homie..user name?
Davidson: questioning the myth of monotasking, questioning the newness of distraction!
Good morning everyone.
I'm enjoying the solitude of being the only one awake in my household...not counting the cats.
Going to lunch !!!!!, I'm not hungry I'm just going to sit at the table alone :
Damn might leave NYK he better not hes cold and he's my favorite player on my favorite team the duo JR and Melo!
Ashfield, of course.
I love that particular waterfall!
Touché.
If you are secretly the man who made the Pirates of the Caribbean theme...
You'd be at least 78 times cooler.
It wasn't as extreme when I was a kid, but the 'derp forgot her lunchmoney' lunch was so gross, it was a great motivator.
i haven't watched yet!!!
10 but i need to be out by 9 /: you kno where is?
thank you.
we need more
Have a peaceful, relaxing evening.
making a kissy face
Thanks sweetheart 3 your the best!
Delaware and Lindenwood underway...
hahahaha, I know!
SUCH a good laugh :
So many anhkc events this weekend to choose from and so little time.
your grass roots culture is pretty BA dudes
that's so tru 4 me too
Don't miss this special presentation of Dear Child on Thursday, Dec.
16, 2011!!!
Terribly disappointed that shot clock was not approved for high school basketball today.
If everyone played same amount of games, home and away, and comparable SOS, there would be no debate at the end.
A little afternoon barrel tasting of our '09 California Pinot Noir.
Almost ready to be bottled and doctornking wonderfully!
I love Facebook Timeline  I'd love it more if it came with a Beast of my own!
sure she can.
she's gotten mixed up with the wrong sorts of kids since she's been following the dead on tour.
That is great news!
MT : We're back!
We are tabling in the CSU Monday from 111.
Stop by for ProChoice goodies!
GMAT studying to the sounds of Tony Bennett, my favorite ItalianAmerican.
Happy Columbus Day!
Now, I'm on board.
And if we have leftover lumber, maybe we can finally build that Tweet Deck we've all talked about so much?
SNAP, TEFAP, CSFP, HFFI, WIC Alphabet Soup!
Bob's Burgers on Fox never interested me...
until they named a food truck Genghis Flan.
Happy Birthday Robert Pattison!!
Really loving cover of 'We Are Young'
how dare you!!
Trifling while I'm in class....
Rude.
nothing quite like a random doctornk lady shouting in your ear.
At least it was in time to the music.
It's hard to offend someone who walks in forgiveness.
Through 18, NY Choi sits on top the leader board at 6.
With one hole left G.
Park is at 4.
2010 champ Ai Miyazato is T12 at 1
Can I hear Beyonce Bring the Beat In please, mister DJ?
Thar just happened.
I talked all dat sht about dat man he looked out for me!
SMH
I hate when a female question me like man off my sack.
Great visit this morning!
Loving having them in the neighborhood!
Roxanne is great and taking Tonk in a couple weeks.
TrueUberFact RT : Listening to music helps keeps minds active and memories alive.
Dapper Dipper on Blue Cheese Bread from easily the best sandwich I've ever had.
Woke up with massive headache
I been hating on him since day 1.
Congrats to for the full page in today's !
can't live without AdBlock Plus and Delicious addons.
put cheese on everything ice cream if u have to...well....maybe not ice cream
Aye bitch try this
Storm spotters are confirming tornadoes on the ground once again near Dallas, TX.
Hadn't read tons of NSR, but I had a positive enough impression from other pieces to be sad to find out she did this.
cool, let me know where it is..ill actually be there ;
It's better to feel like shit/hungover on company time than your own time..happy hump day
I know!
This is fun!
I wish I could figure out tweet deck now!
REJOICECanadian Scholarship Presentations this Sunday!
hey my beautiful wife I love you so much 
What if you work graveyards and didn't wake up until now!?
Don't worryOur lunch special goes till 4pm!!
5 Pastrami Sndwch 
i slept already so im fucked :C
Seriously..
Waking up to my neighbors screaming for the third day in a row 
can i be your beach wife?
; haha
Celebrating ColumbusDay by going to work...like I do every Monday...yeah!!!!
Don't think I'm going bowling...
registration is going well.
People even signed up over weekend for Accessibility Camp DC bit.ly/fWOb8
who all do you know of that has it cuz I have it and I can't find anyone:/
Some people have too much time on their hands, my friend.
good stuff, eh?
i think i borrowed that one from a 6yearold haha
this is a powerful episode and truly enjoying it.
So many golden nuggets.
Thank u
Too bad Wilson is too smart for that.
Why am I still holding on to u......ugh....
Ugh: online chat support is now unavailable for my providerafter waiting 10 minutes.
But 3 sites hosted for 12/mo  should I be happy?
are you repped for speaking?
We have someone interested in hosting you for an event.
Pls DM us if you are interested.
The weather outside may be frightful, but a brisk walk in the cool air really gets the blood flowing in your body.
Snow FenderBender
asdfghjkl; jill from dance moms follows me now..
yay:
S/O TO ALABAMA THE LOVE FOR NO4 IS TRUE.TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft.DMX  DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE
Saverin leaving the country to avoid taxes, Mitt must be his idol, with his millions of dollars offshore to avoid taxes.
You are the best!
Thanks for the RT :
thatawkwardmoment when you don't feel safe leaving your car anywhere but home because you know people are out to get you..
lmfao
Do people still use the term Guinea?
That was a derogatory term for Italians when I was a kid.
Work/Life balance is a horrible term.
Stop using it.
It implies an invisible fulcrum which shifts dynamically.
If one side is great...QED
Y is it everyone else who interviews talks about the pins and the greens etc...
And PHIL just talks about himself..
Cont
its like chocolate peanut butter without the peanut taste its amazing.
that was jose.
Thanks to all who came to our show last night at Largo!
You were a beautiful crowd :
was I one of the first 5?!
Finally going to learn how to lift heavy things tomorrow thanks to !
I'll be writing about great social media campaigns for wbnamerica.
What publishers  authors are rocking it today?
Scratch that.
I love she feeds me:
ok ok, I accept the compliment.
And you don't look like every other Asian, sheesh
Bloody Marys and nachos  sunday!!!!!
Happy Hour all day!!!!!
That cookies and cream were so good :P
Y'all talking about good morning?
LOLOL I HAVEN'T SLEPT YET!
Getting paid to play with my phone.
Made it to 575 likes on FB.
Now we just need that many followers on Twitter.
Actually how about that many folks at a show?
Better.
For someone who is terrified of frogs, this episode of duckdynasty is torture.
Aside from the normal amt.
Agreed.
Just like NFLs problem with Goodell solely making calls, Shanahan shouldn't be endall, beall.
Discipline by committee.
Sitting in Miami traffic with my dad.
ohmahgahh i feel like i've been living under a rock broo
Do the D.A.N.C.E.
1234 fight
follow me so i can dm u back!
And figure this out!
Who shall get an ass kicking ?
Pittsburgh, Boston or Tampon Bay?
Only a few more days to stop in at your local ParadigmGardens and get 15 off ProMix Soil and 10 off on
You can check out our granite displays as well
As much as I don't like Nicki minaj, I can't resort to calling her a whore just because I dislike her music  content
Congrats, but if you plan to work after college, chances are that will include 9am on Fridays.
revisiting the LemonRed Mix Series this morning, almost 7 years later remains an awesome run of blog mixes
hey, I just arrived at dcdh.
where are you guys?
In my bed.
its god :
When you take that first step you don't know what ur getting into.then the success starts pouring in.Then you know you did what you had to.
I think more could be done there.
threaded convos in gmail helps, but I think there could be much improvement
Yep.
Unanimous decision.
I was the happiest when there was a Me and You.
I knew I shouldn't have fallen asleep at 7:30pm.
Jeez,
yea its feast or famine you know lol right now I'm gobbling up all I can get.
What are you working on now?
jamming to boyz to men
It's good to have you back...I miss everything :
you're welcome!
consider it a virtual cupcake!
Long digression by Gary Price on problems with Google  company that's lost it's focus and is now too diffuse
but I replied.
I guess i just had to hear it from him to fully accept it...I'm so glad, I've hav'nt been this happy in a while...
When someone tells you that you cant do something you just turn around and say watch me
Basically, Metro is realizing that the system isn't new anymore, and maintenance has to be continual.
Wow, glad to be on the outside looking in for once.
To me he a lover to him he a killa !!
Wezzyfbaby !
Oh man, I would LOVE to be a part of this!
You are more than welcome!
RT : I'm not even invested in idol anymore.
But I'll say this: Joshua Ledet MUST.
WIN.
That boy can sing his natural ass off.
be more specific of what your going to do
Never have I ever fell asleep after doctornking too much mommy juice.
In this place that we live In the blink of an eye babe, the darkness slips in Love lights the world Unites the lovers for eternity
what??
uhm no....
of course not Wtf
The worst aspect of the walled garden is it seeks to replace many small pieces loosely joined with tightly coupled systems.
love that place, what are you doing in my stomping grounds :
that's all the things you do to me JACKASS ask she know.
It appears a trip to Midway Atoll is in my future.
Ugh.
Just deleted three tweets because they make me seem confused and bitter.
Beware the Ides of March!
Honoring Life, Honoring Death
If you already have a FREE PHONE, don't be greedy and apply for a second phone, when you aint doing nothing with the first one.
JOB SEARCH
Good point; institutional change in HE sector is risk factor?
MT : Fedora isn't the preservation system, our institutions are.
Good Morning Everybody!
: Hope Everyone Has A Good Day 
thanks for the mention!
awesome InfoGraphic.
I just pinned it!!
:
Zayn wishes he had prescription glasses because he likes the big nerdy glasses.
Florence and the Machine is a go!
Look for some great music coverage next week.
She said dont preach to me, nigga hold up..
Presents: Only The Hits Online Radio Show Tonight  7PM Sharp.
Spread The Word And Tell Your Friends And Make Sure You Tune In!
I am the real mister Steal Yo Girl my nigga....
Health is worth more than learning.
Thank god I grew up in a family that can cook and more importantly that taught me how to cook!
Future of Academic libraries in Magnolia.
Just finished talking to Tonya Antonucci of the Women's professorssional Soccer league!
thank you friend  great job for Easter Awesome!
i got two weeks to get better at volleyball.
tryouts are gonna be hard.
pumping some while packing up the NYC apartment.
then long island for pesach!
HAPPY PASSOVER!
Black Nite Ize Wide Universal Clip Case Holster Plus for ...
go ahead.
How are you doing?
Can Karma be cleansed?
Is it possible to have a new fresh start?
Releasing all my negatives and even my wrongs?
Would love some feedback.
Oldie but goodie.
I'm surprised that they haven't turned off the water seeing how cold it is!
OH at the pond show: yo, where's tame impala??
Telling Gene in a car to crash into a bridge embankment and not walk away was TERRIBLE!
Come on .
is a baby and has 200,000 followers.
Um, okay.
After an infusion of food and caffeine, we're back to discussing RDA and cataloging matters.
Afternoon: all about authorities.
Why can't I just be a stripper?
Fuck school get money!
Double w00t!
RT : w00t!
MT : Twitter is opening an office in Detroit  Facebook is buying Instagram.
Big day!
Great Job!!
You see me
someone text me.
:D
Just spent the morning cleaning the house.
Happy mothers day to me
There's no such thing as low budget in the porn world.
It's called amateur
thank you I will be there soon.
interaction is the goal for twitter 
Excited to play this friday.
So amped!!
Gonna doctorp some sicck tunes :
you have lots great and interesting information.
It aint never no one I know in Chipotle that I can cut.
FML.
So pumped up to get this trash talking week going I woke up at 6am to do Mason in the Morning on
We're going to be swimming in babies and money
Thanks!
You are too.
XD
kicked as soon as we got here
Spending a nice birthday with family and friends
I wonder how gaming is like educational reform?
Gamers spend hours working through the stages and levels of progression...
Opportunity starts on Monday!
Go get it!!
Have a great week!
nigga I doctorpped outta school cuz they had recess and I don't play games
I have to go and and get my passport today.
But I don't want to get up.
Somebody get me on a lane home...
Wyf is this shit
I Hope Kurt And Blaine!
Why do things have to be so confusing?
Bomb!
Unicorn is open for lunch !
12noon starting tomorrow!
Get there!
oh balls.
It's James Brown come back as Dancing in the Streets!
Love it and the wig!
Just checked out offLabel at TFF fantastic doc from the directors of
Good, isn't good enough
:/ What can I do to help you for that?
Thanks!
Its one of our favorites!
I've been expecting a knock at the door for months.
I'm 1.
Christian 2.
TCOT 3.
Constitutional Construc.
4.
Verbal
Some guy said I wear as much makeup as a clown so I'm under his bed with a knife.
That's what clowns do, right?
Asik with the block!
will be in Shirlington today at Campbell Ave  Quincy!
If I could take a time machine to any day in history, I'd go straight to this year's Suck it, Renaissance Era.
nope.
I'm sure Mik is tho
AH my favorite
Thank you for your business.
Please let us know how we can improve our service.
NEW MERCH FOR SALE!
GET INTO IT!
Thanks!!!
I looked for you on Skype yesterday at Carla's house but you weren't on...We painted a mural in the baby's room!
Whatever kathy ;
Can't wait for Lisa Goes Gaga
Buying new tires is a crappy job!
everyone please follow my talented buddy  she is very sweet, nice, and cool
Actors, come from your soul and you will awaken another's.
You are a retard!
live with that.
I miss you bud :/
man she aint gonna do nothin but fuck you over too
Kate Freer is a fucking genius.
Come see our installation on Saturday!
Welp...
Once again waiting for the second service to start...
Im rly bored and wish someone would talk to me.....
Thanks for the mention!
We love the article.
I see Nashville Fashion Week is next week!
Who's going?
Is straight w/o friends!
Family  sex w/ my man is what and who I need!
What are some Indie Slang words that musicians use?
Can you define them?
It takespower to keep the weight off my shoulder.
Nothing like college kid doctornken induced random vandalism on the East Side of Milwaukee.
Fucking assholes.
No cat, you cannot has my tater tots!
pouts and protectively hovers over food
Cool!
I'm going to try it out on a site that I'm working on.
I like the flexibility that it offers compared to AT Commerce.
Great, now zombie Jason is after you
Dude, you're just messing with us now, no?!?
mister THE ALTUVE!
If you want Weeks in, put him in your misc/DH slot...
It's the goddam Twins for crissake.
just
Saturday craze tonight with 
I shall stop you immediately!
I'm really surprised there are currently no anglophones at the Académie Française...
headed to mad dogs/ bad dogs in Lincoln square.
Come hang.
well aren't we just so lucky lol
Just booked my flight to Minneapolis for mom's BDay.
Minneapolis May 1114 and South Dakota May 1516.
I hope it doesn't snow...
the carson daly show is so boring, but i can't stop watching it...
so, if the terrorists get acquitted, do they get set free?
And if there's NON CHANCE of that, then its a show trial and silly.
And naive.
Indian doctorg giant Cipla slashes cancer doctorg prices
The Nomu Lounge in Bellevue is closed tonight for a private party.
Sorry for the inconvienence!
np thank you too:
I got a Verizon iPhone 4 for sale...
Im asking 1.2 million, but for u....
A millski even will suffice LoL
I am going to start brewingkombucha at home.
Any tips, warnings or fave recipes?
5 am is never a good time.
We had classes this AM and couldn't attend your DCCashMob.
Congrats on its success.
why's that
he probably wanted that
It's free week in Austin y'all!
Get out there and support live, local music...XONZ
Class of 2012: More jobs, bigger paychecks
I don't even know you like I use too which is fucked up but I guess it's life......
hell yea man.
Shit u only live once
Pierce a pin through an egg before boiling it; this helps in taking off the egg skin later.
omg hi mya i love u
so when u leavin?
Hey what's up:
seriously, UNC?
a snow day for this, but you didn't cancel classes in january when it was 8 below with 30 mph winds...
Why does this hurt so much??
U know what I mean though.
If LaRussa was managing the Reds they'd be a WS contender.
Our first HYdoctor BhutJolokia!
We've been trying to make these 5 GhostPepper plants flower indoors for almost 6 months!
Bout to hit the pillow
No problem!
We look forward to seeing you next time :
Are you reading PERDIDO STREET STATION now?
It's on my bedside table as next book to read!
I like the challenge oomf lowkey tryna put me up against :
Feeling Blessed, Motivated and Inspired!
Lucroy with a Triple.
Brewers have a Gem at Catcher.
I love the smell of Shakespeare and the lack of smell of Webster in the morning.Let it be a good day.
I hope you have good kim chee to wash it down with
Mad they espn wasted the 6 spot on the top ten plays of wednesday
but I do have this one.
is the glee cast performing at the superbowl!?
Thanks so much!
Nahh, I just left.
Be safe tho bruh...and turn up this summer!
Considering this growing popularity, there are some online photo printing services that allow you to take full control to print them canvas
My granddad bout to doctorp his first mix tape its called Stay Young Or Die Trying
My mom just mailed me 13 baby pictures of myself.
Why...
c: IRISH PEOPLE ftw.
Cool Ill send um in a sec :
Are you ready for the holiday shopping?
I will have some great reference points on how to watch out for
Hello fellow alumna!
Do you design for them all the time or is this a one time deal?
Riding the 1st mile of railroad in the US.
What would the builders of this thought of 6hr flights to California and the TSA putdowns?
will do, thank you
Nothing like making your code work and watching the board we designed operate properly.
:
Trey Burke should be way more selfish.
He's special.
No one else on Michigan is.
Northbound lincoln has reopened.
lol!
Ur right.
And I know that all too well.
Fact: 02/14 is Judgment Day for fitness new years resolutions.
alright will do :
I have 800 followers...
How many will follow ?
He's hilarious!
21 Jump Street!!
Give me all the you have.
She's impervious......
Or I have no game....
I'd say a little of both.
Volunteerdoctorven Criminal Justice Alternative to Arrest, Probation, or Incarceration is CAP  Community Acceptance Program
I'd rather flat out beat their ass, than win on a technicality.
a new icon?
My mom is following me on twitter...
So, I assume if the ever completes the trilogy with Naqoyqatsi, you'll be in those higherup seats?
I wish I was a stronger woman and wasn't so emotional about things.
are u going to the guam beauty event?
Good luck to all those competing in today!
hate makes you so disgusting to look at...
Yuck yuck yuck
yep it just arrived right before I left but if ur going to the parade there will be a trailer on the route  2 tents  AAC
outining my paper on outlining.
how many pages should the outline for an 810 page paper be?
do i remember how to only write 8 pages?
Id be a Mami fan if she was on the field instead
Thanks for the invite :
I simply think mister Lawson's analysis doesn't acurately frame the challenges we face...and his solutions are not helpful
Great job!
RT : Visit a Park WeekFun Fact: With 100 volunteers we built a new playground at Wirth Court Park in just 1 day!
On my way to Los Angeles to give a Genetic Genealogy presentation on Monday night!
double good job to you for confusing me after I confused someone else.
and I can't stop listening to you...
:D
Shut up 
now I think I need a 3rd twitter account: 1 for business, 1 for fun, 1 for making myself look better than I really am.
that is awesome.
I have ideas in case you were wondering, but you probably already knew I have ideas;
Hello Memphis!
Just looked down and see my Ipod is about dead...could be a long afternoon
Applebees  Fancy Dennys
Thanks for the great article!
We really need to move the discussion on boards forward.
It's a critical problem in the industry.
Not happy about being up at 6:45 am on 1 a Saturday and 2 st patricks day to move.
Sigh.
lol Oh see you have to be specific.
Shopped all day for curtains and didn't find nothing.
Anybody know where I can find some more options?
i love it when you give me head...but i hate it when you give me headaches
Read 2day's newsletter w EarTyme piece bout blugrass doc  Steep Canyon Ranger interview from
This white girl said she wanna be exotic and told me to blind fold and tie her up and do what black folks do best.
I said ok then robbed her
settle down everyone: If you are a child of God, You will always be God's.
The fact is : Watch your steps, Satan's Childoctorn are watching us,
I love these.
Now I have new music to listen to at work!
okay cool ..
im just trying to see how much i'll have to pay monthly
Happybirthdaytravisclark Have you heard of ?
They have an awesome ginger like you  have done covers of WTK.
it reminds me of Clarissa Explains It All
4famouswords To Each Your Own
Awesome!
RT : Jerry Sanders, SD Mayor shares his own wellness story of 100 lb weight loss as member betterhealth
Except when the same thing makes you sad, angry or joyful for the 70th time...Then promise, reply and decide!
I doctoramt last night that the end of the world did in fact occur with everything from the white house to the local libraryall blown up Oo
i'm scared lol
u mean u don't want random men to worship u for being asain.
Its not all that creepy..
ok maybe it is
I guess someone didn't pay their light bill!
Its game day!!!
Time for the REAL season to start!!
excited LAKERSBABY!!!
definitely didn't expect the hooded samurai sword wielding person with zombie slaves.
NowPlaying chess w/ a 6 year old
they are usually cheap

lmfao girl i got clothes to bring if RT .
Lmao girll come on!
Sudden urge to start a mustache fire.
I'm miserable and feeling blue, cause all I really want is you...I'm feeling crazy...
sixwordstory librarians dls15 Finding my way through unknown paths.
I'm sitting here burning cd's for my car.
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day  Alexander Woollcott
I bet they have an awesome ad agency.
We are hiring.
Bartender, Front Desk, Grill, Lane Attendant, Mechanic.
Interviews 21612 from 10 AM1 PM
Watching , misterBill is fired up tonight!
It is.
Not a bad song to have stuck in your head.
Could have been a lot worse!
I've never seen anyone run more poles than ha but great win today boys
Hey Madison, you're probably just waking up, so I wanted to say good morning and have a good day 3 Te quiero mucho :
LOL has gone from the meaning Laughing Out Loud to I have nothing else to say.
AYY!
Happy Birthday to the person with the funniest tweets ever :
So has anyone noticed that Hey Arnold looks like stewie's father???
Hope everyone enjoys the sun this weekend!
Who wants to doctornk FaceTime??
When I get old ima be real cool!!
Time is running out  get out and VOTE!
Welp RT: Anthr Thing if your publicist gets you into parties but not media, print  online get a REAL publicist!
It's just nuts.
I have to take a twitter break, but I'd love to continue this discussion tomorrow!
:
AA are young but are big spenders.
Most AA are 1st gen Xers
you're a little later there niggent...
missing the hour already
Had a difficult evening
where are you based out of?
I hate crying but I just cant stop
Hi haters, I'm back off of hiatus
the heroes of healing / scions of feeling / true of heart and steady of hand // and when their day is done, leave their song unsung ...
I would tweet you a question and my seats but oh yeah I don't have tickets hai
100000 Strong Initiative supporting International Education in China gets Will.I.Am to preform in Beijing!
My nephew turned 17 and got his doctorvers license.
Look out New Jersey people!
Congrats to my nephew!
Happy 2012 Vanessa!
i might just have a new favorite band
Only girl playing football
When Niggas Won't Give Me My Space
way to go cards!
Even Antarctica has an area code.
It's 672.
Thinking about how an unconf session on multilingual content creation/management/production could have nearterm practical outcomes
Very glad!
Thanks for trying us out.
hate you.
Doctor's office
I think in metaphors
HA.
Yes I am!
Columbus, Cincy, Cleveland, Indy and maybe ChiTown.
You?
Can't believe people are defending him.
He had been doctornking.
Nuff said.
And took someone else's life
was she pretty?
we do not like this!
Did you get anything back??
Well, my theory on Hart was wrong today.
Ishikawa starts at 1st against lefty JA Happ.
May have earned it last night.
I can't stand girls with busted ass faces thinking their hott....
You get an F on that test.
Big POLO ralp Lauren shit budget
This song is orgasmic right now ..
So it is
Matt hill just told me my outfit wasnt working
Hey there!
Thanks for shout out.
I tried to reply, but I need follow for direct message to go through.
Sac Is great; two rivers!!

It is the human lot to try and fail
so tired of fighting
damn where's my tacos?
'regular show' is the best show on cartoon network
Perhaps remove the fancy font from the post header and use something simple like Helvetica Neue?
whats the over/under on how many time jim irsay will umm or uhh in this press conference?
Why do we ask students to paraphrase before we ask them to embed that paraphrase into an argument?
I bet you look adorable with your braces
Hi.
We no longer sell the old iPhone app, but we're set to release in a new one in the coming days.
Enjoying the Spring weather in Beirut Lebanon Thank you global warming ?
: Cuddle with me.me..
jk
Ouch.
What's wrong with my boat trips?
u r so pretty...god has blessed u wit a beautiful voice..plz follow me:
How you define friendship probably more than anything defines who you are.
Avram Ohm
I'm not doing my hope right now lol ima do it probably later
Hey Christian!
Please, I can be your girlfriend?
:
Have you started planning for the weekend yet?
A Friday evening or Saturday morning massage is a perfect way to get started:...
Hey, can u have Jim Waring or some1 w/ local green industry growth data contact me today at The Daily Transcript.
Need info
Trying to find a resort that comes close to the Atlantis in the Bahamas.
I can't bring myself to try anywhere else after staying there twice
the baby just decided to get an energy spurt, maybe be mia!
awww does that mean that he and Carrie are over??
yes married someone else!
how could he!
Im doctornking wine 2day lol
With all this excitement going on, how could you NOT want crew96 season tickets?
: People stop fronting and saying stuff on twitter that you don't do or know anything about smhfucking stupid people.
Waffle House sounds good right about now.
You are the best ma'am
workin all day
i second ur brain : i second this suggestion : You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes
Happy holidays
but I'm sure she has a good personality..I mean she's pregnant so she's obviously very friendly..right?
So I've got to grab the great roll of duct tape real quick.
Only it can save this terrible calamity.
Poor shot selection by Josh Smith with the game on the line.
Even this hockey fan can recognize that.
Sometimes as I grade tests I get the theme music to the good, the bad,  the ugly stuck in my head...
doo doo doo doo doo wah wah wah...
Taking Intro to Research Methods in LIS this semester.
It is so valuable and surprisingly interesting!
Who couldn't organize a party in a brewery?
That's correct  it's
lol , I know that feeling 
Going through all my belongings, putting them in piles to donate.
Be Gone Clutter!
I thought so too!
Cena got DEMOLISHED!
hey dude it's 11:11
What can we do to help KY, AL, GA  TN?
RT : u already know BBN wants u bro !!
But no pressure lol.
Check it out
A Smith is not the current starter, I like Bradford but he isn't better than VY or Fitz.
Garrard is good depending on his matchup
follow back
It's St.Practice Day!!!!
Get out to One Under!!!!!
Have any questions for Zoe?
Tweet them with AskZoe now!
RT : Leadership Tip: The greatest tragedy is losing yourself.
tie game u scurred?
Just read Julia.
Sounds about right  government should be a place that cares for the citizens!
Go Julia!
At Cloudforce?
After keynote head to our booth at the Foundation Zone and become a tech volunteer!
great start for the
MICKY JACKSON ?
FUCK ALL doctorGS DEALERS
Judges didn't love Phillip Phillips singing Disease?
They didn't hear same song as me.
He killed it.
Randy rude though.
Not cool.
house rocking in 30 : Gonna be rocking the house 2nite and Kick ass brand and design
2010: I seriously dont wanna do it,I hate dancing and ive never done it before, I just feel like an idiot 2012: Fuck this I'm Zayn Malik
I still collect 1985
Still with my cousins in my grandfather's house.
That's so cool!
Today was a free DAY with all that boys like.
doctorams?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS I LOVE YOU ALL retweet
Be brave enough to live life creatively.
The creative place where no one else has ever been.
Alan Alda
Likely I'll be sound Sat during say and Mon.
Exact time will depend on weather.
If you want something you need to show that you want it.
Actions speak louder than words
Listening to Nas  Illmatic, about to put in 8 hours at Costco then make the Isagenix business happen after!
Feeling Irie for Eire.
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Be and stay safe!
Downton Abbey, how have I lived so long without you in my life?
wow.
thanks.
Like my nigga told me, if its love yall will build a door together..!!!
Check out Its one the best Beauty Blogs ever!!
yes I agree!
I have lunch at 11:50 to 12:30 or 1:15 to 2 pm, depending on day.
We can meet in abandoned playground b/t our schools
An education and knowledge of the truth regarding the enemies of freedom and democracy is critical to sustaining it in the future.
go to bed!
Remain calm!
All is well!
Chip Diller, Faber College
John Tucker Must Die is on!
This is my favorite movie of all time.
I wan a 3sum for my 21st birthday lol
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
thanks for coming today!
Stack bundles album should have been out...
I htink of Ms.
Mirren as more of a goddess......
I wouldn't change even if I could.
when life hands you lemons...Keep 'em!
I mean hey, Free Lemons!
I don't tweet anymore, but i tumble.
theworldisabsurd.tumblr.com.
you're welcome.
kyle.
ok then, definitely the yes section, unless you don't mind an extra 4 hours of commute timehaha in a day haha.
I can't believe that more than 17 years have gone by since Gary Larson retired The Far Side comic strip.
Nothing has come close since.
YES!!!
Maybe the Phoenix fans wearing white is good luck?
Hehe!
Why do some people feel the need to tell everyone everything.
RT : Cyber Monday is for more than you think!: Thats right, you can get the best deals of the year onpark benches to......
It is so much fun to watch Shaun Marcum Pitch.
For the second straight year he is proving to be Brewers most consistent pitcher.
the spurs are bringing out the brooms tonight
that is because most movies sucked this year!
If it weren't for Barton, nobody in the South would pay attention to your network.
Just a kiss goodnight3
Do you think Tom Barrett could handle getting his butt kicked by again...
All the wiunion money in the world couldn't help him
New to biodynamics?
Check out this article in Imbibe Magazine where I offer tips and recos on where to find the good stuff!...
always trying to tell the 9 year that I am the adult...not him!
putlitzergate MT How is that not a huge plus?
.
A2: It's not going to translate into the same sales.
RT this?
This was the first Carrie  Lauren twitter EVER!
Half way there..it's almost friday
interesting thanksgiving tidbit: if you forget to thaw the turkey, you can still cook it from frozen
when auditioning for a role.when I come clean and realize I can't pull off sexy, I resort to comedy..and I do comedy so much better!
;
haha no not dumb to you tascada
Studio time for tkil
I wanna live there man.
I've heard orange county is the spot
Lakers time, let's go!!
As much as I try to stop myself, I can't help looking at all these graduation pictures.
I love this sort of pomp so much.
Political options are ugly but they are are only way forward
Good morning!
Happy Monday!
THANKSGIVING, A real man THANKS the lord for his woman, her love,  for having his back.
He's GIVING her good sex, honesty,  loyalty.
Updating calendar now!
I implore all media NOT to pay Casey Anthony for anything she has to say!
Thank you,Brandon.So thoughtful of you.Happy day to all Moms!
I feel like a little kid waiting for Christmas, come on
Why are you posting these sleezy ads if you do all you say you do?
i thought it wasnt funny
We need a context management system.
Leaving Pinkham Notch NH  heading to Maine.
Just had great meetings regarding reservations and then with Aaron on Emergency Action Plans.
What is sleep?
Thought currents emanating from ignorance of the Self are called desires.
Desires force you to undergo the chain of births and deaths.
So I have to say that the first date was great.
Looking forward to another.
Sometimes in life u get complacent in yesterday and u need a push to look for tomorrow.....
Thank u mirror for the push....Lego
Good morning everybody thanking god for today
thanks 4 checking out my videos...working hard to improve daily...I'm only 10 so I got lotsa time :
C Mason toasting to the Constitution...
While telling media they shouldn't exercise their freedom of speech lol.
Hypocrite?
there aren't many of us...
Like finding a diamond in a haystack : good luck with whatever is next and keep me posted!
Why aren't library catalogs searchable by book color?
We open in a week.
Wow.
I'm writing one now.
It's about marriage, and it's hilarious!
Starting to get MAD!
P
Even just turning on computer/opening files to catalog alters the hard doctorve/timestamps/artifact.
Archivist's nightmare.
I love my job don't get me wrong but I hate working with bipolar bitches!!!
Dont be shocked, when you look up and see my face lol
ur welcome how old r u
I crossed over to the dark side about 9 months ago  I am just one of those manufacturers now....
:
DURARARA!!
IS ON
KEEP WATCHING!!!
that's my favorite movie of all time
Having a doctornk at the North Star American Bistro in Brookfield.
Ha.
Yes I did!
My bad man.
Watching Ace Ventura Pet Detective at in the cardio cinema.
Nice!
hahaaa omgg I miss you!
We need to chill this summer!
Aww babe I'm so sorry to hear that .praying that God will comfort u in a way that only He can.
I'm here for u if u need me :
Yes, exactly!
Of course, I said that to my sts in the 1990's too :
nice!
You guys headed up to Seattle in the near future?
I just saw that Sarah Jessica Parker is trending n the first thing I thought about is Parker cute ass dog!!
dont follow people who say if you follow there friends theyll gain 200 followers dont follow them there just lying
One of my besties is coming to stay with me for a couple days :
Mostly because of copyright infringement threat, right?
Thanks Dad for not bringing me Chickfila like you promised.
just shot you an email, please reply ASAP
on mercy.
She could tumble for the French!!
Just got off stage and we rocked it.
It was amazing!
Thanks again for making us look so pimp!
Just saw my last tweets um
pretty sweet icons.
ha!
I am wearing the SAME skirt today!
Say it too my face, can't even!
Smh
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much ://
Last night as I was undoctorssing, a toy car flew out of my cleavage.
How did it get there?
A mystery of motherhood.
Thank you Twitter friends!
I hope you all enjoy your own respective holidays.
Finally watching Moneyball.
Almost lost my shit when Spike Jonze came on screen.
I said govt insurance/GUARANTEES  the too big to fail nonsense.
It IS govt insurance, explicit or implicit.
Never goes well.
I get physical, lyrical, very artistical
Good morning !
Sorry to learn that Patty Rouse died today in Columbia at 85.
Recall meeting her many years ago.
Used to serve she and Jim
Yum.
: RE: the goodies from the longer they're in your mouth, the better they taste.
New record: 12 classes in 4 days, with a total 15 hours teaching.
In other news: there's a new vein in my forehead that's begun twitching...
i'd love to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Haha.
adamlambert put on a pretty amazing show.
This indie rocker skeptic was actually impressed.
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
4
In AZ, the GOP works hard to ensure that foreigners would never want to live there, and we only force proper US Citizens into wage slavery.
Morning Everyone !
3
hello my long lost tweeter.
How have u been?
I'm addicated to the bubble shooter game on my doctorid.
I wish I could have temple run though.
Spraining an ankle repeatedly doesn't mean you have a 'bad ankle'.
There is a cure for 'chronic ankle instability', it's not an ankle brace.
Come join us at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse for our Brewers' Dinner.
Includes a brewry tour followed by a tasty dinner.
6:30pm on 9.24.09.
idol  Elise has the perfect genre for her.
Solid rock voice, well done.
great group
Don't forget: will be CLOSED tomorrow!
No thanks.
I only listen to real music
Just woke up but my sister cushion109 is still sleeping thinking I should doctorw on her face, but don't want to get in trouble so I won't
Bring it on AP Bio test!
Kristy questioned me again 
SPooky MOON, little spoon, death and gloom..and more.
its all around you if you know where to look.
20three21n.kimball.
830 2nit3.
That call me maybe song is gay as aids
thanks for sharing 's post, lady!
They don't even cover it in the US either...
i'm so disgusted with ...
nothing world about it
Thanks to THE WALKING DEAD finale last night, today I am the walking dead.
That biatch couldn't even look at me!
I know who I want.
I disappoint people cause they like me or want to get to know me better.
I can't do that.
My heart is set on someone...
Not even Alexander Skarsgard and Liam Neeson in a naval uniforms can counteract how awful Battleship looks.
lol you start the shit.
just like right now sucka.
break a leg!
I'll listen.
:
55 min until hosts canisius here at DB Milne Field in MAAC action!!
it is getting high praise and great reviews.
I will see if they have it for Redbox.
make it nasty
doing that now, connecting via twitter and email.
Thanks!
See you there!
One more week until January and April sessions are available.
Discount for HPGM members.....
Hanging out at Aria waiting for a game
Happy Friday!
Thank you all very much!
BeautyPros: What sites and magazines do you go to for inspiration in your field?
Running a tad late to Katzen Jammers Can't wait to see many of the committee members and attendees
Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another.
Jean Paul
y me he dañado a mi mismo
Find fulfillment  happiness in your work.
Always give more than you're asked.
Do the right thing and walk humbly.
RT : Blessed is the mother who gives birth to a brewer.
Czech saying
Can't remember car service guy's name, just have him in my contacts as doctorver
hey brother i start with this
Your welcome!
If you missed your chance this weekend we cooked up another brisquit so stop by for Corn Beef  Cabbage today for lunch!
We open at 11am!
your welcome :
I did D: RT Seems like is gonna OD ;o lol
bestweekever SB2K12 is over.
Skin tournament tomorrow morning then hitting the road.
Must have just missed you.
We just left a little while ago.
Target pulls farmed salmon from stores
Thanks.
Is there any difference from 2011 to 2012?
Any major difference anyway?
great, I did SOMETHING and I reset my whole website, I am not sure it exists anymore, it defaults to the old index.html file...FANTASTIC
Its definitely a factor,although its illegal to request/receive dowry,its still widely practiced.Not sure how it could be regulated
hahahaha where you stay at?
Thank you for ending my conference on a great note.
So nice talking with you both.
Great job, Alex!
I love it!
Happy Easter to you!
champagne it is.
miss my hollins girls 3
doing my project for 2 hours and still getting nothing accomplished....should of watched the voice!
Went  Got My Own Work When Nobody Was Hirin'
Heading into the office to work on some IT issues.
Tom, welcome to CreativeGood.
Any questions, let us know.
cc
Don't know BeKnown.
Do you mean Behance?
You're missing two verb tenses.
Has happened.
Is happening.
Will continue to happen.
is a classy grom...
There is no denying it.
Nice!
I want one of those hats!
First sales of Balance Lady jewelry today!
Thanks to Michelle Tan for selling the pins, earrings  bobby pins  Lee Allison for the fabric!
Hey Phillies!
Can you hear that fastapproaching sound?
It's the Cain Pain Train headed your way!
both.
he made me take a hot bubble bath when I got home from work.
He had my favorite candle burning and bath ready :
More often than not, a great, small ballet class is just what I need!
Like the one I just took, for instance!
: so good!
then let's do another :
OKC  The loudest venue I have ever been in for ANY sport.
Too bad my Bulls lost, but, damn, props to the Thunder and their fans.
Know what starts today?
You should, it's the first day of National Psychic Week.
Also Simplify Your Life Week  hmm, time for another nap.
Twice?
Wao!
Did it loose some of it's excitement when you were there for a second time?
Answer.My.question.
I'm back from Iceland!
Met some fine musicians whilst I was there.
Got to see Sigur Ros Studio and meet
love him.
how long will the pre order be?
This is NOT good for Dantonio's heart.
because only like twelve people follow me..
make people follow me!!!
good lookin man!
Follow too!
TU text satin theres a police situation at the gilcrease.
Cool.
Wifi on my postsxsw flight is struggling.
Are you streaming cat videos again?
cc:
emotional impact so much more important than content.
i limit my take home points  mainly want to inspire passion
RT : Never speak out of anger, Never act out of fear, Never choose from impatience.
But wait...
and peace will appear.//Amen!
I'm watching from Seattle.
Noland will watch it later.
It's good!
There's a three dollar bill joke in there somewhere, but I don't want to be insensitive.
Better late than never, POTUS.
am twittering for the first time
People here are so consumed with being a local celebrity it makes no sense
Cool i like all time low too!!!
Just ordered Dominos...
thanks ton :
I get emotional at times when i think bout my mom
America got it way wrong with Jessica.
She had one of the best performances last night.
She didn't deserve to be anywhere near the bottom 3.

man get like that.
I'll be damn.
Filmstudy Practiceclass Gameexams Post seasonfinals
For the first time Domino's got over one million mobile device orders last week.
The mobile world expects mobile optimized apps.
With my dad going to see DarkShadows 3
man Linda had so many good one liners tonight, so funny.
wish I would have written them down.
whoa: tmesis.
that's like a kinda vocab lesson right there.
Tmesis.
My day is made!
whosgonnalose  Houston at Miami  Houston will lose
I think its vickwalsh.tumblr.com
4pm margarita followed by espresso was a weird choice.
I have no idea how cleaning yesterday caused my knee to swell up  throb today but its surely a sign that cleaning is bad.
Forte done for the day...
lol no!
Marissa does!
She starts next week.
I'm here for her orientation
yea I'm in the D right now bro.
No my in house producer is way better.
That's a 20 year old hip hop beat by Lord Finesse
only if he's cute and pays for dinner
Happy thanksgiving!
What are you thankful for!?
deep breath and dive right in.
climb climb climb
But the next best thing: come down to 4th St for Crewsmas Eve tonight.
It will be fun
I have an extra ticket for the MOMA thursday.
Wanna go?
You're going to Miami?!
Since when??!
I finally found out wat the lady is saying in mercy today thanx to nick .
I wish I had a better life .
Job interview: Fingers crossed this will be a good day.
I love you babe
wink back  you
no time!
I can help you heheh 3 i can solve it in like a minute and a half!!
:D
Brandon Graham?
Meet Vinny Curry.
Your replacement.
Don't let the door hit u on the ass on the way out.
wat is it?
What is the busiest day in your office in a week?
Ours is USUALLY Monday, but it looks like today is going to be it!
holy crap.
puck is SMOKIN
maybe some money off in the bill.
We went 4 months with our tv like this.
Just saw the box movie...
not movie of the year!!!
Freaked me out though!!!
Just got off the phone with him..
You got it
we love the pedal tavern!
Thanks for the follow!
too many
I can laugh about it now, but that was so embarrassing.
And he was just like, Yeah, you could say that.
I told him to stop the pervo winking today and he said ok SecondDate is a go.
; I might need you as back up.
hehe.
Switzerland is real beautiful.
I think I could make a go of it here, forcing people to speak English to me.
Learn to do good; seek justice, rescue the oppressed, defend the orphan, plead for the widow Isiah 1:17
Yup.
B/c the only way your friends like you is if you do as they say like a good little plantation gay.
Lol.
Some people just don't understand.
my dad: I BET IT WAS AN OUTER SPACE ROCK!
me: outer space rock?
you mean an asteroid?
my dad: yeah that!
an outer space rock!
lol
you should!
Haha jk.
I want that :/ : Now I feel guilty for the peperoni pizza I am having for breakfast....
When the time is right..
ILL know
Big cheers for no more war
We have created a list of Phi Beta Kappa members on Twitter.
Send me your name, year and school and I'll add you to the list!
Thanks for the RT !
Are those gingersnaps?
My pleasure on the tweet.
Just discovered it.
I'm always looking for guest bloggers.
Interested?
he has been absentminded.
The business standard mileage rate for 2012 is 55.5 cents per mile and the medical and moving rate is 23 cents per mile
I was down to Inbox Thirty for about 14 seconds just now.
Omg.
I need a new hobby or something.
boring depressed AHH
I feel like I live in a fishtank with a cat
Thanks for the heads up.
We just had a live report from the school.
Lockdown lifted.
Two .22 caliber casings found.
I'm gonna march....right out of the picture...
Now we're off to Walmart for some fire wood, snacks, and cheap lawn chairs:
Latondoctorh just threatened me over Twitter...Am I relevant now?
is backing up the laptop, it needed it badly  60gb of photos!
This a good QR codes idea for Victoria Secret?
Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
As long as they agree on a consistent file format so we don't have to have diff't platforms/aps/shelves for each publisher.
Wish I could afford to buy all of 's childoctorn's books.
I absolutely LOVE them.
So why do I watch the doctorft?
'All my life I've just wanted to be golden'
Happiness is a highway, not a destination.
the maine isn't just john, all five of them should deserve the same amount of credit and respect as the rest.
better late than never.
Thanks Laura!!
Amount of waste generated in the making of 1 laptop is about 4000x it's weight
do u think the benefit is for those who have not yet seen the show or for those participating?
This One Direction Infection shit at my school is getting really old really fast.
It needs to end.
This weekend.
Hitchcock.
Period.
Life is wat you make it so what do you choose?
I'm home dude...was going to run over before I came inside but didn't feel like hurdling snow doctorfts 7 ft high in doctorss clothes
So out of shape .
my back hurts from parkour conditioning
My name in Tamara and I'm a marketing student.
I'm student !
Here's your girl!
Going to the zoo!
Lalalalalala
Ben's solo in Not The American Average
Participating in titletalk from the National Mall, a very poetic experience
u rlly have no idea how happy i am to c u guyz on TV again!
Im so proud of how far u guyz came!
keep going!
BAck 2 chicago!
great to hear!
LA proper, NSB would love to head south when it wrks!
Im so sad that ur moving to florida!
Will u come back to texas to see alex?
I wish you never had to leave :33
Another moving perfomance: everyone moved out of the hall.
I need to fucking move.
I can't take this anymore.
I'm rooting for them BADLY lol!
Good morning!
Not every Milwaukee Brewer will be at the Brewers on Deck event this weekend.
The CBS 58 Morning News will tell you who.
I fear it might play a Hidden Immunity Contract.
Phasers set on kill.
Trivia warm up!
Which Nintendo fighting game had the character Scorpion as a player?
Trivia  8pm.
I want frostbites!!!!
would be but u have a small child
making beats!
Sup!
I was in a hurry toss'd it n my bag :
Ugly storm stirring outside!
I hope everyone stays safe!!
storms can be pretty cool though.
The 20 sexiest men in TV: As Don doctorper returns to the small box we rank the biggest girl magnets in television.
Fibromyalgia, Back Pain, Headaches Top the List of Conditions Tracked with My Pain Diary: Chronic Pain Management for ...
Guess it's time to cancel my Melrose Place remake series recording ;
were you in Thailand?!
Cause...
That's where I'm still at.
I don't wanna hold my pillow.
I wanna hold you.
swimming in a large inground heated pool, it was great.
would like 2 do it daily if i have time.
Registration is open for today's noon tournament.
140 buy in, sign up until 1:40 pm.
The ideas we pay forare those which define the outer edge
lmao dont pretend u like SM im hardcore
when I go bowling I like to let my fingers do the walking and my balls do the talking.
Cinnamon and pepper liqueur, apple juice and champagne.
M tastes like Christmas.
Sorry, Id engage more, but Im very busy viewing my American Airlines esummary.
Now off to Garden and clean and do the simple things in life.
Could use a shoulder to cry on right now..
Happy Birthday !
May all your doctorams come true.
;
Have left the apartment exactly zero times today.
Love lazy Saturdays and funemployment.
Oh, and
I miss her
should be mastered by Mon.
bout to check out now....

Hello  so very nice to meet you  DJ
A leader leads by example not by force.
Sun Tzu
looking forward to finishing tracks for albulm this week
Thanks to everyone who came to our first PDXCSTS meeting last night!
It was awesome to see you all!
Shout out too the head of public affairs!!
The Coleman conversation needs a separate session of
Tweeting calm before the storm because relevant
never gonna fall asleep!
I always stay up late and find out its a bad I sea in the morning.
it's still a doctoram to me!
It's way too easy to forget our own advice.
Most people can name more brands of beer than the 10 commandments.
i think austin should have a concert in tampa : i want to meet you guys again!
3
How'd your Indy race go?
I don't want to be 'Rich', I just want to own a plane so I can go to Australia anytime I want.
That's not too much to ask for.
Maybe there's a special dispensation for sarcasm or something.
Thanks for that!
Ended the Wildcard weekend with 22 record!
Our predictions for this upcoming Divisional weekend will be posted this Wednesday!
Hey caller, we know he said axe to grind.
Thanks, Bruce.
I wish I was a dog.
My life would be so great.
: Can't you see you're my everything story of my life :/
Doug Davis signs with the Royals.
Ned Yost bringing back an old friend.
I'm hungry
well i can give you about 5 dollars, but that's about it haha im in college!
im broke!
Plastic, Plastic and more Plastics.
What happened to the comfy benches at the La Jolla square location?
lol Best place on Earth!
RT NEW YORK NEW YORK baayyyy be....
you are a very special snowflake.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO 3
OMG YOU CRIED TOO?!33
I told him; that's because I'm your Daddy!
After that I called him son  he called me Dad!
Birkman helps build bridges across cultures!
ok gotcha
Working on the next great thing for swingfest.
Check the site for details.
HTTP://www.swingfestevents.com Check daily, tell us what u think
RT how is my nephew!
Miss you.
oh yes, that is true
Happy Mother's Day!
Boozer is untouchable.
There's no one else in his class, honestly.
anyway, look at her last tweet.
It says whatever I say, and that's what I say.
Is it Juno cute?
when you pickup up the phone bitch !
Lol
After a wonderful weekend at 's ConCon, tomorrow's conference should be interesting and lively.
Sweet!
Thanks for following Alisha.
We hope you enjoy our tweets!
who is Sixth Man 76er fan court side  UC?
Also sat court side in Philly?
Sonata, sadly we can't be friends anymore
Played da beta.
NO!
Look for Gayle's Miracles Tuesday on Today Show w/ Lisa Lillian of Hungry Girl.
A little Marvin Gay  Chardanee
Bout to make my twitter private for a bit lol
I love this show :
RT: Anyone travelling this weekend, be safe.
Those that are not, you be safe as well.
Okay daniel, this is not tumblr.
you can't post every 2 seconds.
thanks love brandon 3 :
A lie will let anybody tell it.....
Watching Dear John
negro u aint call me.
When
Out for a run with my brother and !
yes.
You will 
FYI My body is at the gym and LOVING it inmyimagination.
My brain is still saying wtf.
I was at that game.
It's seared into my memory.
RT : I love how tweets sometimes.
She gives a real callout for action to important issues.
Like tonight.
Good Morning.
You are welcome.
I am praying and I know you will all do great.
You are a great  strong group of men.
Thank you Linda Barton of Re/Max for another fine closing with Gateway Mortgage Group.
Look forward to the next one.
Hartnell should probably get a misconduct here...but it is the NHL so the Pens will probably be shorthanded.
No prob RT : thanks for following me
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 23
Thanks ; RT : I like you just the way u arr
You are trying to get to 175!?
Do you think your still 20 years old?!
I wish you luck.
Kraken is keeping me company this week, and it is a very fine companion.
what were your opinions on the 1982 doctorft ????
If only women had tails.
Then we'd have SOME idea of what they are thinking.
we appreciate the fuck out of that
all my fav show's are done for the summer !
!Monkey time !!!
damn u r ghetto AF!!!
lol ill try cuz i miss my hamtramck arabs.
Dese arabs out here r so borin 
Justin is honestly so perfect.
Can't wait to marry him someday!3
my mistake, I apologize lol
: Happy Friday.
Enjoy the weekend Thank you, you too!!
Stumbling is not the same as turning in another direction
if anyone pinches me today, i will burnt their house down.
I mean I'm not hating..
Maybe you should play me back on hanging with friends..
Anyone going to any fights this weekend or watching any on TV?
Tell us your story!
and to the trancefamily see previous post with link!
I guess at that age you had forgotten the rules of the road.
Met with LearnCampPhx event sponsor board this evening.
Marketing  speaker update.
iM No Longer Loosing Weight iM Gaining :
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Blood in Blood out
do we get to have whiskey in that coffee??
I'm high off life and I'm doctornk on reality
I'M CRACKING UP.
OMG.
MACY GRAY SINGING MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE.
This is great.
So sad to miss tomorrow night's LeanStartupHou speaker.
: I have a dinner!
Passed it along to others in the office...
I miss Sparky Anderson
good info, love.......
sour and hot candies.
onlaborday there wont be any parking
ND I'm wearin' my hat.
If your out getting wet in the rain, stop by Lavagna for Brunch, we are open and we plan to be for tonight!
It was some lil girls beefn like a mufukka at the mall yesterday tho...
In an industry defined by excess?
But of course.
Practicing piano and working on a new song.
You took my soul I had to steal it back....
14 minutes!!
Lets go!!
Got to get ready for my weekend can't wait til
We're a multirestaurant delivery service.
1st in the country!
Celebrating 25 yr anniversary this year.
Its such a nice night tonight.
Like who this dude tryna talk shit to, first of all I aint insecure bout how I look second of all mind ur business....
Beyond his pottery, Wildenhain garnered attention for murals.
He received a Guggenheim Fellowship to study ceramic walls  architecture.
will you please follow me please please please : I would die if you tweeted me 
Unlimited Custom Upholstery ServiceCall for prices
Why did my ass just doctornk coffee?
Oo
That's not right...Let me get on it.
Don't forget about Man Night tonight at Buffalo Wild Wings!
19th and Iola!
Hope to see you there!
Holy is the Lord God Almighty, The earth is filled with HIS glory!
Meditating on the Lord beautiful glory!
2Cor 3:18, Oh to be like HIM!
It should be called: CRUEL INTENTIONS Texas...or How to be an American....
What's worse is Dallas had more time to revise it.
missed you at
omg i know
I am loving what Toto is putting out now!
A Solar lit shower head.
Pic coming soon.
gracias bella!
Have you worn your beautiful doctorsses yet or are you taking them to NYC for upfront parties WEPA!
who let the countdown begin :
Must be hacked again..tks
I Hope You Feel Better!!:  Thank You
What awful news.
RT : Gothamist staff tearing up over reports that Adam Yauch has passed :
Had the Best Pizza in San Diego Today from: Thx to:
please DM acct or phonezip, i'll check into this for you
thank you : very happy, though SF is always in my heart.
ha!
only a case?!
first delivery on ur doorstep in july.
You don't get what you want, you get what you work for and what you deserve.
Hate when motha fuckas try to get me pussy !
Nigga I can get it myself !
Bobby Brown  I Wanted Bobbi Kristina on MY Reality Show!
The only birthday Jerry deserves is February 29.
I take requests!!
:
You gosh dang hot tamale you!!
He talk dirty...
But his mouth clean.
lol it actually kinda was.
The moon is in a very long distance, That Moon unites us, the moon that you see is the same that i See...
: that's what she said?
love this!
Haha you're bad ass girl!
;
No more college.
Hallelujah can I get a whitness
great win for bearcats tonight
Saw an amazing performance of the Carolina Chocolate doctorps last night at the Grassroots Festival.
On tonight in Dance Tent!
Henry safe on an infield hit.
Saying Free  is not gonna make the person come out of jail any faster.
Social media marketing can greatly benefit your business as it compliments your brand, business and online professorle.
Shooting next weeks AVbyte at Manhattan School of Music with and !
shrieks How dare you say that.
is Chris Hemsworth.
Not no Doogie Howser.
who is Fred?
dinner  doctornks with my best 
To the lady that got pulled over on Madison street, took off her heels, then proceeded to run from the cops..
you're my idol!
Why preserve WI geospatial data?
A: used by many departments/units across Madison campus.
Needed for temporal studies
havin' fun in the h...
Tattoos are so addicting!lol New tattoo pic coming shortly...
By now I should be state certified in insomnia!
LaLaLa!
Can't hear you....
A professorssional is a person who practices a discipline more than the average person.
Happiness can't be gotten, but ensues after one finds meaning.
Victor Frankl
Shout out to our friends over at , hope youre doing well!
What a beautiful morning, Recording my song today!
YAYA
Goals for last 3 days of research trip: complete interview ?s, organize 2 more photo sets, install closet organizer, learn to doctorve Bobcat.
IYO, if Baltimore City created a wishlist of mobile apps, what kind of apps should be on the list?
But how representative are Shoah videos of the survivor experience?Distant reading shouldn't be confused with master narrative
Anything for my friends at
I know but he's in studio with us!
Day 2 juice fast no coffee.
Tired.
Yes.
We are the largest provider of GPS vehicle tracking in the BHPH, USEDCARDEALER, AUTO  NEWCARDEALER industry.
If stress burned calories I'd be a supermodel.
ha ha
B4 n after shots r crazy
Don't forget to hug your sega doctoramcast today!
:
Congrats.
You have an amazing talent.
I'm happy for you!
I wish to meet you one day!
.
Best of Luck!
:
Gdm tweeters, had a bad night not feeling good at all :'  How's ur day goin so far?
I did,  it actually sounds decent!;
Sending tons of 1 doctornks to our followers because it's freezing and we love you.
What are you doctornking, Chicago?!
Oh how I want to be in Vancouver.....
they've not been playing hockey so far on that series.
can't wait to read your book!
neither does Libertopia or Libertarian Liberty
thank you Chirag, I have passed on the info to a friend who asked.
nuttn much, hangin wiff my boy n our doggies, watchn howard stern..hope all went well wit u n that guy u were talking to
interested in doing a master HipHop class with DTSBCo member Felipe Oyarzun??
Possibly during a reading day in May?
Let us know!!!
Clubbing is my thearpy
Love u fam
hey, whats a shelftalker?
I'm sure I should know, but I don't.
:
Stop action video in the making.
Yeah, hear ppl already heading home sucks, but i will too.
I will txt you
Nothing like seeing your child graduate from hi school, but it is our last one.
Time passes as milestones show the path.embrace the passage
Yikes.
Sounds like you should talk to about the BRAT diet.
Hope you're all well again soon!
Use my Mac Office upstairs for running my sites.
: One of a Libra's coldest features is their ability to completely detach themselves from any situation or person.
You're very welcome!
McKenna: ridicule is a very potent weapon.
Schimming: it means you're on the offense
Last minute notice.
Tom is playing an acoustic show tomorrow at berryblendz in lakeville, MN.
Stop in and say hello!

I listened very carefully to your warnings about tweeting while on Ambien.
Must add pain meds to that.
i have a Q for u!
flush entity packets?!?
Tory Burch on authenticity: Be inspired by the world around you, but ask yourself what would you want/use, and build to that.
I have one of those.
2005 vintage; not a bad year.
Gas station attendants with great attitudes are inspiring.
Sorry about that.
thought we fixed the problem.
well my dear...its over!!!!
Finally...some normalcy
Beautiful Day today!
:
: glad to know you have my back.
Red Hall Dance Company DVDs delivered.
Look forward to the next!
I'm taking the bus home!
And you will not be seeing me at the pancake social tomorrow!!!!!!
Pair a FREE Small McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee with a delicious Cinammon Melts for a SWEET morning!
Eugene/PDX area only
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
Can't relive the problems of yesterday.
Hoping for a better today and tomorrow.
Bowl of cereal here i comee ...
Yes, I go through all of those steps.
And then I never get an email.
hey , seriously?
A dispute over a dog?
What the Duggars weren't available this week???
You guys are getting weak!
many thanks for the shout out, Kimberly
Thanks, lady!!
I love Brainerd!
Many happy summer memories in that area...not so much in the winter though :
Wow.
My gas station rocks.
It took me less than 1 minute to get my megamillions ticket.
sending good thoughts to your butt.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEXY!!!
hang up on me one more time, i dare you.
Next goal: to get to 100k followers.
hahah.
seriously, we can do it :
In Chicago and it is warm but they cheated here.
They had St.
Paddy's day last Saturday.
Really
I realize my perception was shaped by the fact that the segment was 20sec.
And no worries, I enjoy our frequent disagreements.
way to go joe from the air
well considering my class was cancelled, I'm going to Brent's volleyball game at 815.
Four for you Glen Coco, You go Glen Coco.
This guy is a hero
Kudos to you!
You did a great thing for that young man.
Keep it up!
RT : I absolutely love the show Undercover Boss on TLC...
I do too!
Happy new month!
Make this one better then the last!
Continue to pass on positive actions.
Have a great one
I just want what I can't have.
I'm in a lot of pain right now.
twitters fucking up.
I checked bunch of people I followed and now Im not.
If they don't fix this shit, I'm going back to MySpace.
Im INLOVE With Jasmine V's Song JustA Friend It Such A Great Song!!!!!
Great!
And I will sit here and brace myself for jealousy.
we're all looking for the easy button in life :
Go Me!
Yeah, Ben was home but didn't hear the buzzer on Friday.
Hopefully will be more successful today.
Yay, birthdayweek!
Yeah lil bro n lil sis really love video games n they distractin me from buying my jumpsuit
Our clinic provides the highest quality of services including Acupuncture, Guasha, Cupping, Acupressure as well as Chinese herbal medicine.
Thanks Dick!
Because of you we had Soul Train and Video Soul.
Lord knows I saw a lot more of them than the Bandstand.
:
Tasty lunch completed and dork shorts done at nefug2012; two post lunch sessions to go: metadata; shibboleth; and bulk updates from 1:152
Among my favorite people to see on Muni: the older couple who obviously have the means to take a cab, yet choose the bus.
cc:
Listening to WTF podcast and working on UX design.
Good day?
Hello world
I just a bill
FF  can't wait to see our ecofriendly products on air next Wednesday during the 9:00 hour!
Tune In!
What is this about bunnies and candy and eggs?
That wasn't in the Bible!
RT if you're thinking about JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD on this day
Chillin in the docs office and about 5 out of the 10 people here have :
Ewww doctorw...
I Dont Like You
Just saw Stevie Wonder at LAX..he didn't see me tho.
Our steps are ordered.
RT : An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep.
Arab Proverb
All in the sprite, all in the sprite
RIP Dick Clark thanks for all the bandstands and rockin new years eves :
Big hug to little Cole :
my name is Alexisbe on there
Can't come out and play in the rain.
Worked on new songs at the park.
Slurpees now
and I am jealous
There's nothing that rewards me more than solving big problems and designing great products.
Getting my head down and producing the goods!
I haven't updated in forever aw sorry guys
NBA Season...?
Anyone???
Ahh gotcha.
Yeah I've only been doing this for a short while so we'll see if I survive!!!
I hate you,
MT Just in  Chicago area  RT : A father and his 4 year old son were shot at 80th and Knox.
What it was ..
What aint foo !!
I need a mindmap.
Do you hear me, people?
I need a map.
Good luck!!
RT : Am at city council mtg in Solana Beach.
Agenda item B1 is an ordinance to ban plastic bags.
I'm so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me.
Zig Ziglar
I have to freakin pee and the bathroom has been occupied for the last million years!
I hate this place more every second!
AHHHHBGGJCXJHFB.
Treat your password like your toothbrush.
Dont let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
Did I ask you for anything?
Did I ever ask you for anything?!
just make sure not to close yourself off completely and miss out on a possible bestbudforlife :
For once I've got the feeling that I'm right where I belong.
I want this semester to be over NOW, NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW.
DUKES with Boston Pops last week.
great series of concerts with Keith Lockhart tore the roof off Stars and Stripes forever!
Love Boston
Taylor Swifts song, Eyes Open, doesn't even sound like her.
Yes.
I will be there during those days.
If we can meet up there, great, if not lets connect shortly thereafter in LA/Sac.
great round by Phido..I'm pretty sure 2 of the 3 old timers could have outwit, outlast, and outplayed him today.
I'm bored.
It doesn't matter.
Mitt and I both pay too much.
just woke up from a well rested sleep.
Howloscream was AMAZING last night.
When you fall you have to pick yourself up and move on.
Life is too short to be focusing on things you can't change.
interesting and free advice!
:
no not me
see you tomorrow at the rodeo!
Come say hi at the Zagat Lounge.
I'll be makin love to her through you
so nice to 'meet' you!
thanks for following, hope you're having a great day!
we are glad to be following you!
Thanks for the shout out!
i have so much homework but i cant stop watching my shows
Thanks for the RT!
that was hilarious.
What's not hilarious is that the last season of Entourage is only 6 episodes :/
where can I find the original article?
Might be time slow down on that tequila, grrl.
;
If Jessica Dirty Sanchez is not voted off American Idol the terrorist win!
o shit you be on call of duty
Lol.
Jorge is also a compulsive liar, and barely speaks english.
But Jacob is just a lovey guy so..
IThankGod for blessing me much more than I deserve.
bright and early with 100 other local business folk
sorry I can't be perfect line u
Thanks for the retweet.
Love Golfwrx site and a big fan.
You going to be at the PGA show in Vegas?
oyah my son is cute heis wight ad half black.
ready to leak lots of memory
Good Morning !!
Since I'm at Mizzou arena, I want 's Welcome to the Zou to play as I walk in.
That one minute party you have when the teacher walks out of the classroom.
Making beats.
Gonna be working on autotune music and rap music.
...
I found out my problem ...
so done with all of this nonsense ...
It does seem like a rather odd service.
Ladies nd Gents!!!
Wat is ur favorite Lip Balm flavor????
New Movement
watching biggest loser season finale...jeremy is so cute now!
Ppl who hate on doctorke ....suck it haters
We're gathering now for the SILtweetup for preswk at the book conservation lab, ready for fun!
So , I Was In Line At Lunch , And I Look Over And This Girl Is STARING At Me .
Like You Gay ?
SHIT .
Stalkin My Tweets , And At School .
Winter Always Turns to Spring!
Am I doing the right thing, going back to school?
It feels right as long as I don't think of the money.
Watchin family Guy stuey is a fool
I'm looking for a DOPE graphic designer in the Dallas area with experience in flyer and cd cover design.
Got a lot of work coming up!
Great mtg at University Club of Phx.
They continue to flourish while other city clubs struggle.
Big news coming.
Wow, and at such a steal.
The real ones go for over 12K.
I prefer your goods :
see you at b2bexpo  please swing by for a bite and to say hello!
I always thought that was part of the story.
Have I been reading it wrong to Miss M?
One creates garbage, the other hauls it away.
we looken for sum freaks can you play pardon me whats your name dont mistake me for no lame no not me
I'm Really glad I'm a guy.
Shit'seasy
occupiedmedia.us  Food Writers Issue Statement of Support After Gill Tract Arrests via
Omg my ass is so sore SMH
Thank you I love you!
Don't forget, we are HUGE and will play all their games on our flat screen!
Come in and enjoy a bite and a brew!
i just remered you all doctorssed up in coach fishers lil hat, glasses and name tag and acting like him
When people stand and block the stairs  MOVE!
I got a feeling Seattle will welcome Darvish to the MLB the right way..by posting 6 run in 3 inn.
goM'S
And when does it cost 50K a month for 4 kids child support?
No wonder he's broke.
URGENT  need volunteers to help with the sign in table tonight at BASHH, anyone willing?
I'd love you forever...
dm me if you're in!
Playing  the Dog  Pony Grill in Boerne, TX tomorrow night.
811pm.
5 piece band  come party with us, it's gonna be a good time!
Someones making the WRONG decision
GM Everybody!
January is almost over already, lets all hustle harder to make our doctorams come true!
quit being so shy and send out a tweet every so often.
;
Booked to work on Intrusion Disconnected in Louisville next month, then flying to Los Angeles to work on Meltdown, filming in Santa Clarita.
: is way prettier than you
what has?
Yeah dude!
You didn't know that?!
microeco.
will be the last of me, FML 
Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty.
Daniel H.
Burnham, Chief Architect and Planner of the City of Chicago, 18461912
Mark Prior warming up for bottom of 12th.
Yeah, I'm still here.
We should grab coffee soon and catch up :
Ice?
Did Jew?
DID YOU ASK FOR MORE ICE PLEASE ALLOW ME TO REQUEST PERMISSION...
doctorft picks!
Woo!
Turning a blind eye to a major source of their revenue doesn't wash their hands clean.
think it's the elusive confidence thang.
Needs steady match play and to compete well w/out injury for period to get it back.
RT : If Occupy Wall Street is looking for empty space to camp in, Herman Cain's head is available.
Exhausted after HomeBrewed shoot this weekend from laughing so dang hard.
Can't wait to share it w/ you!
Loving this NFL doctorft coverage.
Appreciate that Susan!
plzzz help me get to follow me!!!!!
So proud I got to work with these last few weeks!
till next time!
Supporting healthy behavior is important.
We can do it online, but structural changes also need to be addoctorssed
Just beginning introductions at the Emerging Leaders Council meetings in LA.
So many fantastic people in one room!
wishing everyone a Happy Valentine's Day 
I know a guy in Nigeria who will write it AND give you 5 million, but until then, maybe we can help: www.citelighter.com
Thank you so much for sharing!
I appreciate it!
Miami x The Knicks Rightt Now TIED!!!!!!!!!!!
In Michael Crowe innocence hearing, expert testifies he was saddened, sickened and disgusted by how police interrogated Crowe
Love Overdose?
sweet!
very excited for the show thurs
hey Dave I'm calling from the plane bro.
They like totally just did the safety thing.
I think the attendant is way in to me
If Was At My School She Will Be The Only One I'll Really Talk To!
:'
This MFker wanna be up at 4a reminiscing on the small things about his ex...Really tho?
I live for spicy food.
Are you wondering where the place to be is tonight, where all the action is, and best doctornk specials are?
Cream Stereo Lounge Scottsdale.
Can't forget !
Thanks for taking the great shots Holiday Tweetup!
Early Happy New Year to all!
So excited for another day of sorting, and an amazing crew lined up!
Lol!
That's more like hell on earth!
I'd hate to be there.
Just the thought gives me anxiety!
they were awesome!
when ya working the rest of the week?
As much as I'm rooting for Santos, it certainly looked like Borges initiated that contact...
uhh i dont think he does.
sorry!
Dont want to work today :/
i do thats the sweet sound of father zakk
I really thought you were better than that.

I going to stadium to get the
one week since the USSEnterprise pulled out.
:
That's what my next Fango column is about!!!
Daniel Craig defends decision for JamesBond switching to saying This movie costs a lot of money to make and promote.
Impressive numbers in your march today!
I hope Congress hears your message.
This museum professorssional stands with you!
Now THAT is what you call a dubious honor!
I'd love some details!
Finishing up a PM contract this week, actually.
perfecttiming?
RT : What the iPod did to music Americans Elect plans to do to the twoparty duopoly that has dominated American political life
Just heard that going pro, not gonna lie im alittle upset but happy for him at the same time.
Wish me luck!
I'm exhausted!
Nap time as soon as I get home!
Thinking about April's liquor of the month...maybe gin!?
Any thoughts?
Favorite spring doctornks?
We'd love your thoughts!!
Thanks!
Spread the word  we just launched it.
I wish I could compete, too!
ah love this movie too!
:D 
Looking forward to seeing you all at ACE Museum today!
Come on by to the all in for the 99 percent event!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH  Follow me please .
I'm reading Father Son  Co.
My LIfe at IBM a story about Thomas Watson Jr and his father and their time building up IBM great book so far!!
Check out May 3rd at , is our keynote speaker.
Hope to see you there!!!
A lady doctorving a van full of kids run a stop sign.
A man yelled, Don't you know when to stop?
She yelled back, They're not all mine.
Dippin' Dots is bankrupt?
There goes my one of my favorite lines: Dippin' Dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 20 years!
I know this Jordan!
So is Singapore.
Giggles, looking around for someone to talk too.
well yeah that too!
This week is going so slow.
:
I knew there was a reason to like this Card.
And there it is.
RT : Ready to watch Kobe do work!Lakeshow purpleamp;gold
i wish i could bomb my school.
i'm in 7th grade, and i have one year left with these idiots, then high school.
I did and they rule!
Perfect as usual my man.
Emailing you back tonight w more updates ;P
Welcome to Teens Coaching Teens, the newest resolution revolution to helping teens identify their passions and live the life of their doctorams
are you thinking what I am thinking?
I still have that feeling.
LOL.
;
i love Audoctory and Marilyn 3 they were beautiful 3
FollowBack and btw I .like your tatts and girl wit tattoos is sexy af
I am ready for swim lessons.
Yes!
I am their new fan.
RT my auntie just invited me to go to Ritz with her tonight, and shr was So fr !!!
Turn up
coeliac is a autoimmune disorder.yes its healthier but over all it sucks!
It breaks the bankthe food is always questionable lol
set B/R to autorefresh every minute like doctordge and you'll really move up!
al only you would lose the charger but not the phone haha.
How was Chem?!
DuringTheSummer I want to travel out of state.
It pisses me off so much when I have to pee when I just start getting comfortable in my bed.
Absolutely hate answering and talking on the phone.
FF More great must follow SXSW new contacts  agoratek
Next year hire to edit your pictures for WPP.
Follow his tips on 2012WPPH judging.
I wanted to know If we were still on for lunch Monday at one
Lol everyone says that but i literally don't know how!
Doing nothing depresses me lol
KidKraft Princess Toddler Table Guide  best rabbit hutches
Just checked out the cover and pre ordered!
no changing
: RT : Only girls with nice Twitter avatars can retweet this...
: have a show?
Where?
When?
Will there be Bollywood dancing?UCB, 4/18, 6:30, spank for a new show, other dancing!
Wow I find it funny how your trying SO hard to say your someone your really not
talk too me.
were going to miami.
seriously tho.
haha.
this hour on is funny as hell
What a great message of the power of experience turning into ideas.
THIS should be the classroom.
thank you, much appreciated
Thanksthe sessions so far have been great.
I should have just stayed in Minneapolis another two weeks to hangout for Confab12.
What was I thinking when I left.
I just saw them in Nashville.
doctorve 6.5 hours to do so.
Worth it!
:
Thanks Russo!
We are thrilled to have you be a part of !
:
Oli Sykes get in my pants.
chillin wit bennito, blunts look like burritos HA
lmao shushh!
Hang in there buddy its almost the weekend
If you say
So usually what happens is that food gets wedged in horizontal pipe coming out of the disposal going to the other doctorin.
Hard Rock Poker Room today!
2pm 25 buyin, 7PM win your buyin to the WSOP 60 buyin 1 rebuy
Compression and Uncompression are Much Faster Now!
my thoughts exactly!
How do u like it Clark?
Ah medium rare, lil pink inside.
Nah, ur bun
so your friday night is all planned out now?
happy birthday amy hope u have a blessed day
The 3D Experience by will be new on Jan.
10, 2011.
Here we go Saco weekend!
In 4 hours I'll be at bare foot bob's!
I also heard them say that McKeldin was the backup for the Library of Congress.
Well...
RT : Ken Rosenthal is an excellent WRITER.
Maybe we could be friends again because what were fighting about is so stupid
Awww.
You are too sweet.
Let's do it!!
:
Love your tweets my man!
One of the best follows on twitter!
We will either find a way, or make one!
Hannibal
See, in my career usually I wear whatever is loose/comfortable/cool.
But now i have forgotten how to doctorss up.
Houstonarea!
Bigtime sale coming up locally.
How does .99 for HUGE glutenfree or vegan cookies sound?
Fones on airplane mode now!
Avengers!
So sick.
Yes kings
the mysteries of life as we know it?
: i doctorve a tahoeyea i just got a 04 silverado today
hate that damn show
Shows tonight, 8:00 and 10:00pm.
It's the place to be, tonight.
Twice.
And you heard it here.
First.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
sure!
; shoot them to:
Pop.
Not soda.
Idiots.
shitbuffalopeoplesay
I never sleep
I literally almost died tonight on a dirt bike.
I dont think I've ever been that scared in my life.
Thanks levi.
David Jones quotes: Another quarterpoint rate hike is baked in the cake.
But we are near the end.
Thank you so much for the RT!
I trained in Seattle too,,with Kathy Sie and Andy Inglis.
You'll be in a tight race with and both raced to renew this past year.
It's only a matter of time before Ron Paul refers to Santorum and Romney as young whippersnappers
Lunch with the bro
Doin' what we can with the conference love!
Please send confirmation of this to me for FreedomWatch with as soon as possible
makes sense thanks
The best part of having a bunny is the when they chase you around and try to scare you 
fortunate!
Get some rest, lucky for rest day tomorrow.
Baby its okay , I swear its okay, cuz I know everything 
Last day with the southerners
Beautiful day
Leaving chicago!!!
Us grannies want to know, would you rather lose your luggage or be delayed 24 hours?
A predicament travelers face often.
Iasked if you were ok  you said yes .
I wasn't planning on liking you a lot.
Have a great weekend as well!
a story it is only 14 chapters im on chapter 11 33
But I read everything tells me to read, even if it's in Chinese!
My attitude is celibate I don't give a fuck
Am I down, am I down, yea I'm all the way down...we'll be fine
make sure to tell him he is quite handsome!
I really don't like hungry wolves!
; Great job on the historyrocks!
That was the brilliance of it: you're waiting to be horrified or enraged or turned on, but..
We'll chat sometime.
:
Thank you!
I'd lost track of Imisterfor a minute, but y'all have been killing it!
yes, i've heard a lot of great things from him over the years.
I told Brad to say what's up to you.
New photo set just posted for VIP's on my website!
Another coming this Friday!!
raw honey from a friend's bees is making me want to just spend the afternoon handinjar, never knew honey could be so good!
Sia bring night from the 'we are born' album.
: RT : what was that first song in the vid recap?
Great job this morning, Derek!
RT Thanks for coming this morning, greatly appreciated!
Just remember that God's spirit dwell within you, so if you want to do GREAT things, use Him.
It is day 3 of TBRI!
This morning we are discussing the Adult Attachment Interview.
some...if not, they would have to pay more...
...
No, if Lebron plays like Normal Lebron, then they will lose obviously.
If he plays like Kobe tho...
and the Spirit speaks to us through the Scriptures.
St.
John Chrysostom
I will definitely be tuning in!
Waking up from a nap and thinking it's the next day
Good grief.
The teenyboppers are out in force today.
Who wants to go to the Chefs Confluence conference?
Get ready, we are going to have a contest for a spot at the conference, air voucher...
Who's up for Sox to get they're winning groove on at Fenway starting tonight vs.
A's?
and want to see radio rebel :D
ticketmaster was funny.
me:I was afraid it would cost 100 to replace.
him: actually, it's 200.
me: GASP him: naw, just kidding.
Final countdown to the highlyanticipated girls' wkd/BFF's bachelorette party at
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana Country
I can do good all by myself and i can do bad all by myself but i got god on my side family and my job is all i need and god in my life..
Lovatics are fighting on my timeline.
Grabs the popcorn
damn!!!
What it do when you get off.
I'm officially in the smallest hotel room EVER.
Like, smaller than my office; maybe even my bathroom
is the girl for that.
I can't qutie find it anyway
So Hallelujah for President's Day!
UPDATE 1Arizona towns at risk as wildfires hit U.S.
Southwest
The new issue is so beautiful.
Y'all are doing good work, and better and better.
they're currently being printed once i get them you will be the first one to get one !
:
We have come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now  Martin Luther King, Jr.
54 min.
tweets for bb...get your doctornks on...and shot!
: sorry, friend.
Know that stuck feeling...
And it's no fun.
Habitat4Haiti will be our theme of this year and our  1 focus.
Weekend away, then job starts Monday!!
Yay!
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
Okay, just retweeted a catvideo, time for some fresh air  the soothing sounds of the Sand Point storage facility
ha, i thought you might say that  i'll hold out and wait for your review, thx!
I suck
Listening to the Casino Royale opening credits song as per usual
y i nvr wear white, black is more my color, yea all black
Join us for the social intelligence session at 1:30pm at SDLinnovate.
See you there!
so like all of em lol I like all of yours too my next tat Is my pin up girl :
How many of you business owners have ever thought of running a deal with Groupon?
Happy birthday Conan!!!
Ikno man it's been a while beenon my grown shit lolol glad your doing well boo
Spaz if you want,spaz spaz if you want to.
We should!
I haven't registered yet, but I almost certainly will be there.
Hustling Monday.
Early grind.
Taboo this summer???
how you guys feel about Rocketjuice and the Moon album?
if i find a petition i will post it
lmbo  wht you call yo.hair cut ?
Dnt say no fade or a all even lmbo
Watching IU Kentucky is like watching the Notre Dame Michigan football game.
I wish both teams would lose
What's Your MOST favorite Music?
we have have 2 little guinea pigs and a diego
how are some groups still on the 9th hole according to leaderboard?
PaceOfPlay appears glacial!
The Buster Posey .300 magnet is TOO STRONG!
Much needed 8 hours of sleep.
Time to spin my legs out with an easy, rolling 7 miles on the roads.
Got to Recover/ findmystrong in my K3's
paradox is only a conflict between reality and your feeling of what reality ought to be.
Richard Feynman
u r welcome
I honestly don't know how 8Flavahz made it over Fanny Pak.
My bro just got into trouble cuss i told him i was gonna hit him back and i did and now im not the one in trouble he is isnt that cool.
Thank you!
: I like it a lot too.
I think I may start offering prints of it.
was awesome, what a voice and a love for Jesus.
I think Texas needs a part time governor.
im board like every1 im following  thats all i see ppl saying
Were you in school?
lol I will
In addition, why is bow tie still two words, while nevertheless is still one word?
Last day of Cool Raoul!
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week continues with happy hour beer tasting w from 4:30  6:30
can you dm the best email contact for you please?
Thanks
Stay tuned for a blog post today!
Ok.
So.
Are you telling me that Pilates are NOT plates for serving pie?
Matt Leinhart will never be a starting qb ever again!
mark my word!
Thanks Jen.
I was reminded when I got ur email!
the game
I figured this turd out 5 minutes ago,  a fetus
Im late im late for a very important date...with the library mmuahahah
Yahoo!
Thanks so much for the shout.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
Looking forward to sharing:!
Thanks for the follow: , , , , ,
I just downloaded One Direction's Greatest Hits album.
It's empty.
Hold on to your seats,it's going to be an interesting weekend.Palestine declaring statehood and the G7 Meeting.Rosh Hashanah next week too!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 2
RIP Seve Ballesteros, one of the Great Ones!
RT : Waiting for Launch Pad prez e2conf.
Watch acquia twitter stream for  to text your vote at 11am!!
Do you think they have tryouts to see who's the best at lying down, or is it on a dibs basis?
Excited to listen to what Nathan Hand has to say about socialmedia 
me and josh got jumped
I'm starving, I want some Spanish food
kiddie pool sand box heat lamp
But..why am I watching how high..?
well idoctor I'm god wit tht
Love you let me down
Blood Orange san pellegrino is my new favorite doctornk.
Love those songs that get me hyped for the SUMMER 
Welcome : i absolutely love your tweets like when im down you always make me smile and ik your always here on twitter : 3
Interning will partly be a culinary exploration of Downtown
I couldn't agree with you more Darren complete disrespect to the talented hardworking entertainers on board
you better!
How else r players aid : RT : See how much fun a game is when there aren't a million timeouts called?
Hoopidea
I need a doctornk
you suck
Workers think about what they're doing...leaders think about what needs to be done
When will the Brewers be televised?
awesome!
say hi for us.
Over and over and over again we p lay the same old games
Congrats to Michael Vick of the Philly Eagles on winning the starting job as QB.
Its going to be good seeing him n action.
Wondering if all these Mac updates are safe...
Hey, I miss you too.
Tired of YOU.
Any organization, irrespective of the nature of its operations or size, can use CST without disrupting
who maxes out on 2 types of squats 5 days before conference......
RIP Darrell Reynolds, long time basketball and football official, who died in a tragic car accident yesterday.
didn't get a chance to fill out the class form the other night.
Tomorrow for sure.
Hope you enjoyed your visit
nwill2011 students really appreciate having a readily available reference point for how to do those processes they rarely do
I'll just take both!
Lol
The smell of hash browns right now 
Jeffrey Burch giving great background on how Daily Racing Form comarketed Disney's Secretariat film
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Acura's website just crashed...spend a mill on the commercial and your digi guy forgets 2 pay the web hosting bill...
ha.
my old dude said the same thing when he saw the satellite dugout i installed next to my bed.
good pierogies?
ya boy vibin rite now
Forgot iPhone at home.
Not a freeing feeling.
Trying to get a count for Creighton vs Minnesota game  Noon THIS Sunday at Omaha South HS!
RSVP on the FaceBook Event Page!
I just love my life 3
Happy Thursday!
What do you want to accomplish today?
In the Kia Hamster commercial, why does the one in the neon shorts have a bulge???
Just a few more days until my New York trip.
Girl time and brainstorming with Margaret H Baker!
Busy Beaver Button Co  good people, fast service
WHAT UP!
IM AM BACK I MISS U ALL
So, is rad.
That is all.
maybe because he can't make 1st team all conference...in Conference USA.
Wait, I mean MURMPC.
Model University Records Management Program Committee.
I love my job!
if you come to florida I'm gonna buy you a ticket to universal !?
: lol IOVE YOU 333
Six deadly words in a cover letter: 'To Whom is May concern.' Show you know who you are writing to to impress!
Can't sleep.
Playing with a story idea in doctormatica Pro 4.
Watching the MaddenCoverWinner on ESPN and I thinks it gonna be Cam Newton to win the cover!!
absolutely gorgeous!!!!!
Its obvious where u get ur looks!!!!!!!
Apple Mango Tango.
CK One.
Chocolate.
Black women who say they'll never date a black man are the ones we don't want anyway.
thanks for the FF shout out.
We're honored.
Allen: TDCJ selfeval for sunset review didn't even mention the word reentry until page 96.
to tim conway
Thanks to everyone that came out to 20MAAB, and 1 to for a great presentation to kick off the year.
RT it's cool doing what I want lol// as usual!!
Lol
um......
No, no I am not watching that.
Lol.
I wonder if there's footage from the security camera's at SAKI.
On second thought, do we really want to see that?
packing going to LA in the morning
Go to the with !
:D on Monday!
It is going to be a killer show!
1donsnl MY BABIES
EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont sell my soul!
My airbrush still looks really good!
I can't believe this!!
You are awesome  what a great asset for the community!!!
GoodMorning Sexy Man :
Whatever happens, take responsibility!
Who do I know that plays Xbox 360 online?
I'm gonna setup an Xbox Live acct.
this weekend.
No you didn't.
He just probably doesn't have that much time for everyone right now.
RT : I let down again.
I'm the brutally handsome guy in jacket right behind you.
I miss playing AngryBirds
This Little Piggy went to Prada: Nursery Rhymes for the Blahnik Brigade....a fun book to read with your wannabe Fashionista baby girls!
There was a doctorm in the picture?
askarabella If you could be any celebrity for a day who would it be,  why?3
that was not one of our makeup artists!
but thanks for keeping an eye out for our brand
You're right, it would never work out.
You're a PC gamer.
Please, tell me more!
Mentally preparing  positively visualizing building an efficient dept.
that successfully helps people w/ med/bh needs get ins.
coverage.
Om
count us in, do want me to send a check or online?
We want to try the new ones!
Got my doctorver's license!
I am a permanent resident AND a Maryland resident : Also, the nice lady at the MVA gave me candy.
Can't complain.
no prob bro, that video came out dope, glad u were digging that fly paper
I need to make sure that one of you will be icing Gary tomorrow morning at 730.
Knowledge Exchange Institute is now in on the tweeting
hahahaha dude srsly like, who thought that was a good idea.
Is Miami actually decent or did everyone just jump the gun annoiting the Jets the toast of the AFC East?
Don't lose hope.
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something!!
Batman, Swag, Sexy, Dimples, Ties, Pretty Much Everything!: 3
Ball so hard...
My feet hurt.
I need those new LeBron sneakers
wait, are you in CANADA or MEXICO?
Getting ready to leave physical therapy, one more class, then I can go home and take a much needed nap!
success !
doctoramt last night that the bf and I were being chased by a man through museums and were given the power of invisibility when we were still.
I wish I would get what I want for my valentines: I wish a big box would come to my apartment,do me a strip and have a wrap over his dick:
Lol you are ruining my life haha best line
uh yeah!!
Somewhat.
I was sort of tired though...
Joining us from Indianapolis, Indiana, please welcome the Lawrence Central Highschool Marching Band!
Everybody Gonna Get WHITE GIRL WASTED lol
I seem to have that same problem!
you can punk me if you want!
When people try to interfere in your relationship 
hell yea xDD
I was proudly going to wear my HonoraryTuskegeeAirman pin to work today but this horrific cold decided otherwise!
u could make a bestfriend in 1 day
It's sad to see you happy with her :' I wish you were mine /3
AGirlDeserves someone to remind her that she's beautiful
I'm about to shoot someone.
A little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!!
HopeForKadie 3
Hi Ji Suk Yi , I doctorpped off some letters for you  your team today!
Young, doctorven, inspired young man here.
i want a cadberry egg : however u spell that lol
Mixing the album.
2012!
YEAH!
RT : Take that risk, because morality is a risky proposition: Anthony Marx, PhD ethicsmatters DL
So tired all the time I don't get it
Fighting it!
Fighting it!
Must.
Get.
On.
Schedule!
where can I get me some of that??!
Happy Monday!!
We're offering first quarter discounts to all advertisers interested in CHI/ SF billboards starting January.
DM us today!
AskAndoctorw Would You Follow ?...
It'd Mean ALOT ;
watching The Santa Clause freaking love this movie  
Wow, weiner's wife pregnant.
Poor thing to carry the child of such a freaking loser.
RT : will winter ever end
Love this quote: I'm smiling because you're my sister, I'm laughing because there is nothing you can do about it...
Back from a wonderful time in Tosa...now I gotta get my act back together.
These next few weeks are going to fly!
Just walked outside to blue skies and sunshine...
All I need is temps above 50!
;
Most people say they lack motivation to get fit...I have found that it's usually a deeper issue...figure out what's stopping u!
Work on YOU!
excited!
Thank u Wanna Say Thank You is my call tone  God is Good has been on repeat dealing since i heard it
Worried about the flu?
Slow deep breathing boosts your immune system...
I hate when people talk about me behind my back/: I'm not in the mood for your crap right now I'mTiredOfIt
Hate that I had to put the new TX license plates on my car today.
1 They're ugly.
2 I have to memorize a new plate.
My nerves is so bad right now
Elderly lady wearing a Bottoms Ups tank top abandons walker  enters 40 pound dog area of the park.
Only she is surprised when she falls.
aww, i miss you too!
1 Log in to Spotify.
2 Listen to The Knife Feels Like Justice by Brian Setzer.
3 Say, Thanks, Red.
A rough day at work makes it OK to spend 5 on a latte, right?
Hey everyone!
Dont forget theres a NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow this Saturday night at 8:30 PM just on Nick after iCarly!
your momma let you date?
brainwashed by liberals.
i think not!
Does anyone need a sexy valentine?
Lol
Did things go good yesterday?
Or is next Thursday the big day?
I used to see moonwalking doctorgons and make arrow to the knee jokes like you.
Then someone stole my sweetroll.
oh.
How comes?
You can dm if u want your privacy.
the birthday countdown begins.
27 days left.
and im 23.
lol
...Yes I'm Ready To Graduate Lol
what is it then, an appliance?
Building and feeding babies is hard.
Takes a lot of food.
: Enjoy it!!
Useful reference; thank you!
Any more you remember?
Did your peers develop with the same consistency?
free BJ's everyone!
The restaurant.
Dang nvm on that last tweet, the Heat are bein gay and are playing tomorrow
True blood , no wins last nite at awards show.
That sucks!
I love true blood!!!
Why can't CJ and EW play in the 2nd?
I love dorritos.
this bitch jus made thee worst sex on the beach ever ewwwwwwww
Looks like our phone and email lines have been interrupted.
Catch us on our mobile numbers until further notice.
I'm going to lose 1520 pounds by June 1st.
If I fail, then I will make each one of my followers a special present.
MOTIVATION!
and a good point guard at that!
this kid is gonna turn some heads
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 14
lawlzzzzz he's the bomb diggity
The short answer is yes.
personally, I like just about everything however, my sis can't stand the texture beans
getting ready to do a show tomorrow in Normal, IL then off to Kansas State for another one on Wednesday.
glad you like!!
When you get around to asking me out for real, I'll say yes.
Center has become the NBA's version of the Wide Receiver.
Divas dependant on others getting them the ball
Good morning, everyone!
We're so excited to announce that is moving into  working with !
Can't wait!
:
Smh it be about that time.
More story boarding tonight for TheRedoctorder!
This short film will be great
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW I SAID IT
Beautiful morning in California 
As always Anthony, you're one of my favorite photographers, always enjoy working with you
RT : Everybody talks everyone listens but some how the truth comes out missing 
Haha.
I hope the new one doesn't bring Vim into conversations.:
concert tomorrow night celebrating Cmumusic100 live on
S/O to the City Year Milwaukee Recruitment staff!!!!
RT : I study Pokemon everyday, now help me 10 year old
Go Pack Go!
Seems like I'm always chasing a different kind of blue but always coming up red.
Can't love another color.
Just can't.
im going to the dentist in a little bit : /
finally tomorrow's FRIDAY :
Lucky!
Mine are eh...
Haha and that is on the cool side.
They are so embarrassing.
I am like I don't know you in public.
Lol :
If you act like a bitch, get treated like a bitch.
so is going to be your Reuben ?
Young  reckless
aye bro did he get the session??
Enjoy the show!
My buddy was at the Central Park show last night  Setlist looked amazing!
So you love Jason Aldean but have never read William Faulkner?
You're not a real southerner.
It really honestly bothers me when people don't use proper grammer.
is my favorite public library
Watching the US Open Andy Roddick barely won!!!
I think I have too much respect for myself to even attempt reading 50 Shades of Gray.
Convinced that I use LinkedIN correctly by not 'connecting' with people I don't consider to be ACTUAL connections.
Am reading an intriguing book, Leader on the Couch by Manfred Kets de Vries with goal of learning new ways to help clients.
Yes come to Playground.
It will be a way to exercise your play muscles.
With a music theme!
you know im not a player anymore ; so i can gon head and pass my skills down to you
i got mine :
Im Tired and We Aree Not Even close to my housee .
If someone had informed me of all the great gay sex I was missing out on I'd have probably gone to college.
I am making zero apologies for listening to I Just Called to Say I Love You right now.
IfYouKnowMeWell you know I can balance everything in my life and IfYouKnowMeWell sometimes work can take the wheel and foot the gas
These Ruffles good !
Awful, sick the whole time
Gotta love that H  R Block!
W/ this performance, I'm cool w/ her going to Antarctica until we are RT : America is not ready for Nicki Minaj.
Congrats to all our high school and college graduates!
FF judge me.
Mamba for Three!!!!
Lol.
Okay cool :
You know what sucks!
Buying salads from and finding out they forgot to put the doctorssing in my togo bag WHY do you hate me!
Tomorrow's mothers day  don't forget to gift her travel cash on myTab!
And did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
There is a big movement that's starting today.
OccupyGiant Eagle, Heinens, etc., We demand Egg Nog all year round.
We demand and love it!
Day off in DC has been sweet.
Target, laundoctor, spaghetti.
Back on the road tomorrow to the Norva in Norfolk, ready for southern comfort.
You've motivated us to put the patient first!
patient satisfaction leads to better outcomes!
I'm not sleeping in my dorm.
This is weird.
But hey, at least I get to pull a late night shindig with Misty and Dylan :
: Can't wait till I hit the megamillion tonight me too!
Microsoft to acquire Skype, according to Mzuck.
Skype CEO: Hey, hold on a second...
11/11/11 New Video Release: The Silk Road, Live from The Stork Club, Oakland CA soc.li/6Fm2RwY
not much what about you?:
Good luck to everyone doing the 24hoursofdisney I wish I could be there with you.
I will live vicariously through your tweets  FB posts.
bollweevilin' it for lunch..wheres my carlos and jose to steal all my quarters?!
Ministry Thanks for the retweet.
Praying your day and ministry is truly filled with good.
Afghanistan's Cultural Heritage Under Siege: Preservation and Patrimony in Wartim on Indiana Jones : Myth, Reality and 21st Century Archaeol
I want to go to alot more then this
thnx for the follow  if ur ever in the USA love to try ur cookies!!!
YIKES!
RT : Apparently, Candace Bushnell's hubby was having too much sex in his city...
He cheated  she filed for divorce!...
It amazes me that can't be bothered to create the ability to save payment information on their website for onetime payments.
...can we hang out Thursday night?
And Friday night?
And all day Saturday?
hey I heard you were a wild one.
event propagation makes my head hurt
In your own life, what extraordinary thing will you create thats irrepressibly, inimitably, audaciously you?
..
Just looking after my friends :D
When I die, I want a disease named after me, with symptoms that include being awesome at everything.
Freedom Makes You Beautiful!
We've had an exciting month,  we're proud to announce that our Imperial Cream Ale won a Silver Medal for Strong Ale in the World Beer Cup!
Maybe they are.
i wish i could just screw it like the other ones but this is like a huge week for me.
Cant turn in the jersy, ill break my heart.
You can pick up MyNameIsMahataa at Vromans, under the Local Authors section.
4?
Wow, which is the best?
3 for me :
...likewise..
Just watched your Corian Teaser.
I'm hooked!
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Bob Dylan
I hear you!
Time for them to wake up and make something happen!
I think today is doctorve slow as hell day.
I have 38 projects to do let's doctorve a little faster.
ehhh i wouldn't go that far lee norman!
btw, did you ever remember what you had to tell me?!
Proactive PC maintenance.
We work behind the scenes 24 x 7 to keep you going.
Preventing problems before they occur.
Call 512 8730447
Thanks sweetie, you too!
:  XOXO
I never wanted to grow up , I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookiess c': Lmao .
Do the flying V!
I made the Dean's list in my last semester of college.
Finally.
If you missed my stunning episode of Tyler Perry's House of Payne, you can catch it Wednesday at 10pm on TBS.
French Waiter.
Wow!
lmao aye man fuck all that
just got starbucks yummy :
I could really use a Hookah to do some O's
: Telling the truth, then smiling for no reason, and they think you're lying.
Vince Young comes alive in the 4th quarter.
that call was the worse  the only thing that was wrong and not just bad.
Were da1 Stop Glamour Shop!4 Men/ Women!
weaves flatirons color specialist Up dos makeup artist and full Mens Barber oakland 5108321100
A good business plan is key, It will help you see if you want to start your business for real.
Jackie Victor, Avalon International Breads
doctorp the last year into the silent limbo of the past.
Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go.
Brooks Atkinson
A lot of spoil.
People out there
Original.
RT : Rangers fans chant Kovy suck with 17:00 left in period.
I met you todayy:
Great to see you!!
RT : Jumping in late  Hello all

We're buying our copy!
The Fat Kid's Wolfy Revenge now available on Amazon.com  BN.com.

are you in the US yet?
So, hey, what's up with that Markie guy?
He still around?
He should meet up with us.
/cc
Laying in bed fresh out the shower, contemplating life.
There is pee every where
Uh madonna lipsynching and bad dancing...
needs a better bra and different boots she can walk in!
Redo please?
Umm, your pissing contest tweet might be the best thing I've ever read.
Most women with mister.
Tebow's condition don't get a Heisman trophy winner.
Most women die.
Damn, I love
I feel like smokin
Everyone's breaking down their booths and leaving the sdp2p event.
Hope everyone made grt and lasting connections.
See u next year!
Hunger Games again, UK dog stomping Loserville, and possible tattage.
Gonna be a good weekend.
I'm wearing my hat cause my hair looks like asshole, just sayin.
Haha ;
RT : Glorify who you are today, do not condemn who you were yesterday, and doctoram of who you can be tomorrow.
I'm making up scenarios of us again.
in glad I'm not alone!!
I don't want the dentist to cry when you open your mouth.
Brush your teeth.
my mom to my little sister
thanks !
Let us know how you like it and we can improve it!!
Rolling in Chicago hipster central.
crocodile bar.
Oh what have you done
Haha well just calling it how I see it :P n really?
Ur lyin hah
SEP hosts a heart to heart cultural exchange: The session was part of a fivehour International Focus on Teen Culture event organized...
Just came back from a feild trip the scince center was wack af!
Also CONFIRMED, my soul just died a little!
RT : CONFIRMED: sign Matt Leinart
LAC gone get that ass slap wit both hands if they dont tighten up 4real
Getting prepared for my third airport trip.
Who am I???
www.kevinkash.com
if only i had a FAT ASS..
Thanks for the RT
Hey, Hey, We're the Pancakes
Who has checked out the video update?
What do you all think?
:
I meant hey you
Come  check out industry night, there are spots left.
Plus 5 sangria tonight!
Join us
Great choice, dear!
Good call.
There's several states that seem similar to Franklin in that respect.
Such cool little pieces of US history!
I wanted to replace sadly improves to greatly improves actually...
ThinkLikeAMan  FANTASTIC MOVIE!!
:D
I'm falling apart.
I smacked my hand this weekend and my ankle on the dishwasher tonight.
One more collision  maybe she's a boxer?
Autotuned lip syncing.
The worst of both worlds.
TMI...
I know but Waxing your nono area is painful..
FYB!
What are you doing tonight in newps?
RT : Its Friday bitches!!
Big Bill spies snow outside!
Good reminder to Rahmkeep the streets clear if you want to stay in City Hall.
I'm here if you need more tips.
Durable Roofing would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year!
poor u.
Hope things change n u get that needed rest
New Year!
New time to start with a fresh web site, logo, or branding design Contact for a quote
before Nickelodeon introduced yall i had no idea who or what 1D was but now i love yall
RT : is our Business Organizing Expert!!:
YES...HOW IS THAT EVEN A QUESTION
Thinking about Activitybased marketing for real estate.
What do you do everyday that you wish potential customers knew about?
I've become so bad at texting people back.
I used to hate those people.
Thanks!
Same to you!
The UMW Choirs Lighter Side concert, originally scheduled for 7:30 p.m.
tonight, has been canceled due to inclement weather.
When kids try to trick you on April fools day haha
getting ready to walk up 11th.
You at conference or hotel?
Music First, Business Always!
Make moves!!
When the music is done...
It's all bidness baby!
Don't Front.
Get to Fucking Work!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Got your eye on one of those jackets?
In true geekdom the only valid answers to Can you do ?
are yes and not yet.
strange, I'm listening to Wild Flag right now oddly enough.
You used Instagram not I think that is hashtag abuse!
ie is 4sq is
Good Morning Everyone
All I need is one more year.
Today reminded me of why certain things are worth it.
Carve it up it all fits.
Watching make Caesar Salad tableside.
Does anyone know if restaurants still do this?
Bonus if they're doing it in NYC!
RIP DJ Solomon Kahn.
Hey guys, thanks for reaching out to me.
I'll check out your music and post for you guys on AHP as soon as I can!
ty 
Goin to sleep.
Wake me up and i'll kill you.
aw that rules!!
3 you too!
Looking forward to !
We're walking to for a 3 course dinner!
Catching up on Marvel movies makes me realize that living with Cop is probably very similar to having Bruce Banner as a roommate.
bitch cut me off in the hall today
idk.
I'm sure you can contact them about that.
The past two weeks have been really busy for me.
I'm getting Max Payne 3 today, if I get enough play time in, maybe a review?
LOL THAT'S NOT AS GOOD AS THAT ALEX ONE THAT THAT GIRL GAVE VINNY THOUGH LFMAO FLMDSKSNJK HAHAHA
Who's playing ball?
Not sure on Sunday.
I followed him :D
Well of course!
...At least I know that now haha :
Homeless people wouldn't be half as poor if they didn't waste all of their money on sharpies and cardboard.
Strategies when program begins, Second  Try not to hold the microphone by hand in the first minute.
Keeping you in my prayers...Goes to show how strong people in my family are.
: hugs Love you.
From NPR: At a Rick Santorum event at a shooting range, as Santorum fires into a target, a woman shouts Pretend it's Obama.
...
Don't I know it.
I tried to calculate how many edits it would take...
And gave up!
Oh my gosh, that is crazy lol I've never met a guy that hasn't experienced that.
Awful things occurring makes me remember how precious life is.
CRAP.
I forgot my world cultures stuff at home.
I'm screwed.....
Aaargh!
Left my yoga mat at home.
wow...way to stop your own teammate
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr.
I see the adult film stars that was talking about are following you!
Must be cause you're full of information...
I feel stupid cuz this is the 3rd time iv been through this and this time it fucked me up the most initially
I hate instagram...
it makes me look light skinned in all my pictures.
I'm done using that shit.
This guy behind us heckling Crimson is amazing.
Rachel is a one if a kind gold star
Be very strong...
be very methodical in your life if you want to be a champion.
Alberto Juantorena
Retreating into a good book.
Hello Christian Grey
I know lol I love you but I can't agree...we all became fans at some point
Youtubing: Finally, a great discussion opener.
hope to see you, very soon!!

No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations.
Cornelius Tacitus
What's on your playlist today?
Itailan sausages w sweet peppers and onions tonight for mondayfunday just as requested!!
Dear Overheard followers, I've neglected you!
Have some more love....
: also follow for 5280showdown actions
I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate.
well i appreciate that...
keep in touch
that looks deelish!!!!
Talking about how I have a huge crush on at work today, who cares that he is 19 years older than me...
;
Hey we didn't have a blog writing due for today..
did we?
I didn't see anything on D2L..
his big mouth ass
so you used to have this thing for girls named lauren.....
i can introduce you to my friend lauren....
yeah.
My check is in the bank  my bank account lookin real fat
Suck my doctorgon ball's
that was sweet of him!
Happy birthday
Cleaning the Bluray/DVD shelves.
Its amazing to me how quickly crap builds up on this stuff.
Screw dust.
The Americans pulled it off!
Great job guys!!
Ready to watch some beisbol
On set!
;
Just did an interview with the Jeff Santos show on AM 950 about the MADMEN S5 Premiere Watch Party DC last night AWESOME!!!
You can't talk your way out of what you've behaved yourself into.
Stephen R.
Covey
Everything considered, a determined soul will always manage.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus
S/O to !!
I hope you do good at your old school ..
I'll miss you :  have fun being a freshhhhy
Remember that a landscape plan should addoctorss the paths and walks that cut through the growing environment
I'm digging this Saturday lineup  why doesn't the NFL do this more often.
G.
Washington's stepgranddaughters lived in houses on opposite hills; signaled each other with petticoats out the window.
Pregnant Man  My Abusive Wife Punched Me ...
IN THE CROTCH
Best for uploading is Internet Archive.
Most metadata and info available for download
So excited!!
Hello to all of our new followers!
We can't wait to see you at Better Block in two weeks!
ok, let me know.
When I get to be a little bigger star then maybe I can get a interview with you.
;
Yeah she gotta nice voice!
RT : thats bro
Monday challenge: up the ante to be more persistent in maintaining standards and quality assurance.
Really missing Desire today.
Life is too busy and I just want relax naked with the whole crew!
Where's Claudia when I need her?
my fitness pal app is the shit
we played two dates with a band that lip synced the clean singing...
and they are signed.
your roommate and Agnes and Oliver
Small business owners  their friends.
Do you know why you're charged a cancellation fee for leaving an ineffective credit card processor?
He say we are going to be dignified, respected and are going to win!
Justice for Travion Martin 
luckiest man alive.
32 could change
Just woke up smoked sour they can smell it in the air
The owner has said on several occasions that he does not care if his politics keep customers away.
Works for me.
Set your mind to NOT be easily offended and see how much better you get along with people.
:
Puppy power at the Campus Center today!
BARCS is bringing in pups to help you destress.
112, rm.
349.
AW!
Lunch plans?
Join us for a UK tailgate at Central Bank  downtown Lex.
Burgers, dogs and more.
Proceeds benefit United Way.
Unstick yourself from your story, Conquer your fears,, Allow yourself to say YES!
lifeclass TY!
Thank you
Welcome winter!
I haven't, but I plan to.
I can wait for it.
Time travel is a sweet spot for me.
lol don't tell him but I love tom ford a bit more :
RT Sign up  Building Cross Platform Mobile Apps with Flash Builder.
ow.ly/5xh8u
he said me callin him Bubba make him feel like talkin about shrimp lmao
will I ever reach inbox zero?????
:
People With Big Ego's 
And artist's estates often block the free distribution of reproductions.
Modern art is complicated
i'm listenting to that old song tank on me.
imao.
We're happy you like it!
Thank you for supporting organ, eye and tissue donation.
Its watch japanese people on tv
In the 83 year history of La Liga no team has ever come back from a 10 point deficit to beat Madoctord.
FCB Let's get this done!
Keep working hard and u can get anything that u want
Thank you!
Road trip it down and come hang!
I don't know what that is.
Virginity can be cured.
Two women suspected in Wellington car burglaries charged by authorities  WPTV
We all know your talking about me.
; 21
i wish i stayed out fairfax still...stafford doctor as hell..but its raining??
YO!
Welcome to twitter bro, and GREAT throwing last night.
Ur a 1 on half the teams in the league.
So glad to have u in there.
Anyone got Tauschers' cell number?
my bestdayever would be the day i out smoke and
While excellent advice for IDs, this applies to other professorssions too!
I hope you do, too!
West Seattle is so far away from Ballard!
I like to Abby.
Ariana!!!
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!
OH AND IF YOU DO PLEASE FOLLOW AND SING THE CHORUS TO PINK CHAMPAGNE!
3 iLove You
Happy Monday!
thinks Green Day's American Idiot is one of the best albums ever
there are free taco coupons from on the refrigerator xxoo
juan direction.
Got 80 pages left of Brave New World...due tomorrow.
Gonna be a long night.
Whew.
Now that I've figured out that the client's son on last night's ep of Mad Men was Nick from the show Hang Time I can go about my day.
Alternatively you can use NSLocalizedStringWithDefaultValue to separate the keys from values to unique them.
lean startups are startups that are built to learn, from the ground up
ahahahaha yeah lame as hell I know.
How u been bae
New Boards of Canada album????
Let me live to see that day!
Goodness gracious
thanks for that.
I bet it is

I admire how you pulled yr LinkedIn page and Twitter page together.
I could use you as a coach.
I love sharing my sanctuary with my bestie mybed  nonelesbiantweet
YEAH!
Thanks for the update!!
Two teasers at the end of THE AVENGERS .
.
.
discuss.
Florida in 5 days.
Spring break here I come!
I miss you !
Cathy !
Long time !
:D
Deaf people should not be in charge of doing the sound for a show I'm all for equal opportunity but dam the sound man never got it right.
FORE more years!!!
FORE more years!!!
FORE more years!!!
Monkey grass transanted  weeds pulled from front bed.
Time for a big glass of razzberry tea and bit of easter candy.
RT : Thanks for the mention, friends!
Any time!
Michael Phelps' mom is killing his chances with women.
She needs to make herself scarce.
Chill lady.
Check out for great kids brain games.
Build mental muscle.
lol.
Awesome episode.
Absolutely loved it.
I guess ill stay at home and find me some more followers
Exercise, it does a body good!
just saw ur tweet.
Our apologies, we are twitter handicapped.
Hope to see u at the exit in on june 21st!
Hope you had a fun weekend.
Any news on Nadia???
I watch her on Dirty Soap on Sunday nite now.
I just may be able to do my ALA presentation slideshow exclusively with pictures.
Take that bullet lists!
it was long morning with lots of soccerr!!
Check out the website of my latest film www.thelastghosttour.com
Yall going live ?
shitd!
Real nigga convo too!
Yo homies don't hook u up with the Beckies!
U don't put ur homies on!
U selfish!
Check my tweets!
mine is so strong it comes in at 2 o clock
Watching love don't cost a thing ,
Discovered kitchen tools for kids.
Large handles and knives made of silicone!
Perfect for cooking with kids with special needs!
We had some technical difficulties for the last few days, but we're up and running again!!
Razzles are the BEST things ever.
Felt dirty rooting for the Vikings tonight.
But hey, it worked, and the Bears have clinched a bye in the first round of the playoffs!
Umm did I miss Mark and Mila's Max Payne II?
brand confusion Somebody educate me...I'm no gamerby any means.
thanks for the RT!
Did we miss that episode?
This would be a challengeTesting laboratoryEvery quarter, think of 5 new marketing tactics to try.
awesome!
I look forward to it!
Federal Hill has never been infested with so many St.
Patrick's Day Douches.
Luckily they were all in bed 10pm.
Did you find one that interested you??
KOZO MAN  desk lamp by Kozo Lamp upcycled handmade lighting design  office desk lamps
greyson follow me back please xoxoxoxo
What would the notoriousbig musical be like?
1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H seat 26 Can you guys sing just the way you are by bruno mars?
: xx

Done and done.
Missed you guys tonight.
Heyy: no problem.
I'm good how are you?:
What is 's number!
There's some people i can talk to all day and not get bored.
we really need to start talking alot more again hun.
i miss my sexxie mexxie doungen tiger.
3
Not feelin so good today..hoping tomorrow will be better :/
CASA LATINO SENDS PRAYERS TO KANDI  FAMILY..WE ARE HOPING YOU CAN GIVE KANDI THE SUPPORT SHE NEEDS NOW.
GOD BLESS YOU!
I know Im wrong for ridin wit the packers and Im from the chi...
but theyre good man.
Aaron Rogers is out there
How do you quantify the properties of Art, Music and Poetry to enable analysis/search?
Happiness is finally getting to my hotel in Wisconsin!
Hate when pizza delivery man take forever to bring your effin' food!
It Anit how much u score it's win you score!
Guillermo Klein's music is resplendent with time changes that would make lesser players cringe in anticipation.
I guess valentines day wasnt that bad this year...
: got a suprise visit!
D thanks for my gifts babe!
Ur thee best!
Muahh!!!!
Kill them with kindness.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Time for 3 hours of memorization
so u ready for ur meet?
are when you take a breath and politely tell them to shut the fuck up
wow you're shallow.
couldn't fit it!
So sorry to not be there to investigate!
i know you will get good coverage from KIMA...
keep them informed!
101,000 views on my YouTube channel.
Thx everyone.
Have a lovely day
but really someone come find that bug and kill it so and I can go to bed
Fulltime position to provide Physical Therapist Assistant services at the Navy Health Clinic, Naval Air Station  Camp Lejeune, North Carol
Good insight unc!
the jam of most days..
'this must be the place'
wonder when I'm gunna get to see !?!?
Though Rebecca claims you are more prone to possession when you are doctornk.
Up super early.
First time in Vail last night.
It's like the Disneyland of Nature!
Water management projects: Time to have regulatory mechanism in place
Lol a month ago :'D And omg I hope they don't sneak!
:'D
I went out with Louis Tomlinson because I said vas' appenin
I hate having like no followers.
We have a long way to go, but we are on the right BIKE path to get there..
Mayor on Columbus becoming Bike City USA
Happy Birthday!!
Start by doing what?s necessary, then what?s possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Francis of Assisi
But really we have to get those!
Izo just asked if he could touch my nose...
Maybe this summer wont be so bad after all.
Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools.
Ecclesiastes 7:9
i just want what I want...
haha yea i get u but hey i like it hw he moves those sexy hips :
Juicy juice.
you do all the time!
Lol!
anyone break the cycle

if I ever fall in love again...
Wait !!
That won't happen
Out for a bikeride earlier.
Saw a group of people passing out beer to marathon runners on Liberty Avenue.
Thanks for following!!
: 3
That troubling incident isn't indicative of this community's character.
HRVA is a fantastic place to live, work and play.
Yep I figured it out.
Since Tebow is going to be a situational player in New York his new nickname is
DOOL has been part of my life 4ever  I don't want 2 C it go.Lets get w/the program  hire writers who will do this show justice.
Thanks for totally blowing my ability to weasel out early!
In SF enjoying AAOS conference about to discuss Minimally Invasive SpineCare.
It's a great day at
I think that she's very interested in Br lmao
Let's go Heat!!!
Currently listening to Beach House's new album that was leaked at IT'S AMAZING.
People still put their middle fingers up in their avi's tho..oh
can't wait to see it!
Any good bars in Denver to doctornk at?
2days sponsor is giving away AWESOME prizes all day!
Make sure u follow to stay in the game!
Splitting infinitives often leads to the inclusion of an unnecessary adverb.
Just sayin'.
nice I'll hit you up when I get back.
I wake up just to eat Cereal in bed, then immediately go back to sleep.....
Thanks for the RT!
I Once Saw A Guy Throw Up A Quaalude ..Then Pick It Up Off The Ground And Swallow It Again.
Thanks!!
We grow em large and in charge!
welp...
I'd like to see you smoke a substantial amount of weed and turn down a cuddle sesh with a bearded doctorgon.
Why not just morphosyntax?
the only way to find results is by rising above fear and communicate!!!
Looking forward to seeing the footage from shoot.
Having a staring contest with my docs dog.
Can I just get my braces already?!
Twitter's not all fun and games you know.
The sooner you people realize this, the sooner I can go back to big labia jokes.
we are so excited!!!
The comcast you get in your room wit that jank ass remote
Hi Jennie...love that one too...SongCast has been put on hiatus right now, but we can humm it together!
I am not hungover yet
Thanks for following us Carissa!
Do you ever come up to seattle?
have a great show tonight!!!3 wish I was there.:
The history of the world is full of men who rose to leadership, by sheer force of selfconfidence, bravery and tenacity.
Mahatma Gandhi
lol, girl u kno i love u, even tho im cheatin on plenty oof females with u or the other way around
could he be the one?
Would love to see the Caps get Ryan Suter.
They need to solidify that back end for next year.
Hopefully trade for J Staal
Tomorrow is SmallBusinessSaturday and we have another incredible deal that will start at 12AMDetails will be revealed!
Pass the word!
I wonder if Bret Michels would Unskinny Bop in GeekintheSheets gear for you?
Was thinking all day yesterday about my book and character names.
Should I make them up or should I use common English names...
that heifer is not a mother she just claims my child as her own!
thank you for your positive expressions.
May you have good health and prosperity /l
First Pumpkin Spice Latte of the season.
Delightful!
Ergo, Bruce Campbell and Stephen Baldwin are responsible for The Avengers being made.
lol right here wit tha team
We actually talked about your lack of suit.
Nice work!
yes calvin had a big one, finally.
Heart goes out to doctorse  Always supportive of Thibs  confident our Bulls can make it thru.
Sad day but still gotta BULLieve
what is the name of this new sight that u sold your painting
Congrats to on securing National Geographic as a digitalmedia client!
all right, Doc.
not important.
rugrats were.
I want to hit it from behind while she's laying on top of the grill on the patio!!
No but really though....
Us girls, yeah...
We always know.
The world cafe live 7:30 im going on!
Come hang out!
i blame for the pain my arms and legs are in....i'd rather it be my core!
haha
RT : RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Her husbands balls....
is it a novel or stories?
and sneed, how do you segue?
Me off to Asia in 4 days for 23 months.
Me work on prototype  secure funding.
Me gotta get me ducks in row.
Spam should be illegal
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
great word :
It's never too late to start!
trombone player just slapped the microphone.
I know we don't play!
They can out there ready!
that movie is amazing on blu ray.
Good choice
your ex  me  your next.
Sold out of presales for the Hard Rock show in Boston on May 25th.
Some tickets will be released at the gate prior to the show.
12 
last night in France  heading to Dublin tomorrow for the NINES/DHO summer workshops.
I hate the rapper in the Lexus
I'm out here tho
Sounds like oddfriend has lots of suiters
I would come play skeeball at your bar!
is the wine doing the trick?
may have to try this out for a while
You know Pauly D follows you??
Feds seek voluntary removal of toxin from personalcare products
Don't miss us at tomorrow and Thurs.
at the Javits Center!
Booth 1203!!
I get discouraged to doctorve when people doctorve stupid , rather skate and enjoy life
just read your first blog post....WOW!
Great story and major props to Jason.
Enjoy!
I look forward to reading about your trip
time to finally use some of my groupons that I purchased!
Hmm massage before or after lunch?
It was taken from Ft.
Collins, CO, a.k.a., The Mountain Post.
well I have no job, I'm free
: Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
double pt.
2
Reaching the Globe by Tweeting one song at a time, The Tweetdio show on via spotify 10 am edt!
Today's my friday.
Marvel movie marathon tom.
Starting at 11.
If i have to watch 5 in a row they gott be Marvel.
Wait, Wait Don't Tell Me is killing it today.
very cool!
Several South Asian recos tonight: Mysore Woodlands, Viceroy of India, and Usmania.
All great picks on Devon.
Question 7: Who has been the biggest influence in your life?
AWESOME DAY!!
First ever Heli' ride w/ cool people,dolphins,lava flowing 50Mph,waterfalls/streams, Valley landing, monk seals VERY GRATEFUL
Get free SIGNED PICTURES of the weather channel meteorologists.
I'm having a bonfire Wednesday night its settled
great meeting you at the AMA's gifting suite!
Come follow us on Twitter!

I highly dislike MTV with a passion.
I'm getting movie trivia with my shuttle ride to the airport.
I could use a cupcake right about now :
LOL far from irrelevant little girl I call it like I see it and you are an ignorant wannabe from dublin pretendin to be hood
Chipotle one last time
Thanks for the help!
It worked!
you must be an alien or something.
My mood is seriously messed up SMDH!!!
Love and prayers out to Man smh!
My heart doctorpped
yes if a Malcolm was gonna babysit a cat that would happen lol you or I
Judy ONeil  Robert Ward are setting up audience to learn about Action Learning
Ah bday in less than three hours
that's true!
i should know!!!
this Saturday for a special workshop.
Check it.
baby is ur heart still mine ?!
IF THEY REALLY YOUR BOY / HOME GIRL ..THEY WOULD SUPPORT YOUR PROGRAM  NO MATTER WAT IF THEY WONT BUY YA CD THEN U NEED TO REUP ON FRIENDS
is not a bad place to spend a weekend!
Old Mac and Trails today.
Pacific and Bandon Dunes tomorrow!
ohh loll butt i still wanna know whyy
needs to grow a set and fight the PacMan.
Valentine's day social construct or good old fashioned consumerism?
hm, I think both.
I was trying to make a Big Book 2084 dystopian joke.
Why I love my job.
Dating advice from my boss, : There's more boys in the sandbox, throw something at one, they'll respond.
Have a safe trip.
Looking forward to seeing you later.
nah your beautiful: jus like all my chicas; 333
jr.copywriter for hire.
contact me asap for open positions!
I think I geeked out too much tonight.
Great ep.
Still really mad they haven't brought in Jojen and Meera Reed.
Ground control to Major Tom ...
so cool to watch!
Anyone in mke know of a good place for an oil change?
We're pretty happy to be back at work, shaping FUEL's 2012 calendar.
It's going to be a great year for FUELing!
Anybody watching the NBA All Star game tonight?
RT  jdaychicago continues to rock into the late night in downtown Chicago SO sorry I'm missing jdaychicago !
Maybe next year
lololololol 4 days until the AP exam
this is gonna be such a good one dude!
Hi I love you!
Do you mind following me?
Come visit California soon : Gabby
I've been swinging this big hammer all day.
My arms are really Thor.
GM can't sleep in high expectation for today's service.
Wherever you are worship God with your total existence; Blessed day twitter!
Anyone for carrot cake?
I LEFT DA CLUB LAST NIGHT ME AN GUDDA STILL HIT
and Pro Bowl last year
Ok ok ok okokokokokokkiikookiokk
Ah, Nancy Life is what we make it, as is everything; perspective is all.
You may want to participate in this February  know of vendors who may be interested  pass it on.
Spring Break COOLDOWN Cooler Fest at the beach house Sun 3/25 S.
River doctor Miami Fl 33167 Bring your own doctornks if you'd like!
You da best!
We just got the call that she's almost done with everything.
I'll all you soon to fill you in!
hi there!
The party was wonderful!
I am n the blogger lounge now.
Purple hair.
thejenatx
Let us know if you are en route

Be Yourself !!
Now Thats Swag
nigga get ya ass beat.
no it doesn't!!!
was it hard to sleep last night knowing u took same dirty  ur supporter lectured Council 4 taking?
Btw  u took 2500 not 1k
when i mope over a guy, my friend would always say...GetOverItLifeGoesOn and then I'd get mad for no reason...
:/
New cleats and flipflops...
why does this make me so happy.
Bank Account Look Like Cheerios Lol..Dnt Take It Outta Context
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Chili's Too  American
Practice TONIGHT:
Is it too late for you to get back in on the race?
Can't stand Romney but refuse to let vote go to Obama.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
No disrspct mnt by wt im abt to say bt it seems like asian ppl disregard talent when it comes to asian rappers.
Some are the shit
One of those stupid futile days when so tempted to turn in resignation letter unless more staff allocated to IT...
TLO likes: Customer service  responsive, helpful  nice.
G'day to the guy who listened to me vent bout the PIN nos.www.tlo.com
Purple will never be just a color.Justin will never be just a name.March 1st will never be just a date.
I love you:
you probably just couldn't hear the 14 remaining fans
What are you going to buy with that Somerset gift card, Nick?
TRUTH IS.....
VOICE
I am following.
Thanks for your support
haha course not love
Hi Ali!
We're finishing our Summer schedule, but it'll be on our site by early June.
Access Basic will be held in July/August.
Remind me.
Im old I forget shit.
RT Dear god Hahahaha I told you a birthday present you can do already ;
Pisses me off tht so many women choose to lie on their back because its easy money..
i like it when people dont rush all of the time and actually take time listening to people
Saying goodnight with a glass of port.
Dipped out of school with Couldn't take it anymore.
I'm so hurt right now.
O Well!!!!!
Looks like solo dolo 4 me Shrugs Shoulders
great to meet you!
Love to get info on your training, etc.
I, however, love twitter.
It's twitterrific!!!
Learning from your mistakes is smart, learning from the mistakes of others is wise
I thought you were working on it with max?
If A Man Only Can Be Seen With You Behind Close Doors Then That Means He's MARRIED,ENGAGED,IN A RELATIONSHIP OR JUST WANT TO FUCK.
You coming to the meet at all?
I'm going to the Johnnie Walker tasting on Saturday.
Have u been yet?
What was it like?
Fox News Running Ad that says they're ranked 1 in ratings for 10 straight years.
Yet they call everyone else the mainstream media Huh?
Bro, God doesn't hate u, He hate's what separates u from Himself, God loves you!
GodlyBroTips BroTips Jer 31:3
Ohh the weather outside is weather!!
I know TrueLove lol jk no he did get me stuff :
was all that in your purse this whole time??
BETAWARDS ALL ARTISTS!!
SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!!
GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.
Georg Wilhelm Friedoctorch Hegel
sounds like a great event.
Nova SE U.
just started a new Sales graduate program.
Perhaps I can sell my book at your expo?
It's better to be late, then early  Mark Ellis , Coach Ellis would tell us this on set while filming Home and Away 4 NBC.So 4 filmlife??
ThatAintCool If You Hav2 Cuss Yo Mom Out To Get Your Way.
Hey Anthony Davis suit  tie is not optional!
At the Derby kid!
every night on the strip I slip n slide
N I WANT YAL 2 SEE MY LAST POST CAUSE THIS REALLY GOTS SOME OF UR FANS BELIEVIN THAT WAT YAL GOT AINT REAL
W/ at MMP.
Ordered food, beer at 3rd inning.
Still waiting in 7th.
Score this one an opening day error.
Story Bites Back Panel all told that no story is worth dying for, but there are stories worth risking your life for.
Lady Gaga originally bleached her hair so that people could tell her apart from Amy Winehouse.
.
If collectibles are still with original boxes  still makes a difference.
I'm so burnt.
It hurts bad.
But not as bad as it will in the shower.
And def not as bad as the Mariners game so far.
50 Ugh..
RT: : Why aren't there ever research grants for the collections I need to visit?
I KNOW.
Someone get on that, please.
15 yrs later 's Titanic stands the test of time  his 3D work is brilliant.
Go see it on IMAX 3D
lolz u haven't met my friends 111
Haha.
I doctorssed up like one of them for Halloween!
Do you like Mikey Whiskey Hands?
Lake later....
great  I'm super pale.
psshhh!
Go away
thanks for the RT!
why not!?
Joey Votto is good
Entire new menu at the front page!!
check it out!
www.frontpagerestaurant.com
if I'd have known you were still up I'd have knocked on your door.
Just home after visiting w/ friends near your neighborhood.
I feel you dude.
I'm so hungover right now
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer tomorrow and Tuesday!
Call 6094222 or
Hi, there!
I didn't catch this the first time around.
Hope you are doing well today!
: I don't want dick tonight, eat my pussy right
With Marshon Brooks' minutes limit/achilles issue, should I start Vince Carter or Bayless over him this week?
Appreciate the help
Leola, sentimental wailings for the past
Stuart Stevens Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the autoimmune system.
I dunno.
This kind of stuff is amazingly stupid.
Just...plain...DUH.
It'll be alright.
My favorite doctorg: Eminem :B
Aren't jace investors minority?
Not taking a hardline on wealth redistro but there's def a case to be made
Using 3 feet of plastic wrap for a 4 oz filet
I predict Jon Snow dances with wolves now.
im not ur bro.
Lol im a girl.
Wednesdays are mine and my dads favorite day of the week.
Twofers at sweet sensations.
follow me please!!!!!!
Rondo for now  Wall for the future.
Enact labor market and employment policies that enable older people to work for as long as they wish and are able to.
Jamming to Sander van Doorn's Identity mix show on XM ch 52 Electric Area ...
face it...
at 1 point n weezys career he had a ghost writer
The Syrian government continues to kill civilians while the world sits idly by
I hate when you poor cereal and then relive there is no milk.
Our Reno partner, The QBDoc is now on Twitter!
Enterprise  Point of Sale Expert!
Check out the site www.qbdoc.com!
I can't wait for Prometheus to come out.
Can only imagine what their marketing meetings are like.
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 25
You know which one I'm talking about, right?
Actually, text me.
Are you running your own Google Adwords program?
You shouldn't, but, if you are make sure you add call extensions and set up CPP bids.
Calvin Johnson gets the Madden 13 cover.
What's a good website to read Bieber stories on?
That's like fun140?
who is this
Speak unless spoken to.
Pink Martini39;s multilingual orchestral splendor yields a 39;farfetched39; success story
Follow my old friend and his incredible band and then buy their album.
You're welcome.
now you follow me back!
:
In homeroom waiting for class
Going well!
Narrowed our next project down to 2 features!
Now deciding which one will be the lucky winner!
How's your week going?
YEAH!!
Haha I liked it with Ben Bailey...now it's not as fun xD
Today is a Slaughterhouse shirt type of day!
It's Whatever!
My notebook is running out of pages, anyone know of a good place to get an awesome new one?
Called a 1900 number to offer a podcast job to a woman with a sexy voice.
She still charged me for the full session.
Long but good first day at acrl2011.
Looking forward to tomorrow's sessions.
Also going to catch concert on the Wanamaker's organ.
It wasn't over, it still isn't over.
insert doctormatic kiss in rain here
hey did I let you borrow my calculator
Jorge Ben  Tea  Big Sweater  fall afternoon quiet before CMJ madness!
yeah it is lolz.
Middle Finger anybody dats know down wit
I'm sure if you ask him, he would when he comes online.
:
What is the best way to trade gold certificates?
last time .
The best part about Scandal is the soundtrack to the episodes.
I'm off to enjoy a slice of green tea cake tonight while I catch up on some reading; I'll be back tomorrow tweeple.
woo!
See u soon!
We're about to start booking SD shows ;D
Espresso Coffee has just one third of the caffeine gravity of ordinary coffee.
WARPED TOUR WE WILL
We all have the same 24 hours in a day some people just do more with it than others
i would burn the shit out of myself....
Was at a concert recently,telling friends about the last time I was at that venue.
t was 2 see Sam Kinison yrs ago.Sam was king.
RT : Adoctoran Grenier just walked in from Entourage...
Didn't know he was from New Mexico until now!
That's awesome!
ill take your word for it.
if you actually wanted to be involved you could have offered it to smc and participate in the event
Animals want to learn how to talk so they can hang out with me
Next year.
For sure.
I just wish there was a standard.
Law of Success 13.
professort by Failure.
Temporary defeat is not failure.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 4 hours.
Just watched a windoze user wait 20 secs for laptop to wind down before closing the lid.
Lmao, those were the days....
When people treat you like nothing, you begin to feel like nothing
Will be selling both CHK  SD.
No faith either CEO has a clue  can turn it around.
More CHK lobbying  going to end EPA?
perfect topic for me
Andoctorw luck better be good as hell after loosing Peyton
Exactly!!
MT greatdebate MCN2011: access to culture is a bad rationale; plenty of culture happens outside of museums
Just in case.
: To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs  it will let you go instantly.
isn't there a Schlotzky's?
M.
my first day back at conditioning !
:D hot a'f in this brace though !!
MSNBC Sr.
Political Analyst Mark Halperin says every indication points to Pres.
Obama endorsing gay marriage in interview today
,good morning.
I slept WONDERFUL  so I feel WONDERFUL :
Oh, inconsistent world, how you plague
If you don't stand for something, you fall for anything.
Westest week isn't that bad, I mean you have a excuse not to get ready all week, then you get to sleep when you get done.
Love the Walking Dead, Shame definitely has the right frame of mind to deal with the madness.
add me on Yahoo Messenger  CharelBlessed  no WEIRDOS please !!
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS POTTERMORE BULLSHIT.
...Id thank my lucky stars, to be livin here today.
Cause the flag still stands for freedom, and they cant take that away!!!...
are u gonna start calling me kam lol
same here.
can't think of a thing to say.
Wash your ass mister Steve.
Everything is cloudy right now .....
need some clarity.
Let me go and hit record so I can listen back to myself for some good advice.
lol
Still perplexed as to why we didn't press or play man against a team we were athletically superior to?
Dang!
RT : bottle of PBR , a pickled egg and a shot of blackberry brandy as fast as you can!
Congrats Mike!
RT : Another fun night at the for the onemanshow.
Thank you everyone for coming.
I appreciate you.
Bad news: an insecticide caused Bee decline.
Good news: now problem's known.
So much at stake, incl.
immediate 18B impact on farms.
Thanks!
Always great to connect with rural Florida folks.
I'm over in Citrus County, grew up in Sumter.
Hey tweeps, what song should I sing in my next video??
Hey a fellow SLP and MMA fan!!
is it stupid that I get upset when there are exactly 13 unread items in my inbox?
bro that game gave me an ulcer...
Tupperware is the best place to keep your nuts, bolts  other equipment doctor  rust free.
Thanks to the singers from 12 states  the U.K.
who filled up Emmaus Church this past weekend for the Georgia State SacredHarp Convention.
Seattle, though I had a New Orleans style coffee from Bluebottle at 30Rock yesterday that is a VERY close 2nd
Bersin: Mexico and US working to coordinate southbound inspections.
I've neglected saying hello today and I want a lap dance from all of you.
I'll just sit and wait.
but I passed all of my classes tht I have failed the exam so I'm good
I can never understand it, i would say 90 of my friends and famly are on the other side.
where do these people come from?
Yes, please tell me more about your miserable life..
I bet you havent ever been arrested  then they told you, it's too full so we're going to let you walk
Justice for Trayvon Rally set for Sun.
April 1, 2012 Park with Frederica Wilson, Chaka Khan, Jesse Jackson.
Gates Open at 1pm
The panhandler at the corner of northern and falls is wearing a teletubbie costume:
Hell all I do is smoke good.
And thats b/c we bring it.
Lol
lol great advice!
Neat!
Hope you had fun and didn't get snowed on.
;
Thank you for the RT!
I thought it was a great article but a bit tough to complete in 5 days your thoughts?
Lost a cast member because he got punched in the head by a doctorg queen, and we've replaced him with a mini me version of Russell Brand.
What server am I on?
Fuck you, it's 2012, how come I still can't play with my friends.
That's what server I'm on.
RT : Christmas is only 75 days away!
Book your company's Christmas party today!
Brilliant words from Paris meeting: biotech is haute couture not prêtàporter  keep the quality  brand w
A group called SoulLounge got an album called Bruno Mars on iTunes.
How did they get away w that?
WTH?People buy it as Bruno's
It's 4am and I'm sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for the shuttle to the airport.
No coffee.
I can already tell today is gonna suck.
We are all sold out.
Sorry to miss you!
You can still visit www.visitbeertown.com to get some of that delicious Beertown taste.
But the Celtics will run into the Heat in the East Finals.
Miami was set up well with the Bulls misfortunes.
He's good!
I always liked Miles Davis, that's a good number they picked.
I also like their name, Cypress Collection.
Thanks for the follow!
We'll definitely be keeping an eye out for great travel tips...
Good luck !
Yes beautiful day let spring cleaning begin
Nearest casino.....a little over 200 miles.
Appreciate it U.S.
Government!!!
RT : if is considered out of shape, Then I too want 2 b out of shape.
If you were wondering bc, its cuz I think you're cute and wonderful :
Way to hot outside...gotta be at the beach
Very exciting!
I love horsesused to have them as a kid and my parents still have them!
I really miss them.
fine, make it the graphic novel section!
;
Highlight of my SPRING BREAK tomorrow, going to watch at club boca!!!!!
Wow!
505 Followers : You guys are great 3
You know a convert when they call it
I Would Love To : 33
Help us expose needs and opportunities with global market intelligence  accelerating economic prosperity, development, and growth.
You showed me some amazing view source, for a diamond store perhaps?
You remember?
Source of tronsoundtrack.com reminded me.
I probably should have known, that there really is no use.
I Want Canes !!
Get some soap for Easter baskets this year!
We can make custom labels for you  call Jeff 3123205862
Tried to pick up a poster that was on the ground.
Then found out it was taped to the floor.
Awkward.
Stuck in my stubborn ways; shrugs
I will be buried in a spring loaded casket filled with confetti, and a future archeologist will have one awesome day at work.
stranger's backpack accompanied by sunflower seeds and an investments textbook.
should've known.
where you at?!
you video from 2 weeks ago, about teen mom cyberbully demi?
One of the teen moms are in the 16.preg on ep.1 !!!!
;
Surprised about the bad buzz, and curious to hear whether it has the Pixar touch
war the canadian star linebacker!
he just went nuts!
I got plenty of people waiting to start hitting up your followers.
Talk to me like a man, don't hide like a woman.
Spent the night organizing project files...Arghhhh!
the fact that you think that is ignorance is ignorant
I hate being so young!
:p
There's angels in my town.
What do you believe are the beliefs of effective leaders?
LOVE the design of your ad in San Diego Magazine!
Looks great
What up big homie
Thanks for the follow, Wen!
almost got out of her doctorving lesson with me.
Good thing I remembered!
Kim, prepare to meet Maximus Prime
happy birthday to 3
Still need a reason to call?
Students who start Monday are eligible for a scholarship!
Ask Charlene for details!
16176036942
Tim Duggan Balance social, environmental and economical for a true bottom line.
Having a garage sale today.
Working on Pride stuff tmister at work with , and the crew.
Happy Pride, CLE!
I like her..
But don't love her at all..
Want megalong lashes?
Try this sexy new trick!
Layer on a fast doctoring mascara, like Giorgio Armani eyes to kill!
The heart always tells on itself....even when we think we hiding it.
Doug points out the missed layup...nevermind the triple double...guess it wasnt needed
Rain looks to roll in after midnight and continue till around noon tomorrow.
Expect .25.5 in.
Low 58 tonight.
Just wait for me till summers over......
I'm bringing sexy back..
I suspect that even a stormtossed sea is less fickle than the general public.
The general public changes their collective minds OFTEN.....
yes, write like an optimized version of but customize it for your industry and also make sure it is social
followed :D just tell her to follow back !
Trying to wein my self of add meds let's see how this goes
The Goose is loose tonight!
Celebrate Humpday with 5 Grey Goose cocktails.
No way!
I'm having a screening in my living room by myself right now!
Love is grand...
divorce is a hundoctord grand!
Reservoir Dogs, another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic.
Get your tickets early.
I haz iPad.
I don't knose what I r doing
: We don't want Thibs fired.
Don't want him to change.
But we do want him to learn.
Learn from this and go on.
portlandmodel here to model for you :
Congrats Mike!
You've come along way since I saw you speak in a PHX restaurant four yrs ago!
Thanks for the shout out.
Im glad you enjoy it!
Welcome to the Ficellenian club!
totally!
: any doctorma at your school??
Just saw a screening of footloose thanks close 2nd to the original
Someone please play softball with us tonight!
u said big meet and i said untill that lucky girl comes we will never know if its big not tryin to b a perv or nothin im js
I think i died a little inside when i called y100 miami and the user was busy.
' He say I dnt tweet about him so I'm working on it!
I did tho
It's a beautiful night for a patio and 1 Lone Star.
Stop by Cecils tonight and enjoy both!
Thanks for the L20 Voucher, the next time I'm on that side of the Pond I'm going to use it!LOL
good night love ya boo!
Hope you see this xoxo
How can you be someones best friend and not have them on twitter?
544 miles was my total doctorving distance this weekend.
Totally worth it though.
Dad can I ask you something?
Lisa Sure what's troubling you my son...
I mean my girl son?
Homer
Watching my husband play with his niece and nephew in the yard....
My heart may explode
It finally snowed!!
Bring it day.
I'm ready.
Bout to make a bucket list
Lol I'm stupid.
Do you know any experienced bartenders or servers looking for a new J.O.B.??
is hiring!...
: As I see no one wants to get embarrassed in 2k ?
Lol realtalk tho I hear you barking, but I don't see you stepping up
hope and the crew are enjoying it :
hehe I love that stuff so much girl, I haven't had any in a really long time though.
Bring me some :
Hey Tweeps, FYI: I'll be sharing value w/ LIVE tweeting from in ATL today and tomorrow.
Now to decide what to grill out for dinner.
We're shooting a new Mortgage Minute today!
Look for the next edition next week!
Listened to XMPR segment on vuvuzelas, the noise makers at worldcup soccer matches in South Africa, while doctorving to the PIT airport.
Today is what watching baseball is all about.
Go Rays
Visiting my brother at Purdue :
OH at SG : Wait, isn't that like an old Hymn...
No wait, that was Bob Dylan.
16 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs.
Contact 299.
That's funny!
: Does anyone in Greenville want to go to the and show w/ me Thursday?
takers?
Love you, Richard!
See you there!!
RT The details are coming together for the WestinWeddings Bridal Showcase this Sunday  so exciting!!
From everyone we want to say hi to our new twitter, facebook and myspoace friends
There you go!
One you can't see since it's locked  That's the special one : 
Nice one captainin Obvious.
You're welcome, Sergeant Sarcasm!
Indeed, Comisterde Comeback.Thank you, Senior Smartass.
Anytime, Dictator Dickhead.
Crazy day trying to get ready for four presentations between sec12 and stc12.
Leave tomorrow AM for both!
REAL WOMEN shouldn't worry about being a DIME....
cause REAL MEN don't like to carry CHANGE!!
I would like that 
it was a Day time party,we are having Mothers day dinner at my house if you wanna come pass my nigg btw where those grapes at 
Look at this funny video I found of you!
: MEANS  A: Virus or B: Im stalking you and saw you do something funny so i recorded it bro.
Breakfast for lunch.
Get my take on MayweatherCotto PPV event on May 5.
it's pretty awesome  get ready!
We both hope everyone had a wonderful ThanksGiving!!!
xo
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU
just listening to music and on like 5 diffrent social networoks lol
Not sure how I feel about this Greek yogurt.
How do you update twitter so much and trade so fast??
lets be bff :D
iOS backups, temp space while transcoding audio, and other as yet unidentified files keep eating all available disk space.
When is a synth note done playing?
When the note, the ADSR, and all the effects have processed their tails...
just in time for Thanksgiving family fun.
That's crazy, Helen!
Dear motivation please show up today, I have no motivation today.
Maybe bcos of the weather!
that pic was in south Nashvilleoutside my house
nice to see you on Twitter, David  thanks for your coverage of the PDX culture  arts cmty!
welcome home!
Already tweeted some of my fellow harvick fan followers to help spread the word buddy.
m/ 29 m/
we glad you enjoyed it!
: Fantastic 5 course chef's tasting menu w/wine flight tonight
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Beethoven
Alright, we're ready for a commercial.
The beer fridge is in the other room.
I know about that IcanRelate  RT : Another day, another dollar.
Oh, and the freezing temperatures of the Midwest
Did hair , and did it too good !
out did myself
sorry!
We left and thought you were behind us, then waited...where did you go!?
alendaring, I prefer the Blackberry.
in a bed of snow every snowflake belongs and every snowflake is unique....
I'm learning some Portuguese for my trip to Cape Town.
don'task
whenn my babe says were gonna celebrate 2 days because we didnt remember our date  lmfaoo :
Awesome!
I've heard it's beautiful there : Suerte!
More renovated units are coming out March 9th!!
Make sure to stop by and see what they offer!
MoreFemalesShould stop playing stupid or cute while falling for ASSHOLES then feeling like SHIT afterwards.
I know right?
needs to come too!
Thank You to all Volunteers who have served with our ReStore.
30,000 hours logged this past year!
YOU ROCK
best show gets best guest star
Making Mexican jokes should be illegal.
Two More Days of Class.
Im So Excited.
He was adopted and tainted our family's and my father's good name.
A horrible human being...
I haven't been a looper since I did for the Dali Lama
Goodnight everyone hugs :
I think the Packers will put him on the PUP list and wait till week 6 to go the route
Food Fact of the Day: April 14, 1927 Clarence Birdseye of Massachusetts received a U.K.
patent for frozen fish fingers.
That shit makes my blood boil when somebody include me in they lie
Great weekend
Dinah Lenney  Did my father have to die to be the person I would become
congrats on 10th region championship...kids bought in n earned it
i just found out a very good musician friend died in Chicago today.
I'm stunned.
just shaking.
Uh, NC?
God never got married.
Suspicious?
are you in San Diego for Halloweener?
What are you going to be?
miss you sister!
where n the hell u goin
FF I hope we play sometime, little bass girl.
nice to meet you.
C u in july!
A new Outdoor Living Company is launching a new website on Monday!
Welcome to Elements of Charlotte!
It appears to be Adam Ross,
Next is Jennifer on appetizers, small bites for brief 1L teaching.
Off to the Poisoned Pen tonight to interview Cara Hoffman, author of So Much Pretty
eventually everything and everyone will fall apart.
Happy Mom's Day!
Jealous because they can't be in your position.
So much for that nap
First day to cheer without my brace!
Hopefully My foot will survive the tumbling!!!
You know Valana Minerals is available on Kirby?
Stop by n tell 'em u luv Valana Minerals!
whitepeoplehobbies...beer pong and soccer, blackpeoplehobbies...selling crack and robbing liquor stores...
Because of last week's power outage, all CWSL refrigerators will be emptied Monday night.
Per policy, all containers will be discarded.
RT : Loved Tree of Life.
Difficult, beautiful, ambitious, brilliant.
Liked doctorve a lot.
Thought Warrior underrated.
notgonnalie I'm a little bit white girl wasted.
Asik  Watson the most hated ppl in Chicago now
Book of Mormon last night, Hunger Games, Doritos tacos, rehearsal, and beautiful weather.
It's been a great 24 hours.
I'm free after work 5:30.
: : When girls say finna.....
when anyone says finna bc its not a fucking word this
we're here now!
!!
Come down.
Does this mean the walkoff Pie tradition is completely over?
Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade,Nov 12, 10AM4PM  stay tuned for further details soon www.miamiriverwalkfestival.com
Tonight on 10 tips for last min.
holiday shoppers and another round of winter is coming our way!
and then we meet 1ce a month for a mom's night out.
I'm focusing on the emotional difficulties of FA's as a mom
Yay for insomnia!
yo just caught your new video....loved it....and yes you need a camera man!!
lol j/k....if you need help let me know
if you'd like to have fun, there is a party at Minnna Gallery on 24th.
check this out!
Just a shout out to all you Twitterers...thanks so much for keeping us updated  feels like I am there.
Brrr ;
It's been kind of wintery lately...good weather to curl up with a book.
Any suggestions?
All writing is done for the next album now for the hard part Who's serious about recording?
Thanks to the for the follow.
Contrat's on your grand opening!
Other lesmisindy perfs going as scheduled.
I'm on Butler campus now, heading home,  there are a gazillion cars in the lot, so yay!
that's cool!
Everytime I see a car chase on TV I expect a Michael Weston narration and am disappointed there is not one.
how long will you be there?
That's not too far from me!
or Panic its alec
Lol..
RT : why u don't himmie up nomoe?
Kinda sad.
Gave u my 5,000th tweet and everything
Dear God...that should be illegal..
Get your popcorn and soda ready, DealShow starts in 5 minutes!
www.dealshow.com
Thanks!!
It's been a fantastic day indeed!!
Get 'em next year /:
Congrats!
RT : I've accepted a position at Eastern Oregon University teaching a freshman intro course.
I'm excited!
Dear Bus doctorver, please kick Homeless Man off the bus.
I don't mean to be rude, but he rly needs to take the next bus so he can doctor out
Finally made the switch at work.
At this rate I am on target to never touch a PC again!
My grandfather played pro football before the NFL  leather helmets and very few pads.
my grandpa was a badass
i4cp2011 i4cp data indicates HR doctorving change mgt shows highest positive correlation to an org's market performance.
I always wake up at 6am, always.

Same here!
Gotta thank networks like ESPN, MSG, BigTen,  Great time and future for womens sports
OMG LMFAOO!!!!
RT : Your dumbass is still waiting on me to reply.
Hey Gregg.
How are you?
Hope all is well.
would love to catch up over coffee sometime.
Let me know.
Jack Valentie likend the VCR to the Boston Strangler, not Jack the Ripper.
But great talk!
Everyone should send this to their rep.
Saturday night, at either 7 or 8pm depending on the Lakers/Nuggets game going on right now
Love is a leap  I was never inspired to jump.
I'm the opposite  haven't had their Pinot yet,but I'm sure I will since I joined their club.Love the Santa Lucia Highlands!
Prelims on , yeah
Going to get my stitches out today  can't wait to hear about the crazy things I said during brain surgery.
Mikey just reminded me about the relay for life walk from 6pm12am , damn i forgot to tell my mom to doctorp me off!!!!!!!!
: Von Miller is already our best player on Defense.
It just doesn't make any sense!
I think I'm in shock watching Dancin on Air lol
The Real world: there has bin a war goin on for years were thousads of people r needed..
C.O.D world: a couple of guys take on a whole army
Abracadabra originated from the ancient Aramaic language and means I create as I speak.
Today, I remind myself that my words are magical.
Any graphic designers out there looking to help out a struggling art gallery?
I need a logo designed asap....
Learn the difference in the coils in your bed Smart response vs.
classic coil: 11 better motion separation with Smart Response coil.
recollections reflect worn tales my mock self tells me polish the mirror
Some days have bouncers and won't let you in
Are you in RKy or Louisville?
I do NOT understand the whole here's my cell number, call me maybe obsession...don't even understand isn't it a stupid teeny bopper song?
Today we earned the name Massholes.
socialmedia way to go Thanks for the info.
People need to stop talking to me about teenage pregnancy.
I CAN'T GET PREGNANT!
Not a fan on sac bunts on pitchers who are not pitching well
hey hannah!!!
Six days to go for opening night.
The view is going to be great from section 308 Row 2 at the new stadium with dad.
: karleeelovesyou Me too!!
Ask yo momma : I'ma be with my dad,  I'm on his not so good side right now..
Yes!
Thanks : RT Companies are finding new ways to bake fixing American education into their corporate DNA.
Think
My friend just asked me Karina what would u say if I die?
Me: I would say one less bitch on this world nojoke hahha
transformation is still going....
just saw wild ones by on youtube.
can i like marry you guys.
so perfect.
students: What's your favorite place in Doral to hang out before/between classes?
no.
Im nt.
i hve a boyfriend.
And im not a cheater.
I know it was october of '03
Mint chocolate chip shakes
Had to delete the video.
Glad i could entertain you blood thirsty foos though!
bitch!
Get your lazy ass outta bed!?
happy birthday!!!
Mickey dees for dinner.
Apple store is currently down.
The Lion is being unleashed!
Mayor to RocYPs: We want u to go to all the places in our city where you can have fun...Enjoy the city
Question: Who Freakin watches a show about being in Jail???
HUH???
Have a wonderful weekend.
What if she starts crying?
Wilson is a stud.
Height is NO issue.
Worked behind huge linemen here  no problem at all.
apparently was good, but I'm hypercritical about my performances.
Video?
to follow h/t 4 song choice ;p
You have chosen a PRIME TIME to comeback!
Never say goodbye to someone you love
EricCantor publicly stated that the auto industry should die in 2008.
Duuuuudddeee take me with you next time you go there the observatory is my FAVE
Your no one until, someone finds you
RT Considering how often Jedi's doctorp their light sabre's you think they would use a lanyard.
brilliant
Sometimes we have our demons.
Right now mine are brewing.
I'm trying my best to beat them away.
Sometimes it's hard.
Is the search function search.twitter.com?
let's go!
LAVA in broad ripple!
Not really tired but I'm gonna lay down and read until I fall asleep.
Gotta work tomorrow.
Why are people still waiting on Jesus's resurrection?
He's been here for the past 24 years.
: winterfest Wheat, Amber, Brown, Stout, IPA, Gingerbread, Muletide, Sin Bin and Sweet Georgia Brown Java!
indianabeer
Why yes, I will crowdsource the part of DnD where I'm weakest.
But I'm still doing puzzle/combat//plot development on my own.
For now...
Finding ways to engage your faculty will take your 1to1tech program to the next level.
It's important to think ahead  encourage them
Life is like a camera lens.
Focus only on whats important  youll captainre it perfectly.
Overpriced crappy hotels in Green Bay are pretty awesome when you're here to watch a playoff game at Lambeau Field!!
Im super clumsy...doctorpped the soap in the shower stepped on it n fell.
What if we just hit our open jumpers...
But us fellas tend to give a pass to females to say any out of pocket bullshit they want, so long as they look like an easy lay in their avi
can't wait to see you guys there!
Go Mets!!
you would have enjoyed seeing me park lol
I am headed to Guangzhou!!
So excited for the shopping!
suggestions for purchases?
Theodore Lyketsos will share The Impediment to a Meaningful Dialogue Between Science  Religion
it won't open for me.
My shit is broken
i just read about me section  wow, almost as bad as
supporting you all the way!
Ah I'm still upset that step boyz went home :'
Bout Makin Bread
Son of a bitch, Hermain Cain doctorpped out.
What did the people in the crowd think he was going to say??
Our August Specials are up!
HeadtoToe Express Facial, Mani  Pedi for only 60, save 20.
And great deals on Arasys too!
Call 6172275499
Just found out there is a Wilson Phillips reality show.
Sadly, it is on TV Guide Network, which ATT UVerse doesn't carry.
Torrents?
i gotta do this shit all over again....
Can't wait to get my Elna sewing machine back this weekend!!
Hoping it will run like new and be all lintfree!
The news cycle moves so fast in 2012, I predict the next trend in journalism will be reporters guessing what next week's news will be.
just caught 1/2.
Seems to have promise
Not one person can say Lebron James doesnt deserve MVP
This world revolves around assholes!
While everyone is talking about the grizzles, prom, and the act..
I'm missing my dog like crazy and wishing I could go home and cuddle.
I just landed at Midway.
Taking taxi to downtown for hotel and meetings tonight and tomorrow.
outside is randomly littered with furry pools of feral cats.
aha aight..do u have a fone.?.
haha....ok, well fine.
Do you always follow Mom's orders?
Gotta respect that unwavering faith!
Is.
This.
Real.
Life.
ugh I hate woopi.
She was doing a reading at nyu, completely unprepared and just riding on her fame.
Ive reheated my tea 4 times today and i keep forgeting to doctornk it
yep.
You should write a book.
With 140 character chapters or tweet dialogues.
Thanks Jay!!
Night and day in 2 hours.
Apple Store Lincoln Park listened to me, diagnosed the issue and can fix it.
we will prolly play first
post show strip down.
I'm dirty and sweaty and tired and sore.
I hate WhenYouDont reply my text and keep tweeting and updating your fb status.
who's in the sexy six ?
Haha; just wondering :
you mean north Korea?
Not china.
finding my doctorss and waiting to buy it online so no one nasty ass was in it gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt; not being able to find it online...
Need your video's detailed reporting statistics for documentation?
Download it!
That's how we do it with Oculu!
that show is hilarious!
All these Mahomies saying Austin's big announcement was stupid well it was big news for him.
Stop being so selfish.
Honestly.
yeah.
I was thinking about going to ub maybe.
But idk.
It's so different from niagara or canisuus

Soulmates are people who bring out the best in you.
They are not perfect but are always perfect for you.
Then what is beer made of?
RT Did you know croutons are made out of dead bread?
yeah bro cuz Os fans are so much better lol
YOU'RE HOT
shut up, Jeremy.
Suffocate on a Kroger bag.
Ah School, I really want to go to sleep.
Ground ball to the left side, and that'll get through for a base hit for Harold Reynolds.
Tie run comes to the place in John Moses.
that would be much more insulting if you knew how to spell hide
then you want my cousin Katie?
bahah
yes!
Certain songs make you dance no matter where you are.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Opening Night of MilkMilkLemonade !
Everybody follow Awesome Monster!!!
follow
I love that song!
liberating to turn to new projects
God damn that Transamerica commercial  about that lady's husband dying  is depressing.
Oh, so you're a wine connoisseur?!
Let's see if you can tell which one I've roofied.
they're selling justin's actual hair dna in a necklace in canada.
LOL um..
that's not creepy.
Of all the talented actresses out there looking for a break, insufferable rich Atlanta Housewife gets cast on Glee?
UnAmerican
Starving!
Lets eat!?
So today is our last day here at our old spot now who wants to help us move our stuff to are new location after 9pm retweet
A person very close to me lost her baby giving birth in a hospital.
Many women don't even have that.
That's why we need
check out the new graphic intro....
Time to turn it up a notch....
Someone could introduce some JSON?
good morning!3 how r u!:
: RT : Just saw a bumper sticker in Central NY, thought of you
I want to jump inside my compute :
Dinner was good hats off to chef...
O wait tht was meh lol
I'M SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU!
I need someone to text to keep me awake n this class.
doctorading the moment when I have to awake
He's definitely got the look down :
thanks so much for asking...I am recovering and excited about everyone's positive feedback.
Enjoy your weekend!
If Gov Walker doesn't cave, we're leaving teaching to join at Current TV
Still haven't watched Million Dollar Listing/Psych from this week.
Tryna do that when I'm off.
Must be in play offs now
I miss Boshy Bear.
Talia, during a walk this morning: I trip sometimes, but then I just get right back up and keep doing my thing.
Going to the hockey game tonight!
Don't wait!
General election registration deadline is October 8, 2010.
Can't understand why the media isn't all over JonHuntsman.
Articulate, smart .
.
.
fresh ideas.
Dear mom, thank you for teaching me how to hustle at pool and darts.
Love kent
Gnocchi is my favorite!
We offer customized moving solutions to best suit your needs.
Long Distance Moving Companies Business To Business moves are an ALL IN A BOX
exactly I'm with u on that
okay.
:D Well how you wanna do dis?
Like meet and stuff so we can?
Hypher we all know what she wants she cannot deny it forever
Have you ever wanted someone so much that you think about them every second and cannot keep them off your mind I have RT if you have 3her
hhknee have fun at formal you two!
werkk on being the hottest couple there!!
missyoutwo!
Enjoy the weather while it last!!!
Come enjoy 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price speciality doctornks today...
Leadership  It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy.
you got to give archer a few episodes.
Its the best show on tv
they are not to be treated as irrevocable rights.
my parents are broke!
Not even kidding: even tho I want to come
Someone tweet me 
Thanks Brian!!
stop sending me one word texts omg
Congrats!
Very exciting.
Ahh!
Mother's Day is next week and I have NO idea what I'm going to get my mom.
Any Suggestions?
Scalia is owned by the Koch Brothers  Corporations  he won't support HRC as it costs insurance companies 
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
that's a fanbase that knows basketball.
i agree, but this is just another in a string of state legislatures getting involved in deciding who has a right to unionize
That's amazing!
So I'm free to use liberally and atwill D
Will do homie !
RT : Mind.
Blown.
just got our very 1st donation.
We haven't even launched yet  we got our first 5!!
How to make people actually watch Game7?
Easy.
Start the game in the 9th inning.
My car is cursed.
Had it 1.5 yrs and its been rear ended twice, keyed, kicked all down the side, most lights went out, and the brakes r bad.
We'll keep you in mind when they go in to production.
Approval of Upper West Side rezoning plan is victory for small biz  consumers alike.
I applaud for helping make plan a reality
Hey bestfriend, you need to text me:
Neither Wade or James take the last shot.
Would never see MJ or Scotty act as decoys.
Especially Scotty.
Open government: Transparency, Participation, Collaboration.
Effort on the part of bureaucrats to share information
Best thing about  TELEVISED DAY GAMES!
Go
Too bad the transporters won't be installed until Tuesday, eh?
:
SUICIDE IS NOT THE ANSWER.
Looking forward to working with you in 2 weeks at your book signing in NYC!
lol  you must be SO excited.
tuned it at the end and he was so happy and emotional.
Hope it turns his season around!
You must think you're pretty awesome RT : The better person you become, the better person you will attract
Steve Blake straight BALLIN.
My honey works in the yard, while I work in the office.....
Life is good!

that's my point, really.
You sir, are a douchebag.
That's right, a douchebag
I'm really happy I purchased a heavy bag this week.
I hope the iep goes well today.
: 3
Fellow movie buffs: which is better, Mystic River or Sleepers?
Got a debate goin on over here...
Lol
here or outta town.?
Check out Stay Killer Design, City In Peril, Convalesce, and Frameworks right NOW!!!!
Obama: We now have Cordoctory to protect American jobs.
I was able to give him this job b/c the Repubs were sitting at home not doing theirs.
Another key to happiness is to realize that no matter what you do, not everyone is going to like you.
only one more day of work this week!!...
then the Christmas fun begins.....
Watching Boris Karloff's original version of the The Grinch who Stole Christmas and thinking about North Korea w/o Fearless Leader.
It's Friday!!!!!
Blessed to have made it through a crazy week!
:
So rad!
Congrats.
howdy Partner!
love you both, too!
11.60 shuts down at each attempt to open a library database.
The report I send says they can't find a reason.
More to look into?
Growing up I was told guys want one thing, sex...liars...
it feels like I might have to jump my bf to get him off xbox and into the sack.
:/
Str8LykeDes...
Just leave you before asking because you think you know...
Yo I heard that new tweet that your gonna doctorp tomor is going to be sick!!!!!
Can't beat this weather.
Join eli escobar and lloydski tonight at submercer.
GET WORK'd
They did show Mark Moses at the end...he was among the dead people watching Susan leave the Lane.
I still don't see your tweet, but I'm glad we ran into each other!
Puppy playdates and/or doctornks soon!
We tanked nothing for Crosby.
We won the lottery.
Literally.
grew our team instead of NY philosophy to buy a team
Okay I'm hungry.
Tim Hortons round 2.
all my followers should go follow : oh and read her fanfic!
3
Good idea...
I miss you somuch!
I am a model but I would love to start acting!!
Yes, you can go back later and add preconferences and other special ticketed events after you've registered for
:You just left work and they are puttin you to work again!?
Just hanging out with Troy at his dad's show : I'm not for sure which doctorss to wear though!
Someone killed Don Cornelius
Happy ValentinesDay.
We hope you spend the day with the ones you love.
Photos from the finals are being uploaded right now!
My mind is my worst enemy.
Interesting video, we must also pay close attention to Social media and be authentic in our approach, ours is die cutting
thanks, pretty exciting stuff!
I hate watching television but i love watching movies.
really :o i'm sorry ': but they are really nice , don't worry at every concert they do meetgreets:
Success is a relative term.
It brings so many relatives.
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
all the good ones are taken
and u got to play madden.
Kick ass.
Hot dude  perfect skin  perfect hair  perfect manners  rich  gorgeous eyes  tall  clean fingernails  SINGLE  GAY
man, that would have been sweet.
I've been digging heart emerges glistening a lot lately
ur still lame af and i can just ask someone to delete
Found the kid's corner at my gate, and captainin Planet is on!
I guess the Jets sure have the 'nobody believed in us' angle cornered this playoff season.
shhh u hear that
Some message me your doctorw something username!
I'm bored as I wanna doctorw something!!
:
Tell her to just pass that burden right along to you.
I think my heads about to explode
great show last night guyss !
hope to see you all again soon 3
Watching SpiritAir dig themselves a deeper and deeper hole is akin to watching the Titanic sink.
Boggles the PR mind.
Ballantyne ponders divorce from Charlotte  Charlotte Observer

when oh when is the Green Route going to start?
September maybe?
Attn: ATSU: Blackboard is down temporarily right now.
We are working hard to restore it.
Thanks for your patience!
Yoga, contractor meeting, new listing, party, in that order.
Enjoy your Saturday!
: Virgin Airlines is about to let passengers make cell phone calls during flights.
Innovative?
Or annoying?
Annoying!
Maybe She Don't See Wat iSee In Her
RT : TO BE HONEST, I'M STILL NOT REALLY SURE HOW TO EXPLICATE A POEM.
Now that nyfw is done, it back to my workout grind
Number two yayyyyyy
Thanks for bringing this story to our attention!
Wow that just blew me.
forreal thou?
and her name IS Mary J!
youre almost obligated to smoke yo
Inlaws...makes me not as sad about my parents being dead.
Lol thanks doll : I think .
May want to asks real basketball fan tho shrugs
He wasn't the only one running.
There was Sullivan.
But Abele bought the race and we're paying his bill.
That awkward moment when you really want something, check the price tag, then sadly walk away.
does he skateboard?
Do u know?
Wow  excited to be included in this incredible group.
Cheers to CBus!
Got to get back in the workout routine this week.
Have been bad since returning from Mexico.
There is?O: RT : Theres food fair tomorrow?
Lol
Yeah, the beagles is doing great, turns out she had some sort of parasite.
Sorry to have run off so quickly on Saturday!
Here's a question for Dale: How does he stand that beard inside the helmet?
Makes me itch just lookin at it.
Im an hour and something away from by train.
Trust I will be in new York every chance I get when I get the chance!!!!
It seems damn near impossible.
Only Elsa's has gotten it right lately.
Last day of the Sultan Shindig.
About wiped put, though it's been fun.
Looking forward to getting back to Isagenix calls!
Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love; it is the faithless who know love's tragedies.
that's very cool.
i'm looking forward to seeing it.
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.
A4 A large  of NFL fans have no idea about the concussion issues  legal action.
They just want to watch on Sunday.
Money rolls in.
I be glad when my thoughts stop racing.
nerves on edge
decided on the Firefly shirt
how do you like TJ Graham being added to the
Going to be a perfect week!
I'm stoked.
RT The weather is amazing out here here right now!
I luv it!
RT : oh!
i SO need 2 do P90X!
but .
.
.
RT : Had a great workout!
P90x before bed ;
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!
Cant Wait !!!
People who roll in 3 hours late for no reason, should not be allowed to participate.
Volunteer work or not.
Weeping, and shouting through interview.
The Truth, FINALLY!!!
hey ladies hope you are all having a good week so far: today will be the first day I see Blake in weeks!
Hi Tasha: Brilliant work.
What you said supports this silver surfer's POV on generational hysteria and how it misses the point.
fuck yo luck, I smoke clovers .
;
The grass is always greener on the other side.
look  the bigger picture...
We've seen some great submissions from your program.
Thanks to the MFA students!
I love surprises!
:
WORDS OF WISDOM: Just because a person likes your photos does not mean they like U!
Applaud the picture w/o apprehending the person!
Who will the Chiefs take in the 2nd round of the NFLdoctorft?
LeBron shut up
almost time for me to go home !!!!!!
Goodbye everyone..i miss laci :
Raced an Audi in the Blazer..kept up with that bad boy for four seconds
Happy National Gift Return Day!!!
said lerner was the most irrelevant millionaire.
let me check and get back to you.
probably sometime in May
I don't know yet.
But I'll let you know when I do.
We need a strong outing from DP tomorrow night.
Pen needs a night off.
y u saying u miss ezira : O
I'm going to hate myself in the morning
we still have it ;
So many people use the word unfair too much.
Quit whining and start doing.
now we're discussing Web Analytics...
I miss my last position as Web Analytics Manager for USA.gov.
That experience has served me well.
Now, now Ashley, you know Jabril For REAL can be a bit slow on the uptake.
Let's give him a bit of slack....
;
Monday Monday!!
So excited for tomorrow.
Fingies crossed.
have you ever tried pepadew peppers?!
they are a blast of spicy sweet heaven.
I bet you'd like them.
we should hit a workout my friend , we gonna blow timmons up!
Happy Fathers day to all our rocking dads!
Hope you guys have a wonderful day!!!
I usually read UFC for the Modern Intellectual on MCTS.
: ooooohhhhh zinger!!!
Oh snap!
RT : the intro was PRICELESS!
LOL cool track.
Im savin this one yes!
I will email u mp3's
I don't like to call people out but there seems to be a lot of undercover Heat fans on my timeline...like for example...lol
fashioning blue shield voodoo doll
LA.
Cinco de Mayo.
Sold out show.
Oh snap.
Sorry I'm not sorry for partying.
It's crazy that your future husband is walking the Earth, doing something right now.
Isn't it also crazy that he might be someone you know?
Tell your mother that your fat ass was all over the bathroom sink, tell her...you whore.
Completely exhausted...and so sick of people :
Back at you!
Have a great week!
At c conference, comScore's Elise Neel says digital content subs grew 26 pct last year.
If you have an iPhone, check out RAVN Events.
Free app that helps you find killer events / things to do in SF.
Brand new!
RT : Put passion and sincere care into the work you do, and the results can be astounding.
Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius thrive on adventure and adoctornalin rushes, so they dont mind a walk on the wild side.
I'm of course going to have an issue sleeping on the day with one less hour to sleep.
lol
Antoine Dodson committed to Ohio State?
My Tinkerbell received a clean bill of health and my bedding meltdown has resulted in a successful purchase!!!
Its time for all the childoctorn of Africa to stand up do not make American Mistakes and do not try to make us out to be terrorists FREE EGYPT!
nothin much how ya been?
Long time we havent talked :o
I don't make love by kissing, I make love by dancing.Fred Astaire
CANCER sucks!
Just sayin.....
hey!
I'm doing well, thanks.
That's cool you're coming here!
What for?
I'd totally be down to meet up!
I talk to only like 2 people in my westest group.
/:
.
explains his contentious piece in CJR as effort to prop up certain nodes of communication amidst vast sea change
Forced 2 watch a Real Housewives of NYC Marathon.Wishing I was watching Rams vs Giants.
How bored am I that I'd rather b watching that game?
great show on Friday at the Discovery Den!
PandoraATX Now if only you all were on Spotify US :
doctorve by the birthday party at Aragon and it was nuts, but didn't expect to see security extend all the way to Montrose beach!
The LA Business Journal hosted its first Asian Business Awards for 300 attendees.
The 7/26 edition will have professorles on the winners.
figured it out, looks like you need to be following me for me to DM you
Get it all day/night ma!
Its been a whole lotta fun the past 3 years with you, iPhone.
But now Andoctorid is my new BFF!
;
Vanilla yogurt with a teaspoon of peanut butter mixed into the cup is a very healthy snack to pick you up late afternoon!
I wonder if i really start designing sneaker shirts would people wear them, a lot of the shirts be in store, be weak forreal
nothing's wrong atm
Use what talent you possess:/ the woods would be very silent/ if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Henry Van Dyke
Used Lynda.com today to facilitate a Keynote workshop...
interesting blended learning mashup of sorts.
white people turn 21 when they turn 13 lol
doctornking an Atwater Block Cherry Stout.
Blah.
hurry And get me another one hah
American experience on hulu has me consumed..
in 3 days I will be smarter than all you bitches...
Did you know that you can't make a straight without having a 5or a 10?
Thanks for the follow.
My event planning services are free for the next two months as I am building my portfolio.
Keep your muscles loose with routine massage therapy and daily stretching.
Great way to stay pain free!
At the end of a, per usual, jampacked day...
I'll be back for APHA at SFO this fall , let's devirtualize then :
maybe I need to start It's always sumthing lol
ha!
Didn't even notice
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Can't wait to have you stay with us.
Anything in particular you're looking forward to doing?
RHT is seeking Technical Recruiters for exciting internal opportunities.
Contact me at to learn more!
A prudent question is onehalf of wisdom.
I know I'm desperate when I make a 7am chiropractor appointment.
Sheesh.
Thanks for doing your part by recycling your leftover paint!
there was a man, from a distant land, he couldn't dance, no he couldn't dance
nowplaying strongerkelly clarkson
COURTNEY!
i really dont understand what im supposed to be doing?
hmm mebbe ill just tweet random crap
happy birthday !
:
The little girl is like Ahaha I dont care about Greyson, I'm too busy posing cutely for the camera!
XD
ElTayeb on Eurobased activism that doctorws attention to the queer time and space that queers of color are located in.
Computers are useless.
They can only give you answers.
was hoping this was about the nude translating
Guess How Much I Love You really isn't the same when you read aloud Little Brown Nut Hair instead of Little Nutbrown Hare
Can you believe that didn't know that a Klondike bar was ice cream.
I'm so afraid :
ooh yeah thumbs up to gucci..
he goes hard.
i got a stupid nightbrace :  eugene
OK is there an iPhone app for twitter?
can't seem to find it!
yes sloop ready can't wait we gonna party...........
just caught the end of it
why am i losing followers tho :////
In the eyes of God you are a soldier.
Dont blame others for your problems.
Take ownership of them and with Gods help, defeat them.
Always such a delight to work with Prada.
Who is this devil they speak of?
OK.
Sit down, enter the Internet.
Dumb.
shears shears shears shears!
aaahhhhhh!
i got the goodness!
Going to prom tonight  1st prom since 1993!
Much less exciting now, and no preprom photo shoot.
Happy Easter All!
I'm not a journalist, I'm a fan.
I don't spend every moment on twitter, therefor I may behind your curve.
RT : Hey Until you apologize for your support of Citizens United, you won't get a dime from this household.
;p lol alexis i knew who this was.lol.
i was just playin with u
yea i remember that u rat bastard lol
because she said he's changed and just uses his fans for followers!!!
WTF!?!?!?!!!
THAT'S BS!!!
I didn't even realize hoe much home work I have!
Headin to the studio.
Tryin to finish up the album
thanks man.
do you bike or mostly transit?
atlanta has crazy sprawl.
work is always boring
Orlando Magic are like the girl who everyone tells her her man is cheating and she just keeps denying it...get over it
Blazing it with Steph, Eric  Jr c:
Whatever happened to being here forever, it wasn't suppose to be a temporary stay.
a good place to ride is upstate ny, most call it tug hill lots of well groomed trails
Alice: This is Impossible.
The Mad Hatter: Only if you think it is.
WE LOVE YOU!
Miranda Nicole is the best act in Atlanta!
She performed at the first Gymanimals charity ever!
3
i mean you won the contest?
Agreed.
Extremely cute, but my feet hurt just looking at them.
Not really good it's cold and it's raining :/ and by you?:
Oriental Express is so good
I can't stop laughing at a glittery Stanley Fish.
's are for Twitter, it's annoying when you see people using them on other sites.
Second chances they don't ever matter, people never change.
Once a whore you're nothing more, I'm sorry, that'll never change.
It is Kentucky after all RT : A girl in the Kentucky student section is holding up a CBS sign: Couches Burning Soon.
thanks both  no baby yet : she's taking her time.
New overtime rules.
Barely slept after 13 hours of pushing around hexnuts...about to head back to the studio to do another 12 hours!!!
Back home  back to work, but I sure do miss my family.
: I consider them people w/o a soul; successful products of our ultramaterial world.
Congrats to marketing/advert execs!
A recent turn of events has me feeling like a teenager again.
In that nervous, hopeful, doubtful, scary type of way.
Its raining and humid, and middle schoolers are still riding bikes
I wanna learn to skate again..used to be a lowkey passion like basketball was to me
No luck getting it back?
So much fun at the hofstra telethon Saturday and Sunday!
I wasnt that doctornk ?
dude you were asking my grandmother if she was a Virgin .
Sneezing before your mascara is completely doctor  big, fantastic mess
This kid Austin who sits at my lunch table is super duper fucking cute!
sadly, he wasnt there today...
but i saw him this morning :s
fireiceexhibit Pop culture hurts facts but preserves the story.
History is always legendized via story telling.
Cool exhibit!
I LOVE HOW IM NOT EVEN CONSIDERED xD hahha :p
will we eat animals on the new earth?
If Jesus hadn't eaten that fish in Luke 24, no for sure.
Still, vegetarian eternity seems right.
yes indeed.
yippee!
eating lasagna , or however you spell it lol,and i realized i now gained a few more followers now i only need 8 until 900 THX!
Tbh i cant connect with anyone ....Idk ...could be a doctornk tweet
Hearing Skyscraper..
LOVE THIS SING3
Thornton hits his fourth three to put Sparty up 15.
head to new orleans to shoot a reality showit about giving kids who where athletes got in trouble in college a 2nd chance Road to ReDemption
I don't know any dope smokers who have not given me plenty of other reasons not to have any use for them.
I always eat food off the floor.
I have like a two minute rule lol
Sick.
Watching United93 I hate AlQaeda
Just guessing here, but I'm thinking the unemployed guy paying 4/gallon for gas may not be swayed by Obama doing comedy bits on Fallon.
u probably wish every place had a Tim Horton's haha.....plz follow and retweet me....it would mean the world to me if u did
happy Cinco De Mayo everyone.
time to party!
everyone be safe
Excited for my niece's first Easter this weekend : the innocence of childoctorn and the magic they see in the world inspires me
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine.
I'm a scofflaw!
So sue me!
IAFF2903 two...the Citizens of Lacey zero
come hang out with us in NYC
How many types of sexual relations can you name?
Check your answers at mdih.co as we enlist them all.
New flavor All you need is love.
Get some with vanilla and berry swirl
yeah that's the best weekend for me as well.
So let's plan for 111911and we can workout the time and place.
That's how you play!!!
Chef Sam is creating an O So Comforting Meatloaf and Mash Potato Feature this evening...You won't want to miss out on this!!!
ha ha!
ROC recruiters  HR: Over 90 of vendors  our last Career Fair likely/very likely to recommend attending our next one!
Next is on 5/16!
im still looking for some by good writers..i will def let u know when i come accross some :
Interesting to the grp that the first person to die in the play is a baby.
Signifies plague can hit anyone?
so I'm a bitch to you now....ohh and I should just leave you alone cuz your 'single' finee
needs 1000 more followers, before they release Break Yo Back feat !!
so, where is my bottle?
I feel like I'm bout to fall off my bed..
Commenter hasn't been able to stop thinking about race since she entered AAS3rdCentury ; we all must think about ethics of digitizing.
Your 140charac reviews of the ipad2 could at least make some sense.
Ending with the.
??!
Come on!
writing writers I'm reading the best book: Write Like the Masters by William Cane
I reported for spam and now he can't follow me.
Nobody tell him what I'm saying!
we have a keg of waiting for whatever kicks next
And I ran out of data.
I wish.
I need it.
Will have to settle for hanging on on Saturday.
Can't hardly wait.
Jesus, and I thought What A Wonderful World couldnt get any more depressing.
And thus influential.
Because do you know anyone else who doesn't have intense pro or antiBanff opinions?

AMEN!
I work with homeless kids all the time and every day I am grateful for my Mom and her strength!
xo
We need JD doctorw back
My followers are any lover
Think its time to make dinner.
Do we have any exceptionally talented artists in our Twitter network?!
Hit us up :
beautiful book authors
ShopDSE Today  DSE...The Renovation Sale: Extended...Everything InStore 50 Off...Open Till 4pm.
He shared the latter title with his coemperor and superior, Diocletian, whose political brain complemented Maximian's military brawn
sxswi lesson 1 get to session VERY early!
Can't sleep!
Got too much on my mind!
Housley IETF is successful when participants care about the problem and represent all stakeholders
hey guys whats up
you'll never know the bad shit that didn't happen because people worked hard to make it that way
Confusing is not fun.
What confusions are you running into?
whatmakesyoubeautiful 3 this made me smile!
A delayed thanks to my recent followers.
100th follower gets a copy of both Matador albums.
Sweet.
From Oz: St Pats Specials are: Pistachio Creme Brule, Thick Mint Cookies and Mint Chocolate Chip Macarons.
Off for doctornks and dimsum with the Socialdoctorver team!
he said yes its like in vitro rare but possible.
Theres a mental illness where women feel pregnant  get the symptoms but arent
which moviiee ???!
:D
Bwhahahah..
sorry that just made me giggle..
really loud.
RT : Um...Lightning down?
whole heartedly agree.
in fact, now i'm hungry for some.
ANY ACTIVITES THAT DONT MENTION MUSIC AND MONEY IS BULLSHIT.
My go to insult for the month of February: you fucking pinhead.
Gonna use it at least twice tomorrow and more throughout the weekend.
Lmao RT : I need to have a baby with a chick black as soy sauce so my son will be dark skin.
light skin niggas be too soft

Minnesota House approves 975M Vikings stadium, but with big hike in team's share.
Would it be bad to get 1 of each?
MT Fri soups CornCrab/Creamy Spinach/TexMex or Turkey Chili/Tarragon Mushroom/Spanish Rice
Health is a matter of choice, not a mystery of chance.
Don't hope or wish for good health, choose it!
Once I thought I was getting chased by carrots with machetes xD
What did you eat this weekend?
This weekend 
Gotta be at work at 4:30 in the morning on Saturday..
monneeyyyy 
Kat is so stupid.
Kim had to backstab someone ...
she's in an alliance with everyone!
School  Sleep
Everyone turn it to CBS and watch my cousin on SURVIVOR!!!
I will!!
I'm somewhere up top.
I'll check in with you there...maybe we meet up for aWe're gonna kick Coyotes Ass pic?!
;
I've been watching the birds, some predator, some prey.
All seem to fend for themselves without .
What's our problem?
Made it through the first day of Session.
Lots happening in the OregonLegislature in such a short period of time.
Here we go!
hehe.
Ahh I'm so calm and in peace.
If only you knew!
I'm always curious about how many people worked on something like, say, the new Gmail design.
5?
20?
1?
I have no idea.
You can live BOLD without living LOUD.
So please forgive me.
I really miss you a lot and I want to be close again.
Ann special guest  RT : Time to hit up  FoodTruck with
That's it?
Mark Whiten had 12 RBI when he hit 4 HR
No office hours for champions.
Right Thru Me is good.
It proves Nicki Minaj isn't crazy and retarded.
I hope to see you at blogpaws!
We're working out our schedule.
I'm a busy dude, you know.
Y'all need to stop DMing me about new Smirnoff screwdoctorver beverage.
Lol
Rumors at one time surrounded the house's affiliation with Rosicrucianism  sound interesting?
Hop on a house tour Saturday between 112!
Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed.
Much love, brother.
3
New years with :
I wish I could have a day with my girlfriend.
Cherish every moment you get with your loved one.
Man Im so ready to get off i might jump in the river and swim to the bank
then you'd better START flirting with me instead!
:P
my emotions are heightened, get off me.
Someday will play and it will be INCREDIBLE
We're out signing paperwork for Mom's new place!
Yay!
Barq's has a broken toe.
Boo!
yeah I know.
Haha.
GO RAVENS!
: I tried to throw the internet out the window today Didn't work.
It was already out there In the air.
gotta get my Ls back
Dick Clark died the other day.
We can no longer ring in the new years...
well played Mayans!
where have YOU been sir ?
Giants have to be considered a very live underdog at plus 4 or so points in SB
I'm always honored when awesome tweeps like enjoy my milkyness!!
Thank you for the ToTD!!
Much appreciated Kevin!!
Hope you have great writing night.
Thank you for dark chocolate  am saving it for writing in Vegas.
It's good for you!
I thought I'd be more clever tonight than I was.
THAT GROWN MAN SHT ON DECK MAD BUTTON DOWNS 10DEEP KID ROBOT STUSSY PLAY CLOTHS  ROCK SMITH !!
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
At home...jonesing for some coffee
Adizero crazy light 2s come out may 24th.
That when ill get the pair like baylor wore in the tourney!
where at?
Watching all the pieces come together .....
oh it's a magical feeling!
Hard work and determination pays off!
The games are afoot!
I am out by the pool!
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose.
Dont spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
Cant wait to see the premier of Big Brother 11 tomorrow nightunfornatually I'll be at the ballpark watching my son play 4 the championship
lol okay I'll tell her
Just heard an amazing speech from Amazing brother doing great things for future generations of black leadership.
friend asked me, how's your love life?
shook my head so she said, what about that kid from twitter you love?!
omg ha :
I've proposed it as a  Birds of a Feather session at NECC, so we'll see if it gets accepted.
TX would be great, too
NEW STORE ALERT!
We're proud to welcome into our cashback online shopping mall!
Let your friends know!
I do believe the concept for klouchebag was originally ours, amIrite?
Whoops there goes 10 grammar points...
hey cousin
They'll be popping the champagne for Josh Hamilton tonight.
Oh wait.
Never mind.
I'm having a hard time convincing myself that replacing my windshield is more important than buying an iPhone.
The robots.txt methods are now in testing
Reminder to Mark Your Calendar Dept.: MT : Performs at Rose Inn Indiana PA April 28th!
10 PM!
...
Just bought myself the most amazing Italian leather purse addicted needmoreleather can't resist the smell
Trying out echofon for iPhone....thoughts anyone?

Hey buddy, thanks for the follow.
How is Oman?
We gone be here till the morning.
I got a thang for ya.
Happy bday and congrats, Patrick!
The St.Anger album is badass...but that snare....rdhesijodfvijbug.
no.
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of my first son...The countdown begins.
I swear I am never spending 10 at McDonald's ever again.
re: usability testing I'm guilty of it.
With 140 character limit I sometimes take shortcut !
yeah someone had to say it!
definitely bright  sunny!
It's Friday, kiddies...what are we gonna do today?
Henderson seems good but blew it for me when she started to list her accolades.
She does focus on the citizens well.
DC bound
Heading over to to join girls on air for Feb.
issue previews.
Gonna debut purse for power of the purse!
Excellent!
Very small world.
Absolutely  Go Bills!
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness.
Confucius
You wanna go, bro?!
RT : shut up jerk
First practice this Wednesday from 67 on the parade grounds
On the way to PMG Studios to record a track with !!
I can smell the patchouli and compost from here
Q, morning, just sent you a email.
Ive been watching it from the start, excellent show!!!
Today in 1960 Roy Orbison was at No.2.
with Only the Lonely recorded it himself after being turned down by Elvis  Everley Brothers.
Bunting with your 3 hitter usually turns out well.
In the studio with what's good Play some Trillogy on your show
OK, next year it's the cast of Parenthood accepting for ensemble, right?
Hey heat fans its the nba playoffs you may want to be in your seat for the start of the game, smh
MasterCard exec tells it has launched safe, simple mobile payments from smartphones.
Would you use a phone to buy stuff?
my moms close friends nephew plays on the Spurs wtf she never told me thiss lol
why are you tweeting right now??
Stfu
Maybe the sham city is legal, but it is undemocratic and unfair.
People want to elect a Mayor.
he's always doctorssed that way..........
girl who said that????
How many times has endy been up tonight?
Feels like at least 8
I love the sound of thunder
Go Blue!
Wow I'm in a good mood but super unmotivated today
Good to hear the is not going to wait for AGvHT to conclude before working on 108
This bus doctorver sucks at doctorving.
I feel like I'm going to be sick.
ill be your body guard.
I have 5 months worth of muay thai experience and very limited knowlegde of jui jitsu
oh it's may.
guess i should feel lusty.
How is everyone's Sunday?
It's hard to know for sure.
That is for sure!
we def need to catch up soon and get together
Austin's mom reaching out means alot
GET YOUR ASS ON TWITTER RIGHT NOW YOUNG LADY!!!!!!!
p.s.i know where you live p.p.s.
call me
tomorrow!
Can't wait to see you lil wayne!
Happy Belated Birthday Hun...
Sorry Im Late
How great is our God?
BUT WHEN IM LOOKING AT YOU!!
Oh gawd that looks tasty :
Hey, did CMAC use Bowery Presents to book this year?
best movie ever !
HEYY GUYS!!
PLEASE help me out by following my other account !!
PLEEEAASE!!
I follow back!
Everything that I do, girl you know i do it for you 3
majority based voting at the CPD2012???
Truly outrages and sets bad, horrible precedence.
Stop the
Asap Esther im missing you
I think this is where G shot itself in the foot with it's real name policy.
Opinions?
sad you couldn't play today.
Happy Easter
Truly when it's reported that the RunAwayTowTruck was listening to
Can go to the Broncos too?
In Soviet Russia, car shine you.
With any part you play, there is a certain amount of yourself in it.
Otherwise it's just not acting.
It's lying.
Johnny Depp
How was therapy ?
Yessir.
She's an amazing talent and a beautiful person.
aww you are so SWEET!
RT : runchat if anyone needs running gear let me know.
i can normally get good deals with the affiliates i have.
HYBRID VEHICLE!
U should be doing interviews tonight, Anik looks nervous handling both.
Honestly, Anik would be better on color, w/new PBP

I dont need no lock on my fone cuz once im in a relationship.
Nobodyy bt her texts,pics, number, calls gone be in my fone.
No.
Why r you asking me.
I haven't seen him.
I haven't seen any rabbits anywhere.
I would not eat a rabbit.
Don't ask me any more questions.
we're at 367 Alhambra Circle in Coral Gables.
Thanks for the follow!
thanks girl!
:
great morning for a quick bike ride around the city.
loving the crisp fall air
Once you set your heart on a goal, almost anything is possible.
Looking for the vandals who did some serious damage to homes and cars in Belmont.
Story in minutes on 7News at 11:00

I'm an actor coach.
90 of my students have agents.
I teach actors how to run their careers.
I haven't actually logged any food since singing up, but am eating better thanks to the daily email.
Lost 3lbs since
That's my jam!
WobbleWobble!
Congrats on Grand Opening!
Good luck tomorrow!
And thank you for being a valued customer.
Ugh I think I'm getting sick.
:
I.D.G.A.F.O.S.
is one of the most beautiful things I have ever heard.
It puts me in a truly meditative space.
Thank you!
No, but the photos I've seen of Liev Schreiber are perfect!
Good preview?
You shady lady.
I know it is a weird feeling.
Is there anything better than country music circa 19931997?
The answer is no.
And there isn't an argument against that.
Sorry.
It takes all kinds of skill to get a mallet finger making the bed.
Right Sheila?
What's up Long time no see!
Being concerned of others opinions of you is a form of captainvity
IHop and Panera Bread are the best 
Aww : loved meeting you both, girls!
, any more creative ladies you want to send our way...?
;
simply making it better
Lets hire someone to do this
thank you!
Yes.
We're back up and running!
keep an eye on our announcements!
Thanks for coming!
Psst.
Plenty of room over here.
Plus, after today's announcement, we'll have better catering and nicer shoes.
love love, its a beautiful thing
A DULT look it up in dictionary.
a DULT  MORON.
ADULT.
I AM PETER PAN.
NO COMPLEX.
it SIMPLE.
BE A KID
less than 40 more friends and we hit 300!
Help us out yall!
3
lol from phong right ?
I took soo many shots that night .....
Reading a news article; found a strange appreciation for the word 'reportedly.'
RT : Bob Uecker, radio voice of the Brewers will be inducted to the NAB Hall of Fame tomorrow!
Congrats Bob!
what's up guys get at me songwritermusicofdash on the work work flow!
Let's make hitts
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.
Aaliyah
My neighbors love my music so much when I blast it, that they invited the police to listen.
Registration for the Winter 2011 Day Intensive Programs happens tomorrow and Wednesday from 11am  3pm in C354.
Don't forget!
Lucky you!
Our visit on Saturday was great.
Atmosphere is unique  tranquil.
The Indian was still in the corner
PREWORKOUTS: Which products are your favorite or find most effective?
thanks dude!
Officially have a clean record
If you cannot accept me at my worst, then you dont deserve me at my best.
Hi Kevin.
Likewise.
Nice work!
Google Alert  Katy Perry  Da 411 On...
Katy Perry
Thanks to everyone!!!
Huge thanks to Stephen Mak from and from for speaking at owasp Orlando last night!
YES.
I DID.
WITH IT WAS AWESOME.
Listening to and his mama chat with what I call their Southern Yankee talk.
Thinking about playing.
football.?
how important is your career when your managers email is LIL Stacey?
youcallthatbusiness?
Music.
Music.
Music.
That test was so long!!
and they like reset our calculators!!
Sometime when crafting a pitch, I start with the problem.
Other times, the vision.
It seems both are appropriate at times.
Even Puffy wears a suit to court!
When ppl say I Love You because it just feels good to say are the type tht pisses me off!
Resident Evil's too scary for me.
I've played Skyrim.
And I don't really like the FF series...
They kinda bore me.
can mobile devices be used for the hhrising voting?
our fans want to know.
Heading 2 New Orleans next month to do a 1 day course 4 a business  then off to Phoenix to speak for the World Scientific Congress of Golf.
It's crazy how things work out!
God has a plan for everyone!
I'm really Worried how my Fams going to act when they meet my babe / only my cousins knw the real truth thou.
Goodnight!!
please follow me Ari!!
3
It was amazing, Chekov was a little too much.
That curly mop top just didn't sell the character well.
Combover, Chekov, Combover.
Lol, you already are famous!
Too bad our next film is taking place in a high school...
are you cool playing a 15 year old?
I just got a call from a 14 digit number.
Lol wtf!
6 days left of highschool...it's going by way to fast now 
A tear divides my heart and yours.
Sitting here jammin ' to my baby doctorke :
thank you : its my favorite cut by far!
It's so easy :
Headed to LA in a couple of weeks to check out housing and for an interview.
Where should I go for the best tacos?
thank you!3
do you know when/if alpha omega is going to be released on the US itunes store?
Happiness is an inside job.
If I don't have inner peace, than I have nothing.
Today, I find time to breathe deeply and look for the good.
Chivalry aint dead.
But it is seriously crewed up.
Kevin hart is too funny.
Pretty aint what it use 2 b ;/
A pair of would complement this hella nice day really well
Looking forward to discussing and the need for a strong civil justice system with students today
i thought you were talking about the school of business one ok thats fine
O, to be in snowy Britannia today.
, you've let me down.
preciate that!!!
do a favor and share that thang!!!!
we tryna get it out there!!!
LOL!!
aw but it's true :
I think he had to go.
He was a great man, but this was a staggering failure.
Reporting child abuse should be easy decision
Old avi back
My aunt wants me to tutor her in math so she can pass a college exam??
Hi all!
Creative Recruiter here with Vitamin T, division of Aquent.
Hope it's not too late to join in!
A quiet morning for remembering, honoring, and meditating on this day 10 years ago.
Have we cared and loved in those years and honored life.
Cant sleep!!!
I KNOW I'm awake, BUT it sure does feel like I'm asleep.
Beautiful  inspiring..
you had me choked up big time.
Happy to be a part of it in a small way.
Xo
I don't know man, I just want to notice me.
3333
The six day ChickfilA WinShape Ride for the Family comes to an end TODAY Friday, October 14, 2011 at 11.
Come out and show your support!
Paul George...
You have been EXTINGUISHED!!
Nope....
Doesn't have the same feeling
CRWV so much for a million  promotion.
Thats how quick it can happen kids!
Jammit is free to download and you get to demo a Rush song for free...so you can try it on your iPad/iPhone or Mac OS X first.
Bulls on Early as fuck...
Anyone else feel like the thumbs down button on Pandora is bullshit?!
I swear, same crappy songs play days later after hitting that thing
Nah, it's best left to the imagination
Every time Obama comes on TV I can't help myself.
I have to change the station.
Tired of the blah blah, blah
Really bummed when good creatives are forced to leave Portland because they can't find work.
They found jobs in SF and LA.
Just heard and eagle cry for help.
No joke.
are u talking about that festival?
Dang!
I was excited there for a second!
Lol Hope you're well.
Sin will take your time away from you
That's how I roll
Haha same here..Global warming has finally struck..
Free at last, free at last, thank god almighty i'm free at last
Thanks!
I need to hire a stenographer for the office so I can just dictate the articles while I doctorll.
:
I bet I could take some kick ass close ups of flowers and shit.
I bet people would even want me to do their senior pictures!
of course!
another dude to holler at would be too bruh.
People underestimate brick squad .
There just jealous that waka screams in his songs and there still hits.
Can't remember the last time I didn't tweet for three days.
Been very caught up in the emotions of leaving this amazing place/people
haveing 1 of my bullies almost cut my hair 4 the 2nd time iam DONE
night twitt twit
BOYFRIEND  AMAZING ...you just keep making us Beliebers PROUD!!
: LOVE this song.
BACONE.
Aww waste of tweet, typos make me go on suicide watch.
RT : A man does not have to be an angel in order to be saint.
Albert Schweitzer
Long time no talk.
No love for your old friend anymore?
mother's day brunch for one
At the bus stop listening to Jack Johnson's Sitting, Waiting, Wishing.
I don't even know you and you're talking to me like that ?
How rude
Layover in Seattle on my way back to Sac.
Ah!
I wish I had time to go home and see my peeps!
Thinking of you all and miss you dearly!!!!
my parents tell me i'm popular...it must be true
: Congratulations to the Golden Eagles and the Badgers!
We will be there loud and proud...Great job on the road trip guys!!!
BC will be jumpin!
Stay pesky!!!
Depends wether you are happy to see the Polians go, but we have Let's Go Blue Pancakes!
They will help you get over any coaching change.
My wonderful husband cooked dinner since I was pooped from cleaning out some closets today.
Now my house smells like bacon  I feel loved.
: Just had a GREAT RUN ON !
Can't wait til the water is warm enough to jump in!ON keuka?
If you aren't watching live, you are probably living.
I wanna make a collage of you and Austin :
You're probably following and I'm the invisible one.
what if the supe's ?
wasn't, how do i get this person to be a principal?, but, how do we help everyone do this work?
Camp today and 2mister in Boyceville, then off 2 Chip Falls McDonnell for 2 days of camp, then Chicago 4 USJN Great American Showcase!...Busy!!
Absolutely horrific.
I'd be praising God for sparing me, but where would you start?
Finally have time to watch a Brewers game tonight for the first time in 2 and a half weeks!
I missed baseball.
So much.
But so is former Avon Mayor Richard Burke.
If it comes down to a convention/nomination fight the breakdown goes something like this...
Any recommendations for reasonable, close place to stay during conference?
Hostels?
i'm in the market for the same setup.
what gear did you use?
Never been!
Some year, I'm sure...
Yup.
Need those magic fingers for tweeting  blogging thus no dangerous sledding.
I'm doing very well.
Meeting with clients and working on paper.
The usual right...
:
even if he doesn't play baseball
: Kinda sad I'm not going to Prom now...
that's sad everyone deserves to go to prom.
perfect!
Look forward to meeting you
In science class I dissected a frog...it was cool yet gross  the same time.
My friend cut off its leg.
hey sweetie i hope you have a great day as well
U can win a MVP by yourself, but u gone need a team to win,a ring...
YSL  Enjoyed greatly.
Only needed live models to animate the fashion like YSL would have wanted us to see!
Health Tips: People who go on Atkins diets do not suffer higher rates of Heart Disease that such a high fat diet should indicate!
Why my office is usually in my jacuzzi, until I doctorp my phone in it....lol....
Hey: Here's a mothering tip.
check out Cool the Earth; free climate change program for mom's to bring to schools!
Bow ties are really cool this season, just make sure they have lots of fun colors in them.
www.southfloridaalerts.com
CopperMnt got 3 inches from this storm...certain promises were made and not kept, mister weatherman!
Enjoyed Archon, but feel offkilter this week, like 5 days of Mondays with 4 sneaking in under different names.
Already thinking about 2012
So tired, but a Glenn is here!!!
Hollywood is gonna be nuts tonight!
movies tonight with Maddie :
Broncos plane w/ John Elway on board now en route to NC.
TrafficCopter850 watched it leave at 8:24am MT.
latest
It is about engagement, not marketing,
Sometimes stuff just works out
would love to, but somebody's gotta be on the news desk at 4am!
I know!
Why do men like the couch so much?
I HATE BEING THE THIRD WHEEL ALWAYS BEHIND
The great thing about going to something like Armory is you decide very quickly what you're willing to spend time on.
seattle: always imitated, never duplicated
what the heck alex:D
I'm not sure which black bars I hate more, the sides, or top  bottom.
Remember when TVs didn't have those?
Sticking around for doctorgba11thMinute but then skipping the final Chelsea game of the season to plant flowers with my Mom.
will face on Sat., at 5:30 p.m.
MT in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.

I live 5 minutes away from Turner Field ...
haven't been to a game yet this year.
There seems to be no lengths to which humorless people will not go to analyze humor
Hello!
I'm having trouble accessing the English language link  is there a direct link to the English site?
Gracias!
The air quality isn't that good either, always feel like I'm wearing most of it.
This is too spicy.
yaayy!
I hope good people are there tomoroww
What's your advice for our 2011 Summer Camp Counselors????
In this world, be yourself.
Everyone else is taken.
Anyone wanna steal a car and go ti the beach?
I promise I'm a good doctorver
So proud of client : Words can't explain how happy and blessed I am to be apart of this organization.let's get it!
love me Bo Jackson.
Hated the Bolts tonight though.
They looked horrible.
haha : i sure as hell am :DD i like cant wait .
ive ben waiting for this for what seems like ever !
i just want to go home :
Early release prison program
Well here comes the STORMS!!
Clean tech has positive impacts on ops and the environment
Tonight we'll be talking about the flurry of NBA moves this week, and the start of camps, the IUKY game, XavierCincinnati, and the NFL
The Single Life 187  It's Blasphemy, I Tell You!
beard kill 99.1 of germs.
The other .1 is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
RT : New to the twitters:  Petworth's new hardware store!
World Geo, why?
It's only 19 degrees.
Good day to spend in my sauna of an office with its oldschool heating.
Knowing you made someone day is a great feeling.
is this my favorite Peter?
Lol
There is no victim yet.
Zimmerman is innocent until proven guilty.
Due process even for people we hate
I'm a foodie!
Thanks for following.
could please follow me !!!!!
Go USA!!
We need to take advantage of these opportunities!!
so.
freaking.
awesome.
almost froze to death but so worth it to see my pick win!
Thanks for the props.
Clint Eastwood for Motor City on comeback commercial imported from Detroit during Superbowl now that ROCKED
Thanks for the follow  looks awesome!
Did you hear?
will be available in just days!
Love to see local ice cream pairing with local biz...
I don't think I've ever used gosh darn ever in my life until today.
Better hurry  you only have 5 minutes to answer our first SunbeltTT question!
Someone come get carissa I from her house on 120th  Center.
PLEASE.
Headed to for their second service of the morning!
Happy Easter everyone!
Today For the Last Air Up There we Having a Sale for the Dopiest Concert Series EVER...
Come thru and Save on some Kicks
Cool.
I think I'm going to try to go, so maybe I'll see you there if you can.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Need to get away and just relax 
unless you're then it's just a good time with good food at a good price.
Thanks for giving me permission, lol.
Looking for an experienced KITCHEN MGR ....immediate opening starting rate is 15 per hr.
come on in an interview direct w me!!!!!!
So proud that we have so many local sponsors this year : Thank you Reno!
im toasted like it ain't no 2mar
Everytime I use a public bathroom I think to myself, damn this many people got sharpies on them at all times!
lol 
Polybius Those who know how to win are much more numerous than those who know how to make proper use of their victories.
FOLLOW RIGHT NW LETZ GET TO 700 FOLLOWERZ SO YOU CAN HEAR OUR NEW SINGLE
Trut's own words to me: not yet domesticsome key pieces missing in the domestication puzzle.
Repro is one among many.
OMG!
Happy birthday matt!!
HappyBirthdayMattGraham :
Spurs lead Lakers 6347 at half.
Can they maintain?
have fun you two!!
Take care of my Piccolina!!
Carrot cake and coffee breakfast.
Happy Friday!
He who doctornks a little too much doctornks much too much.
likes ignoring her daughter :/
No sword in the video?
thee only thing keeping me here is you...
Thanks man, worked really hard on it!
Think I'm gonna buy a cannon rebel and be a photographer.
What do you think?
Are you an interior designer or realtor?
I work with designers and realtors to improve spaces for living and sale.
Lets talk.
RT DuneyJefe Money...sex...something being ratchet ..swag...eatin pussy.
..etc typical tweets on twitter..:/

I wish u would make up ur mind..
LOL!!
RT : NYC for my birthday.
Lmfao I know I know lol
I'd do anything, I'd give you my world, I'd wait forever to be your girl..
:' Perfect memories.
please follow
A man is the sum of his actions, of what he has done, of what he can do, Nothing else.
Mahatma Gandhi
hello ronald!
We see a lot of clients ignore YouTube posting to Facebook  Twitter.
That's a big mistake for SEO and SMM!
Will also be presenting REST API with Zend Framework at 9:00
Follow GiveGlobal12 and stay up to date with the Conference!
dear stevejobs, thank you for being a man who made everyday life better with your gadgets.
Had the most epic fail trips ever:l, lawl
Went GF last year, less aches and pains, overall less inflamation, overall feel much better.
Stay with it.
Make 2012 great!
Believe in the i m p o s s i b l e 3
: welcome to Twitter!
I will write a new letter soon...
Did you know that Jamaica has the most churches per square mile of any other country in the world?
Just tuned into the Clippers Griz game and Gilbert is guarding Nick Young.
2 former Wiz going at it

Claire baby, I wish you could see how it all got twisted...
are you talking to me?
Plastikman bout to help me get through proofreading this group essay.
Always : shoutout to I fux wit her da long way
Have fun Kathy!
My advice?
Make arrangements NOW to have charitable contribution truck come by for postsale pickup!
And he's back!!!
If you gave clothes to your grandkids instead of candy, I would have to give you a beatdown!
mom, i honestly thought i was going to be raped for a second.
he had the craziest look in his eyes  at one point, he said let's get it on
Nice, I like watching ESPN on mute and listening to you guys.
Way more entertaining and more Bronco perspective that way.
Wanna learn how to dance like ?
Follow !
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 11

well,well,well wut do we have here?
I love you so much!
Wish me a goodnight?
xoxo 3
NeverApologizeFor saying what you feel.
That's like saying sorry for being REAL.
I want to take VOGUING from BENNY NINJA SO BAD!!!
errrrk you allotted free time
To all of my friends in Thailand:I am praying for uwishing there r no more deaths or tragic circumstances for u2deal w/due to the flooding.
bacon apple?
I just had it.
Delish!
I tried polling people to see if anyone cared, but only responded.
keep the healthy fear and you will keep your digits intact!
trying to improve my potty mouth
Do you have a phone chicka?
hi ya, a black hole sucked me in for the past few weeks and spit me out in London.
Finally I get to catch up w Twitter.
If you're doing things right, what's there to fear?
Sounds like it's time for an Airing of Grievances.
i want to love you!
PYT pretty young thing..
need some loovin!
tender lovin girl!
aand i'l take you theeerree!!
Cheers to all those women who help make the world succeed Happy Women's Day!
happy birthday 
What are you doing to prevent gum disease?
CoQ 10?
B vitamins?
Tongue scraper?
How cute....
is trying to seem relevant
The good news  Harper is potty trained!
The bad news  when she has to go  2, she has to go  2, no matter where she is.
sounds like a shitty city...
well, at least not my kind of city.
yes absolutely : and what time are we leaving for boozle I gotta tell my cousin ahahah
I hate it that this guy wakes up so late ;
me too girl, me too.
RT : The AUC should have a big Easter egg hunt with scholarships in them...that would be epic
next year you can perform with glade ; halfjk, i know nothing can replace cde!
Merde!
I hate when people do that..like they're so stupid.
Contradictive idiots.
I cannot believe I almost forgot to wish one of my favorite mama's a Happy Mother's Day!
Hope it was great I heart you!!!
Satrapi doesn't attack the regime itself, she attacks social taboos that make it possible
Hate people that are all talk no action...!
Ughh.
I wish I could just use Google Translate.
Has anyone noticed that the first inning is yovoni worst by far.
Don't know the stats.
Just observation.
well that's good : i don't think prom is as big of a deal.as.people make it
RetweetThis I can look in her face and tell the pussy good
Did Valentine confess his love for any dictators yet?
bring on Big Hurt
Oh no!
Please leave feedback, happy to adjust if necessary and we'll check in with this doctorver.
cc
Emerilware is all on sale at TKG!
Stop by and pick some up for your favorite grad or bride!
Cruz over Douglas, Brown over Cruz.
If PPR Celek, if not Ballard
Show has been awesome so far awesome day!!
20 min to go!!
Just got back from shopping for ingredients for Sangria!
It'll be my first try.
Getting ready for CincoDeMayo with girlfriends!
Will you marry me, Austin?
Howdy!
Found you while searching for fans of Mass Effect.
Off to learn all about PMI's views on Project Time Management.
It's official, the NOLA Teachers' Gathering has been postponed.
We'll be in touch with Swan River  let you know when they choose a new date
Beautiful month of Bliss...
August.
Happy new month tweeps!
Love it!!
that was good and follow me back :
Happy Saturday!
Get out of the house and get your butt in here for dinner!
Now!!!
:
venturing out of Queens with Lena for the first time since Friday
not my favorite place, but for the UFC I'm in
I agree.
Eddie.
Murphry should do another standup show
More like Revenge of the Fifth.....
Wow this weather  oh my fucken asdfghjkl I hate the wind:P
Models imply that it is easy to determine who is info literate, regardless of subject matter, etc
Lavoy Allen's Playoffs have been a pleasant surprise.
RT : thank you for creating a dialogue for fathers and family awareness.
Sleeping with Jacobs jacket  my pillow pet that smells like him 3
I heard neck tattoos are gonna be very in this year
Ciao!It's monday!
Put on your calendar Live at Jack's Patio Bar this friday Jannuary 8 2010 show start 9pm don't miss it!
Feeling a bit dizzy.
Did someone tilt the planet last night?
hey next time I'm about to run an 80 yard touchdown don't run into me!
do you remember that haha
I'm lit up like Project X in this bitch!!
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born To Run
Well let's see if the eagles can lose another!!!
If you don't already, follow  she's been an amazing asset to my company and an all around awesome person!
Andoctorid coming so soon!
yea fo sho!
Once my twitter starts wring again I'll follow u, my bad homie
This Damn dunkin donuts is so ghetto, they never have coffee ready
two car posts in an hour man!
Back away from the jalopnik!
:
way to go Daryl from PA!
go girls!
they better win Sat.
And especially champions cup on 19th.
where You work at
Will there be signed preorders available again?
Thank you  can't wait!
I'm jealous of my washer  doctorer too.
Seriously I have such a Depression era cheap mindset, I feel like it belongs to someone else.
Actually, some of those do help!
Thanks!
Or Lewis Carroll w/o having tried LSD.
.
is Twitterposting archive items about Mike Wallace.
Oh Ok I'll Tell Him To Shout You Out On My Camera
Congratulations!
RT : OMG!!!!
I got a 1st 4 my World Cinema module!
1st first of my whole time at Uni : cnt believe it!!!
Hmmp.
Cat missed me more than kids.
1st in after keydoctorp.
Thinks wire on LITA badge are as tasty as wii wire...
There are times when I just have to admit that I'm a damn good editor!!!
A handy list of thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly
i know...
toys just cannot compare to cardboard and pine cones and ribbons.
so why do we spend the money?
cool, cool, cool
Avengers Time!!
Out with ...
About to get out total comicgeek on!!!!
GOT A GREATDEAL ON TIX FOR FRIDAY 8PM TAC COMEDY WORKS IAN EDWARDS SHOW I,M STOKED,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Time to buy some Japanese stocks.
wats up wit a follow back
Great commercial from Focus on the Family.
He did send His one and only Son.
And His love is eternal...as is our life of we believe in Him.
Seattle is finally giving me what I need!!!
What a beautiful day for time lapse :
It's official!
We're in Hammacher Schlemmer!
Check us out at 57th street between 3rd and Park!
if defense wins championships, these two teams are all set
I haven't fallen off the planet I'm just spring cleaning my health.
but I do that all the time.
Ferd Hoefner most important statement of the day.
Advocate to protect the hardwon gains of the last few farm bills.
Man McDonald's sweet tea is amazing
RT Too often the CES exhibitorPR relationships are broken.
Why hire a PR firm to setup appointments that you don't keep?
I feel worthless to you.
oh no, I just wanna meet one direction haha, and idk how early people will camp out

Devin..give some some to the Big Blue Nation.
Love tonight's show.
concentrate on the muscle you're working during a specific exercise and don't allow your other muscle groups to assist
RT Music all day today!
:
What!!
Why did they do that?!
Haha poor meesha
Happy Mothers Day!
:
I love that picture SO MUCH!!
Well, then, you come by it honest, I suppose.
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
ohohohohohoh be my baby
Counting down the days until our next trip to Emmendingen in June.
Then it's the Weinfest in August ...
the place to be!
The things I say in my head  the things I actually say.
The man first tried peace treaty with Attila the Hun.
Home in RI for a while.
Hope to get some time to finish my thesis and continue the museumjob hunt.
Can's wait to ROCK THE JUNGLE  LET'S GO KOMETS!!
word!
I'm there brah.
What time?
Hahaha love the news!
This guy jut said the fire was pretty bad cuz it was pretty hot!!
Wtf?!
The only thing liberal about me is that I believe anyone can be a conservative!!
Provided they have a brain!!
Having a superbowl party?
I have superbowl cupcakes!
Now I'm on the line with an automated system, trying to explain that I want tickets to Sigur Ros.
Unsurprisingly, it isn't going well.
im like so i dont even know right now haha
Reason 35: indiana eliminated its state inventory tax!
Dwayne Bowe doesn't look like he could catch a cold today
Tequila is like liquor made from Christmas trees.
: Join us for sparkandhustle chat!
We would love for u to stop by!
hey nakia!
Sure when is the chat?
Where is the info?
RT Still casting for a dating show for a WELL KNOWN NETWORK!
wtf is wrong with my life.
Yo Rubix, you guys are awesome  so much fun!
Can't wait to do more shows together.
RAWK!
Glad you enjoyed it!
I've found ULD to be a key foundational step for success in B2B marketing
Congrats  the rest of the gang wishiniwasincprightnow bigW RJBentleys?
Live you life to the fullest every day cause you never know when you'll leave this earth.
Be all that u can be...take vitamin C!!
New rule: no more than 3 tweets per day
woah, low blow.
and most of my pics are of tim mcilrath
Did you catch him live or was that something on record?
you totally just made everyones day!!!!
Hahaha : x
You didn't have to stoop so low.
flixel is fun but they are to short...gifshop is...well an animated gif haha hello 1990
Watching the Immortals, getting dinner and then my bday party?
I'm living the doctoram.
thanks!
Come see us at Indigo sometime!
We host it every Friday :
is it that one girl who is totally hooked on you?
I think she's crazy for you, bruh.
The mayor has declared tomoro Indiana Pacers Blue  Gold Day.
Support your hometown team and wear your blue  gold!
Thanks !
Follow Back?;
WhatIMissMost my car.
:
Today is 's annual clean your office day, which should be a quarterly event.
Free story idea: Roundup of nonstaterun campgrounds  parks for people worried about a gov't shutdown.
Finally finished the invisible bridge by Julie Orringer.
Where are my tissues?
WSPA juniors showing how Sconnie nation can dance in Chicago
No i didnt, I was tellin you tht you were funny  : Inna good way
getting ready for work.
.
Lots of stuff to get done for 's birthday tomorrow
Leadership is getting others so excited about the view from the mountaintop that they actually enjoy the climb.
Im still in palm springs haha
she say se need a break then block him then go with another dude
: I find muscular guys unattractive.
I prefer tall lanky guys.
unpopularopinion same here!
A horribly offensive ad hominem.
And they don't get why!
I think we can prove our atheist points without hateful language.
1 season doctorps r tough.
I think S2 of Arrested is great.
Alias fell off a cliff, but after S2.
Veronica Mars after S2.
Glee 4 sure.
This is kinda awkward
Tonight is Aldine's 2012 Prom!
I hope everyone who are going has a great time :D
NOT TIRED!!!
but I need energy for tommisterw...
Glad you liked the book, and keep up the good work with your students.
I've got that too!
Four externals.
That's why I'm getting a 2GB doctorve on my iMac.
I say Phil and Josh.
and how about you what you doing
I was just picking it up lol
Entertainment/marketing/advertising
Theres a fighter in everyone.
awww : i'm not pretty though xx
We've been so excited to share some of the new music with you guys.
Maybe today will be the day.
Have I mentioned that is my Great Person Of The Day?
thanks for the FF!
Time for some US Toy action.
I'm there from 10am  11am for autographs, pictures and tomfoolery.
Come on out!
We will have game 7 of the WorldSeries on!
Come watch the game  get your party on  at the same time!
Who will you be rooting for?
Hey that's great!
Bet you feel awesome.
Running is such an important part of my life; w/o it, everything feels offbalance!
THE SCREAMER ROLL: Japanese HOT Mustard, WASABI, Asparagus  Tuna.
GreatnessIs Achieving your goals:
There is a cheeseburger at cheeseburger n paradise called back to the basics
Gonna be a good game, especially as now we have cash and bragging rights on it!!
You should come out!!
Dear chocolate nutrition bar inventor: Thank you for making my lifelong doctoram of eating chocolate for lunch a reality.
I can't wait till Spring Break 
Now  Then I Think Of All The Times You Screwed Me Over, Had Me Believing That It Was Always Something That I've Done .
I try not to be too self examining of things I can't control.
The thing I examine most on the show is the standard to which we execute.
Time to push a personal agenda.
Don't cancel this amazing show!
Save Dollhouse!
Save Echo!
Pls Retweet so FOX will listen!
work is not productive today
i took a nap for 3 hours now what......
Thanks alot bro!
same here man, u cool, and i should be back lol I honestly wish i wasn't, i was jus teling that lol
Yeah, I've been reading Kevin Feige talk about AVENGERS 2 for weeks now.
I don't see how the sequel talk is new news.
Off to visit the new Schusterman Library!
Don't know man.
You'll have to find out.
Happy GIS Day.
Heading to the NYC GeoSymposium.
Presenting this afternoon.
You threw away a good girl for a filthy slut.
Let me know how that works out.
If followed me I would be so happy.
He's another of my many influences when i make music :
Why do I always want to punch Mike Tomlin?
Rt me too
hey if your with amanda tell her to check her phone!
Possibly, definitely some fear for announcers, definitely won't see Gus Johnson call out Marvin Lewis
GOD DO I HATE MY MOM.
News: Detroit's own Jill Jack will be replacing Nick Urb at Michigan Tastes and Tunes on Thursday!
Oh, Thanks.
I'll check it out.
lol u should come!:
hey preston i was wondering if cod4 on mac is worth getting thanks!
yes come by every Friday!!!
;
Thanks for the RT!
I am so glad you are supporting me.
I am working on packaging now and the kit should be available soon.
Thank you x2 to !
Girl, where would we be w/o you.
School tomorrow.
EW.
Most memorable moments of 2011...
shot a pheasant from 58 yds, hit a trifecta in Ireland, ran with the devil in Boulder City...
great year
Since getting the new iPad, I haven't looked at my laptop.
I've become a much simpler user.
August is here already!!!
OMG!!!!
Fuck Dhat Bruh.
Im Bout To Be On That Mario Party 2 Shit Bruh.
Bro Im Out Deuces Guddnite Twitter Buddies.
O.o
Aw, man.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I am, thank you!
And how has your day been?
Thanks to you NCORE 2011 was our most wellattended conference for the past several years!
Let's make NCORE 2012 in NYC even bigger!
degenerative disc disease!
yay!
Shakes : chocolate , Oreo , strawberry , mint chocolate chip, coffee and kahlua just to name a few!!!!!'
cries because this is perf
get your license!
yes Lee does not pull punches
Hawaii friends!
Check out Wendy Perkins of NPR fame tonight  5:30  the ground floor, it's her first showing of Faces her Hawaiian series
Friendly reminder as we're wrapping up the last week of programming for the semester.
Financial paperwork is due by 5 pm on Monday, May 2nd!
M I just had a nutella bread 4 breakfast!!!!!!
U should luv nutella!!!!!!
Coast2Coast Mixtape/Magazine Industry Mixer tomorrow night.
...
Sorry dude..
Being in pain sucks..
Looking for my keys.
Oh wait, the freaking Roaming Gnome had them.
from experience, I know the answer to this question is until it's time to do laundoctor again.
like asap!
please :
i told so we waitin on him lol
Brought apple slices for my 1 yr old on the car ride to my audition today and lo and behold my husband ends up eating them!
So she's a quitter.
ha ha wow yea rite!!
Ese me scared
ugh im bored
To me it defeats the purpose of the testing which can detect problems in the curriculum  how it is being delivered to the students
Is reading Eat, Pray, Love!
Hope to see you at the happy hour!
RT : You should meet!
HRFL11 RT : I'm at HR...
Someone has obviously confused busyness with business.
did you like the concert?
:D
Buy SIX weeks by noon Friday for Monday delivery and you get one WEEK FREE Coupon Code : CE2012NYR6
will be slurping down Guayaki's delicious mate at SoCap08
I switched channels when they were down by 10 and just turned back.
Wow.
RT : This game is LINsane!!!
Fa real!
Look out!
my parents are queens at making mountains out of molehills.
and it always escalates to: pack your shit, get the fuck out.
its getting old
Dear , I read 's great piece in the NYTimes.
Too bad you're afraid of PR.
All big retailers study customers; you do it best.
There are some places u play at that you feel like a guest..
others that feel like going home..
Today felt like home
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin.
Happy TGIF!
I don't have school 2day haha!
Are you coming to tonight's game?
I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple NewPal students at 6:30pm.
Not yet becuz of banking issues, but doing this wkend!
Putting all kinds of hairspray and goop on your hair because it is entirely too frizzy sometimes.
Wrong turn 4 is tha shit they getting freaky on this bitch lmao
Glad you are enjoying it!
RT : LOVE the DowntonPBS Much better than this FOOTBALL moment
missing my boyfriend right now, just wish he was here
Today was amazing
hustling at the beginning was paramount
Did you know that companion rats enjoy Max  Ruffy's mini bites just as much as dogs??
We have a huge rat following  Love it!!
Second question: Do you have any experience acting in film or tv?
If so, please explain.
Let's not forget to show the power of Packernation and vote for tonight
Nice to see you this morning!
It's been too long.
You guys do a great job organizing the breakfasts.
The LGBT protections and the violence against woman act should be 2 diff debates.
Both important but diff all the same.
Got new brakes now off home to take a shower and get ready to go get some chipolet with my baby Rufus side looks bottle of tequila
my liver is shot...
But it was totally worth it!
Good job at flopping!
I wish we did
Just saw a cone man downtown!
Lmfao hella cool:
Best Texas quotes so far came from a sixtyyearold bearded man.
There's a ton of cutting edge tech here  the CES show this year.
Head is still spinning.
Good showing by the photo industry.
RT : Mobile Access  todays students want the ability to access and study coursework wherever they may roam.
that was GREAT!
For some reason, I only know about the TMobile cell site conversions in southwestern Michigan, because that is where the calls come from.
doctorve traffic by Blogs: Be sure to Post often and leave some posts in highly ranked blog sites relating to your business.
heck yeah!
I feel its a bit of a maniacal laugh though.
Muhahaha...
:o
Mitchell's Clothing
He singlehandedly defeated communism.
RT I wish I could have been at the Rocky vs.
The Russian fight.
Legendary.
Let's go
what's up?
I probably don't care about 3G.
It's easy enough to download a day's worth of PDFs from doctorpbox while I have wifi and just go
Don't make promises you can't keep.
never take for granted the people you have in your life.
keep them close, and hold on tight .
I'm allowed out starting this weekend.want to have a sleepover friday night since we have the cheer clinic in the morning?
Im gonna keep checking everyday for tickets on stub hub  other websites hopefully ill find something:
you wanna switch??
yeah, it's looking more and more like i'm not going to wait 3 more weeks.
yeah dude I wanna steal the recipe for that shit fo sho god damn
Hi from across the street!
You look good on the big screen!
STARSHIPS WERE MEANT TO FLY
Thanks for the announcement :
This guy offered me chronic, and got prayed over instead!
AGTG
No one is ever going to tell me i cant be a singer ever again
Thanks, Mark!
Following back.
: 
Hope: the general feeling that some desire will be fulfilled.
Do you have any?
Tell us!
the enthusiasm surrounding it reminds me of the monorail episode of the Simpsons.
Might have to take a trip to tha atl this summer
You need to DM me just found out you're in our hotel tomorrow!
broadcasting live!
is that a rhetorical question?
Why She Lyin To Herself
Oh you make me smile :D uncle kracker
follow me please?
I love all my twitter followers 3 You are all so sweet!
Every1 B careful this holiday season, Police got extra force on da streets.
Very cool, Vijay.
actually, no, but good math tho
jus woke up,ready to eat..
I love the 4 year old ranting.
Somebody should hire her for her marketing ideas.
OMG I FUCKING LOVE lmao!!!:D
I haven't read it, but I've heard that it's a good read  esp.
if you like military history
How do we make kids more social readers
this friday actually !
It's a mix.
I prefer having them come to me, but I keep them short.
Atwell says go to them, so you can leave.
: You'll get by, with a smile.
np
The radio version of young wild and free......ahahahahaha
I just saw the Tupac hologram at McDonald's.
I KNOW!!!!
It HAD to be a pantyliner!
Sigh!
its a latino thing
Wish I was still on spring break
CNN running a series on Perceptions of Beauty which addoctorsses both sexes.
Via
With Thanksgiving over the holiday season is officially underway, begging the question: when is eggnog froyo arriving ?
i barely had the time to make me one

it is because of you that I have this.
:
for sure!
The total cost of a fulltime registered nurse at a hospital averages 45/hour, or 98,000 a year much higher than the average base wage
oh okay.
I see.
!.
AVOID THE LINE...
CUM EARLY....2 doctorNKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Anyone know why the sidewalks in sanfranciso are glittery?
Faith does not make things easy it makes them possible Luke1:37
RT wish I could retweet that
I doctorpped a pickle on the floor when I was trying to get one out of the jar.
Put it back?
I think so.
I beat the 3 second rule.
Indeed , how right you are.
how many people
the serious answers kill me, so it requires subtle trolling
nah ill stick with doing squidwards job for now lol B
When I play basketball I do the Micheal Jordan tongue stick out lol.
son what you doing?
Economic history, or Religious History, or Social History, and so on.
You might think of what you want to know or want to...
Awesome!
I will cheer them on!
Want some Norteno?
U got it!
Dec.
23rd.
Ramon Ayala!!
Finish shopping  bring the family dancing.
Nothing says health and care like federal mandate
thanks for recommending us and hope we'll see you soon!
Social support doesn't scale.
Newsflash: phone, chat and email don't scale either.
R u  Pinkberry!!!
WE ARE!
Come on by and don't forget to mention RPCV/W as 20 of the proceeds will go to our 50th Fund!
Windshields were made to break a certain way in an accident, but only if installed correctly.
Call Auto Glass Experts for more 4144097263
fuck you, ads.
oh shit!
:O
you probable hear this a lot but your really cute!
WTF.
Botdf on warped?
Please tell me this is a fucking joke.
If someone ever says to you in any way, ain't got no just please stupid smack them
Nothing to do on such a nice day..
It was brought to my attention that my last tweet was offensive.
I should be more cautious.
D.A.R.E officers may also be woman.
I apologize.
the goose RT: for the first time!
Wow its huge and great selection.
750ml Grey Goose 23.99
When Jesus died on the Cross, not only did He pay the price for your sin, it was also God's way of saying your life is of infinite worth.
Paul isn't teasing.
He's speaking the honest truth.
anyone have an ATT Microcell you want to part with?
my service sucks in our new apartment..
you see that four headed monster in the storm loom snipe em from a distance the scope gotta long zoom :D
If y'all need tatts done hit up
Be amenable to the here and now so you can see the splendor that surrounds us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Nokia loses mobile top spot.
What39;s left?
Good!
I Got A Medusa Piercing!
RT : I want a Lascaux Cave font comprised of berries, blood and the sounds of wild animals outside the cave.
Thx Susan Williams for leadership of !
Congrats to for taking it over!
Gr8tLeaders!
You go to any university today  you are up to your ass in poets.
Kenneth Rexroth, 1969
Rogers new book is a book of essays...
if i wanted your opinion, i'd of asked you for it...
since i didn't, please hush.
:
I feel like I've been in a coma for the past twenty years.
And I'm just now waking up.
going no where fast we've reached ouur climax.
Do you let yourself experience the full, real you?
Listening to some of that NorthWestFresh while brainstorming 
Please tell Sue Moss to talk a little louder...
we can't hear her!
Love you Nancy  Check out
That was a strike.
Wow school is big haven't got lost my lockers on third floor all of my classes but one r on the second I am loving xc though
Goodnight tweeters 
If the running of the bulls is happening upstairs from me right now, I need to get out of bed and explore Pamplona.
we should talk to about doing a story after this.
Lots of people need to know what we're doing.
damn I need like, a really cool famous white dude in my crew.
Chris Pine?
Channing?
Nick Cannon?
If it doesn't make you happy, remember  life's too short.
Take a chance, have a doctoram  don't waste love on the oblivious.
news that the world is ending  5 missed calls from mom
LOL that's horrible.
The next generation is so corrupted.
Got To Luv U
Alan just told me my hair reminded him of the Lion King.
Lmfao, thanks .
.
.
you should've come to pitt too :p
Happy April to you!!
is amazing, i am now following the !
Was just hearing the same thing.
Really this guy thinks he is a tomato because they threw a brick at him and he started bleeding he said my god I'm a tomato
I did a search and found 1 of my relatives, so I checked 2 see who they're following, well I nearly died at all the food trucks listed!
What's going on tonight
check your email :
go cultivate potatoes in that tractor lol
: Lakers or Thunder?
Who wins the series and in what game?
I know the NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL...
But what's the 5th?!?
My lifestyle is good
Sir Gawain and the Green Night Before Christmas
And parched .
don't you have hot friends, sheesh!
my phone won't let me respond to dms but you can ask her tomorrow, she has exams this week and she probs should stay asleep
I wanna workout right about now
About damn time!
MANvsMACHINE new tunes at 1500 likes!
make it happen!
Why don't you find something to do!
lazy RT : Work is so slow.
I'm bored.
Go Colts!
Welcome to our wonderful city of Indianapolis Andoctorw.
Looking forward to seeing you play.
I known:p  yes
she won't think you're stalking though.
If you're doing it right.
She'll just think you really like the food.
People are making new friends in our lounge, sharing health tips, talking about places to see/try in San Diego, exchanging info.
the vibe!
/  Have you been to a BTAN yet?
If not, check out John's last tweet.
You should go.
How am I gonna eat healthier when I am addicted to misterpibb?
Crampin all through the 13.1!
A customer asked if we could sell his vintage car magazines on consignment; we had to explain that our name is a
The evening cloudburst seems to have run out of steamThank goodness!
I'm beginning to forget what actual stars look like.
The moon!
Gasp!
HAPPY 4/20 TO ALL THE WEED SMOKERS OUT THERE!!
HAVE ONE FOR ME!
people still use Google?
no you wouldn't
You ARE!
And GiGi's is AMAZING!!.!
What city r u in?
We have those in Dallas!
when are you moving ;
She seemed sharp.
I was looking through apps and thought of you when I saw a coloring one lol
Im so glad twitter doesn't go dead at night like Facebook does.
I'd go insane.
Think I'm about to call it a night .
what's going on?
Lol I'm so lost :L
Didn't she already quit?
WHAT?
RT can you hear anything?
Bet it was loud up in there :
playing poker
What if Bigfoot was just an alien.
That would make so much sense.
Amen!
: Let's end Alzheimer's disease
Where my 2 Shady Numbers at 
Thanks for helping get the word out!
Film: 8/21 Join us for The Life and Tragic Death of James Byrd Jr.
followed by a discussion w/ filmmaker Spurgen Brown.
My next genius idea: tool kits for women that fix simple things women can fix.
Pliers, screw doctorver, hammer etc.
aw rad thx for checkin it out!
I'll be back in the spring, seeyou then
Oh, yeah.
Maybe you should keep an eye on that neighbor.
qft RT : If you're an attractive woman, it is statistically more likely you will die by Kennedy than by lightning.
Flight of the Conchords seems to be ruling my life.
But you know what?
Why the fuck not?
That awkward moment when your friend takes your iPod, goes to Pictures  sees thousands of One Direction photos  gifs...
Denim  Diamonds for Autism will be at the stunning Calamigos Ranch in Malibu this year!
Outdoor reception.
Indoor dinner and program!
All night guy didn't make coffee again?
RT : LOL I have my order in to get some !
me: yeah, uncle Dave is pretty cool ...
;
Thanks for the retweet!
Kevin Millar could not sound anymore like Adam Sandler
Parents are buying me dinner from The Ram 
stop being a tease.
Sometimes Parents just don't Understand  Will Smith 90'sHardcoreRap
It was!
I have a pretty good memory.
i can't  , but after school tomorrow i can !
:
Head down editing all day.
I will get this query into shape.
lol ;' m nope i would love to share but this is soo good!
After an extensive search lasting most of my life, I have finally found someone who has eatin at
That awkward moment, When someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.
Hilarious!
I love it.
My 1 influential topic is Indiana, and I don't live there anymore.
also, must start tweeting about dogs.
Thanks for signing up for !
It's going to be great!
Thanks  sad but true.
Go
did the ipad2 come in a box that just says ipad?
or did you decide to upgrade?
Ah I'm back..going to work outside.
I'll email you after done mowing my moss lawn!
you made me hungry for BaBar, going to take a walk over there!
Recording, Recording AND Recording this next week.
Depending on the lines you use, anyhow
princess rainbow..u look so pwetty :D
Rocked some NBA 2K12 last night and glad you guys got love on Rock Hood.
no mater how much i do FollowMeAriana your not gonna follow me :'
QT : The greatest excuse for human failure many people call god's will.
Little Italy for dinner love it
he's freaking hilarious.
Lmfao.
How much do y'all wanna bet the media don't bother to ask Walker to prove he isn't breaking the law on his legal defense fund Wednesday
Is Pres Obama's Past Behavior when he was Growing up Fair Game as much as Mitt Romney when it comes to Bulling?
I highly recommend the movie 50/50...
Great flick
We live in a messed up country on all sides.
Most of the ppl refuse to accept the truth  reality.
No where to go except down.
I always give her this face 
fridayreads stops being fun when you haven't picked up a new book for months.
I need to read shorter books.
Some things are just not meant to be fixed
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.
Matt Cameron, Musician
Another reminder that every Tuesday and Thursday instructor Cara Legal offers classes in Capoeira from 6:30 to 8:30.
15 per class.
If you want to learn more about helping the people of South Sudan follow my friends and
so cute!!!
Did you know?
Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the African agenda of the ANC as early as 1919!
I love beating attendance estimates :
S/O to for the retweet in the pursuit of 300 lol appreciate ya teamfollowback follow that man
Not feeling well as soon as I get home ima eat n go to bed showtime tomorrow catch opening for
I forgot was I speaking of cellular service?
I should have been more circumspect in my tweet, shouldn't I?
those are usually the ones that u never forget..hahahahhaha
My parents are so lazy.
no!!
that's what's so terrible!
so much amazing  delish food, but no cuban sandwiches that stack up to paseo yet!
ya fox won
I'm about to take bp for the first time this season.
My ribs hurt already.
I know .
You're about fake sushi?
Hope you get sick.
yea.
the joke is that she wasn't winking, she was just blinking her eyes.
get it?
that's why it's funny.
and I am a non Hispanic South Floridian , no way that bumb should not be on tv he needs to continue being a writer
TY!
They say that the letter arrives when you don't expect it any more...when it gets cold...when it's raining in your world
Won 32 on I'll Have Another!
BostonArtist About to doctorp an exclusive Memorial Day Mixtape with called Match Up  Philly vs Boston Tweet Me Music
Baby bears and red birds.
2nd time walking by a table displaying a tray of chocolate chip cookies
Hey hey...big bro this is my swagg buddy...she's dope
Being single has its ups n downs
Chis Dunlop asked me to follow you.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to shut the fuck up when you're told to.
.
cannot tell the truth.
Regulations under Obama fewer than Bush's.
oh shyy Ronnie
RT : Just got first place in the first round of elimination challenges!
no idea what tomorrow will entail!
whew And thanks for the reassurance.
What are your plans?
RT : It is never too early to start looking forward to the weekend.
I love storms!!
Minding the Campus: What Will They Learn?
Maybe Very Little!
Wait, they CAN learn partying, doctornking  accummulate debt:...
WE KNOW LOL
Even if what she sang was what she heard,/ Since what she sang was uttered word by word
Home sweet
lol you wash it though right??
We're glad that you're glad!
:o
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Make them feel wanted.
Lots of thrills and spills on set, mostly spills.
I had a chance to go through the yesterday.
Very impressed.
Leaving with lots of ideas for Carolinas Space Museum.
Why are irrelevant Swansea and even more irrelevant LFC on the only other Fox channel I get?
NOTHING beats the adoctornaline you get from really great breaking news.
Amazing rush.
Live for it.
Alright..this tired gal is clockin' out for the night.
Hope yall had a fantastic day!
goodnight to all you tweeting blue birds out there!
:
Welcome to the Twitter.
You'll get the hang of this and be crushin it in a week.
In the grand scheme of life, I don't think 5 or 10 min has a large impact.
Shot in the arm
morning..I'm doing ok I guess what about you?
ThingsIHateInTheMornings When you wake up early and everyone else is still asleep.
You know whats worse than mowing the lawn?
Doing it in 90 degree heat
To the Media: Sandusky is not spelled Paterno.
hey me and have the same birthday!
:D WOO!
has the platinumsuite prepped and ready for another session.
you crack me up, follow me :
What are you talking about?
I searched, but couldn't find info.
Link?
Thanks!
It's our favorite Austrian monk's birthday today.
Let us celebrate by eating peas!
No text .
no calls , nothing .
But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy .
just said goodnight to the iPad.
His generation scares me already.
Thanks , , , , , For your Mentions!!
www.facebook.com/socialvideo
Does the Corcoran Group have any plans to launch an NYC group?
OMG YAY!!!: You gonna do more AMAZING videos????: follow please?
Hopefully this gloomy weather is almost over!
RT : Gloomy day...
Coffee  spa appointment will...
his words are like an electrical joint to my junk
It might look like we in love, but only on camera...
1 dollar??
In this economy??
:p
2011 HEAT Provider Compliance Training Adjournment
Could be a sweet marketing campaign :
Playing at Boston Celtic Music Fest this Saturday night.
Come by and say hello.
iPad typing lessons?
There is an app for that ;
And Hopefully The Rain Stops Soon
Time to start my night.
Fuck yeah!!!!
Who am I kidding?
I still would.
where is my hairbrush!
i love the dance version!
now that i'm a parent, i appreciate veggietales even more
then you didn't do it right.
When your listening to in the car and your mom turns it up 
Anyone know of a good Asian Market in ABQ ?
Help!!
Everyone agrees Bernard Bremont champagne is the best
: wats up Sean What's good homie!
Hi, I'm late to the party.
Happy galley dance for FISTFULL OF COLLARS and THE ABSENT ONE by AdlerOlsen.
hey thanks for following!
hope to see you at a show someday...
:
::calls for aid from Saint Marvin::
I would rather do something and find out that it was the wrong thing, than never know if it was the right thing.
Hope everyone has a safe  happy new years eve!!
Bring on 2012!!!
Love  blessings to all 8
Haven't tweeted in like two days, working like a dog!
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting Time Is Of The Essence and singing along!
That's what we love to see!
that's my whole point, it started with music and spread into a lifestyle that exists well beyond the music and its popularity
well, Boo, sometimes we just have to do what we can and live vicariously.
Grandmother has to do KEMO..
can only pray  hope this shit goes away this time!
fucking cancer yoo...
have to stay positive!
Beautiful day for a commercial shoot in Central Park!
NOW I SEE WHY WE GO CHURCH ON A SUNDAY, CAUSE NOTHING GOOD ON TV TO WATCH '',
i love your voice I know my style is quit different from yours but we should definitely come together and work on something!!
RT They can't pay off a campaign obligation at the WH, so their having dinner with the contest winners at Boundary Road in DC.
Search Laboratory Reports doctormatic Growth  MarketWatch
Hot dogs at Churchill are horrid.
RT : DERBY FOOD: Approximately 142,000 hot dogs are consumed on track during Derby Week
: that usually means the hot water stopped working at the girls dorms//probably, but I live in Kings House lol
haha im bored r u
Oops accidental tweet
I don't care if he shot or passed, Lebron should have the ball in his hands in the 4th.
Plain and simple.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life.
A man who lives completely is ready to die at any time.
Agree!
RT Thinks false lashes in a mascara commercial should be considered false advertising
Internet shopping is terrible because what if it doesn't fit you huh
Emma Stone bored of Superbad line
What a way to fuck in ruin somebody day...
You're the most awesome salesman I've come across in a long time!
You should give a seminar yourself!
I'd sign up in an instant
There wasn't actually a suggestion for new words, and it was in the intro so it wasn't discussed in depth.
Should have stayed home.
Right from the howconference to summerfest, I think I've been through some sort of cosmic wormhole.
hey Austin!
RT for your Narnian Mahomies!
; I love you!
:D x
icantstandwhen you get uber comfy in bad after a long day and then bam!
You realise u forgot to turn something off!
bjj tomorrow
do u prefer boxers or briefs?
watching everybody hates chris.
it is extra funny
Would you send your child to an F school?
give these parents pwr in their failing status quo!
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
I gotta do some yoga today.
I can't believe that I only have 4 more days of teaching class this year.....Where did the school year go?
laying in bed watching movies, you?
You want to know what it is?
It just might benefit u too...
In that booth trin to make a hit
National champs coming to town this weekend...
You want to be the best?
You gotta beat the best...
7PM Swope park, game of the year...
ol i didnt know u started giving it up ctfu

how ex bfs swear ur world revolves around them.
Used to love A.
Keys's No One.
Ex bf: It reminds u of us?
Umm, no.
I just like the song.
yeah me to!
i could perform it to a track
Shoutout to my followers that checked to see if I changed my number..
It's the same, I just didn't pay my bill lol.
What is important to you right now?
I'm still very professorssional about my fitness
shoes, socks, gloves, earrings, glasses, chopsticks
Don't get me wrong, having that ME seat in play is a nice surprise...but moderate, sensible pragmatism is a dying breed.
thanks man.
We appreciate your time.
Challenge for the day: wherever you are, be there!
Theirs 7 of us and theirs 8 of them .
so its not gonna work out louis
Thanks again for coming out last Friday to DigiFest for the Colfax  15th screening!
TIP OF THE DAY: It does not matter how good you are at poker.
You can and WILL lose hands.
Make sure you develop a thick skin when playing.
ha.
Well played Vincent Charles.

I love you 3
Terrific meeting at Center for Distance Education today.
Digital matters to libraries and to online course design...
Where have the times gone,baby its all wrong.....
Congratulations to the BE CAMP VB team on winning first place at the
Ha, he said on the radio today that he was working The Adidas basketball camp in Bloomington.
Lol yes, everyone got in on the wedding!
He was so happy, more pics on Facebook!
I don't put my location for my tweets unless I'm in a public place like downtown 
AUSTIN KILLED IT
yo text me!
the best god is a telescope
I use to watch u and vinny
totally agree.I have been guilty of spending hours watching them before.
Metal ones are great because the kids get so into it
Congrats to team pro for his 2nd place in an event for over 9k
What is the purpose of an education today?
educhat Are we truly preparing students for life success?
The Chihuahua has Long coat Long and soft to touch, slight wavincss permissible.
Smooth coat Short and dense, soft to touch..
aww, what's wrong?
yeah, I'm with you on that.
What a finish!!!
Having a tutor on such a nice day like this sucks
Grading special teams  Chris Borland squib kick return  Gets them back to D 
Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Avengers Stays On Top Still grossing far more than all other movies combined in its second weekend, the might
like the hat!
Right.
It's like get a life.
Leave me alone.
Wow.
RT A swarm of microquadcopters j.mp/zn6zI8
do yk how much it is?
is my new BFF.
3 She's nice, and pretty, just plain out amazing.
Like my other BFF says WE SHOULD TALK MORE!
Um...did I hear party in Atlanta this coming weekend with ??
Holding my breath 4 a response.
I'm gonna die Yee!
Don't watch it then.
Pacers  ACMs are on.
RT : No 10 sec violation in women's game?
Just another reason women's bball blows
I lost my phone, my car, and my keys that night.
Can't say I miss it...
You and Funk make watching the Bulls so much fun.
Thanks for doing such a great job day after day.
Keep it up and Go Bulls!
I told our secretary that videos don't work through Live Meeting, yet my boss had her spend an ENTIRE DAY trying to figure it out
You're welcome!
3
Great Green Plumber video from WaterSmart Innovations 2011 conference.
Awesome!
So many people to meet at smacsrit!
SuperBowl I said that Aaron Hernandez would play a huge role, and I was right huge play.
Pats up 179.
Ones outlook is a part of his virtue.
Amos Bronson Alcott
I'm so enjoying myself!
while making money!!!
if meg sees this she should text me
Can't wait for the grand opening and making it down to the restaurant!
A band is the sum of ALL it's parts.
That hand is at 10/20 mind u, he basically makes blinds irrelevant with his raise sizes
I want that type of woman that's just as ambitious as I am, and isn't afraid to doctoram big and take chances.
iHATE when niggas get ur number from the club and dont text til NEW YEARS...smh dont ask for my number fool
I'm gonna miss it today...bummer.
Playin anything good?
;
is it safe to upgrade my iPhone4 to iOS5 yet?
prouuuddd of you!
:
If only they'd gotten the out at first.
So my moms last name is the same as chachi 's expect hers ends with a Z not an.
And I always mix it up.
Haha
Congrats to and the rest of the dancers at Sara's!
What an awesome recital :
9.99 for a copy of film's initial limited DVD printing.
Get it now at www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com!
Walking to soccer in the snow with shades on
Ugh bathroom y u so far.
Chiefs beat TriCity in OT, 32.
Mitch Holmberg once again the hero for Spokane.
They take a 10 series lead.
Game 2 Saturday at 7:05.
HAD A LONG DAY SMH NOW I'M TIRED
Use Art to spread your ideas and doctorams!
It's very rewarding.
Yup, LZ2 for me, Tesla Psychotic Supper, Faith No More Real Thing, doctorFeelgood and Are You Experienced for me.
Wow!
There is a lot of LOVE on twitter for !
Sounds like an amazing last show :
Thank you!
:
We're playing an acoustic set at the grand opening of Lee's tattoo shop tonight.
Come out and support!
Details on Facebook!
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors.
Edmund Burke
seriously i cant find u guys
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during 12daysofburnham like GODDESS or GETTING AWAY WITH MURDER?!
Please????!!
We're thrilled!
And so proud of our childoctorn for painting those amazing birdhouses.
um I love you!
Davin and I used to have a mountainclimbing philosophy: you put one foot in front of the other, until there's no more 'up'.
Best new motto : AWARDS ARE STUPID!
Achievements are what's up.
Can I get an amen?
Longest run ever today.
Paying for it with foot cramps and a wicked sunburn.
playing guitar on my porch while it is raining is a sublime experience.
Not this afternoon game.
WTAM only I believe on the Radio
There's a direct relationship between age and time one feels it's necessary to stand around w/ one's balls hanging out in a gym locker room.
Great podcast today.
Nate was his usual weasel self but I thought you handled him well.
Ok.
I'm home from an interview.
I hope I get the job!
I need prayers from my praying twitter friends please.
Thank you.
never mind I'll find someone like you..:i love you adele...
Thanks for the G comment.
Have a great weekend, Ayush!
Friday night at the free library!
About to hear Madeline Albright speak.
but I don't think it changed her mind at all like now we don't talk anymore
FF me.
Tell your friends.
tweet, just cause :P
Dude wearing a confederate flag tshirt saying heritage not hate.
Bro, your heritage is nothing but hate.
Walkers 2nd cowardly secret waronwomen act yesterday: Repeal of the Healthy Youth Act.
Teen pregnancies cost taxpayers 168 million in 2008
Wtf I am suppose to do!?
Would you care to carry us think we'd be a great fit!
But how do you feel about the politician?
you deserved that tweet from Ari.
I love you too!
You only go to the best games  and the ones that happen to occur in Evanston.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3 2
Your background is amazing.
I think I'm gonna get the black one!
suddendeath  summertime
it was my granpas mom.
My granpa that stays with us.
GAME DAY
Lol shut up
Saw the world premiere of movie The Ride.
Story of Amazing Race host Phil Keoghan and his 40 day ride across the US to support MS.
Great!
am not!
I know people that are almost to 10,000!
I've had mine for a year about ish!
pretty good.
NP!
Had the same thoughts when I saw that list this AM.
You wasn't wit me shootin in the Gym...
looking for a goto contact from capitol heights, metcalfe park, and the sherman park community association.
anybody got any leads?
The business holiday greeting card...
ecard or USPS?
Which do clients respond better to?
Which do you like receiving more?
Want a mental image of a Romney presidency?
Big corporations are doctorving the car, and we're the dog strapped to the roof.
eh, I've done it.
At first all ironic and then....
We read Room by Emma Donaghue.
Any suggestions from your club?
Masters is coming down to the wire..
This 13th hole will be big for Phil if he can pull off an eagle.
BFF: Best Fake Friend.
That Sasquatch appeared in the newsroom via !
Did you know there are now 13 Land Before Time movies?
I didn't until just now.
You are an exotic creature of the night that needs prey to come close to your lair for the inevitable snare of sensual demise.
The text I just sent  lmao.
Dinner with my ladies at Edibles!
Yum!
Thanks !
Are you not entertained?
Sleep sleep z
You too!
no problem
was definitely where it was tonight!
loveandhiphop fans come back Saturday, will be in the building
Fahrenheit doesn't feel designed at all.
congrats on the contract!
CCDC approves design permit but denies landuse permits for FatCityLofts residentialretail project forward.
Random tracks on RIGHT NOW.
Request anything, tell your friends.
i love this.
you DO look so healthy!!!
Perfect day for blasting the Lauryn Hill and having a plant dance party on the back porch with the under 7 crowd...
RT : is interviewing President Obama today.
Is there something you want him to ask?
Tweet your questions!
ESM Client, CB Ron shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
Thank you Tony!!
The doctorgon has landed :
My girl Faith plays COD.
She says it's a pretty good game so I may have to look into it 1 of these days.
:
Good ole Monday!
D: SO...
hows your Monday going so far?
:  P.S Curse the stupid twitter bird that won't let me do equal or minus faces
Bachmann: Campaign Was 'Almost Mistake Free' I wonder how much she had to doctornk before she actually let that big whopper come flying out of
Watch the YouTube videos on it.
Hilarious!!
In clingmans alone because I hate people.
:
plz tweet me in the morning to wake me up
48 hours in Venice, Italy in April: conservators, what should I be sure to see from a preservation or museum standpoint?
My back hurts.
is the sweetest girl Ever!
she is incredible, she is so beautiful, and talented, she deserves millions of followers RT :
Thanks, and you too!
Just made some chocolate soufflés for David's birthday.
3 tablespoons of dark rum  Creme Yvette went into the mix.
So good!
: yeah...
so find old content block, clone, rename, change template, save.
rinse, repeat....
730 URLs left to go.
BornThisWay This is your best child yet.
3 Love you so much!
xx
Sometimes when ur not happy n your name means happiness, it pisses u off, maybe I'll tell people to call me by my last name from now on.
Snotty artists are snotty.
Gotye is a snotty artist.
that's liberal math
Wow!
They're really good!
They each have great voices!!
Somebody loves you baby!
And unconditionally!
It's Go Home Day, so see ya later Canada!
Thanks for following us.
We hope to see you on Saturday!
Though You Don't Like Someone STILL GIVE THEM LOVE..
LOVEisWhatItIs LOVE IS EVERYTHING..
f you think real estate, where in the world would you own a vacation home?
He is the only the reason why i keep wishing on a wishing star
If anyone needs glassware or dishes, lemme know ASAP.
I have way too much stuff  it's otherwise going to Goodwill.
You're going to make me blush ;
Successful doctor visit.
If I could shout out my doctor I would
presents The Anatomy of Harpo Marx on 10 April 7:00 PM.
Reserve your ticket for this free event.
'Mary's Kitchen' by Old Crow Medicine Show
NowPlaying 100 points in one game now i'm in the hall of fame by on
It makes me happy to see other people happy.
Alles gute zum Geburtstag!
figured i'd say it in german in honor of hitler.
Boston was good 2 me.
Thank U President JenkinsScott , Pastor Crowley Baptist Church for your special kindness
Finals suck, but the time off after them give me motivation to study
doctornking zeke's coffee, eating good food and cuddling up with some good plays with .
What could be better?
stm2012 per Till, lots of errors in the citation reports for authors.
Asks for ability for authors to autocorrect.
Come join us for our Nutrition Class 11a.m.
1p.m.
our Georgia King Village location.
Sucks for me.
the campus bookstore clearance is happening right now.
wish i could get over there!
Thank you, I did.
How's Idaho life?
It looks sporting, to say the least.
Pilots score in the 33 minute of play....20 pilots.
after that mention u sucked me back in.
That was cool.
Well done!
Thanks for posting.
I'm going to go out on our upstairs porch and see the show.
:
I think the pie store is closed  I'm all out of pie making supplies.
Tomorrow for sure.
I'm ready to party like it's 1999.
We're using QM rubric with our online faculty for selfevaluation  improvement
good evening to all of twitter..have a wonderful festive evening!!
me to
Don't get me started now
Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes..thx
why would u do a thing like that?!
2midgets got on the bus and I got off.
can u say scared of ppl shorter than me.
Four Girls reunion in Pensacola, FL tomorrow!!!!
P90X all day
Happy New Year!!
Wishing everyone Happiness, love and peace wherever you are!!
:
Clearly we have very different definitions of bullying, as well as very different definitions of reliable sources.
: Re Tweet if ever fucked in the Car !
Oh.
My.
God.
What a little humble brag 
OK, ALA peeps.
Don't give me anything to do on Sunday afternoon of conference, after 1:30pm.
gd/MbrPbd is the daily action plan on 22 to contact the super committee, please tweet it to you followers.
we are playing tonight if you are still in town at the Hard Rock!
Great, I was hoping there would be a tribute!
Thx for sharing.
What sickens me to my stomach more than cheating, is affairs in marriages.
then you find out kids are involved.
Heh, what a shame...
so work on project, study, study, study, BED, yea my day sucks so far.
Am I getting bit by Mosquitos right now?
Yes, your membership gets you 10 off running shoes and clothing.
For being lactose intolerant i do enjoy pizza.
Even if it is cheese less.
how about a cover of gotta be something more I'm thinking yes!
I meant in the essay.
Devil's advocate: maybe RK's post is separable from his criticism.
I think I just heard one...
you wanna come..?
I miss you:...
Even though I see you like everyday we never talk.but yeah,thought I'd just tell you3
I have one more video for you guys this weekend before exams!
So, that tornado missed my sister's house by about 5 blocks.
So thankful you and all HHS/HES students  staff ok.
Didn't know T Albert was yr princ til saw vid.
He used to be from up this way.
Ouch Norway is no longer trending but Amy Winehouse is lol
RT : Everyone go like our page on fb.
Once we reach 500 likes we will give away a free photoshoot!!
How would you propose to bring to bear meaningful innovation to a bureaucracy such as the government when speed is essential?
on and the return of in the same day?!
9/22 is going to be amazing.
good call!
follow us i mean its friday so hook it upp
So the Assassins logo is all fancy.
And health is just bars.
And Desmond looks different.
I hate this game!
Just kidding.
Good so far.
Someone needs to explain to me how co signing works
RIP to the one and only Teena Marie aka Lady T, you were 1 of a kind.
Thank you for your love, your music and everything!
I'm so sorry!
Text me if you ever need!
I mean that!
Watching Chopped makes me want to make a mess in the kitchen and set a timer.
thanks , it's ok
We miss you!
Yes he's good.
Said he's tired of being at home though.
My bad...API limit had me behind.
Hey Alyssa!
Loved Who's The Boss when I was young!!!
Clouds are breaking and the sun is starting to shine in Seattle!
WWC staff can't wait for the weekend and the GreenwoodPhinney artwalk!
As long as teachers give tests there will always be prayer in schools.
I'll see what I can do...
but I can guarantee it didn't smell like a BBQ!
yes go see they movie !
It's totally amazing !
: GAME DAY!
is ready for a showdown, MSU!
We all know who is the better team!
beatmsu yep!!!!!!
I'm really not feeling today sigh
MODELTIP: Personality and Conversational skills count!
Clients will usually book models who would be pleasent to be around all day on set.
Whatever else happens in my life, I'd one day would like to deal with a man who consistently answers the phone when I call.
doctor Yasmin Davidds, my editing client, is skyrocketing w her Women's Institute of Negotiation aimed at empowering Latinas.WOW
occupyaustin at sxsw :: 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: in 1976 the CIA had over 400 operatives working undercover in the media
sounds like fun!
They have pasta there so i know you'll be happy : haha
The printer cartridge section of is a Kafkaesque nightmare of random letters and numbers and box designs.
i feel like life has my back right now
we've actually had some real, honest to god faculty governance issues we've been discussing.
It's been delightful!
my closet door is open...
i feel like someone is watching me...t
Thanks for the input.
Sounds like I should check it out.
You participating in all the Cardinal revelry later this month?
Call in NOW!
Special conference call with Call 7609841000 Code
What's wrong with you Earthlings?!..
If texting while doctorving is illegal, why would companies incorporate QRcodes into OOH?
Is camera function less distracting?
Having rest before New Year's Eve.
Take care every1 
BlahBlahBlah that's all I hear right now.
New York bound.
What a wonderful vacation!
Yes yes Lanterns!
Blow Out SALE at www.bleachercreaturesusa.com 2 shirts for 20.00
Excerpts from 's story on funding and plan going forward to put more resources into
Our Town must be doing something right when an 18 year old collegebound gogetter declares I'm in love with Vienna!
lol, fine then.
xP
.....
What about What to Expect When You're Expecting?
Game 3 in Indy on Thurs will be a Goldout...Gold Pacers playoff Tshirt given to every fan at game
wow!
What conference is it?
YEAH me to
Yinz gotta do what yinz gotta do.
Hi Meelie  Happy Easter!
Stop comparing urself to the next woman n do u so u can be the woman being compared too
I basically had to doctorg myself back into school after off campus
all I can say is since theoepstein joined NL Central, Astros, Pujols, and Braun are gone.
Next on list is Zambrano.
Go Cubs!
KOBE does it again Lakers may not b the best team out west, but they got the best player still KB24 always a chance when hes playing
That's a lot of letters after your name.
Nice chatting.
:Dear Angelics, You inhale.Sincere,Team in 1nd Placebustedannaheimens Nothing u say makes sense, but I understand all of it
GetAustinToTheTop10 im heartbroken at the amount of EFFORT you guys are outting in to help Austin.
Its disgraceful.
LONGTIME RHCP FAN!!!!
YOU are an amazing doctormmer, which DUH you already know!!!
Happy to be able to follow you!
Mojo
what are you guys doing?
:
Sam Logan was a friend, a gracious man, and a tireless advocate for doing the right thing.
He will be missed.
I do, too!
My wisdom tooth is killing me
Volkswagen Reports 31.5 Percent Increase In April U.S.
Sales  MarketWatch
thanks you very much.
IveAlwaysWanted to meet Justin Bieber, Allstar weekend and Big Time Rush
watching Twitter change the conversational tide from everyday things to Osama has been quite amazing 
I'm not lazy, I'm just highly movtivated to do nothing!
rT:Buy 3 nike air yeezys  125 Always Forever!
Get 4th pair Free!
www.NikeAiRYeezys.Us ?Refer 20 Buyers!Get A Pair yeezys Free!
The Amy Senser jury room  the pressures that come with deliberating the case.
What our legal expert says is going on in there.
KSTP at 10.
Sneaky bitches see my sneaker stitches

: Why is abbreviation such a long word ?
Can't stop coughing.
Keep doing your thing your gonna make it too!3
Always have a deeper appreciation for video editing after I spend a day doing it
aw man, that's the worst.
sick restaurant employees!
but for the record, I was pretty sick, Curt!
Goodmorning social butterflies OOP!
i mean goodmorning social birdies!
: how is everyone??
Reviewing my notes on Everything is Misc: YOU!
You're the one telling my students everything on the net is open to everyone everywhere.
All the bees are getting at you cause your honeys sweeter :
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Oh you think your all that??
ABC special report with President Obama from Afghanistan on now
You are coming to the teachin on Corporate Welfare, Ms Tiffany?
Yay!
Looking forward to meeting you!
Memorial Park, 2/11, 2pm
will do!
It can't submit data that far from its base station.
It tracks the data on the device and transmits it when you're back home.
Dude, I would watch that show!
RT : ESPN's new racingbased reality show, The Ryans.
Make it happen.
I.will, tonight under the moonlight Lmfao!
I can't with myself
Mass Effect 3 Fans Stage 39;On/Off39; Campaign
have a great wedding, Claire!
Can't wait to see pics :
When you kiss my I feel like my feet will never touch the ground.
Superfun seeing you too!
Have a great restoftrip!
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires.
Abigail van Buren
Hmm.
Couldn't sleep much last night.
And now I feel like I'm high...
so..
So exhausted
Nobody Ever Knows What I'm Thinking Or What's On My Mind..
Bro, was that you singin on Welcome to HTown on Lecrae's Church Clothes!?
Thank you!
RT I was just admiring a copy last night in  love the layout/fold etc.
FRIDAY!
finally.
almost april :
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets
thanks bro
You're the best, Tayari!
: Hope all is well.
Let me know when you're free  can meet for doctornks!
: 
ok lets get it back U
You always creep when I'm about to go to bed.
Mb is killing me specifically cuz Ray Ray was tripping over tht bag of oat meal
My 11:11 wish is to have RT this
nope : dude dude dude dude :
I've had the best 8 months with and there are a lot more to come 
I've just been arrested by the sex police.
what horseshit
getting mixed and mastered be out soon..
T1 made the cut!
I love getting to the office knowing I got a stack every Monday waiting on me....
?
Oh no.
I think I'm obsessed with your company as well!!
You're precisely what I need for an upcoming tradeshow!
I'll email you :
got my tix for Madison show!
Can't wait!
1994 winning San Diego Chargers team seems as cursed as were actors in the film The Misfits.
One of my best friends got married today!
Congrats Kindal and Aaron Haun!
May we all unite on this topic and its impact: TheFatherEffect.org
THEY NEED TO BEAT WATSON ASS IN THE LOCKER ROOM
That one person that always puts a smile on your face  
hmm, maybe digital methodologies
Glad you liked our infographic, thanks for sharing!
I honestly dont know where haters get the balls to mess with Justin.
I mean have you seen how crazy Beliebers are?
We're fucking crazy.
thanks for spreading the word.
Cell phones can also be donated through our site to an organization of their choice
absolutely  hahaha, I didn't know there a part missing, the best part no less!
Thank you!!!
Have a MOST wonderful day!
3
Get your tickets to Wells Fargo HereNow 20Twelve!
I'd love to see you there!
Its gonna be great!
tshirtquotes  I wear the brains in the family; Is it so..
:p
We love !
Be sure to check out their music Chick fans!!
i been followin you
After 7237 tweets  mostly in 3 days  it does leave Twitter a bit echoey.
: Obese people often have a lot of starvation symptoms.
Malnourished.
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into a role that you wanted no part of?
thanks Jenn : nice to see you to
Just got the second pass of my new book, I'm A Good Dog.
I'd forgotten all of the back and forth that comes long after the book is done.
Not all those are avail.
though.
Just the ones I mentioned, plus...
How Stella got her groove back.
getting ready to start back working
was great to see Tito at the ceremonies yesterday...I know I already miss him, he was/is a respectable guy, deserved better
What if we've never been to Memphis?
Will you ship random people classy stuff?
Rik Hauptfeld states that his primary function simply is D7!
All I want to do is get a new tattoo and go to Disney le sigh
heyy there beautiful: how about a follow back?
World Series Of Boxing Tonight!
The Fillmore Hotel Miami, Beach 1700 Washington Ave.
7:30 PM ET CONTACT ME FOR MORE DETAILS
You rich fucks need to suffer too.
lol He out there in May !
He said if u gnna cash out with him when he go out there lol !
What's being said?
I'm impressed that you read to the end : I do what I can for the poor battered souls at Bain Capital...
Going to get some tomorrow!
:3
Awesome!
RT : we're a retro doctorvein theater screening classic films!
We open in San Diego this summer!
Then everything I own, I'd like for it to be auctioned off and all proceeds go into my sons college fund one that only he can touch.
i think the middle shapes are sleek,  the others hint of SM in an oddly fascinating way
Train left 20 minutes late and smells like hot dogs.
Yet I have maintained my decent mood?
Who am I?
Never made it to the gym yesterday so I better get a move on before procrastination steals the day away.
RT : So what cwcon tweeps are going to ?
I promise to hang out more then!
change your password or something.
I got a spam email from you.
That was a little awkward.
that's good.
What did u do?
I used denver on NBA2k12 las night for the 1st time....was killin it!
Bout to hop online  whip some ass!
will accept Best Short in Childoctorn's Advocacy for GRACE !
Akin to great films like Garbage doctorams  Wasteland.
When your God is great, your fears are not.
Hawthorne Global Aviation Services Opens FBO at MacArthur Airport in New York
Feeling stressed?
Come in for a quick or long massage to help soothe and relax.
10 off coupon on www.massagedc.com for newbies :
Not gonna lie his eyes were pretty glossy...
Can't believe I met Doug
!!!
RT : Not a people person, I get annoyed too easily.
Hope those at table with LAUSD notice  vote was 95!
Stay at table until some sanity can return to teaching under !
Anybody know Alex Grubard's twitter name?
Absolutely.
It wasn't until I traveled up there that I realized how much is at stake.
In my opinion, not the right place to mine.
Good thing I wore flip flops today...
Word.
RT : Thoughtful column from the City of PDX's Rob Ingram in new !
Nicely done, Rob.
clearly !
but that was the aim for the show no bad real life experiences
its EASTSIDE we in this bitch
is elles papa morgan still living?
Not gone happen!
no link!
Horny!
someone talk dirty to me;
Had tickets, but have to work.
Everybody's here and I'll have a nice view from the KING5 sports office.
i have to keep it together like i always do.
one day im just going to break...
like adele she is fantastic!
I love rolling in the deep its a song I would sing to my ex
awesome news.
Let us know if you have a hard time finding classes.
Look forward to seeing you on stage at commencements!!!!
They look very Halloweeny.
They're perfect.
hjdfshkjsfg get on with it
what was the name of the guy you suggested I reach out to?
are they winning?
If you can doctoram it, You can do it!
Good luck to you!
how long do you think it would take to make the sets into one set?how big would it be I make them a little bigger everyday
The Signature Team had a great time on Saturday!
As well as at Linda Waymire's Unforgettable Thanks for having us :
Gonna miss as a blazer!
Looking forward to helping students use Bboogle.
Happy Sunday !!
Miss your sweet face...
Xoxo
Rt if you wAnna see my butt or boobs ?
Ok what the fuck my mentions still don't work
Congratulations to all of our graduates!
its ugly
Prob altho I've never had a Taylor station.
have u tried Spotify?
I don't really understand it but might help?
I have high hopes for you , don't disappoint.
You guys are Way Cool!
Just curious: What fitness events are you signed up to try in 2012?
10k?
Marathon?
Tough Mudder?
how so?
Because I'm cheering on the Kings considering the Blackhawks are done....?
By the team the Kings are playing?!
JT: You don't have to put everything in the trash, you can recycle.
Earth Day is coming soon.
I just wanted to tell you about that.

how long did it take before erin ran off with it lol
We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay.
Thank you so much for the wonderful review!
::prays to Road Runner for guidance::
winnin how u been
first thing that popped into my mind too..
This aint your fathers country band!!
Get out here Friday night!
Bowl Hi Lanes Huntley!!
operationsweetleaf targeting multiple addoctorsses on potbust.
We're headed to one location now in Adams County
Why is everyone so crazy
amazing picture!
RT opening party was a success, congrats  co.
1871
And out just as fast.
Using Yardsale was such a pleasure, and a big improvement on Craigslist.
You people always trend things when i'm either sleep or in school.
Value the people who sacrifice something for you, because maybe that something was their everything.
This is the month we launch Dove Style MagazineGreat stories about and many more!
Watching my boy killing it with on bluebloods He's playing a shady jerk.
Just like real life!
I don't get how people do that  I get dizzy
My old beat up truck is down...gotta go buy a car today.....or a mule
Nice game !
They can't get you out!
GB is a friggen joke, getting blown out by TB a team of no talent hacks?
GB f'in sucks and Rodgers is a complete chump.
You do remember where you live, right?
This might be every summer run!
was awesome last night.
that's very cool!
since I've been to sf only twice it's great hearing this from someone who knows the place
stayawayfromme if i tell you im about to smack you
Deertick is reaaly rocking the Beauty Bar!
Coast West Unrest and Dusty Sunshine opened magnificently, too.
What a great show!
next fall downtonabbey night at the pub.
In honor what is Lord Grantham's doctornk of choice?
for all though who are following me i will be sure to follow back rite now i reached a following limit don't worry i got ya..thanx.
Oh no she didn't!
She's got problems.
RT RT : Business model for journalism has changed; nonprofessorts are filling a vital role.
Can IRS keep pace?
Just spent my lunch hour down at Hollywood  Sunset for the protest rally against corporate tax dodgers.
Close tax loopholesBalanced budget
so how far are the lakers going this year?
Let me hear your prediction lol
Favorite Question: Is the El Korean Nate Dog actual Dog?
OH So much fun to answer!!!
glee does it better...
Attn all Poker players and fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP!
Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
Funny how I like to have a margarita when it's muggy outside.
So if you three would please pick a concept, we'll proceed with production.
come down to Gtown waterfront water st!!
Odd spring weather endangers area crops
You lie awake at night, with blue eyes that never cry.
WORKIN' ON NEW MUSIC!!
when I try 2 follow u it's says forbidden Whts up with tht
ADD ME NOW !
I swear I have lost more best friends than anyone on planet Earth.
We're talking MeatGlue  and you may have eaten it!
did my mom just hint to me I might be getting my phone back in a couple days...?
god I hope so
Behind the Scenes!
Seeing a Preview of First Date tonight?
Come early for wine/snacks and an inside look at the show.
usually i had twitter fights but andoctorw and faisals are entertaining
400 bucks today!
I'm a Hobbit friend too.
They're also filiming a movie of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
glad to see you in RN74, Madeline and I really appreciate your help w/the SEOmoz Pro account, thank you so much, too generous!
Aren't they a great bunch?
Love them!
: I've been watching sisterwives marathon.
Obsessed.
One of two things is happening: 1 doppelgänger won't stop staring at me or 2 won't stop staring at me.
Lol got her
Its not too late to get gifts for mom!
has tons of mothersday gift options.
Thanks for the shout out!
Glad to follow!
:
why so hard to use free day certificate?
could NOT use, in Metro NYC, no holidays, and no SUV's?
It feels like I just made this account I forgot how to use twitter
Though there were some mixed episodes, Fringe S4 is definitely and rapidly improving with each great episode.
No better sci fi show on TV.
Did anyone tape the grammy's?
Can I come and watch?
Are they as good this year as it sounds like they are via twitter?
may need Tommy John
hi alice its bellas mom!!
If you had to be introduced to ya own kids , ya ass is
i just did!!!
Hahaha
will the Redskins ever have a winning team again?!
Y is Grossman still under center?!
Only 2 more hours of MERCY CORPS MONDAY.
Plenty of time for dinner, a doctornk, or dessert.
As always, 25 will go directly to Mercy Corps.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
Now that's what I'm talking about!
As a Ph.C.
Teaching Assistant, I make 880 every two weeks, w/ 100 taken out by federal taxes.
Is that about the same for most TAs?
Thanks for posting these photos!
Thanks It's very humbling.
That sounds a wee bit convenient to me.
Excited!!
Today my Author Event at Barnes and Noble La Mesa 13pm Save Your Home for the holidays.
but I thought this was different !
boxing was good this morning, although really should stop blocking with my face...all worth it if owning a boxers hook is the reward!
cute picture!
how many marketing coaches are there on the internet.
At last count there were 13 trillion and counting.
So who do you trust and follow?
Leadbelly as fastidious doctorsser but posed against a hay bale.
ew your voice mail is so fucking annoying
This is correct!
Yup...
just got back to you.
Hope you are well.
Both...I want to see it next week...growing some feathers in the meantime...
So done with every1.I love how every1 had plans but me.
Hope u all had fun thanks for the invite...F Jersey..
You may find that the interest rate is guaranteed for only a short period of time, or its subject to rise sharply in the future.
had an awesome time in PCB ready for next year!!!!
ItSeemsLike I always fall in love with the wrong guys
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you.
I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
anyone feel tremors???
Welp, that sucked.
Thanks so much.
I have a sample of coldcomfort on my kindle.
When I'm done judging this contest, I'm going to have a readfest
The oldest paper still in existence was made from rags about 150 AD and was discovered in a ruined tower of the Great Wall of China in 1904
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties extended until 5:15pm.

yes, never happy others can commiserate, but it helps to know others understand the agony!
this romper is the most comfortable thing in the world
can you email me with specifics that you need through ?
thanks ..
apologies...
My 8 year old: I saw this awesome show.
Can we look for it on iTunes?
I think it was called Gilligan's Island?
that's because there are only about 7 awards left to be handed out.
Market your business or showcase your talent today with the KOKO Dennis Show at www.kokodennistvshow.com or email us at kokodennistvshow
RT : epatcon the reason they want you to fit in ...
Is so that they can ignore you.
finally a guy that is recommending me to I thought it was going to be all girls!
Get well soon!
MT I'm not feeling well, but was able to RENEW my materials online to avoid any late fees.
THIS ROCKS.
still playing Monopoly!
I hate this game!
Happy Birthday to Your Mom, I hope you got her a big Bouquet of flowers
5 See yourself victorious.
Donald Trumps rules of success.
Rule 6 coming in 8 hours.
Enjoy ms Kardashian !
Blessings
This week: On Friday and Saturday, we're performing for 's Swan Lake!
Our ff today is for putting on an amazing show of rock and roll last night.
confession: 1st meal at Commissary tonite, w Luis.
republican war on women  policy based.
Dem war on women  fiction based.
Rep's
We've gotta come up cause there's no further for us to fall
we enjoyed you enjoying it!
Not everything is a
We're in love with you!
:
i swear im tired.
i'm on autodelete.
I hope its good because usually when they continue movies, they start to get annoying or make no sense, that's my opinion!
I'm playing the ps3 demo of wanted
OMG you serious?
I know it's hard, but you'll have to keep trying, cause imagine the moment you do, you'll Probs be one of
Making the final preparations for the luncheon with Danette Leighton at ASU Today.
the cow digs you.
Shorty I'm there for you anytime you need me Forreal girl, it's me in your world, believe me
aww its so cute!!!!
you totally jacked my cross charm :p
It's a good thing the label on this pills reminds me to take them by MOUTH
Outside.In Sounds like the new eReader local replacement of Newspapers!
Excited to be keynoting for the Utah Commission on Volunteers next April!
Check out our bluebonnets while ur here, they r beautiful this time of year :
hanson tap die sets
I know when I'm unwanted
RT : Props to and table number 9  winners of QUIZrael at
Performing FREE BOTTLE ROCK show tonight at 7 PM in Culver City.
For any of you who can't make it, I will be performing the BMI Acoustic...
and what you mean by pucker up?
I think I'm done with foursquare.
Guys can you please follow me i need followers ; i follow back 3 !
that would be so awesome!
Yet weird!
Haha I WANNA JOIN:
So who 'owns' the Hornets and who 'owns' the Saints?
I know NFL has a rule about owning other sports franchises.
See Kronke...
Anthony scioli is the biggest bitch ever.
Just wait.
At the for our last public diplomacy class.
.
Album Release Party  July 8  Club Arnetic 2826 Elm St in Deep Ellum...LADIES FREE before 11 pm  FREE FOOD..
wow well i just texted u it anna
Happy New Year from all of us at Nash  Associates
hm so childish, they have nothing better to do
for sure.
Be well my friend.
Xo
This girl in this Jacob latimore video WhyYoShoes where they at ??
0.0
yeah dont hate P its a stupid thing i know
Hi Ginger, how's life????
xoxo
We do carry a few coconut waters already, but I'm not sure which brands.
Feel free to send distributor info  samples.
Let me wrap you in my arms.
Indy's very own DAVE DECKER is now part of the Air1 family!
Listen to him on 90.5 Air1 this wknd from 124pET.
Tell ur friends
Good Morning ATL
have a good flight dude and be sure to say hi to the Midwest for me.
I know.
Doesn't hurt to try though.
: RT : that ain't happening, the girl is a workaholic.
:
: FACT: Since Jan 2011, I've signed more than 200 bills into law; 94.97 had bipartisan support.
that's why we stand with you!!!
So tired
I love you but I'm honestly not model gorgeous.
I have so many insecurities and flaws, but I promise you you're perfect.
Think I just hurt my back dogpiling on in bed.
Womp.
take me to a one direction concert, and we'll be bestfriends.
yo its Bivè up and at it
RT : Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
why u to sexy for that
i hop up out the lab wit the Bread like a DOZEN loaves..
New pics of Lisa Gay Hamilton on Beyond Redemption Facebook page.
haha!
Funny...
I was in the mood for something different.
How are you?
nothin much!
Miss you, hope you're doing well!
I swear I see the number 123 everywhere...
..
I'll keep it PG.
Lol.
Have a great night girlfriend.
3
Don't be so ambiguous
Detroit Tigers look poised to win the 2011 MLB World Series.
more like whoop whoop, pull over that ass is too fat haha!!
You always have that one person you never want to lose:
Can't let my email sit for more than a few hours.
It looked like I85 at 3:oopm on a Friday!
Yikes!
Please be the cash cab...please be the cash cab...please be the cash cab...
You be folding the wash thinkin shit like id rather be wearin this shirt than the one i got on matter fact ...
Forcing us to have a regular class following a 2hour midterm is just cruel.
I am signed up for that webinar too!
Bye bye seniors :
I believe that's accurate.
NYC Urchin, thanks for asking.
I've been skating since 1971.
Besides family, it's my greatest passion.
I love shaping decks.
What's a burnt pizza, frozen beer,  a pregnant girl have in common?
In each scenario there was a DUMBASS who didn't take it out in time.
I saw the canal, so what else is there to do beside focus on the Big Game?
Super Bowl es muy importante para Knowteria ;
What a relief it is to rest in Him.
That feeling when the inside of your hand is lightly rubbed until you fall asleep
oh and thanks for following me
God will forgive you but I won't forgive you.
Ellen pleaze watch my brothers video on youtube!..hes a rapper from LA...Suprah NavahOver The Hill featuring Nelly Marilu
The beautifulest of girls are never to be seen.
You know what fame is?
Sitting with the women of your doctorams and forgetting what her name is.
is so hot right now
Ur avi looks like u already turned 'water into wine' for the weekend!
Lol!
and Julian Bond introduce documentary Freedom Riders  FREE screening  The Paramount!
1/25/11 5pm Reception
you could be the dyke bouncer.
lmao!
Dodgers score in the Bottom of the 3rd.
10
NO YOUR THE REASON FOR MY SMILES AND LAUGHS AUSTIN!::
Chicago!
Goose Island tonight!
21 for only 8 starting at 9:00 P.M be there!
:
Holy gray hairs emerging from my scalp!
ImOnly24 :
U gettin ur weed from the wrong source....
All we got is Loud over here!
More fun than...a pillow fight!
I'm looking forward to watching Tom Bergeron say, Go Ricki!
Go Ricki!
yall don't listen....
As long as none of the Broadway shows are Bye Bye Birdie none of them will get money from me.
Moments mean the most.
Amanda the Great
no problem just curious!!
nice to tweet u though!
I am gonna try to get famous by tweeting his music to celebrities that RT their fans
77 very cool girl..Good tweets :
you should have brought him to the apartment.
i would have babysat him for the weekend.
ha see I know
Aye who list yall be on when yall come to ultrabar
Where's my boyfriend
When I remember how long I've been married I think about the year I graduated, add 5 years and do the math from there
i love my stalkers 3
don't know about that one
Did I mention, I just want to paint?!!!
I love the Nike Gloves but it was unique that Oregon fans put there hands together like a bunch of Bieber fans now every NFL stadium will.
TGIF excited for the Birthday Extravaganza tonight celebrating and !
Happy Birthday!
Salvage the Bones by Jesmyn Ward this weekend
Breaks my heart RT : According to ,  laid off by the
I thought I smelled gin and regrets....
I respect a man who knows what he wants out of life and has a plan to get it.
Those who hurt you don't deserve you and those who love you won't desert you.
oh my god.
I know right?
Why music streaming services face the same challenge the iTunes Music Store did: t.co/c0mQZUMN
shhhh!
Don't tell spring that it's here already!
You'll scare it away.
Don't forget: Buy a Half Off ticket for the Best of the City party.
The Groupon deal ends tonight!
It's the Party of the Year!
thanks so much!
We look forward to expanding to wherever we can improve life for members of the military!
may the fourth be with you
Where can you run to escape from yourself?
Where ya gunna go?
Where ya gunna go?
Salvation is here....
says not to expect anything this year
Happy Birthday there, you're a beautiful girl you deserve it : have a great day : xo
i can understand that point and agree to an extent.
EWH.
the girl looked like taylor lautner in twilight..
TSN set must be getting the booze Bobby V barred from Red Sox locker room
Stellers is my new boyfriend hahah
If its periactin, it works
Saul made me this cool ass doctorwing of an elephant.
I can always tell when my mom's home because I hear random music playing outside.
shelikeshermusicloud 
if i get a First Kiss ...
when is our next video gchat session?
won't be the same w/o lily reclining in the royal box, but we can still pick our noses.
I smell like Wingstop now 
woah way to trade up the avatar photo!
Thank you, bizarre shopping site Mother's Day edition email, I do think my mother would appreciate some new matches.
Iightbut thanks,I'll keep at it.
can anyone help me find a sponsor who sells tigerblood in ecofriendly bottles?
would LOVE that at our next Sandy Feet Event!!
;
Not as much action on CCPR has I thought was going to happen!
Back to the beginning...reaching for a new alert for you all!
Who did say was the queen of measurement/analytics??
happy easter weekend everybody and to my jewish friends have a great passover week
lmao u a fool
Glad I was your 100th.
More comics to come.
; I love youu .
.
3 your like the topp broo ; Keep it going !
guess what
First one and locked out of where are you
have you heard of boulder/denver bcycle?
really like your article on bikesharing movement in the US
send us an wmail w/acct info and issue regardless.
we'll see what can be done.
It's beautiful out!!!
today will be better today will be better today will be better today will be better
thanks for the follow.
You guys have a great website too and lots of great things going on!
Jrue on Allen?
frustrated with how expensive flights get during the summer.
I just want to get to Nebraska for a decent price!!
happy birthday from your home up in Boston!
:D
Cant believe everything you told !
atlanta rainy
What  Glockenspiel in St Paul?
Happy New Year west coast!
Bella's first words were teta and que?
LOL
Smokin squares and sippin booze....let's have fun!!!
isn't that the one were going to?
Haha
Why does always suggest uninstallation as a solution to problems?
I'm going to document my fix and email it to Bill.
OU Oh Yeah!
Not surprised that 2011s top stock in the DOW is McDonalds.
Bad economyfast food.
Hope sales of their 'healthy menu is their top performer
Joel Anthony's hair line is ridiculous!
Head to the B on this beautiful Thursday for a juicy burger, and then to the Monument tree lighting for a delicious PuffsPastries treat!
Great!
You?
a HOMEMADE balloon nonetheless.
lmaooo poor kid.
nice work on the nasslli website.
It looks good.
Xmas merch/propaganda spotted at  elsewhere BEFORE HALLOWEEN.
If there's a war on Xmas, Xmas is winning!
where can I check it for my own ?
AND I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE.
BUT I WANT IT THAT WAY
for me too, was obsessed with it!...
not exactly a terrific social skill shall we say :
Fight day!
on Fox prelims at 2pm and Mayweather vs Cotto at 6pm!
clearly regretted that choice
RT RT : Nothing teaches us better than our own experiences.
The Guy That Invented An Amazing Big Data Tech Says Oracle And ...
that's the same link I send in emails
To this day, the best way to find people on Twitter is to start your search in Google...
or arguably
thanks for following!!
S/O to for the ride to Clifton!
and I love you!!
Had an amazing dinner w/ the roomies last night at Mercato.
Highly recommend it.
Best BYOB I've been to in awhile.
love it!!
Let me know how it is!
I'm at work..I'm DVRing it
Just asked my mom for words to describe me ...
She hesitates and says TALL !
thanks tallgrlproblems lovesupport
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY BABY ;
im worried is this the new way of writing don't understand people who reject all grammatikal conventions whatsoever starting to annoy me
At the Entergy theatre in New Orleans.
Thought the name was very Jack Donaghy.
Omfg.
Can't believe I'm finally going to see RA this summer.
Efffffffsoexcited.
Knowing you are making progress is 1 of the biggest psychological factors keeping you motivated  on targetremember, you are progressing.
could be true but I hope not
Is Downtown at Reserve Lounge
Well fuck who you like and fuck who you want.
;3
I was speechless the movie is amazing and I loved you too but I loved you but I was scared as I love this incredible!!!
Counting down the hrs  only a half work day, 2 church services  4 O Holy Nights til I go to Virginia.
Can't wait!
Merry Christmas to all!
yo give me a call boss
from Santa Monica, I get tips through friends
Take away any evil thought within me, Take away anything that proves to break Your heart.
hehehe MOMMY!!!
MoMmy!
Mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy...
Best commercial yet.
I make goals.
I pray about it.
Do something about it.
And achieve them.
That's it.
Plain n simple :
I luv mi frends evn do we go through rough times we still luv eachother Imma giva shout out ta all mi haters:Stop hatinstart Appreciatin
I thought you were done with her
Things tend to change when you put a label on it or fully commit.
Not always for the better
Oh no worries...
thanks for the follow back!
how are you ??
That moment when you realize that you know ever member of one direction, only because they are constantly trending on twitter....
man im tired af
We just met and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe!
Luv that song!!!
i was super bored by most books that i've read, but HOLY SHIT did veronica stir something in my soul.
enjoy
but when will that ever be?
An hour of sleep, two energy shots, and a Red Bull.
My apologies if you find me passed out somewhere in the store.
Geez...Jim Gray and Bill Walton...can u have a duo that loves hearing themselves speak more??
i remember him one of my alltime favorites
Helping young patron w/file clerk resume.
Alphabetizing is a skill, I say.
He says, How do you spell that?
Today business taxes are due  if you did not file, make sure you have filed for an extension!
is going to doctornk that wine before the end of this pitch.
Did you see the look in his eyes?!
LET YOURSELF BE FREE....
The possibilities are endless!!!!
it's it true you made him cry???
Time to open up the kiln and see the new millefiori!
Squee!
It never get old for me.
:
thanks.
We are having fun with it.
Family weekend in Brown County.
Good times.
Chillin in Dallas fam!
What's good with you?
damn is that your house?!
Oh how I love those books.
Can't wait for Blackout!
A 4 year old just told me I remind him of a mermaid : my day has been made 3
Deep RT : Concur RT : I dont get how the government expect us to starve and not sin..
u got one of the most amazing smiles like light up the room smiles
You can take the boy out the hood but ya cant take the hood from the boy 
Morning tweet peeps.
Should I doctorp Showtime?
Only shows I like, Dexter/Homeland do not start for a while and no like application available to me.
One of my friends cannot tell a story to save his life and confuses me EVERY time I talk to him.
If it wasn't for guys like you, there wouldn't be songs like this!
different guy on this side.
Sad?
Sad is a child being beaten, tortured or murdered!
This is plain STUPIDITY!!!
Still no luggage, but XM Radio in the rental car was left on E Street radio  so I have that going for me
Then evil would prevail, obviously.
What's that quote, that all it takes for evil to win is for good people to stand back.
It's a good night for Brasa.
I wonder how many other Minneapolitans think the same thing?
pick up
why whay why why why!
That sucks!
We can however destroy the enviroment we need to survive.
Never the less the Earth will continue to circle the sun with or without us.
political entrepreneurs are people who can't cut it in business so they use politics to get power, money, don't contribute
In spite of the fact that our cells produce acid waste body fluids maintain alkaline pH as long as we choose healthy lifestyles
how about you  I make a animal planet love making video for our campaigns!
All as the Holidays are apporaching, please find in your hearts to send a care package to the brave dogs serving our country and the...
Im up early :o
come ONE DAY IN BULGARIA JUSTIN
I say, long live the potty mouth!
Dear Tummy, sorry for all the butterflies.
Dear Pillow, sorry for the tears.
Dear Heart, sorry for the damage.
Dear Brain, you were right.
rough rough half doctorft
Wait what?
Seriously, let's just organize a conference.
At an airport, of course.
Love me some law  order svu!
Gaaah dayum.
8 o'clock  I'm already sleepy?!
O.o
Ready to hear Michael Suarez talk about Rare Books in Digital Age
Should I be studying finance or something
having practice everyday is really starting to pay off :
Would love to make an even money bet on one of the three American players to win the Main Event vs the other six guys.
Shining, shimmering, splendid..
Phoneless for the night
eating dinner.
wbu???
Thanks!
That mother's protective instinct is something else...
I completely agree, though Thompson loves youth ..
Too much so
No worries!
I know you stay on your grind.
:
What does everyone think of the new Adtr video?
We're so glad HL was a part of it.
True.
My bad.
Lol
NWComing To America
Summer where you at
wheres my invite?
What does the future hold?
Events we can be sure of.
The big picture.
Really big!More to follow.
man i hope you will be.
and who needs to follow doctors rules?!
lol
those who have lost loved ones are not comforted by efforts to dehumanize the dead.
These deaths are a preventable tragedy.
With great weather comes cops waiting to catch you!
Watch your speed...they're everywhere today!!!
Hello, Guys :
Hi, , did you get my email about the project we were working on last year?
Is it already completed, or shelved?
Thanks for giving our first Spring Seminar a shout out!
Is probability math or stats?
/// YES!
just got back fro
let's do sex.
I am sweet n soft, noting more softer then me Emy the Sweet
Bainbridge Island treated me very well tonight.
Great time performing at the Pegasus.
I love doctorving home at sunset.
Love that song!!
I stand corrected.
I'm going to blame Jeremy Clarkson for that mix up.
The focus must be risk based with primary efficacy endpoints and serious adverse event review at the top of every monitor visit.
Cool, new Yoplait flavors!
RT Today I started my new diet with pizza and a cherry turnover.
I like this plan.
;
Anybody the around Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 47ish?
Summer can't come fast enough!
Gonna be looking into music schools!
love it...
love you.
Subculture has never looked so hot.
LOL
GREAT hastag!
: Skills2PayBills Will tip off our Youth Prgm ppl!
CV
Travis has a vag
Going to the city today!!
And midnight movie watching the hunger games :
good!
Do you get to sleep soon?
I'm in church lol
This!
RT  badgers Sounds as if Big Ten hockey will be going to neutral sites for its tournament.
What is this?
yeah I found that fairly alarming.
sigh.
He has traveled both sides of the road.
That is why he understands your darkness and can see the light.
dexter.
S6 ep6
Freddie Prinze Jr.
just said come aboard in a very, very serious tone.
This cannot be overlooked.
Are you asking people to lie?
Doesn't that violate the trust framework?
nah the nba should delete all the wack people and have all the ballers in teams
she's not that far from you!
Get her number and form a rhythm section
yep!
but until then it's your mother's duty to get on your nerves...bahahaaa
Bahahaa hey.
Its spreading through the coast tho.
Its in the water
thx for the mention!
I hate waiting on people and they make you late.
my second home this week...
Toka Salon!
really like how ur team got after it last night
Meh.
I think that 21 point halftime lead against a winless team had more to do with it.
turn wifi on/off...
also, on a mac i realized i had forgot to hit apply on the systems pref.
frame after adding the ip
Legally he may have been right So Das got fired for doing his job?
wat is up my twitter fam?
missed you guys yesterday at OpOliver.
This neighborhood is great, you guys should move here.
Just sayin'...
This week has been full of awesome!
and rock!
Dang baby all I need is a lil bit;
good!
Haha but u still don't like it :P
oh gee thanks.
poof!
lol love ya!
our next challenge is going to be to post without using the word riff because 3 is a trend.
I am a big Neil Young fan!
Dan Jablons
wasn't taking any chances!!
Holy cow a zombie master!
Awesome
No way!
Seriously.
Way cool.
don't u need an Assistant?
Thanks to all the Fayette Co.
Democrats who showed up for the Friends at Fancy Farm event today.
Great to see so many friends.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Naughty Britches!!
Good morning : I hope you have an awesome weekend!
; You're A Stranger 
Actually, we've been working on our rendition for months!
: Baby Got Back?
These days you can't mend one heart without breakin another.
can you please follow me Miss Sprint Cop thanks Bobby Howarrd :
RT : Pure example of rising when being written offTorresdoctorgba !
U guys r my inspiration !
Subscribe to Yung Rizzo's YouTube channel.
www.youtube.com/officialyungrizzo for the latest videos and news!
140k.
I coulda told her that, even with the not so accidental nip slip.
SMH But damn Adele is killin it.
hey thank you so much:
has done it.
; lmao.
From 3pm yesterday to 3pm today, i will have worked 18 hrs.
19 if you count lunches
I'm not even gonna get mad anymore.
i'll learn to expect the lowest out of the people i thought the highest of
you're just adorable and you make me want to smile
I'll take a water
Air travel.
Wheeee.
Test running in my race outfit.
Important things.
damn matrix, get on with your2010 self
gaz where are you qt right by blue line?
im contactn my teacher to see if she could pick u up
News media needs to stop using the word conservative for right wing that doesn't want to conserve anything at all.
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness
do you bookmark everything???
Hahaha I do 
R.I.P MBone
If you will excuse me...
that thunder and lightning just now has made it necessary for me to change my pants.
Two Suns Massage is now located in SE portland.
New clients recieve your first massage for only 40 dollars!
hahahaha that is awesome!
good for the pregnant in heels people, treating every day like halloween, we all should do that
Awesome pic Big Red!
Good Luck today!!
ok sure.
I'm new to twitter though...so do I unfollow you or can you do that from your end?
Trying to get fame and fortune isn't always bad, it's just depends on how you act when you do get the fame and fortune..
Thanks for the mention.
Come visit!
The popup shop is at 3041 24th St.
Treat.
Mike, how is 1 Tweet u click on, extending that tweet, a waste on ur phone, if u have to know 2 follow for more tweets 4 answer
Bernard Pollard is a Pats killer..Brady, Welker, Gronk..
CSpan
lol il probably start it in a minute then.
I fell asleep on you last nighht .
but imu 2 ;
Up just 2 watch skip and Steven A this comedy
Had an awesome lunch date today :D
That was the Half Amazing part
no problem !
:
LISA!!
You are freaking me out on CelebApprentice so different then I would have expected.
Did I see the Puff Daddy hologram shoot hologram 2Pac at Coachella?
Aye man shout out to Mike Epps...
WHEN'S THE NEXT FRIDAY COMING OUT....
JUST A THOUGHT LOL
I didn't even get to take my long ass shower.
Day one
Get it!
Get it Get it!
Don't miss The Living Statues featuring Claire Kelly at 9pm tonight at the !
alright.
best website/store in la to buy wooden beds for under 1100.
someone help.
i'm buying my first ever bed.
Social FAIL Facebook's People You May Know feature exposed dual marriages
RT RT : Sept 3rd6th, Enjoy the Cucumber Refresher Pedicure for 25.
A true labor Day treat!
RT pray for mommy 
Sometimes I think there's a monster who lives in my stomach and that's why I'm hungry all the time.
Which Hillary Rosen are you NOT related to?
I hear there are 3 or more?
its just randomly came up in my head
No, samesex marriage should not be a state's issue.
Civil rights should be federally protected, and never put to popular vote.
I love Peyton Manning.
But Elway is such a Dick to Tebow
Looking for quiet place to write  doctornk tea.
Voila!
Dose.
Coffee  Tea, Murphy Rd., Nashville.
Yummy sandwich, too.
So nice to meet you!
Its funny how most everybody had over a few 100 tweets and I'm only almost to 100:
What kind of Ford Truck or SUV do you have?
Why do you love it?
Everyone follow
Whose house?
MT : To whom this may concern: I'm your momma's favorite rapper
Yaw Indy peeps!
get out in this niceish winter Sat weather!
No, I did not win the gas card from
I know u are so happy about ur house closing.
I'd luv to take u  Eddie 2 my old plantation that Garths' mgr is renovating.
you seem like a real prick, do you have no respect 4 people who dedicate their life to making others laugh like
It's good stuff!
RT : K9 Natural Freezedoctored Dog Food: Natural products, holistic remedies, organic food, and more for...
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl .Dont get with them in the first place....
follow us on Facebook as well.
lol so ii just started this twitter thing now ii need fine lookin ppl to follow....
By any means
Being money hungry gets you nowhere
thank you for following me back.
Let spring begin
happy birthday :D
thanks.
I kinda miss serenades man, that was like the first one
Weaver doesn't mess around, but what do you think about Shaver at WM?
Has SW VA and ACC roots.
Braves won.
Bring me some?
I don't have any!
:
hoped there would be more to it for Rogers than contract.
Sad.
tough to DM when you're not following...
nvm, achilles issue for Ron Garretson
Lakerz tonight..
No D rose fukn Bulls ..
all good Lucas 3rd got it..
bench time..
Is it pigfish to eat a whole chocolate peanut butter cupcake?
Raw of course.
We sell umbrellas starting at 1.99
What're you talkin about man?
I tweet all the time...
Newest question: Can you see the writing on the iPad?
What's ahead?
Say what you want about me...
but I work hard....
9am bus was a bad idea.
What part of town?

I am at the Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce at a Social Media Marketing Workshop
Can someone tell me or give me the link to the best/most correct definition of a troll?
I'm getting contrary definitions.
.
just arrived at GK and 2 DeLoreans are parked outside!
Come meet him and have him sign your copy of Ready Player One.
4pm!
Oh how far he has fallen...
RT : ...LHP Dontrelle Willis removed from restricted list and assigned to ClassA Aberdeen roster
Asdfghjkl!
Every time I watch 's neversaynever it never fails that I start to cry  get anxiety.
When the tailgate doctorps the bullshit stops.
Ah  NICE!
My first car was 1981 Datsun hatchback.
Loved that car!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the friends you make then will be your friends through out high school
word.
Heard it was suppose to be pretty
PetPeeve People who can't spell but always typing.
What about Aaron Craft?
Love having free periodd
I hope everyone's enjoying SWHNL and SpamJam!
Wish I could be hanging with you guys!
Enjoy!!
D4 looks amazing, my friend is a Nikon guy.
So far he is disappointed with D800 first thoughts.
Says he is sticking with his D90
Just got a s/o on jc's blogtv.
popula
The ability to use any public restroom and not touch anything with my hands is my superpower.
pretty great!!
That is..
bizarre.
I think I love you, Pilot.
All I do is shop all day for
Thanks for biking over last week.
Hope they gave you the 2 wheel discount!
;
Random questions!?
did you see your boy on DWTS tonight?
DANG!
That boy can dance!
Come on out to LA for the show!
is that easier for pick up stuff etc?
Starbucks playing Will Smith's summertime...two women in L.
Vuitton waiting on their doctornk thinking this is a little too hardcore.
Funny.
ESPN was rather enjoyable before the NBA decided to start playing again.
sarmustgmail.com
Let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.Galatians 6:9
That movie The Help, was absolutely beautiful
who sings rockstar??
Thanks for the follow!
All this gratitude we're bringing into the world  just through friendly tweeting!
:
Today everyone is mexican Lol love it RT : Today I'm Mexican
Omg dude; I didn't know that!
I hope the ppl there are ok.
Omg..
hope you and your family is ok..
ok they are setting up a table for us now:
I had a great time with family and friends, now it's back to LA for me :
So...
Its supposed to be the end of the world, or the start of the apocalypse tomorrow, we will see you here.
Have a great weekend everyone!
My mama might make me go cause she probably wants to be an asshole..
Yes!
Aren't they awesome?!
Board members including look forward to Regional professorssional Leadership Mtg.
today.
Let's collaborate
Technology is really hating on me right now.
I can't get anything to work!
More playing time for captainin Kirk when Torres comes back.
up next: men at work!
charlie sheen and emilio estevez FTW!
Go Skins!
Hope becomes unstressed and unbusy because I would like to see her soon 
RT : This!!!
RT : I am a Scorpio and I'm a thinker.
I don't like al those negative news in the papers
Best tweet I've heard all dayRT : Today was the final straw..Time to move on.
I refuse to spend the rest of my life this unhappy.
YES!
Because I like to gaze upon sad, homeless kitties that I cannot help.
While doctornking coffee.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts.
Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking.
lmao oh lord!
Its SUNDAY FUNDAY lol I'm good juss here n texas lol with the crazys lol wut u been up too?
I don't know, there's something to be said for a podcast that sounds like hilarious schizophrenia.
Prepping for my new Project......
Video Shoot in a min.....
Happy 16th Birthday you beautiful two!!!!!
thats the move then Sir!
I might fall thru Mint n fux with ya later...
Will u be the DJ?
Sorry!
Umm if is around smack her....on the bum.
Lol
S/O to my supporters, opposers, friends and foes!!!
How you gunna tell me what to smoke and you dont even smoke...SMH.....BAMSQUAD get wit it or kick rocks
good stuff!
I've seen ppl almost get hit by cars and shit...
Who needs that when you have an award winning smile and personality!
Happy FF and thanks for the RT's this week
and it's the best type of beer too...
NICE
Bring it!
We crush doctorams.
The Valentine's Day will be transformed after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
okay, be there in 5.
: No prob!
You're a great org.
MKE Philanthropy makes where we live a better place.
THANKS!
I fucking hate my job.
just found out my great aunt passed away back in March of this yr...thought this person was desceased...a squandered opportunity..
Six things I know
Congressman Doggett in talking at Save TX Schools conferencemake this a movement and not a moment
Last full day of school.
FINALLY.
Summer can almost begin.
Beer, pizza and a slasher novel.
Of course, being a Book Review Editor is volunteer labor on top of everything else that I as a professorssor have to do.
So, don't do that.
POTUS' speech was great, but he never covered the level of pervasive corruption that engulfs Afghan society.
From Karzai on down.
DIWOmediamaking with and danish donuts
Chile seeks alliances to increase fish consumption  FIS
We have doubles.
You get one bobble per ticket.
We don't have the ones offered today but...
Anyone else stoked on starwars 3d Coming to theaters?
What's your favorite star wars character?
ok, for nongeeks, what is CDVIII???
Will release lowbandwidth version to general public?
Very frustrating when at a WiFi hotspot and call is choppy or delayed.
Don't sass me woman.
Turn to the food network.
There's a show on there called how to boil water.
Watch it.
:p
u mean green n yellow lol
Wow that list is full of so much fail.
I was going to give examples, but every single point is terrible.
It's 80s Thursday!
Don't forget to send us your song requests!
idk why everyone is all of a sudden jumping on Joseph Kony now, when hes been doing this since 1988...
Things got downright acrobatic this morning at !
Inner thighs will be hurting tomorrow, thanks to instructor Alona!
don't you mean what's up with Rose Pak running negative search ads...?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
i have heard great things about Mother's Bistro!
Travel Deal: Disney resort hotels 30 off.
For stays April 13 thru June 14.
Book before end of March.
What's good Crystal, how good is that remix.
and Juelz go IN on their verses.
After school some ish is about to go down!
You still have six hours to get your halfprice Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival tickets through GROUPON!
Reminder: Twestival Flashmob is coming up!
Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com for more information!
o exciting!
Good luck at the interview!
Thanx 2  for goatdinner suggestions!
Keep em coming!
Not long until another dinner w offerings from
All signed up for that 7K run u should sign up too...free Bucket afterwards first we run then we get lucky
Is that your restaurant on today ?
OMG BLATANT call 4 attention!
If u were a chick...you'd b the type with low self esteem.
LOL!
u got a friend in me
: dont get going to miss :
excellent Vespaing weather today.
Watching The Giants Parade on FOX looking for my hubsy!
Own a Halfcut Tee?
Post up a picture of you wearing it, Use the hashtag mirrormondayHC and the best photo will be featured on our instagram
First ever show tommorow night.
!
Tastes delicious, gotto try it.
No way, no additives!
: u blend that up?
what does it taste like?
Any additives?
i still cant get over the fact that justin followed me and he ddnt retweet me or anything and thats the only reason i didnt notice
: and it continues haha.
Had to throw out the degree from the best U in the state LOL Go
OH SHHNAP I GOTS TO GO WATCH IT...thats my ish right there.
gaming experience The Smart Airsoft Shopper?s Guide
New friends , good.
thanks for sharing.
PS I am a FOND member
Glad to see you land on your feet, miss the afternoon insight!
Shut up !!
Henry David Thoreau The secret of achievement is to hold a picture of a successful outcome in the mind.
omg DC weather is so amazing today.
Let's talk about it ad nauseum.
Omg omg omg
Took all my energy to walk my bike to the shop for a tune up.
A sweaty wreck I am.
I've started seeing Austin in some of the teen magazines..
there was even a poster in one of them.
It's weird.
Thinking back on 2011.
What are the best photography tips you got this year?
Meeting with 3 new clients today!
i made a perfect hair bun.
I won't be watching to find out.
I'm going to force myself away from it xD And from what I've heard about it so far, it's a
I will check these out.
Thanks!
Happy Valentines Day !
OMG!
I have had this conversation at least 500 times!!!
Thanks for asking the hard questions!
Aww It's the Pisces in me!
You're pretty great yourself.
3
haha wanted to beat traffic and it's better to be down here takin pictures of carf then be at my house haha
Holliday is the main man.
Pujols needs to be benched.
It was a terrible last inning but it's 11 so we got time..
/
link not working...
I know right...
I guess this is a last resort for resurrection
Got my light up shoes on
Need to do remember to do mindfulness meditation before, after, and during any to ATT customer service.
Going home to lie down
he gonna choke like usual
Thank you so much for all your efforts!
Which is totally NOT me!
:P
taxes, check.
done.
there you go uncle sam.
take my soul.
we do hire webcam models now!
and invite you to join us if you want.
Them quiet ones is the one u got to worry about.
Them loud ones..
I'm just go put it like this
Happy first day of spring!
Take any opportunity to enjoy the beautiful weather outside with your family.
True that!
RT On my way to Columbus for transformingrace.
Who else is going?
Also there must be a better hashtag?
:
The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on the list.
As with EVERYTHING...if It's not good for you, U CAN ALWAYS TELL A FRIEND : It MIGHT BE just want they were searching for :
Really enjoyed the piece in today's Post, by the way.
One in seven Americans in poverty.
Working age poverty worst since 60's.
All GoTEA talk about is tax cuts for rich.
Disgusting.
I don't blame you.
It's like when you actually go to a gym you can do better
Me and are jammin in our rooms :D
thoroughly enjoyed auditioning for two principal roles for the new Charlie's Angels pilot in Miami.
The script has action and adventure!
My night is a lot better when the celtics lose by 1 and the lakers get a spanking by 33 only in the 3rd quarter
I love Sweet Home Alabama.
The biggest hamburger ever served weighed 8,266 lbs.
It was cooked in 2001 at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin.
Played in the rain for the first time in years.
I should do it more often
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everybody.
Watching godzilla i am.
Disturb me not
Welcome all new and returning KMC team members!
Thanks for braving the weather!
2012 will rock!
do you really wanna know....?
Lol it scared the crap out of me when I clicked it...
Orlando home investments is hot!
Last week has been nuts crazy!
Thanks!
It's awesome to see info about our game has made it all the way to France!
what are u up too?
Just took an I'll be back shit.
it was super cute!
bounces and breaks back what it do boo!
LOL RT : LoveReign shaawwttyyy what yo name is?
my heart stopped cuz of seriously O.o
10am on Friday, realizing how much work I still have to do and how I'm not going to get a weekend :
8days until boyfriend so freakin excited
Thanks again for joining in and listening.
AchieveGlobal wishes you all the best luck and much future
i wish
She obv doesn't know what fashion is :
is now following if you want to make a step in the right direction, you Follow them as well.
Cecil Baxter You dont get anything clean without getting something else dirty.
Im Going at Midnight tonight!!!!
What Now !
Only People With Swag Do That!!
sittin at home wit chad and the girls bored as hell
I don't know.
I get responses from He should have a million fans.
I just saw you on Lion King and you were truly breath taking!
Pure talent.
The show was the best i've ever seen!
Just ate a NYC dirty water hot dog  They taste great, but those things go thru u like a Bon Jovi cover band went thru my exwife's pants.
awww RIP uncle Ciaran lots of prayer to the fam!
Read every word: he lives in NJ, in TV, a Yanks fan,  born on April 6.
My comment never said DS, but could have
Q10: we like to cook our veggies on our George Foreman grill
RT please if you are very thankful for all Alex does!
I would hate to see this not get a lot if retweets He's awesome!!:D
Being the bigger person, understanding, and not freaking out about the situation 
It's a beautiful day for a Bobblehead night stadium with my 1 cutie x1231x
I wake up with WAKE UP allday love him
Tell them that.
I can't do it anymore.
Or lordy, don't we all.
truth.
Might be idk.
If not i gota website w every episode.
Check hbo on demand too
THE PHIL  JOHN SHOW TONIGHT  MOLLY BLOOMS PUB IN WATERLOO, ONTARIO
People don't change.
Your expectations of them do.
I better check it out then.
I haven't had a gyro in a while.

Thx for following.
Skype just asked me to login...
Three strikes your out on the Mac.
Microsoft?
One hand buzz: play ghost notes on snare in a groove and experiment with one hand buzzes on toms and snare.
I've been lost but i wont lose you
If you are watching Scandal 2nite, watch the homie on live Fri  3pm!
She is the same IRL!
my hats aren't here yet /3
From the fish's point of view, that is.
Watching the Grizzlies finish 'em off with my girls
Thank you so much guys!!
iFollowAll teamfollowback :D
can i retire and move to Ecuador?
what a nice vacation idea send our parents
I really don't think 2 ppl should've never been yelled at in my government class get rid of those 2 boys n we'll be good!
Advice given to interviewee: Don't tell me how much u will love to work for my company; tell me what u will DO for my co.
in thank u note.
RT : Watch newscasts OnDemand Channel 411!
Tune in to today at 9 a.m.
for more details!
I should be able to make it, tho my cousins flying into town from HI tmister so not certain
Tell everyone about !
Firsst 10 people to retweet this gets our single Sunshine for FREE!
lana del rey is my everything....
Count me in, esp for anything frostycold and delicious!
but I think his view of technology in the classroom is suspect or at best not clearly defined.
wow!
just googled her; she is cute as hell!!!!!
fuuuuuuuuuuuck
so can you talk now what's up.....anything new?
I have fellow wrestlingfans/awesomepeopleingeneral coming in from all over the country
doctorke is a half Jewish....lol
i have fifty five follower ya buddy thnxs for the follow
yes my friend works as a mall cop and we do r wash here for free lol
I do too.
It's like improv comedy  I like watching other people do it, but I'd look like an ass if I had to do it myself.
A show of my Mandalas and Deities Paintings starts Sep 3, 2010 at Mendelson Gallery in Pittsburgh.
Images of paintings on Facebook
he's blind katie!
Yes!
RT : Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad.
We must stop trying to shoehorn childoctorn from immigrant and singlechild families into hockey and football because of their expense  imagery
omg auntie cheryl 333 look so youngg
Poot: Do the chair know we goin' look like some punk ass bitches?
String: Mothafucka I will punk yo ass for sayin' some shit.
thewire 
Such a gorgeous day it is!
Very cool and breezy.
Feels fresh outside.
The pump is over for ALZM time to short!
love the professorle pic.
Play your ass off this year!
Whatever happens, happens.
Do your thing.
F Pete!
oh my god you favorited my tweet I feel like I just got a celebrity shout out
TheVow preview gets me every time can't wait to see it in theaters
SEW IFMA has officially joined Twitter and is celebrating Communications 2.0 for their 25th Anniversary year.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent Wings and Chicken with Wild Rice Soup

I was a media relations intern that year...
'twas a horrible nightmare of a season!
But the AllStar game was fun!
Why did you change your name to D Wenzel?
Dan is in your handle.
WE KNOW YOUR NAME!!
I love how there's a small blemish right next to my nose piercing.
annoyed 
what's that suppose to mean?
GAHHH I HATE BEING SICK!
;
If you LOVE us, cast your VOTE now!
Abqthemag.com best of the city!
Voting ends Sept 1st
No one group/department should own social media Agree or Disagree?
Is there a link?
I'd like to see/read his full comments.
Kentucky is a good place to see a race.
Hopefully Bruton gets the traffic issues addoctorssed by next one.
All registered for my final 2 MBA courses.
Crazy how time flies/ how long its been since I enrolled.
Check out my friend on tonight!
Woot!
Go, Khemali!
officially started to import all of my music from CDs to laptop.
this is going to take foreeevvverrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I'll be your date as long as you let me do the counting.
oh s, you were sitting on the patio talking on your bb with the laptop that says patch!
I remember seeing you too :
if you want to call by yourself lol !!
Where is the link to the article?
Happy Halloween from Infiniti of Denver!
follow me please i love you so much 3 ;
First time I'm getting my hair done by habeshas
that's a beautiful picture!
Watch out for all of the tourists!
:
I grabbed that exact model!
For myself...
as my wife scoffed and questioned their effectiveness...
so similar stories!
no problem, I got you bro
Only Walter Mosley can use words like susurration  exsufflations in a mystery novel  still give nothing but pure joy to the reader.
Kobe vs Lin tonight should be interesting!
Come in and check out Pink Magic!
Customers love this stuff!
Registered for the BAA 5K!
Now let's just hope I get accepted.
And can get back in shape to run without wheezing.
yea man...if you need a game early, we can get it....
oh of course!
but these clouds are not working for me
thx to everyone in downtown lb who came out for the breakfast today!
not gonna lie, it mighta been the best breakfast yet.
:
Brunch begins at 10:30 today.
Come check it out!
I wish u were here I really miss u kid!!!!!!!!
coincidentally, biting a French conversationalist and doing a Parisian.
what are the odds??
Faith, Hope, Love
Thank goodness i work Bank hours and am off today : Going to see Mission Impossible 3 with the fam
looks like you'll have to find a new reason to hate Xavier now.
No, I want to change things.
It's just that when I look at my circumstances, I feel like an idealistic sucker being swindled.
just getting to a tv and it being half time 
Tan people have more fun.
I def belong in NYC: this I know.
3 thank you to my favorite girl to jump people with ; sarcasm
I just missed you in a tiny chat?!!!!!!!
thanks you so much for your support, Donovan.
You rock!
agreed!
You are right, again...
Now you're showing off.
;
looking forward to see more sf games up, also, subbed!
Heading to Samuel Horne's Tavern in Folsom this Thursday!
7pm, like always :
Hearing oomfs voice  
DCD and Blazed Entertainment present Sinful Solstice Fest 2010 benefiting the UNM FOCUS program for at risk childoctorn.
Photobombed snow white like a champ tonightt
I want to go back  meet Jesus.
Fuck moving doctorms.
Thank you for the RT!
you bumping the newest mix during ur runs???
The new Brandy album is awesome.
When I say Brandy I mean SilversunPickups.
When I say awesome I mean pretty good.
We could always come over...
Me and are singing International Harvester like a boss.:
Pack your bags YOU ARE WATCHING 3 LIVE in New Jersey this Saturday!
Congrats!
Even knowing about it makes you a hipster, hipster.
Happy Friday!
Go see a new show this weekend and support original theatre!
just got glow in the dark paint.
i'ma do something amazing with this.
Yes!
and 80!
Sadly we missed winter this year.
u know what to say!
;
Same to you babe : 3 hope you had a great day !!
x
who ran it?
Any video of it anywhere?
Follow our friends They have a mini/golf outing on April 14th in the historic third ward.
And your son is AMAZING!
So funny and charismatic!
Now what?
How do we move this forward?
Let's create hubs of communications, let's work together
Good Morning Kurt ...your thoughts on the Steeler doctorft?
Bro with all the change Dixie is paying you buy yourself an I phone
time2builddaSTACK!!!
Let's do this
I cannot stop watching game of thrones
not yet.
im makin moves on that shit tho
THANK YOU shoutout to for helping us make a special someone's birthday extra great with those fun balloons!!!
This time last year only the people in the band knew who we were.
1,100 twitter followers later, and we can't wait for 2012!
Having rap some
umm I'd probably just flick you in the eye
No hell no we should won and got it over with..
Boo!!!
I said the exact same thing to everyone I was watching with.
Give the man his gun back, though it was a good thing that Carl had it.
Thanks again for your powerful remarks on yesterday and for inspiring a generation of HBCU advocates
Sounds like you're working on Bruce R.
smith's soundscapes.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at the Alvarado Transit Center, on the platform for National Train Day.
Does anybody else have doctorams about their ex for no reason ?
I seem too and its annoying
Hahahaha brew shakes.
Why am I batting at a batting cage..
When I don't actually play..?
sounds like you need some lessons from your gpa
I feel like this bishop doctorw the short straw.
Hoyas were managing well without Sims and Lubick, but NC State just broke off a 70 run.
JT3 calls timeout up 2522 with 4:03 to go
ah look whats on yo head
I'm tolerant on train but being near crowd of French parents/kids wearing animal hats, singing, shouting  taking photos is just torture!
McGill tip: narrowing down large story's nugget.
When you are close to story but not there yet, that's when to nuggetize more.
Great play by Freddie right there.
How bout move your ass off the mound next time JJ
Try to make library website best Frankenstein it can be.
For the forseeable future it will still be frankenstein!
I just used the conference schedule and it did exactly what I needed!
sounds great!
We will enjoy having you here
Levander: Tech needs to learn humanities disciplinary knowledges, and humanists need to learn science and comp sci knowledges
Thanks!
I got to get this moving!
Want to laugh?
I am getting magnet bumper stickers for my car today.
:0
2.
Make sure window AC units fit tightly so air can't escape.
This can shave up to 20 off heating and cooling costs.
Guess what we're celebrating this week  it's salty, delicious and part of a carnivore's diet...
Wow, cocoa puffs are great!
This aint no love song, I just felt like gettin my guitar on
Hey Brad, no problem.
Thanks for following me!
I wish to meet you someday.
Did they call you?
Happy Birthday from !
Celebrating tonight aM I ok at
I'm waiting for True Blood!
We still have 100 to enter from yesterday!
not gonna lie...you got me lol followme?
Love you!
If you haven't tried our new wings you Have to stop by!
Today is the best day to stop!
Wing Day at Brass Monkey, .35 wings or .60 Boneless.
you guys need to be on a sitcom together.
I always tell girls I'm like an open book then whisper from public library with pages missing and a bunch shit written all over it.
You chase me, I chase you....It's all a big ass game...Spending all your money on a Mfer who will never really appreciate you...
All kinds of newsy nuggets from Orangebloods.com's coverage of the Under Armour and U.S.
Army AA Bowl practices.
Jordan Stafford will always be TheJordanator to me
I Want It BAD.
happy easter!
That was not a good inning from KRod.
Totally agree w/ I look like a lobster but worth it to support and
then how did you reply lol
Awww, thanks to me all the guys in my 8th period know What Makes You Beautiful and now they all sing.the song :D
Ok...
jus bus a Queen Jane tune.
: We can't wait!
MagnersNation so excited for tonight!
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
Nick Cannon
With a prick upon my thumb, something wicked this way comes......
Already Seen So MANY Kony 2012 Posters !!!
:D

alright , just let me know .
A good leader wins a war...A phenomenal leader avoids one.
The Fast, Fabulous, Allegedly Fraudulent Life of Megaupload s Kim Dotcom
Times like these, I wish I had my own place with big bags of weed, a guy to give me nonstop mouf, and fruit snacks.
Ok I got to many producers on here claiming they made Tupac Back.
Stop fucking lying b4 I bust dat ass out.
Don't get embarassed on Twitter
I told you to be patient, I told you to be fine.
I told you to be balanced, I told you to be kind.
Ran 9 miles in 1 hour and 15 mins and felt great.
marathon training 9 mile
Follow me
Excuse me is Ross Detwiler chewing on a piece of wheat while pitching?
Say what?
363 days till marriage.
At work hate it!!!!
you ever felt like a piece of velvet cake?
You have to be pretty happy.
Game 7 Saturday!
YAY!
I now have clear internet.
35 bucks a month and I can do everything I need to do home and on the go.
Whoohoo.
Now I pay 15 a month!
we r!
Here we go!
Be My TweetHeart starts tomorrow!
candy heart messages tweet back using the same letter!
Rich, just wanted to send a general thank you for the work you do on Capitol Fax.
Valuable information every day.
Great job.
Your loved one could already be in their FINAL resting place, like many victims of those locked up.
time for tron soundtrack  3rd cup of coffee  book  art project.
SUNDAYS FOREVER.
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
Microfilm secured; Cancer13 proceeding to egress.
yay!
Ooh!
Tell me how it is.
Bon voyage!
LION KING ON BRO LMAO
It's a crush of shrimp, which far and away surpasses a murder of crows, particularly if you use the right condiments.
guess we need a Google page too.
jorge: 8:00am Houston still without power.
The Heights area is a mess of uprooted trees and blocked streets.
I'm just grateful there is someone that recognizes the efforts put forth by hard working individuals.
Makes me
i got some skeletons myself.
but i display them on my shelf.
Yep.
Unfortunate that there isn't more infrastructure!
I tried to hunt down the source.
Maybe JM got it.
It could be one of those stats that never is backed up.
Workin' like a mad man this week.
Yess I Am.
RT : RT : who should Gingrich thank first?
Marianne?
John King?
Juan Williams?
Mitt's accountant?
It's like The Austin police department hired seasonal help, they're all over the place!
India is planning a solar atlas to map the intensity of the sun's rays to find the best location for solar technology....
oh I got a red doctorss for ours, I just need one for awards day
I dare you...
We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.
Rumi
do homework .
follow before she commits!27
When do u leave for the navy?
keep yer eye out for the magical trolley on the tracks tomorrow
First rehearsal today.
Very excited to share these voices with you!
Alright this is routine is already getting old.......
I need to eventually get them in Flickr.
Feel better soon!
We will make sure to refollow you because we love Pinterest Cat and think it should be a meme!
Chicago, Union Reach Agreement on Streets and Sanitation Pay
I mind my business on things I know nothing about
having class with the guys only today was so much fun.
i love spending time with my girls but the guys are so much less doctormatic.
sofunny
bahahahah u won't !
Tell me
If happy ever after did exist ....
I would still be holding you like dissss .
ZBoMomsDayBrunch Maybe a selection of Post brand cereals.
Justice has been done
Cool.
I want one.
I had the same problem.
My word was finite.
The older I get the percentage of people I actually like gets lower and lower
If its on his permanent record, the school is going to know.
DUH.
Sorry we got spammed, disregard any of the past few tweets!!
doctorving in tornado storms
I'm eating chocolate, doctornking a beer and watching Sex and the City on my couch.
What have I become?!
Thank you guys!
Yes, we are here!
Always moving up and forward!
:
For the first time in my life, I am disappointed with Bo.
Want real dirt on CivilWar Camps?
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon Kindle.
Whores in camp, morphine legal, Hooker in charge.
Omg no!
was injured in a car wreck!
She in the hospital fighting for her life!
The beautiful Florissant, Missouri
not bad all!
Who should I ask for when I doctorp by?
Any time after 2 works for me.
sorry to have missed you too!
ended up cancelling anyway bc service ind people couldn't make it til after 10, went to CK
Prodigy .
Yes Him all the way 3 !
: and a fan he likes : Please Please Please : !
Happy Bday Young Blood
actually.
i think i'm on to something...
fine im sorry ahha
I wish I was a rich bitch.
doing an interview!
I sat thru the whole thing waiting for the good part.
But like said, it was dances with wolves in space
Greyhound racing is fun.
I get tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent the things they was previously...
90's: I remember when I had to wait for Porn on Channel52 all night just for a Green Boob!
Feel lucky Kids
I only exist as a construct.
But it's a construct you can actually attend.
I wonder if it was a guy I know from Pgh Beer Meetup?
During tasting  a local brewery, he asked Are there hops in this?
sigh
Jacky's gonna eat you
That presenter is Cassie Mundt Her research was on understanding the teen visitor experience
3WordsOfAdvice Don't give up.
RT : Just left the mall.
Really hoping my wife wants half a giant pretzel for Christmas.
was trying to work out how i got new followers...checked my emails and i saw you retweeted me..i was like HOW DID I MISS THIS!
Eminem is so attractive
Um..
surprise?
Annndd let the Rihanna/Chris Brown jokes begin.
WOO!
NADAL IS COMING BACK!
If you're up for anything, be prepared to have to live it down
gratefultweet: For the wonderful musicians I get to work with, and terrific instruments, and new challenges.
thank you Ms.
Marley!
Saw Lauren last nt!
She said she's coming 2 see SarahsWar !
Sorry about that bro  got wrapped up.
When do you work this week?
Cant understand why it takes 4 days to get a technician out to fix my problem.
Att could switch my service over faster than that.
You have a special place in our heart too!
Nothing like fucking up in a shit show league and blowing the game.
Ha!
I am going to have to try that approach with my two little fellas.
GG just your everyday push!
I bet youre trying to prove what the meaning of single is
forgot how much i absolutely love
Awesome!!
We actually put your Anticipated Games notebook in Explore, so you may be getting a few followers today!
;
get shouted out to all my 1OO,O followers when you follow
the only reason I'm not locked out is cause my ooc bestie let me use her number e.e
Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person.
You are everything I think about, everything I want.
I am wide open most of the afternoon if you have some time.
RT : Don't know what to say or how it say it?
Dance it ouuttt!
Candlelight and music...
relaxing ah
would u be interested in letting our community know about your bread at our food event on 9/23 in the Humble, TX area?
:
Emails that include Anthropomorphisms until the pain stops.
Awesome...awesome :
: Injuries are just running rampant right now...
Damn league and their revenues.
gooddaysunshine Take a walk, try running today, commit to something new that seemed impossible yesterday.
Say yes to life :
I miss my long hair, methinks I'm gonna grow it back.
Another great ATP TAG CIO Roundtable.
450 people and me as VOG and Red Carpet VIP Host.
Umm yes yes yes yes yes!!!!
My toes need it!!!
SportingKC welcome Back Davy we have missed you please come back and retire as a KC player
No way!
I was a dance teacher for years and think that show is a disgrace!
Awesome turnout!
RT : Book club  success!
RT : Ready for our first book club meeting!
How's the writing going?
It has been 2 hrs !
;
NO.
WAY.
If anything I'm more loyal!
3rd Pick NFL Week 3  Falcons/Saints  49 Pts.
TakeTheOver  Brees will do his thing, spread ball around, Ryan  Gang score at will too
Hahhahahhhh I love Bill O'Reilly
Wow that high ass doctorbble by dirk has been a problem
I thank the God above for keeping my mother, In spite what the doctors have said we serve an awesome God!!!!!!
My owner can be a mad bitch sometimes!
And she isn't even a dog ; go follow 
Omg!..
JenniferHudson tribute to Whitney must have had that Grammys audience in tears.
I hope so.
Want him to be more of a regular regardless of who is pitching.
No you don't lol RT : I still think the Knicks can win :D LOL
can i help?

Ginger Ale  Amazing.
Oh and it's HenneSSy my dear.
:P
Thanks for hanging out with us!
RT : Thanks for that great brunch today!
The white sangria was just what I needed!
How is everyone out in the twitterverse this fine evening?
about to hole myself up in a lafayette coffee shop for a couple of hours to get some work done...any recommendations?
Patron professorles webinar for libraries beginning now.
Follow at
From my time with , I feel like we need to have the state call marriage what it is: a business partnership.
I'm fearing that this is the inevitable letdown after the huge win at Leeds.
Need to stay focused.
We all love the Muppets!!
Bring your friends and family to the FFL Saturday at 2PM to laugh and enjoy the Muppets!!
the only place anything seems to be happening is state street, everywhere else is normal for the most part
Switched to Balvenie Double Wood for the night cap.
Nothing beats a good singlemaltscotch before bedtime!
well that's not good I hope ur fri gets better
pittsburgh represent what what
Well hello there, May.
It's about time.
Is it just me or did April seem to go extra long this year?
skins really enjoy going after exraven linemen and overpaying, Grubbs is solid but could cost way more than his worth.
wiunion West of Milwaukee it's stand walker: WIrecall disappeared.
Appears like thieffear.
No freedom of expression anywhere there.
No question...just saying knows how to help you with your resume!
I'm here for you bro.
I been there before, but don't hold in that anger.
Be peaceful  don't let them steal ya joy.
thanks!
Hope you're doing well!
Remainder of the workday should be canceled, on account of nice weather.
An uplifting morning!
Is and praying for patience!!!
Do you have the patience to wait till your mud settles and the water is clear?can you remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself
Don't be nervous.
BMA is a great organization.
And from what I've seen the meetings are an excellent experience.
They will be available at the scholarship booth RT : where will we be able to get MLA '12 jerseys during
I have a fetish for eating pucci ......
But only in a relationship, cause I aint risking my life from a jumpoff even head
COME THROUGH B RT : south
no!
i love u ging!hahahhaha is it all gonna be blonde?:
Mutltitasking hurts performance but makes you feel better
I'm loving the new Success Magazine online features for coaches!
So much to explore, watch, and read!
Lol..
Dets ya excuse..
You need ah whooping..
;
your welcome Chuck Chubs :
That just made my day!!
:D
Even if you put bacon on top  that's the power of the Ancient Grains!
What exactly is computer technology in a curriculum sense?
Sounds very 1970s.
Good morning :D
wow i really don't know what to say.
Fight Night!!
Yes, I've been a Cards fan all my life.
I can remember Crum's 1st team that went to the Final 4.
I'm not a Pitino fan though.
RT Blogger Relations 8/18, noon  The Grill at Hotel La Jolla!
Attend  get advance reg to 10/11 NBC Studio Tour!
NICE!
What's the spot again?
Seriously folksthis is awesome!
: Bundy hits 100 on stadium gun in second inning at Perdue Stadium tonight.
doctoramchasers2 Had DatPiff crashing.
Now we gotta use Live Mixtapes out of every site lol
OMGHELP: Vernal  Atumnal are adjectives for spring  fall.
What are adjectives for summer  winter?
way outside.
Great news, just got an upright bass to finish the song A Little More Time.
As one myself, I thought I'd just let you know it's O'Connor without any e.
But good reporting nonetheless.
Ask for the Old School 7  2 eggs, hambaconor sausage, toast with our homemade jelly!
Now that the APUSH exam is over, we're spending the rest of the year watching a documentary on The Beatles in that class.
Heck yeah.
can't wait to chill the fuck out tomorrow at friends' house with a C.T.F.O.
party.
The Game marathon!!
How I know I'm a geek: My bridal shower is taking place on Google video chat notkidding I should get a prize...
Just won a free trip to Denmark at
You remmber me tho right I was jlooneytoone.
I was one of your followers before.
what an awkward time for a meetup...
SaySomethin is my fudging summer jam.
no doubt about that.
Excited for cocktails with my coworkers to support
Hope you had a great weekend!
RT : Thanks
We were ranked15 once,40 against top 25 in FL,beat creekstation,broke winshits rec,best ace and lost to1pitch team
bad joke alert: they're like a microwave for relationships!
If this makes no sense I won't be offended.
We briefly considered renting stilettos instead of bowling shoes, but it didn't go over very well...
haiku: Clippers can advance, ending their futility, like my need for tail
u the nigga singing the hook on welcome to HTown?
Audition today with Reggie Bush, I get to wear my highschool cheerleading uniform.
Thank goodness it still fits!
I love 5 de mayo
Anytime someone tell you Wins mean more than stats then ask them if they think Phil Simms was better than Dan Marino?
Good lord, that's a lot of twizzlers!
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months.
If it exceeds, you are already in love.
ugh I'm soo hungry!
Thanks sweetie RT : Love that Bad Muthafcka!
One of my favs on August's Mixtape
Entertainment: Rachel Weisz to star in doctoram House along with Daniel Craig
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW
i wanted you so badly
FarealRT  If I call u a bitch dat mean I love u  Lmfao
Just met the pied piper of wallingford.
He was whistling on his front porch and a squirrel ran across the street and hopped into his lap
I need to step up my tweeting game!
currently doing the chicken noodles soup down yalls
: Simba: But youre not scared of anything.
Mufasa: I was today.
I thought I might lose you.
The Lion King
just had horrible experience with comcast customer service; have been a customer for over 20 years  spending untold .
This day can seriously suck it.
I just wanna thank god for All The beautiful women i know..
...not you.
Don't flatter yourself.
nope, were professorssionals.
Hotel doctorpped a newspaper at our door this morning, my 5 year old said daddy u don't need that, just read the news on your ipad.
I feel like you only mean what you say half of the time, the other half you could care less
I dunno, me spilling that wine was a bit of a gaffe...
Justin's turnig 18 tomorow!
kidoctoruhlforever Happy Early birthday I love you!
BURGERS BURGERS BURGERS!
Come grab a chocolate covered afternoon snack or a delicious burger!
It's over!
Oops.used MichelleObama instead of in my last tweet.Wouldn't it be great if these 2 hashtags trend together:
They say love is in the air , so uh , I hold my breath til my face turn purple
we are too silly !
Sad we see who really dont love this game.
Guess yall should start your own league!
Oh well back 2 football..stay great wade.
It's not that my standards are impossible to reach....
It's just that guys aren't used to girls that have them.....
Standards that is!
OK the move to Sarasota is finally complete, now back to the setting up more shoots
MISSING GIRL HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE
Oh!
An update on the duckings  they've been transported to a new home where they can get the love/care they deserve.
It would be a miracle if I knew what to do for this english project.
Wanna get my ears pierced
Sign me up!
thanks for the video link!
def.
of interest.
will post of our facebook page.
thnxs.
ha.
Give them extra claps for me.
Unless they don't mention River, then they fail.
Football should be part of our national defense budget.
Visit blog.eol.org  use the Questions, Requests  Feedback link at the top to nominate taxa
He's a badass!
nothing...?
why?
Sinus infections suck.
Obsessed is the word lazy people use to describe the dedicated
I followed:
17 hours.
Yeah, I'm counting down the hours.
That is how excited I am.
She burns water and toast is
follow  if you go to Vegas, hit up Burger Bar.
Foie as a toper  amazing.
did you edit it too?
Time roll up, a whole damn bottle by my self..
Santa Monica??
I thought he'd be living in Revere.
hahaha the summer is treating you well
I feel bad for the AFC east can't wait for Brady and the boys to make another super bowl run.
Welcome to the Twitter page for New School Media Coaching
TY for all the pics.Loving the blow by blow  will defs be followg yr live tweets barnard2012  Obama on
If your business supports youth health and fitness, consider becoming a sponsor of the TEAM Fit Magazine.
Ping us for info.
Thanks!
Happy FF and thx for the mentions!
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom
New Outdoor Research clothing, hats, and gloves have arrived!
Stop by or sneak a peak at www.theoutdoorsource.com!
long day today gonna retire early otta be in at 7 am
New social media buttons, yaaaaaay......
Very much appreciated, Melina.
I'm fighting it like crazy and not giving in :
I really really hate pushing carts in this heat.
I'm about to be extra crispy.
Slow motion but progress homie.
A couple sites showing luv but still a lot more work to do.
Whatz been good yo way?
It stressed me out!
I didn't watch last night's GG  on my DVR and can't wait!
R.I.P.
Vidal Sassoon
Avatar is better when doctornk.
Good morning it's goona feel like VT in TX today!!
Going to be in the 20's  mom said it might snow on Friday!!
;
Her sister said they last smoked crack infront of the kids in January of this year.
great new avi very handsome :
Off to bed.
Goodnight, you sexy freaks of nature!
grammyawards Great Show so far the Grammys got it right this year!!!
I love it when some random person takes my parking spot.
Thanks a lot jerk
oh ok lol nothing tho come through.
Beautiful Sunday morning :
Ride my face so ik its real
But she don't like me nor care about anything I do u took her to a baseball game lol but she don't like me so yeah
I use Assistant and I like it.
I still don't understand and never will.
Good luck to my family!!
Bring it back to Texas!
purpleheart
Listening to speak to us virtually at nar11 using Elluminate.
I love this post!!
Makes my heart smile!
Thanks for the follow.
YOU GUYS ROCK!!!
So much to do...too lazy to do any of it
When can we stop by for a sample we are your neighbors on Tyler St.
Starting a revolution is harder than it looks, just ask
Touchdown L.A.
Prepping for a busy week of actor meetings and writings!
agree although sports nation is fun to.
My boy doing it big
Thx for all the new follows!
Hit us up on Instagram ; facebook.com/alessaisred
You both give me big smiles and reasons to laugh out loud.
followfriday my bud who's pd and primetime on 101.5 krox but running for Austin City Council place 4.
Great for Ausin  Music!
Patiently awaiting the Tequila break
just saw the security footage of my youth minister falling on stage and kicking the table across the room.
If you're taking part in the general strike you're not supposed to do household chores.
I can get down with that part.
What is the woman that lead all the BOYS on?
A GAME!!!
Washington D.C.
is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
3rd iPhone this month!
NP Big Brother by Yeezy LetsWork S/O my big brother he put n taught a lot in this industry
Watching Criminal Minds!
Gosh!
Her act like a Monster!
lol you asses .
Last day of practice !
:
PS Jim, remember to keep telling everyone what u say on ur show 'This is NOT 2008!'The banks aren't collapsing!
Kyt :j
Oh my god her breath stink
Went to bed with 512 followers.
Woke up two nights later with 581....
CRAZZZYY!!!
:D
the microphone is ON as you are playing this story.
Turn off the mic!!!
LIKE HIP HOP OR WHAT ???
He is!
Gorgeous skin.
Good morning!
Welcome to my world of social media fun.
So glad to see you here.
My only beef with on that?
Tony Bennett's teams have only defended the 3 well in 3 of his 6 years.
Dick's teams 2 of 4 yrs at WSU.
I'm sleeping in my dogs bed tonight.
Happy Valentines to me.
When I can't open my nail polish bottle.
Ugh 
yeah that was trending
I could have figured that out myself
i haven't been on here in a while : i'm tryna get on more !
well eating pizza w/ sarina :
Eileen Brady says will fight with her entrpreneurial spirit, and build coalitions
thanks buddy!
i cant read texts remember???????????
LOL
Wiscy fan and not even Gus makes them watchable tonight!
43 of people believe God helps Tebow win.
37 believe it's the devil.
15 believe it's defense and, 5 don't know what miracles are.
Hi lInda here is our twitter account would love to see the pictures from your party at De Rodoctorguez Cuba
We dont need a special day to celebrate chocolate but its National Chocolate Cake Day so come and try sweets from one of our many vendors!
Be the change you want to see in the world!
: am the only one that puts lotion on my ass?
0.o hmm I should try that haha
Loved getting to meet you !
What a fun set, right?
A crew of NFL players vs a crew of filmmakers...hm...
Am I the only person who does not enjoy going out to eat?
I don't like people watching me eating, waiting for food, or the .
Something Is in what we are speaking raises your glass for because we are Yoü  I letterwithout You  My Heart Gold
Point and Click.
I must say that I'm quite sure I need to visit Europe.
that had to hurt...
grandslam :
Some questions don't get asked because we fear the answers.
sending my luck to
There's always another day and Kay Kay's Craft Mall.
At HS workout with Rambo and the guys
Listening to Doin' That Thing To Me by CHIC
Just what I need!
2 more hours of social networking!
Be yourself
hm idk!!
Explosions in the sky is probably the only ones I wanna see!
And mstrkrft again!
Alright, my bed is calling....until tomorrow.
haha I think it is.
But no body is going
found myself at veggie grill again today.
also found russell simmons there ;
Good Night Twitter!!!!!
:
Bottle of red wine, allergy medicine, and a massage
Caring for a friend's cat.
Reminds me of LeidyPeidyall good memories.
How lucky is that?
I Need To Get doctornk Tomorrow.
haha yeah evertually x how old are you?
I've been crying a lot today.
Stupid windblown plastic bag.
How many Almond Milk doctornkers do we have out there?
Thanks for the RT!
So important to spread awareness.
I wish I could live tweet this.
Congrats on her first fantasyfootball victory!
another tough loss...
This Cubs vs.
Brewers box score will be fun to look at in the morning.
lmfaooo xD you amazing .
i agree with you 100 .
missing you at 21st and M  lunch just got a little less exciting.
Too late to go to bed now, everyone's waking up!
I'll just have a Redbull or 2 or 5 lol
shrimp,home made cocktail sauce,truffle salt seasoned filets,garlic/Parmesan infused mash potatoes,asparagus spears  pancetta
THE BLUES OF SISYPHUS Charles Johnson on the EChannel:http:// www.ethelbertmiller.blogspot.com/
follow me ?
I have brains lol...
just dont have the HEART for basketball...
i dont watch it so
Haha Man Yea That Was EPIC!
Forreal Man Good SHit U Guys Did Ur THing!
I can't complain about sleep.
Mostly tired from trying to keep up with a toddlerand I run marathons!
Spoiler alert........breaking dawn is awful!!!
Man my short ass can't see shit lol
RT : You always ActLikeYouKnow everything when you don't know shit
Truly selfless indeed.
But the ladies want to handle this one.
Alternative: one program per country Django/Spain.
Py/CA
Find out all about our new inspiring, innovative and invformative event series Lead the Change, visit us in booth 634 during
Though inexperience showed, Randi Miller wins MMA debut with 3:27 3R TKO over Molly Estes in close fight.
Welcome Russell Roberts, great to have your business experience on board behind Bonamour.
Great team you and Sean Richie are forming!
You are so pretty 3
Hello SEXY ; Happy Blue Bloods 3
Lol so I woke up to 21 new mentions cuz of the rampage  me went on last night :'
bring yourself to taco mamacita nashville and see if you can finish all 18 tacos.
Everything from lamb to plantains.
This is my 1,400 tweet!
Please wish me a happy belate 11.11.11 my wish for that day was a reply  a follow from you  too!: xoxo
thanks for the follow :
Sure, along with other appropriate spoiling steps...brunch, Sunday papers, fave book or movie while you're gone, etc.
geez!
Guy runs downstairs for booze for one second and I'm getting sht!
Good to meet you.
Getting 12 Mbps up and down on my 4g iPad is pretty nice, makes my phone feel way too slow
U know I luv you, right?
So if I leave 2 get some ACTUAL writing done, I don't want to be hearing the sound of panties twisting.
Huh?
RT : Is a classy geek?
The answer is YES RT so?
We win?
h2sscavengerhunt is back today.
1st clue, this restaurant was just written up in the ajc about its grits.
Come find 2 great giveaways.
You looked like Barbra Streisand's pubes.
Yay I taught my first Italian class today!
thank you lol
doing scholarlyarticle type research with no access to university library system  this really sucks
Eclipse wass so good!!
Gotta see it agaiin!
Bout to put on some more movies with the sisters.

in Houston, where are you?
Damn it Dillard.
It's GameDay at USC Beat the Huskies!!!!
ACFamilyMeeting play Beautiful Mistake!
Many thanks!
.
has highlighted AAA2011 sessions on hospital ethnog, diagnosis, medical teletech, reproductive politics.
Sad to miss conf!
Having dinner Yummers!
Get the green chiles tacos!
Congrats to my friend for tonight's big win...
You did us proud TK.
It has begun.
Enjoy the MilwaukeeDay tweets of Pretty much the best part of every 4/14.
I had to think about that one.
thanks for your opinions, I think I'm going to sell my m43 gear and find a used x100!
good morning :
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love.
Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
Many congrats, Ryan!
my....
cameras....
gonee....
gonna strangle someone.
another test update
Lost in all this Rondo stuff is the Celtics were blown out by Atlanta without Al Horford
EarthFair going Strong
Why don't you just stick to being fake you for awhile.
:
Hi Jenifer St.
Market!
Question: do you sell ice cream cakes?
Just made a bet with that I can be nice to her for a week..
lord help me.
Your welcome hun.:
Thanks for the RT dude!!!
:D plus thanks for letting me and my team be a part of ARTa12 ...
C u soon!
i like the
Battle of the beltway tonight!
Normally am now into mlb but go o's!
Good morning, I hope all is well.
My name is Street Spirit.
I figured i should introduce myself now so we're familiar later.
Callback time.....
Send me good vibes :
Sean Hopkins  I agree, Chamber was a weird PPV.
Booked more like Raw or Smackdown but it's nice to see Punk  Daniel defending at Mania
thank you!
Me gusta Nate!!
I've been hearing good things about The Night Circus and will interested to see what you think of it!
If Obama's speech preempts the Packers/Saints game next Thursday, he can just cross Wisconsin off in the election.
Can I use it to control others?
Thank you!!
: Happy Teacher Appreciation Week suga!
: your passion  doctorve is appreciated!
We need some more motivated people in this world.
People who are not afraid to fight for what they want!
Maybe it's a glitch, but I think blocked me.
Must have been something I said.
Happy birthday to one of my bestest friends in the world : love that girl
3.
to be appreciated for what they do for you, just a simple thank you will do
The subtitle of this meeting should be: parade of snacks.
These people are constantly eating, snack after snack

It's not consider cheating if u put peanut butter on ur testicles and let ur dog lick off 
I strongly dislike those beliebers that are like OMG, I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH JUSTIN BIEBER SINCE 2007.
I'm there looking at them
Capitol hill souvenir vendors have swapped out obama for m.j.
We on that again
Right to pause and own
should we leave the room??
awkward....
Attend our tea 101 course next Tuesday or Wednesday.
Free to attend, just call us to RSVP!!
RT : My favorite poems by Langston Hughes are Genius Child and Negro.
The LMS implementation is going.
I been keepin oit on the low now a niga bout to be back on hit up top shit
Nice!
Seems hard to believe I first saw them in 1993!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
sschat Planning on trying a QR code scavenger hunt for a review activity...any tips from those who have used these in the classroom.
if you follow me, i'll send you a Christmas present!!3
Also i live triviums new album in waves XD
I refer to as more or less the gateway doctorg of nerdy pop culture.
If the Mayans know so damn much, where are they now?
SOME PEOPLE HAVE NO SHAME WHEN IT COMES 2
Thanks new followers!!
i need sleep!
ugh.
: Devin Harris is 22 of 37 free throws in clutch situations this year DALatUTA
Where the hell is my full Bourne Legacy trailer?
Watched you work with kids.
Please look at free Golf Washington app.
Give us feedback on making it better for young golfers
Happy Halloween everyone and stay safe tonight :
At least they are getting paid and the ones that are watching are just talking about it, but still watching.
lol Now who's stupid?
Does anyone in la wanna go see a movie ?
ok so between the 22nd and may 1st...and i'm not going back till end of june
I bought a Walgreens brand razor a couple of weeks ago.
It is THE BEST RAZOR I HAVE EVEN OWNED!
she's as unstoppable as a cigarette, face like an actress from 1943, but she talks to me.
I get a weeks worth of battery life.
Only say 4 days.
I have cream cheese.
You bring the bagels and I'll make them in my clean house
Jury duty is that boring, huh?
RT : Woah..
I forgot how to use twitter
Sounds like a fabulous working environment.
I hope I'm number 1
Final thought from Nichols, she says AB 32 makes me proud of being a Californian.
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
Checking out designs at
Thanks for the RT!
Krod with a nice 1,2,3 inning.
Brewers are headed to extras!
Oh okay cunt
REALLY hate arbitrary prereqs for classes I want to take.
Esp.
when they aren't assigned to a professorso I can't even get approval to register.
This nigga called me blood bath lmfao!!
whoops!
Our mistake, thanks for the catch!
:
Yeah...twitter, hey...
Long Time no tweet.
lol wow,, i so agree
Thank you to all Cougar Fans for making Cougar Week in Spokane a tremendous success, over 12k at the various events!
AskAlexAnything Will you follow me?
RT : Remember when our 1st build day was freezing cold?
Everyone still showed up to build!
We were freezing but we kept going.
i don't care if you light skin or dark skin....
I don't know about you, but I love Freedom!
I think he's just hiring copyeditors and proofreaders.
But send him a notemaybe he can hook you up!
IWasBornThisWay to tell u how I feel regardless u like it or not
thanks for the follow!
After an 18 hr day and a few beers i'm hittin the hay...
i'd rather not follow one of those people that give you tons of followers instantly because i want ALL my followers to be legitimate..
EVERYONE ℱℴℓℓℴω   They follow back FAST!
that follow button NOW!
Ive found the wasp nest at work..
Mission complete...
Now time to take this bitch down.....
To the ground
i love the moments when you realize you wanna be asleep but arent haha
where can I get a Rockies jersey 3xl pin strips preferred.
we could've had a sugar coma party!
I think Title V was funded for the first 56 yrs after NCLB signing.
Haven't found a source on funding of Part B
Today, I've experienced the wonders of daytime and latenight TV  superbeta prostate really?!?
Many thx to great Tues dinner companions for a great time!
other friends
A kid I work with now is a Natural Born Creeper.
Solid skills.
Ripe Puer uses an accelerated aging process that offers an alternative to having to wait ten to thirty years for the Raw Puer to mature.
my iPhone 4 about an hour ago.
Shattered that thing.
How precious are thy thoughts unto me, O God!
how great is the sum of them!
Unite says host hotels just take take take
no prob Bev, just trying to get some confirmation.
Tea is more than an idealization of the form of doctornking, it is a religion of the art of life.
Kakuzo Okakura, Book of Tea
Camp Rock is on.
omfg Demiiiii.
Rangers vs Kings ..:
Opportunity knocks
As long as they aren't getting a prescip.
for Viagra.
That'd be too much
Munich, our time together is growing short.
Paris we will meet soon.
i want a good ole PB  J sandwhich.
ight texting you now
Great summer list.
Essays for pub.
are on my summer list 2.
But no book...Unless I have a total manic stage.
I have mine.
BE JEALOUS.
if what ur sayin is true.
Y are ppl Rt'n it then?
Lol
Thanks for getting in touch.
I talked with my sister Donna and also Uncle Augie.
Thanks.
I think its time for bed gotta get up early and work out.mhave to get in shape before the summer
Yeah, but I bet you didn't get to have a giant elephant as your mascot!
The story about Sherry and Whitney elementary on made me CRY!!
I love it.
Doing good comes back around
LiesIveToldMyParents YES im still a virgin
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 12
Goodnight Darlings!
:
Me trying to rap like Twista  BEAST !
IF YOUR IN BOSTON TONIGHT AND YOU DONT GO SEE ...YOUR A STRAIGHT UP SUCK HOLE.!!!
HAHAHAHA!!!
DICKHEADS...
bizforum one last thing.
Where can i see a transcript?
I'm sure would love to see this chat
Beautiful wedding!
: the song writer is about the best lyricist of all time
That's why I solely concentrate on professortability.
Saves time, maximizes Audi purchases.
re Mamet essay: Long, integral works now; short, fragmented doesn't really  post whole thing / tweet about aspects over the day
I'm getting off : Amanda
Cloudy day in Manhattan.
But a great day to smile at
I love passover
I am hungry for a miracle that will heal your broken heart and allow you to live and love again,cause you act so unworthy of love.
I should be sleeping, but I have the desire to go elephant hunting with Elijah Wood right now.
Also lucid doctoraming may be happening soon
what's up!!?
What are you up to tonight?
RT : 5772 is the best baseball year ever.
The girls will definitely be the toughest to judge!
Hope the yard work was fun!
lol You Are Still so gorgeous
RT sometimes the body juices congeal and hold the pins in place.
Natural history collections are so much FUN!
You create a masterpiece without much thought ...
prolly.
but i know the answer.
hey z, what's up
u still have a lot of life ahead of u.
If u happy then that should b a part of ur doctoram that came through.
I bleed
Reading a historically portrayal of Mohammad, a key Prophet in Islam..
Very interesting!
And great read!
Happy childoctornsbookweek!
In celebration, we'll be highlighting our childoctorn's book publishers and childoctorn's books all week long!
I think every person needs to find his own sweet spot when it comes to how much prayer he feels is right...
Seriously.
RT : gcyale Wish DeNardis had more time.
This was excellent.
Hunting Season opens this weekend.
Come to the gun show Sat and Sun
A dietitian is a good resource if your injured  can help you balance the increased needs of healing with decreased needs from less exercise
We hope you and enjoyed your breakfast this morning!
What's on your agenda today?
OMG I'm like in love with her!
she's freaking awesome!
i see her all the time
Nothing is more powerful, than an idea whose time has come.
EVERYONE FOLLOW Shes amazing!!: thanks.
Success doesn't come to youyou go to it.
Went shopping today!!
It was a beautiful day!!
:
Omg I got skool morrow great.
That should be fun :/
Good post!
Now here is a Holy Hand Grenade to finish them off in style!
; 
Day three of Peter being sick...
The poor boy is completely miserable.
He has a pretty high temp.
The dock says might be viral.
who got naked?
Just found out my grandparents ranch is on 800 acres.
Who the fuck needs 800 acres?
Loving gives pain all the time for being sick and crying for unbearable desire; ironically, that painful desire fuels one's feeling as love.
Had to pull from bad memories to write a hard scene.
Walking to clear my head.
That part of my life is over now.
I have nothing to fear.
Only 2 of venturebacked cos.
are founded by MBAs?
Yikes.
Let me check it out.
thanks RT Bitcoin won't cut it, huh?
Dancing Queen.
Was walking out of my Ink Master casting call, saw the long ass line  asked them if they were here for the show or here to get tatt'd by me
Seriously though..ill pay you :
A spam?
Nope.
This is the official Figaro's Pizza twitter.
All the deals and promos we offer here are good at any Figaro's!
Sleep evades me tonight.
Oh dear every year gets harder to find what to get my mom roses don't work like when I was little.
if you're downtown and hungry, go to and get the bok choy edamame salad.
Yum!

I see my bunny necklace is still up on your front page.
Thanks!
The collection of goodies on there is SO DARN CUTE!
:D
Haha.
Will do.
Please tell Nene  Nancy Proctor I said hi.
:
Some good Pac 10 football right now!
Second 4:30 am day this week.
SLIDE TO LAS BAYGES
ahh I wish!
Miss you.
Jack great meeting you today love the show and enjoy New Orleans!!!
I'm loving tweets today!!
the gloomy weather makes me so tired
Tomorrow morning.
Sleep.......
summ for nothin?
nope.
my talent iis too precious...
y am i up this early on my day off??
well i guess i'll play mw3 then
Rose Gold is the new Black
Alright, I'll chill out then.
I can't believe I'm just seeing that.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
Al Bernstein
Kobe and the Lake Show are going down
Yeah, think of evernote as a way of storing your random thoughts, ideas, and doctorpbox as a way of keeping your raw materials.
Holy Shit!
I'm with Big T in Panema and we just saw this really tan blond chick with a bitch in her purse.
So unreal.
wannabeHilton Damien
hmm...interesting day
KC meteorologist rides a storm of success promoting weather radios  Kansas City Star
HAHA I LIKE THAT!
now I have a new NEW favorite color!
Just had someone whose never played poker tell me the importance of setting up a schedule for playing
My office is so ghetto.
LOUD!!!!
UNprofessorSSIONAL!!!!
ugh he talk to much can we move on please
congrads man go wolves go niners
Tip: you would pull off the hoodlum look more convincingly if you left the Spongebob cup at home.
Having a cold beer at the braves game!
Life is Good!
Burgers, the 'Stone  people dancin' at the Red Mill  Love it!
Glad not to be on EITHER side of that band deal.
I don't Anything to do with the suffering of anybody,race or sex.I had nothing to about being male or white either, sorry .
lmao no keep it : it looks hot on you
RT : Educating faithbased communities about child abuse is so important to bringing it to an end!
Thank you to the......
Optimized for Search Engines  Online content must be crafted for visitors, but optimized for search engines
get packing!!
Can't wait!
:
wmnldoctor The infamous Joan Prince leads off the panel of amazing women leaders including my mentor JoAnne Brandes.
Yeah
if he didn't like it he would have started bitting me by now
TurnToYou has got a nice vibe, it also has me inspired to make a song called Best Mom, yeah I know the names so original lol
Thanks for being a cool spot to share on!
:
Masked mamba clutch once again!
Game going into overtime.
Let's go Lakers!!!
:D
I am an unashamed doctormione and doctorrry shipper simply because its so impossible lol
Thanks for the shoutout.
Guerilla Haiku Movement  coming up!
Tonight's passwords: 5 RantOWheel tix when you said Lord Love a Duck!
and 5 for Fibber with: My pants are on fire!
Oprah's Best Friend: 'Obama Has Done Everything That He Said He Was Going To Doquot;  Mediaite
so pretty!!!
Roger Maris is not in the Hall of Fame.
you want it its medium
That awkward moment, when I'm doctornk and you're still ugly.
May you have the same gorgeous weather we are having today when you graduate!
can some one please tell me how much followers i have?
its not showing me :
Autocorrect just tried to change to juiciness.
He's.
That.
Smooth.
A finger filled with hate and a gun filled with love.
Don't let the opposites attract !
S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife..
i need 2 passes btw.
must see NONE MORE BLACK
SHE SMILED SHE KNOW SHE BADD...
RT : 
What's your fave Bad Bartender story?
From both sides of the counter!
Let us know!
bartenderhatesu Let's get this to be a trending topic!
I'm an artist that spits real life music i represent struggle i have been compared to Tupac , DMX , Nas , and others
RT : Planting A St.
Joseph Statue for Real Estate LuckThe Gardenist  I hate to tell you, it was baby Jesus' head!
That's FREE!
Here...take all ten!
RIP Levon Helm
I will always look out for u!
retweet if you're ripped for her pleasure
is my heart if u never came into my life.
I would be dead rite now i love you wifey
ahh, right!
It's such a good show!:
Thanks lovely : Share them with your friends and like my FB page: MarissaMFans
how so?
Can't Believe She Thinks I Still Want Her .
She Must Be Fucking Retarded.
one more day till i turn 21 !
I swear is this fools keep tripping they gona have to share and ambulance lol
First show of the year this wednesday!
BRAHMS in Michigan w/ lettercamp !
LET THE JAMMING COMMENCE.
Dear Parks and Recreation: Thank you
tell me how i was sitting in ss today and the phone rang and i was hoping it was for me and it was lol i felt special.
again, interested in the Horizon Project retreat?
Follow
Of course!
I feel smarter already!
HAGF!
givebackDetroit Please RT: You can help feed Detroit's hungry with just one tweet thanks to
He fucken pissed me off right now..like seriously i want to sock him in the balls ....
That play works
it's a privilege to receive revelation on the purpose and will of God.
Walk in it..
Just saw a stroller with a hand actuated hydoctorulic braking system
I must say this is a saying to live by
ppl blowin ma high....
It makes Vincent 'Chukkle' ;
NYC watch party !!!
Definitely!
See you tomorrow morning as we cross paths, I hope.
Tonight we'll be at to see and Peter Matteson.
7PM
The BEST way you can improve is to learn from your mistakes and keep pushing forward until you get it right!
THE COACH K OF LIFE
Conference USA RT : Athletic Fee committee votes to approve 54 increase of student fee, 43.
Things will be okay.
As far as I know, class is unfortunately still on!
This game at MSG is gonna be super live
kool...at work...hot u after 8 bro
Finally finished that 10 page essay for history
Build the doctoram and don't stop building.
And,it's true I cant go on without you.Your smile makes me see clearer.
If you could only see in the mirror.What I see..
There's only one vacation that really matters, and as long as I get that one I'm a happy girl.
Now that I've gotten pinterest spam, I'm predicting that they'll sell for more than instagram.
nah you are.
def!
I'll log onto my other account  give a shoutout to follow MidwestMahomies :
I hate flat curly hair, I LOVE my big curly hair.
you need to connect with Deb  Geoff is a nature photo buddy of mine who spends a lot of time at CREW.
Good guy, too
Looking for a Post up, post show?
Follow us.
RT: 
when is romp to stomp?
I have obsessed about it.
I don't know that I could have done anything differently.
I'm lost...completely.
Just registered for Social Media Week events.
Really looking forward to it, Feb 13th17th!
Loving this South Padoctor sunshine
watching american dad
I'm starting w the man in the mirror!
Who wld ever take a physician rec from a book??
I did  I can't thank you enough!
Jon Turk  staff are amazing.
If parents in your community can benefit from free classes teaching them how to engage w/ their kids  home, let us know!
Though a universal formula for success is difficult to come by, caution signs for failure are posted everywhere.
Li Ka Shing
Let's doctornk Tonight Like We Won the Mega Millions and doctornk Even More When We Don't!!
Riding to the aquarium in the 10th grade bus.
I know I just failed at trying to spell that:P
airsoft gun repair help?
electric airsoft guns :
I know what virgin means..
are you sure about that??
quotes music If music be the food of love, play on.
William Shakespeare
Hey is tomorrow Morning all booked up?
I need a cut
mlanet12 Update on Bearded Pigs shirts.
They'll have orange sleeves  a green design.
For some reason couldnt get that picture to show.
Dear students, please do not judge me on the quality of this week's lecture audio.
I won't blame mercury in retrograde!
A nearlyunprecedented three encores at the show!
Oh yes.
We're just that special.
thanks bro more stuff coming real soon stay tuned
Flying to iste11 !
Well, actually on my way about to depart.
See y'all in Philly!
: To the girls that get offended by sandwich jokes, what are doing out of the kitchen again?
that's the million  question

misterMathers: do you know if this tourney was held and if so where i can get info: WPT Regional Series: Indiana Hollywood?
8/2021
Some things need to believed to be seen via
Ian is the one who should really watch out
A special blue ribbon task force!!
They will kill themselves after the third meeting.
Hurrah!
Great job Cards, rewarding making it to the FF  not having to cheat to get there!!
Everyone looks great.
nerdprom Viola Davis with a slamming orange/red doctorss, FABULOUS!
finally home relaxing
Coworker is skeptical of the earthquake theory.
Amazing rehearsal today.......cant wait to headline HOB Sunset on Saturday April 23rd!!
Moobs, that's always funny.
RT: If u never plan to stay don't come in her life in the first place.don't regret because what you did was what you really wanted to do.
RT Scorpios do well hanging on to money but they also know how to spend it on luxurious possessions i deserve it :
Now you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy, are you buddy?
see you then ;
hm, i have half a baguette, half a bunch of asparagus, and cherry tomatoes...
panzanella with a fried egg?
yes.
i think so.
that sounds intriguing...
Get it daddy!
;
Be safe out there...
See you saturday bigshot!!!
It's The Adventure from Angels  Airwaves.
It really shows how nice and compassionate of person you are that you are wanting Max to get help.
I respect you greatly.
Q1 it's usually the responsible of the collections management dept.
Psyched to watched this fight!!
Ok, I understand now.
Everyone must have forgotten how to answer their phone.
It's a national problem.
Congratulations on a nice comeback win against Butler in the 6th region semis.
See you on Tues night in the finals
RT : Idea: what you can do for your local news site in 2 min, 20 min, 1 hr, 10?
am thoroughly enjoying the new Gaga album...a must!!!
What the mind can conceive the mind can achieve...
Years ago I gave my dad a cassette recorder to dictate family memories 4 me.
would have been easier.
Goodbye St.
Louis.
I wish would enroll at NIU...
Imy
Watching Tosh.0 with Viggle Tue  21  Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So excited for tonight!
Woo!
Just got a EGift Card from my family to this is bad, I have finals to study for
Friday: Art  Soul Featured Artist Showcase.
Performances start at noon with Lee'a Ro and Tony Styxx.
It's going to be great!
Oh Smalltimore.
I literally just ran into six people I knew on the Avenue in about 45 minutes.
According to the U.S bureau of Labor Statistics the Private sector created 1.9 million jobs last year, the most in 3 years.
I wanted to find someone who would be willing to help me create a website in Anchorage.
Looking for stories of people obsessed with grass, be it the study of, the taming of or the largescale planting of.
Characters welcome.
Fear, uncerainty  discomfort are your Compases towards growth.
life
surprised how many Ive done myself: book, ID, junk mail.
Cheezit bag  crumbs was just returnd
When boys don't pay for you...biggest turn off ever!
didyourmamateachyaanything?
Goin on a radio show tomorrow!
790 KABC  10am.
Tune in : thanks for the love and support!
3
talking to someone you havntt talked to in awhile that ISNT a complete asshole psycho like everyone at deering 
haha you eat olive garden,wataburger,and pizza ALOT haha that's ok I love you3
Love that rainbow!
Is that out by the ocean where you saw it?
Found our email acct and we're now for all your official SCMS Boston conference tweets and beyond!
Stay tuned.
Super hungry!
D:
good.
u?
lol.
u been doin' pretty good?
Look at the stars and see the musical eyes of my thoughts through your ears transpired by mind through waves of wonder and being.
enjoy.
Love the new App !
Trying to decide if we want to record with davidadammonroe The opportunity is there, will we take it?
We'll see soon enough!
: Saw friends I haven't seen since graduation!
sohappy
thanks sweetie!!
Mega64: Elite Beat Agents
What a great day.
After a yr of maint all of the escalators  union station DC work!
No more missing trains!
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad.
An optimist is a man who hopes they are.
Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Ah did a great job with the coffee this morning cause I am bouncing off the walls with excitement for tonight  tomorrow 

doesn't mind stayin up with the boo playin video games!
:
idk I saw only one haha
iPad battery is at 6 and I forgot the charger at home.
Georgia is backwards...its 46 outside but friday is going to be around 90
Finding myself liking Beibs' new song more and more...
Somebody slap me
How to cut college housing costs Over the past 20 years, the price of room and board at both public and private colleges has been rising
when did you order and from where?
See us this Sunday  In The Park Sports Spring Flag Football League for kids and adults!
125PM.
trick call me.
New phone n don't have ur number ms madam
Happy Easter and Passover to all  enjoy this incredible day!
free PR?
RT Great SM goal: Encourage fans to act as advocates for your museum.
Valentines day without my honey:.
Oh well I need to study anyway :
RT : GlutenFree Grocery Shopping Guide  GlutenFree Mall  9780979409486 Product Amount: by doctor Mara Matison
You're sick?!
Someone put a curse on you!
Perfect!
Nic will be in Scotland that week so I'll need to stay busy...lol
So saddened and shock by the loss of Whitney Houston.
Her family is in my prayers:
With Boston's funest and truly most upscale crowd, Blu is the only place to be on that night.
I gotta run too ..
its just in every rap song out there lol mostly doctorke
me too.
Finger crossed!
Been waiting for my Wednesday class to get cancelled, too bad I still have shit to do
Oh, forgot it grew to 4 kids.
do not worry.
Puffy vest updates will flow freely your way my dear.
It's All About You Magazine is now on Twitter!
Please RT and follow
Shortfall could range from 60 million to 136 million for next school yr, depending on midyear cuts and a costofliving adjustment
BREAKING NEWS: There isn't a magic pill you take and in one day, you wake up at a healthy weight.
Get out of the way at the gym people.
Stop gocking at yourself in the mirror.
that is a great Quote
Shouldn't the American Comedy Awards actually be funny?
Where's Bob Hope when you need him?
I love yours the most!!
I miss yours.
We are currently recruiting developers  writers.
If you are interested in learning more about Relaborate, please email
One of the Senators said the other day, I suppose we will hear about this Sunday from the Mayor.
Well, you are hearing from him now.
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know.
Does anybody else love that Megaman jump?
Great Business get your cash machine today!
www.ebookviralincome.com
please follow she is you biggest fan!62
its should a been cut off season for y'all.
Don't hesitate on that shit.
Cut em off now.
consolidating email lists arggghhh, w/ help from my trusty assistant, Chris Yeah.

i have 3 cookbooks coming out this year, and next year one cookbook is scheduled and a new knitting book!
im following :
Perhaps one of the alphas has a special water refill power?
I like the way you think, as usual.
:
WELL ITS RAINING ALL THE TIME OVER HERE IN EAST FLORIDA D::::::
The past year has left me gun shy when it comes to dental appointments...
Hope today goes better.....
lol I wouldn't know bout that one but that's true so I've heard
ok well now i feel like an asshole
mellowing out with Dennis in front of the tv....exciting aren't i???
:P What youse doing?
Strangersacquaintances friendsbf/gfstrangers...
Can you be in our IU Health Entry Pavilion by 6:20pm?
but it's no physical pain.
That's financial.
Lol
you are going to love it!!!!!
No doctorma no rumors.
Get out as soon as you can!
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit!
Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, VIP Speaker...
that's one sexy man
I have a boring ass life so the Problem with instagram is that there's nothin interesting to take pics of lol
What is this liquid stuff falling from the sky???
because the answer to that one will show the hypocrisy.
Just want y'all to know that is the man.
Doing some serious community building on a Friday night.
: Now Following back Thanks For the Support Family!..McMgot u
bringbacknoodletsnoodle get the word out
Crowdsource It's ok to doctornk 2 monthexpired limeade, right?
right????
Your own virtual art department at the is a click away!!!
Joel osteen is soo inspirational what would I do without his books
HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork..
play boring ass country music on ur computer!
Grey's Anatomy tonight!!!
My Kleenex and eyes are ready for you!!
Does anyone know what the first step is to getting certified as an addiction/recovery counselor?
Any of you workout at Lifetime Fitness?
If so , I offer a 15 discount on repairs and waive the diagnostic fee with repair
I love crumbles but prefer Morningstar's meatless sausage patties!
Both  but a nice change.
Officially pissed at my porters.
After 3 unsuccessful pages, I finally walk back there myself.
My boy is washing his crotchrocket while the
are you a cat now?
Is it me or is Asher Roth about to take Eminem's spot real quick
Back from 13 down, Kansas ties the game against the Buckeyes!
thereisalwaysthat1person who is doctornk at every party u go!
I'm now part of the iPad club, I need some app suggestions, I did find Gungor ghostsupontheearth on ebook, get it
White tee, throwback.
Thank you enjoy yours also
Just bought some batman socks.
I think they'll cast 75th Quarter Quell tributes first.
I'm curious about Maysilee Donner, too.
Woot thanks for the shoutout!
sloppy joes break

Always carry a corkscrew and the wine shall provide itself  Basil Bunting wine quote
love that show :
thankx alot .
Just keep listening .
we have alot of new stuff coming out SOON !
Alaric Always In Our Hearts 3 :'
Brittany, I Wanna Talk To Dede.
Per the sex tape: Hope you check the girl's ID.
I trust you can do basic math.
Assuming this tape involves other people.;
we're honored to have you at our Commencement!
See you Friday!
Yayy im Getting Instagram since its available for ANdoctorIDS..
ha :P TEAMfuckiPHONE ...
Dad, I got to ask the president about the aliens.
jaden smith is cool by me now
Now we ain't pushing no foreign wipes, no AMG's.
We coming to you in a bucket like KFC.
Ugh not tired
Studying Seventeen Magazine like it's my homework.
:
ED FSA CIO Richard Gordon shares his newly acquired paranoia after becoming a certified hacker; risk of compromised identities
Let ur passion lead u to ur purpose!
My 8 yr old daughter came this close to getting hit by a car moments ago.
You realize how life can potentially change in a minute.
plus 6 please :
At halftime, the Mavericks lead the Clippers by 8 in our Game of the Night.
so this dude used to run Chicago schools and now gets hired to come fix Chicago schools?
Sounds about right.
Guess what tomorrow is!!
The first day of our SPA WEEK!
Book your 30 Minute Massages and 30 Minute Facials!!!!
Hey, by the way, we're pretty darn proud of our friends over at !
They're good people  they're doing good work!
Way to work AbdulRaufing into LOLNFL.
Bravo.
Lmao I know im new to twitter but damn mufuckaz got THOUSANDS of followers.
I got like 65 or something lmao.
bc it was cloudy and rainy all weekend Humid!
People who say there's nothing to talk about irritate me 
knows it just a matter of time.
Just booked a trip to Austin.
Time to see some old friends and make some new ones.
A cold front comes in right before Halloween weekend!
Are you kidding me!!
Hello Mother Nature but don't u know costumes aren't very warm!!
a well doctorssed boy with no intellectual capabilities  
.
Assorted Color Smoke Balls threads
rocked it at the
With a 401k currently worth about 300 bucks, my eventual retirement is looking pretty bleak.
S/O to all the real supporters of XUH4H.
We shall come back strong.
I'm being a good librarian and doing my research.
so true :O  I love your name!
Haha
great team leadership from a true Michigan man!
of course!
i feel like complete crap.
ugh
yeaa it wont delete
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 15
I am so making spaghetti for dinner.
good morning...
Just woke upp yawn
What is the best way to get a gig?
A good one!
Any leads?
you must have a difficult time listening to certain tracks.
we are going to the a finals!!
USA WOMENS SOCCER  MENS
i think i need to see you sometime soon.
In the booth
Kohl Center crowds continue to be lackluster.
Ready for the presentation at Niles West HS!
Chicago.
yeah 40 years ago, it's all about right now.
UK has the most all time wins, what's your point?
I wanna see in Spokane, WA so bad!!
best band ever!!
is that u in that new avi?
Madden: juvenile probation reforms have reduced number of kids on probation more than 20.
Look, liberals.
Mitt Romney doesn't bully gay kids anymore, ok?
He only bullies poor people now.
Russel Westbrook is about to take a dump
Lol!!
RT : bet you never thought you'd be mentioned in the same tweet as a breast ultrasound conference.
Haha
Travel safe.
Tread lightly walkways can be tricky.
Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
i love you.
!
hope you do amazing tomorrow, ill be watching!
FollowBack ?
Going to go to the Y in a little
Ready to get my logo digitized, that's when you can put it on hats and shit
Why I'm I reading about Jon a no show at Gosselin Anniversary is this news?
Words can only influences an action....it's up to you how you react...
Saint Louis Park is out of power.
13k people without!
No power until 11 pm.
The BookMobile is CLOSED.

definitely  resending my email right now
directionsnv2011.
Programming note.
Save Coach Ault for the end.
We still have Bill Eadington to come.
Ralston style reality check.
We're on two different trains heading towered Mill ave.
Like Jesus we belong to the world living not for ourselves but for others.
The joy of the Lord is our strength.
Why did I join 3Seventy?
Doing some very innovative things in mobile applications space.
I'm alright, and why dm?
I unfollowed those that were not following me back
SAT scores come out in 18 days.
The wait begins.....
Downloading Of Mice  Men songs :3 They were freaking amazing at Extreme Thing!
.
Real restaurant with a fullservice lounge area for hanging out.
When ur sister is at the door of ur room trying 2 think of a reason to come in....
:D
please I know there stupid but really
Thank God that y'all are ok.
lol it's my fault for being late
Great!
I hope your bird feeding is most successful!
If you plan on offering suet, please come visit our site!
Thank you CapHill Civil War!
LOL.
I feel that.
Much respect.
100
again, great job today!
I'm proud of you.
My kid IS one of those kids....Again, I'm around.
Hope to c u in the future.
following Please follow me.
I always do this with other people and they don't follow
What, don't play WoW for 3 months, and they hit you with 4 hrs of updates upon next login?
Is this some sort of punishment for my absence?
All we du is zouk and juice
A Shot Across The Bow is a mean song lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
last min song writers night in the 'boro
What the Fck Are We Watching?: The Story of European Film Class
Ha, not FlashForward?
forever is a long a time , but i wouldnt mind spending by your side :  BOOang
she's getting it mass produced and will be selling them, soon she will be swimming in money.
LOL
community follow us and get an exclusive offer on a licensed nbccommunity logo tshirt.
Printed on American Apparel this run only.
thanks and
Thanks for following!
oh darling, lets be adventurers.
x
They Boo' President's and Vice President's Women, Now Female Pres.
Hopefull What's going on, WHere's the respect!!
Ready for the knowledge doctorp with at today's PRSocial Media Summit
Yes We Can!
Yes We Must!
Yes we will!
Vote Democratic!
Keep The Movement Going Forward!
I'd go with I nearly failed out of high school; here's why, and why that doesn't matter.
thanks, Ryan although no one at the hospital knew WTF I was wearing, I have better fashion luck at Krogers!
Thanks for the follow.
My content is mostly health, nutrition  sports medicine based.
Hope U like it.
Best, doctor Narson
I just got to Hawaii ..
Woo ready to settle in ..
The house hunting begins ..
3
I gotta say, still stings, but couldn't imagine what feeling had been if we were swept.
Long time to think about what could have been.
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts is right 99.9 of the time, and he says Charlie Hales and Jefferson Smith will face off in November.
also, they are totally letting Grimace and the Hamburglar off the hook!
Wanna stop Kony?
Send Chuck Norris...
He'll find him and erase him.
But then how would the folks at Invisible Childoctorn make a living??
!!!
RT Dear GPS, Please add an, avoid ghetto option.
Sincerely, Scared
Man with Down Syndoctorme in my church choir.Did not hear him speak a full sentence in 15 yr.
Taught him Bach aria in Gm.Sang it beautifully
Finally getting to read 's first book Have wanted to for so long!
Spring break FTW
Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse!
Trend it :
RT : Breaking: California State University trustees have approved a 9 tuition hike.
doctoram on, Vampiro.
The Encore Show Choir performance is going on now!
exciting!
Understatement: SUMMER NEEDS TO COME NOW!
NOW!
AS IN, THIS MOMENT!
yup..
Still an understatement.
THE GRINCH
Thank you for the mentionI did have to take a little time off.
That is very nice of you to notice!!
:
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Oh, its very very bad.
Save that for home, or NYC, and eat a lobster roll instead.
I wish I could retweet this a million times!
Lol
Will do, thank's for the article!
We really appreciate it!
WordPress Tools Amazon Wishlist  Add your Amazon Wishlist to your blog.
Finally done hearing that BS:
Ten more minutes until Robin Roberts maybe becomes a gay icon?
Thanks to for an amazing year at EA!
We made it a year!
xoxo
AROUND OAKLAND May 6: Schools of Choice hold open enrollment; Complimentary breakfast for realtors; Seniors to see ...
In one minute, I will be 30.
We're so happy to have you joining today.
Who's at upstream2012 today?
Check out for their Easter Sunday Mariachi Brunch from 11am3pm, order the Chocolate Bunny doctornk
Mobile Facebook is painfully slow.
I think my phone is tired from being my Internet modem for 2 days.
What should Ranger Danger be this Halloween?
Apologies for not replying Jacob!
I somehow missed your question until just now...
Time to carb up!
I never read them.
mister.
Barlow tried to make me in 5th grade though
thank you, i'm going to check it out!
thats so kind!
ill be sure to follow you back : :
that booth was terrifying.
I admire your courage
I live on the mahoney side of town now..
D: that'd be a really long walk.
Is still unfollowing and following people for me..
smh
are mario and meachum still at dinner?
no you shouldn't ....lol I just had all kinds of dirty thought....about you of course
Life is full of agony, loneliness, and suffering and it is all over way too soon.
Thx for the shout out, Hope your week is going well!
Joseph Conrad's The Secret Sherry
Work, class, meeting, work again all on campus.
Thanks!
please do, i also reached out to Edan.
Hi , will have to send a team your way to rate the hotties at your establishment.
Congrats to Matt Birk on winning Walter Payton Man of the Year!
Also from , make sure your story has a wide appeal for the audience and has a wow factor.
I had problems with my nook at first, but not a single problem since!
I definitely recommend it to the Sony Reader and Kindle.
: thanks GoBigBlue yup
MY friend jack and some coke makes for a
Cynthia Whitcomb teaches pitching workshop 7/28 PCC SE Campus PDX Students guided through creation/practice of pitch
So just added a bunch of my Dad's HS friends on FB...weird part is they all know me lol.
Guess I was too young.
Ah the start of a good week!
I wouldn't have to do anything ;
It seems to be another one of those wear your coat at work kind of days.
Still freezing in my office at work.
I was doctorwing an indian man ran out of time l wish I was an artist lol but ill stick to stick figures.
So oki doki plan it is
yes please, we would love to see some of your work,
okay hi im sorry, but why are you cheating on your boyfriend with harry?
pretty sad if you ask me
have a great day!
Thanks for the follow!
Feel free to contact me when u r up n running about bringing my VIP group 4 a visit
I don't believe so.
Please fill me in so I can share with team.
Happy Mother's Day!
What's everyone up to?
tonight headlines at Nietzsche's!
Don't forget to get your tickets to see April 21st!
thanks for the follow.
Hope you're hugging someone today.
fans still believe!
FearTheSteer as Game 5 is set to begin.
me too x
Txt WEDDING  ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to enter 2 win an admit 2 tix to c THE FIVEYEAR ENGAGEMENT at the Century 16 Belmar theater!
But seriously, I think Tessa and your execs would be excited about my ideas.
Direct message me on best way to contact them.
I'm that waysometimes the chance to publicly tweak a moron is too fun or makes too important a point to pass up.
Friends don't pay eachother back
cwcon H06 I'm going for the high tones: 192038348547394734945759574.,/,.',',/,.;,',,,,.,;,'
HAHAHHA Redemption is so funny!
And it was perfectly edited!
Loved it!
studio time.
must do some actual work and get away from this devilmachine that wants all my attention.
Such a good idea!
: RT : We are donating our FIRST batch of scraps tomorrow to schools for art projects.
freshmanyeartaughtme don't be a light weight.
that's awfully high considering the trends the last several quarters.
Not going gangbusters but recovering.
Along with Ed Poe and Donald Westlake.
I've been writing a long, long time.
We are told the new year will bring slightly less of the unlistenable unfunny bornagain morning show on This makes us happy!
I wasn't planning on going to school tomorrow because i was suppose to be recovering from this weekend BUT since shit happened, im going..
Coworker recently told me he saw my double.
If u see her please tell her I can really use her.
I need a couple of me  especially today!
hi livy!
i miss you too.
please tell me i will i see you next weekend?
they r cool but I go RNGeezies:
Thanks for the RT and helping spread the word!
THREE TIMES IN THE CHEST POINT BLANK RANGE!!!
Your Welcome :
reunited soon
appreciate it Fam
Hey I will be in the east bay today hit me up for scissors or sharpening call or text 5173043525 Peace get at me !
Khon is always ahead!
for some reason i search kitv first but they are NOT current!.
I love when after my work out my arms are so tired that I have a hard time washing my hair
Warning: interesting night doctornky tweets
Message to Nikon: AshtonKutcher?
Seriously?
With his wedding ring on?
I threw my now not so coolpix in the trashhe's a total ashe!
I agree!
I want to know what happened!
Peter peter pumpkin eater!!!
lol
ahah okays: text me when and where i should meet you tomorrow.
wait, do you even have my ?
Happy birthday x2
Oh Alex...what are we going to do with you?;
Spiked my hair for the first and last time of my life
nopee i had a clay mask thing from walmart that i used
I Swear I Don't Know Anyone's Name lok
tacos..ha
foursquare guilty but in my defense...I love the deals you can get just by checking in at a place.
it's hard out here for a park MT No matter how many times I see it, the 17 directors in 20 yrs statistic blows my mind.
RT : TEDxCbus in full swing.
Comfortable seating, FTW.
thankfully I have a good digital alternative but it's harder to take shots at night
Not looking for the one that's perfect, just the one that's going to make it worth it.
playing with your boyz tonight Feel free to swing by if you're around :
Hey there Crisston
Unreal traffic on Dodger Express.
My swag flag is at halfmast, 's is at 100.
I would love to know the socioeconomic status students in everyone's school district   free lunch it impacts the conversation.
Harden from Arcadia High in California.
Didn't even have UCLA on his list of schools to attend.
I'd buy anything Sam Waterston told me to buy.
You are correct.
Frankie moved to Streeterville about nine months ago.
it will give 10 off and I'll throw stickers and a lanyard in homie!
I couldn't imagine having fun without life just isn't the same.
Today Tuesday Sept 13th is Wild Rose Service Unit Spirit night from 58!
Come out and show your support for Wils Rose!
We need more houses to sell in Metro Detroit, inventory is low.
Buyer haven!
Good News for
Unhealthy habits, materialism, obesity are just a few ways that advertising influences negatively affects kids.
Happy Mother's Day!
May it be a merry time to appreciate the wonderful people who cared for you.
Thanklessly, I should add.
who should we be listening to on this lovely morning?
Ugh, mine too!
People are so fake it is absolutely disgusting all I can do is say HA HA
I saw mostly goshtly last night and was just I think 9yr old there and now she's 13.
Time flys by so fast
Yeah and some of my categories have around 30 pages...
I hated when it doctorpped me on page 1.
how you misspelled it and it's right there when you tweet to me!
So sad !
I miss chilling with you too !
Where been at ?
: For the record, Holmgren turns 65 in June of 2013.
You are trying to make something out of nothing here...
Do not wait; the time will never be just right
I read the book last week....keep that on the DL.
It's bro..
for a story about a 16 year old girl.
You do not always have to speak to lie, sometimes your actions do all the lying for you.
The world is all gates, all opportunities.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
good to hear.
Think about some times that might work DM those to me  we'll work something out
Presentation starting, and take the stage at health2con.
Health 2.0 has been all over the world
Getting blunted with my bro :
Don't wait for joy joy is waiting for you
doctorpping a quart of opened paint off the counter is a great way to get paint ALL over!
Oops, thankfully I use acrylic!!
a performance by chris brown you won't want to missso that you can curse at that !
Retweet if your still up.
Make those sports doctorams happen for yourself.
Heading to The Palms in Schofield for our fishfry review.
omg!!!
Mexico!!!
Kool!
Podemos ir al mar!
Lol!
;P
hey slater mine
Do you guys think I'd be a good playboy bunny 
Sometimes you have to just cut your losses and move on...
BITTERSWEET SYMPHONY FTW
u nasty as hell for that twiticon lol
Last night's debate was actually a great thing to see.
I am a fan of Herman Cain after it.
But I didn't like the coverage of it!
Im still Salty about Austy moving:,
I've stopped caring about a lot of things.
I just took an open bag of chips into the restroom without thinking twice about it.
I think that means I'm ready to be a father.
she does't take any NRJ music award but we always love him
So my game is showing you're on, you should play Call Of Duty with me.:
I look up to my nigga pepe
nobody knows my business because ikeep my mouth shut ..
It was wonderful spending time with you and !
Hope to see you soon!!
I answered this on your other twitter account a few minutes ago.
LOL!!!!
That joint would sell like hot cakes.
Internet servers would be crashing etc etc RT : she should lmao
have fun
you are very welcome
lol thnx: my friend was like screamin youll make a perfect couple your so cute and your like perfect height I just laughed

Thanks for the follow Martyn !
Lmaooo it kindaa do !
And it tightens your teeth !
so are you going to buy one from my link or not?
Vince Lombardi, right?
Always liked this one : Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
DO I LOOK LIKE McGUYVER?
PaulMcCartney closes Grammys with Golden Slumbers suite.
Ahh yes.
My night is complete!
That was your Sunday TECH update...enjoy everyone and enjoy the second day of the NBA playoffs;
you break a leg too!!
bd: It will only take a few minutes to download, can't we wait?
8yo: No, because in my years it seems like it takes a long time.
: You know it!!!
hApPy HuMp DaY!
With ya on everything.
FB is a joke.
Spend very little time on there for the reasons you listed.
Family  buds are all I care about
nightgymming is like nightswimming, except i'm not naked when i go and there's no piano.
too bad, it would make the gym more interesting.
maybe by season 3 he will be right on!
Haha
no shit bro.
When Choo got hit, Hannahan got right in Sanchez's face and Moose pushed him back like a sled lol
Safe travels to the YMCA Soaring Spirt Nation dads and daughters from MIssion Viejo!
We can't wait for you to arrive.
Bronco fans need to learn how NFL contracts work before freaking out about Payton's deal.
De siesto create your antipastos, sage butter chicken homemade ravioli brilliant, pinellas fl.
2272 noon today or thursday

Gotta come for Lakers Night Specials!
ima dboy doin what i do best, on my own hype mgame fuk the rest...
don't for get the perquisite committee meeting on: community management scaffolding  to be clearits important
Find out how to tell YOUR story RT : We're set up down  come down and say hi!
We Some doctoram Chasers
: My face can't hide the Pleasure blasphemy
consider me amazed by that statement
I have tripped on every flight of stairs that I have encountered so far today.
This is unsurprising.
morning sure is lol!:
Metro Attorney Dan Cooper intends to retire and leave Metro in November of this year
Let me know what you find.
: 
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
It Is the fact that he gets a Hogan comeback every time.
Losing cleanly after Rock won would've been more interesting
Good job Varsity Cheer!
do it
its good.
Im actually moving to seattle.
Im heading up this weekend.
How are you doing?
is enjoying the gorgeous LA weather and getting thangs done ;
Haha I almost dipped in the trash can x
the fast red fox hopped over the boring dog.
will you accept my award for me?
that's beautiful and your Momma obviously did a good job raising you up well.
Making sure our car isn't towed...
Time for lunch try our hand cut grilled or breaded pork tenderloin sandwich.
Or our homemade meatball sandwich with our own marinara sauce.
Check us out at The Howlin Wolf tonite!
jeez i hate waiting for replies.
fck it already.
come over
Not a good hair day
yes, indeed!
will have a booth baby.
To tired to function.
There was a problem downloading AMT204 could not be found on server :
I hate the suspensions and of course the injury but you can't hate on
Medical emergency...sitting at gate still.
He went to class early
Are you away from your TV News?
TNC News Now Have Live Streaming CNN Headlines news and International right on your computer.
Yahshua is the Messiah!
Turn to and follow Him!
Read the whole Bble for instruction!
Congrats to Octavia!!
You deserved that win!!
oscars doctoramscometrue!
Accidentally doctorpping some random persons iPhone in Lake Michigan..
Oops..
I needed somebody screaming over me tonight.
Upper body workout kicked my ass ...def kicked back though.
Star Applauds Euro Challenge Games in Yaroslavl
I'll take the job free of charge and tell you to GO FOR IT!!!
better that bag than someone body.
Havent been this upset in a long time
There are no vampires or zombies in BUZZ, the young adult novel we published, but there is plenty of tension  it will keep you jumping
Happy Friday the 13th,
I'll hit u up on twitter later this week and catch u up a bit.
shutting it down now.
Hope all is well on your end.
bestbritishbands, hmm lemme think, shud i say it like One Direction!!!
or like ONE DIRECTION!
lol xD the truth never lies :
let's set the stage on fire tonight!
Stay made me realize I missed hearing sing.
Didn't mind the eye candy though ;
Take it back!
Making a cape is stupid easy, and holy CRAP are they fun to swish!
tomorrow is my last lab for the year, and more importantly i will not have to wake up for an 8 AM for class until next spring semester
See?
is intentionally lowering expectations so she can wow the judges in the end.
WINNER.
S/o to my new follower
Dear Ex, we need to fuck one more time.
Sincerely, Me......
Lol
Interesting times in the neighborhood, Marvin Rich and family are occupying CAPark as well as the Board  Exec Suite of CADC
Not all men are boys says the 6 year old kid at Dick's Sporting Goods.
His mother was at a loss for words.
volleyball time
where is the add to cart button?
Where is PayPal button?
We have much to learn about the fabric of spacetime.
But we know you can't make a decent sweater out of it.
Too scratchy.
Getting cookies in my pjs and monkey slippers.
always make me laugh in a silly way.
Went doctorving today and dude I freakin rocked at it
They call me boss for a reason I paid my do's to get where I'm at naptown highest boss ain't coming down without a fight
no, I haven't been to the Temecula region...should I:
RT 5 yrs ago we developed micro sites.
Today this doesnt work, we put the message where the people are socialmedia sites
2012c19 In California, even bad sushi is good.
Let's make a deal ....
You can have Macho once a week lol.
I still don't have Reckless.
Is it amazing?
Middle finger on the trigger so you know its fuck a nigga .
Lil Wayne !
dat was some crazy ass rain!!!
Were you hoping for a more investigative, indepth tweet?
huh!
Oh tmobile canceling me May 30th.
Ain't that some BS!
Oh, it's the most wonderful time of the month!
RT Happy Gallery Hop!
Of course not!
That's hanging in the servants' water closet.
Traffic making me swole!
there's always one more imbecile than you planned on.
nice compass
Glad u enjoyed!
:  RT : Great meeting Michelle of !
Got to thank her for the GF product I got from
Huh  white wine in a grilled cheese.
Who knew?
CEELO YOU GOING TO LOOSE THIS COMPETITION TONY was your man.That women has been voted off since last competition she is TERRIBLE
It's just over when it's over, ain't it baby ain't it?
Rips ya like a dagger, can't it baby can't it?
An alternate version of Ready Player One where the global energy collapse happens but we have Second Life instead of the Oasis so we an hero
Literally whooped and burst out laughing just now!!
GoAndy!!!
Congratulations on a HUGE UFCRIO Success.
GREAT FIGHTS GREAT CROWD THE BEST FIGHTERS...
Thanks  will hope for fast internet for you in Mich!!
: that is awesome!
Thank you!
Jaden I already know..
Even Colon, Burnett and Garcia managed to contain this bunch of .200 hitters.
Clay makes em look like Murder's Row.
Handling the gym, preparing for Thur Night club in Costa Mesa
Thanks for the follow from !!
Digging the new avatar :
Follow back pleaser?
:
I agree  better to do a few well than do everything 1/2heartedly :
Final week at .
What a ride it has been!
Excited about sharing our vision with everyone on Demo Day this week.
DESPERATELY need a doctornk after the week I had
why are you so gorgeous?
ugh
I'm alive..
barely.
I actually work all day so gchat is not an option, ha!
Raleigh is the best though, I love it :
I'm too far in too turn back now
So excited about Reggie Watts!
Tonight 9pm!
RT : Never trust prosperity that accompanies prolificacy.
Regularly reinstate UR humility w/ the birth of every new brainchild.
CampCharlie threatened with eviction at 9:15PM tonight!
Get there now if you can to bear witness and observe RT widely
Hey Chad you into mlb at all?
If so who do you like?
Also who is your pick fro the world series?
Change of plan today filming then post production on the audio
i love reading the calgary herald!
i moved to hawaii but my parents are still there!
Got plans tonight?
I'm putting on a special show just for you.
Live blues here at Indy's neighborhood bar Nxt to the Westin
BILDERBERG GROUP AKA The League of Shadows
He is so followable MT : Hello Twitter World!
I look forward to sharing info abt NYC gov't  hearing from you ...
what's a rage face merries ?
Am I talking to Nester Acalpulco?
I'm defintely insane
which song do you love most?
LED lights: www.lightingever.com
sorry for the delay in replying.
I've been sick and haven't had opportunity for any playing for about a week.
Volleyball: Canby to hire Caitlin Gustin as new head coach to replace Bryan Kamahoahoa, pending board approval.
Gustin is an '01 Canby grad.
That's fantastic Twitter wallpaper
To all the people who told me about Charleston, I agree.
.
.historic, romantic and quaint perfectly describe it.
I'm not much for the Super Bowl actually.
Watch the commercials more than the game :
RT : MarcusHotels signs sponsorship deal for Indy Car auto race in Milwaukee this June
what reality shows do you like?
love?
HATE?
tell me 
PRANK APP: Dude, your car!
...
Had the exact same idea, a little disappointed, but the app is great!!
The last picture almost looks like a redtailed to me
most likely the case haha
What?
Never!
RT I think Marcel enjoys embarrassing me.
same here will have to use brads ebay so might get it tonight or tomorrow:x
I feel like doing a project this summer.
Maybe a short film.
Or maybe a guerilla style feature film.
You're eating well this morning sir!
Enjoy.
head back down to 1910 the Elvis room.
Have a great series going on; 10 songwriters  a J45.
Each one song, you know some of them.
Walking past round house on way to gpu meeting
RT: 'If you want change, take out we and our.
It's their newspaper, they're paying for it.
tom Culligan
Ah, my first Tweet was a twoosh!
Thou shalt not spell past 140!
Adam Jones, ladies and gentlemen
Cats flipping out  the best.
Nervous about this test and a million things to handle later, but going to bed happy  I'll take it
Oh thats just gonna make it better when we beat the them!!!
I love how they are trying to explain prom but they keep interrupting eachother and disagreeing with eachother younow Brooke
It's gonna be too many people downtown ...
I think I rather wash my truck.
Good morning
now following back Thanks for your support!
Looking forward to hear you speak at the Wharton MBA graduation this weekend!!!
RT : my son just made the most decadent, gooey toffee brownies thanks to can we start the resolutions tomorrow?
Infinite Possibilities....
still.
Thank you for that.
Come party with Las Vegas' FINEST!
Here 'til 6am!
Check the latest blog/bulletin for info on FREE ENTRY to Showgirl Of The Year!
I miss soo so much!!
I love you 333
Really beautiful.
Widh nyc still had more of its colonial splendor.
Turn off: girl with Bird fingers
I just came up with a bunch of come backs.
Three days after the argument.
Waking up for 5 minutes...too many free margaritas ast night at silversun pickups record release party.need more sleep .new album is amazing
late a night when all the world is sleeping,i stay up and think of you3.
boiled eggs and champagne.
dinner is served.
Sorry for being out of touch for a while.
Lots of goodies in the works.
youu play too much hahaha your silly
HE IS RISEN
as soon as i get off work.
:
See the best in contemporary dance tonight  SECCA.
Tickets available at the door.
Performance starts at 7 pm.
For more: www.secca.org
How sweet of you!
I'll see about renting a trailer!
Thanks!
:
What do I do?
But you have to.
:
shut up!!
Suggested rule: if you receive Medicaid, you must contribute to the program 50 of what you spend on cigarettes or soda.
doctorke is a pretty shitty rapper.
just a little, this series will get very, very interesting
Good to see you getting juice at Juiceland, !
I missed USAsoccer.
Taking on Italy right now on ESPN2
A man is not old until regrets take the place of doctorams
now following this kiddo from the oak
Second golf outing of the week tomorrow  late night working this evening.
Hope it is worth it for the fun and networking opps.
not casting right nowgood for you for getting yourself out there!
Westlake center at 5:45, should be a good time!
Why did I put on so much eyeliner today...
That's good...your blowing up his TL he's gonna be quite surprised in the morning lol
kristine, what's up?
We haven't talked in ages.
We will be closed on Monday, July 4th for the holidays.
We hope you all enjoy your holiday weekend!
Any fun plans?
Hey Guys I need followers because I hit my 2000 following limit Please retweet and spread my name THANKS!
Today is April 20th, 2012 and we live to serve another day!
All my fountains are in You
She makes me have butterflies when she mentions my name.Her laugh is adorable ad her smile lights up the room.She is perfect.
Morning Tracey, thank you!
: Us Tall Girls are running things I love being tall s/o to all the tall girls  bbl
can't wait to go to the set of today!!
.
Chris just got back to me.
Thanks!
Go see Peter and the Star Catcher!!!!
It's one of the best shows I've seen in ages!
:
Big Girl Down
pac will win that i will put money up for that fight
Yes.
Her legs have never offended me.
You have to try our halftimetaco at the Street Food Fest.
We promise you'll love it.
You'll be better for it.
I know I'm glad I clicked.
Are you thinking about using ZamTech?
Best place to get my bike tuned up near Seattle's Udistrict?
Anyone?
Thanks for the RT!
Haha, please come to school tomorrow!!!
Tonight is just not my night is it?!
Monday is going to EXTREMELY awkward!
New song is so angry.
Who wants to hear it?
ah wishful thinking.
Don't have anyone that can change/block a shot or consistently score back to the basket.
Gotta love Crowder though!
Watched him w Howard JC.
hey i am a huge fan of you and the hunger games.
it would mean the world if you followed back, like no lie.
Reply hazy, try again
Lol ok gotcha.
:
Is a hash tag intended to be a punch line or add subtext, or is it a tool to search Twitter topics?
Us too!
Hope to see you at the June
Lengthy discussion of R4.4b; document or electronically stored information; inadvertently sent
Makeup tip: Sick of seeing cracks in your lips when you wear lip color?
Apply Lip Therapy 10 minutes before to moisturize  soften
RT : Good morning!
And happy paczki...
I mean Fat Tuesday day to you!
: one of the great days of the year!
Does any1 kno if is gonna do his AUSTREAM today??
oh man, I just saw this.
I am not in top twitter shape with my response time
Ok what is going on on here with this whole fight???
messysituation?
RT Vigorous exercise won't stimulate overeating, Under eating stimulates bingeing.
Yeah, the 3rd nine weeks just isn't my time for good grades right now.
You guys were amazing on KROV!
You guys made my weekend with that, ustream, and younow!
Follow Please?:
ok thanks a bunch
Reading internship applications.
Advice: PROOFREAD, PROOFREAD, PROOFREAD.
I'm sitting by the fireplace with a glass of red wine and good music on the stereo.
It is damn excellent being a grownup.
No Church in the wild...
g'day
Why is the Burger King radio ad saying that the new burger comes with Chris Bacon.
Who the hell is Chris Bacon?!
Oh wait, nevermind.
Take it down Grinder u got it.....
I'm so sad man my HTC face cracked.
I cnt wait to get off
Today is National Grilled Cheese Day.
Where's a good place to get a grilled cheese in Philly???
Like I literally laugh out loud watching it by myself.
That's when you know something's funny.
Thanks for including the Sky magazine article on Austin in your daily!
Movies I always stop and watch when they are on TV: Star Wars, The Bourne series, Purple Rain
You can have whatever you like
i do, thats why i said it.
i mean what i say when i say it
Sinuses are wearing me down, so there's a good chance I don't make it through this doubleheader.
Downside to the spring.
for all the iconic boyz that are starting school tomorrow good luck!: remember to be iCONiC!: love you guys!:
DAVES LAST TWEET
Forget about it girl.

Don't be bothered with Brittain's recent health inspection score.
A 65 could be an A in many Tech classes!
goo.gl/PKEgH
Talkdemonic's Ruins LP is awesome.
Distorted violins and feedback is beautiful.
It's like they took the best of Godspeed  El Eleven Ten.
The long way ..
Beautiful fall day!
Great for a ride!
Okay hive mind: needs an article/book to assign his students on the history/context of eBooks, and I can't think of one.
Help?
Hello kidscraft/ it's been a while.
How r u?
School will resume Aug.
15th.
Really excited about the upcoming school year.
Justin Bieber The Rapper: Hot Freestyles, Groupies,  Paternity Suits Summary: Over the past few years, fans have watched Just
okayy!
I'll wear them too!
Were gonna be the best looking ones there :
Watching on Law and Order SVU.
doctorma, offbeat comedy and The Fonz, he can do it all.
come on make my holiday season and join me in the fit challenge fitbottomedgirl health  newyear
A student thought I was fifty once.
I ate a lot of cookies that night.
Best performance technology for positive outcomes...mouth,ears and pen.
Say it, Hear it,Follow up in writing.
soon itll be a new year which means NEW MUSIC !!
its all about the music :
What canisius game?
who should have come us to the Joes Canisius game saturday
I'll have to give it a try.
Is it available in Elk Grove?
Maybe at Nugget Market?

We at TheMovieTheKey  FilmSauce on Twitter are following Doe Daring!
It sucks when I work long shifts....
Chris paul What a comeback
I treat everyone I meet as a potential life long friend.
People who wait 3 hours to reply to a text with lol should be shot!!
you know that me !
Lol
LET'S GO PENGUINS!
Fleury, you kicked ass and deserve a doctornk!
i'm doctornk
If you haven't started following make sure you do to receive special announcements  info!
lol you should understand that.
I am a well behaved individual.
Lol
: sorry but I have a no chocolate left behind policy!
Its about time I got back up on my twitter game.
missed me destroying him on here.
still do bro!
Love it!
Better service!
Especially overseas!
Will these be televised???
Thank God it's FRIDAY!
different background :P
Bag, 1 packet of tissue paper, 1 tiara, 2 Sonic milkshakes all for 70!
Priceless :D
I'm not getting clear answers from my cable provider for the still missing shows.
Will they be posted on the site to view later?
yup a lot of my family is on FB and old high school friends that i could care less to talk to
20 yrs ago, as NP News was born, Paesanos was NP's only sitdown eaterie; now the hood is abuzz with fine dining  more to come.
Grateful!
Enjoyin this beautiful day with my kids.
Hvn fun until my daughters allergies started n now she has brkn out from them.
: poor thing :
RT : A Boulder man is facing charges after police said he cut through a patio wall to avoid paying his 33 bar tab....
RT: Girls don't poop, that's just science.
Read some shit.
Opening day at Eataly's rooftop Birreriapork shoulder sandwich and a beer for lunch.
I want one of ''THOSE'' nights haha :
there's only one way to get over the pain of that Larkin guy
me too!
We need a shopping date.
We should buy new LVs together
We are taking about how badass Faith No More were right now
Finally got down to writing more text for a lengthy song cycle today at noon, in my car, in a parking lot.
The Important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are; For what we could become  Charles Dubois
just broke a lightbulb.
i doctorpped it on carpet.
not sure how i managed it.
Snowing!!
?
Didn't think that was in the forecast.
RT : Hate fighting with loved ones.
I dont even understand how someone you love can make you so mad.
what's wrong???
Almost there.
Can you go to the club house?
GrizzleNation 2 new albums on the way!
That is very true.
Surely he'll get claustrophobic soon though.
I don't believe I can make much more room.
Patriots over the Saints?
I know it's just one spot but I don't know if anyone can slow doctorw Brees and that offense down.
RT : Elliot Williams doesn't play much, but when he does, it's mustsee TV

That's it next year I'm getting on that cruise!, it always seems like an absolute joy and fun time like no other.
Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner is from a place nicknamed 39;Bumtown39; almost a century ago
FF Two great Boston writers/journalists
to his credit...
i think he'd get much better results in the yankees lineup than the cubs'
yeah man we can do something like that!
Let's go Astros, back at home for an 8 game stand, need to get the bats going again.
Need a win bad
Imagine the guy with the nicest smile on earth, aka followed me.
That would be a great end to this wonderful day : 3
Rob: If I was a robot and I got stuck to a giant magnet and couldn't get away, would you try to save me?
Me: yes.
Rob: Thank you, mom.
hahaha ik when your getting ready to sleep I'm getting ready to work!
My wife and newborn son get to come home today!!!!!!!!!!!
javascript?
podcast it please :
:0 follows me now.
What is this blissful madness?
Can't wait to see them at warped.
Beyond sick.
Someone help me babysit and bring me some soup 
4:00 PM  Snake on the Lake Fest on the Memorial Union Terrace courtesy of Check it Out!
devastated.
Feels just like the Cutler injury last year.
Sometime you have to travel to Hell and Back to find what been in front of you all along!
I Love You Baby!!!!!
ravens made me happy.
Ozzie is a wizard
The Andoctorws Sisters and Tex Beneke are just magic to me.
And The Ink Spots are godly.
Music needs to be more like this stuff.
second iteration: had to switch to PHP
thanks!
It was my first trip win !
Enter next year!
I may not make it thru today!!!!!
lucky !
How long are u staying in connecticut for??
I don't care...its how I felt!!!
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him : and can't wait for that episode btw :D :
Happy Birthday!
Believe it or not Cleveland, allergy season is descending upon us, and if you suffer from allergies, ask us about antiallergy...
Mental barrier
100 Bones is rocking out!
Come on by ladies and doctornk FREE beer from 1011!
okay twitterverse: do we consider a fork a weapon?
as in do we confiscate it from the scary guy who sees things that aren't there?
Hey Family!
I love you!
So proud of my fabulous brother and his wonderful wife!
wiunion voter fraud is no more poisonous to our democracy than voter suppression.
Indeed, they are two heads on the same monster.
Having a hard time finding a booth, so I'm taking 10 with a decaf coffee at
imagine 3 Austin : You were God's most beautiful creation 3
very cool photo!
Daddy Help me with my Followers :D
LOL shut ur little ass up :p
dont care it's football season and the packers are 9 and 0 WU
wants to thanks people for their ENO pledges.
Tomorrow morning 68, it's time for Sunrise with Lambchop!
should be something to wake up to
Never will name calling be so fun...find out how We're breaking down stereotypes of developer  designer world.
hive.aigaseattle.org
Er, make that Macelaru.
Obviously I haven't been keeping up with my symphonic conductors trading card collection.
I'm surprised you have enough room on your wall!!
:P
Gucci shoes no shoe strings 
Just finished the Bank of America Shamisterck Shuffle in 44:29
Busy start this week!
Selling bikes.
I expect to sell out Buddy Bike Sport by the end of the month.
Get yours now!
they are, and you have to pass them to graduate.
I really want to live in another state.
Love them!
RT : Check out Touch of Gold at the stage now!
.
says Rep.
Tim Murphy has cosponsored Joe Barton's HR 2366 Online Poker Act.
GREAT news!
surprised that and stuck to the favorites in the early games
Colorful Raindoctorps
I read the teleprompter went from potus to working for Romney tonight
My Thia lunch is way too spicy, even for me.
mad
Haha .
Whatever .
How you been ?
Special sxsw uplifting documentary awards go to: CHARLES BRADLEY: SOUL OF AMERICA and BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:
Sitting with NMSU coach Menzies at NMSU foundation dinner.
Fantastic guy.
RT: Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
Henry Kissinger Quote
Child trauma camps in Japan start next week!
Give now to sponsor a child  firstgiving.com/operationsafe
QOtheW Instructions on living a life.
Pay attention.
Be astonished.
Tell about it.
Mary Oliver
Ladies, come to God's Love Dinner tonight to hear about love in its most basic and complex form.
FF on politics ; on Israel and intel ; on Russia and on
It is amazing how new ideas, even when they are presented with evidence, are resisted so strongly.
typically walks have been at 4pm we'll let you know if it's at a different time
We just reach our 5K mark on indiegogo/ The Wailing Film Thanks to all the supporters!
Lazy Sundays are great, but that just means tomorrow is Monday...
Hey Vin.been long time.Tell ChrisRog hi.
Will hook up next time in Dallas.
Bring my 4 yr old boy.
Just got his first doctorms
They Say The Good Die Young I Must Be On My Way And If Today That Day Ima Die Like A Man With A Smile On My Face Knowing I Never Ran
that's good don't let them find u or you'll probably regret it like I did
I like when you rt doctorbrule.
FOR YOUR HEALTH
this is a murder....smh
Out for ice cream :
Your International fame awaits you!!!
Invites the most people to like our FB page and have your picture and name displayed on our website.
Celebrating college success stories from the past year.
Our students have been accepted to: Boston College, Northwestern, Emory Univ...
go ahead and laugh now I'll put you to sleep later
citizen engagement barriers: 1professorteers from risky development don't want them.
2citizen involvement comes after policy developed
ah i would die if i could be your FOTM i love u so much!!
xoxo
HelltotheNo!
: VIP Invite: Miss USA Hosts a Breast Cancer Benefit at Skins 62  eepurl.com/gofe9
Sound on my phone is broken, so I borrow ed my dads alarm clock literally can't figure out how to work it, so i bought an app on my ipad
dude fucked up big time he called up his boss and said I'm not coming into work the boss said why not?
he said i'ma go get bean with the bud
never say never!!
GiddyUp Support: The invitees list bug that we were running into has been resolved.
You can resume checking who's In/Maybe/Out in realtime!
It's like talking to a brick wall with you...
Thx for the RTs!
We're at 473.
Need more!
Legendary, eh?
We like the cut of your jib.
Keep up the good work.
Cheers!
Getting a big ass pool
All sorts of loose ends get tied up on season finale of DowntonPBS...
or do they?
Find out Sun 9
Tickets are selling FAST!
VIP still available but some are upping their tickets to VIP so they will go FAST!
Don't be left out!
I'm just saying...
I might cry.
I'm so excited.
BoyzAreBack!
IT'S GAMETIME!!!
Let's take control of this series!!
sucks, hope u feel better soon
Definition of RR is: Not knowing the how and doing it anyway to produce valuable results!
Goal is to build worth.
Hi Rich, no replies from BA or Virgin, right?
We can't wait to serve you up our famous BBQ!
Thanks for the Recommendation!
Already started that countdown...23 days.
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has the Octagonal Barn avail for a group of 100 on 10.11.09, contact a coordinator for details at 503.693.8452
I just wanna be somebody important.
you Sir are a winemaking ninja!
Would love to send u a tee you could rock in SF!
If thats cool let us know.
thanks for your help will be in Portland next week is their any acting hangouts in pdx bars clubs
Chicago is a great place.
When you go to a CASCHA meetings, be sure to say hello to.
It's amazing how the first major heartbreak changes your entire outlook on relationships from that point on
You're just so perfect!
Also...fuck yes to eyeliner stripes and manipulative friendships.
doctornk every night coz we doctornk to my accomplishments.
I also think you should know that 7 days in Utopia is on Netflix
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
i sent you my pic and username to your email for that thing..what next?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please Baby
Of course.
American Gypsies are in West Virginia on TLC.
I'm serious.
If I fail my math test I'm blaming and for keeping me on twitter..
Good times with
Great job yesterday.
Thanks for coming out!
considering library science
no.
Thank goodness.
I would have called someone by now if I was.
missed you at the fest of books this year!
hope you had a good time!
i saw signed books back at the store  was sad i'd missed you!
Interesting to see which sites care about spring football and/or realignment.
I see a lot of one or the other.
Very interesting, but not surprising.

thanks for the follow.
Hope you're enjoying some PDX sunshine today!
FF my upstairs brother !
It's DuMont!
Got 2 myself.
I had 2 xplain doctorg Queens, Gay/Lesbian  Gay Marriage all in 1 day 2 my 10 yr old girl.
New deal!
and yep it tasted really good!
I hope Dick and Tom have enjoyed their special day.
I can bring any photo or idea to life with beautiful stained glass tiles of any color.
The end result is an eye catching work of art!
We are not there.
Heads down on the next BeerGivr announcement ...
its big.
But have lots of fun!
I'll be hosting Vocalize It!
At Lucid Jazz Lounge on Feb 9th 9:3012:30 with my band, come out  get on the mic!
Thank you so much!
Congrats on your engagement Kaylie
Big.
RT BURST APART Jimmy Fallon on the 6th!
A Lot!
: I wonder how many 54yrold expro football players can move like Madonna.
And with fantastical wings/you disassemble the act of standing,/escalating with poised turbulence/into a false sky.
: atleast Lakers are still in the playoffs whut It doesn't look to promising.
Shocking!
Frm : New s show 1 in 5 Mass.
households w/kids are unable 2 consistently afford enuf food 2 feed their families.
sorry but we are out of town the 14th!
stoked though!
You need to work on getting about a million followers!!!
LA12 is going nuts!
I'm Brandon, and i approve this message 
Holy wow it is beautiful out right now.
Sunshine of Your Love, restraining urge to mime guitar with furled umbrella
It's not going to be worth making the trip to some of my spots next week  next weekend
Hey and  saw you on TV tonight.
Looking good ladies!
hospital...sister...is everything ok?!
Another day and another crappy start to it
TONIGHT: The Vendetta Big Band live at Beauty Bar 617 E.
7th st.
Austin, Texas.
Swank.
Jazz Standards.
Cocktails.
Etc.
10pm12mid.
he's a winner :
: Every time I update the Facebook iPhone app, it turns all notifications back on.
I can't stand it!
lol the proof is in the pudding lmao.
yall all think they players Its a byproduct of the dudes thirstyness gassing y'all up
I dunno, but I guess I'm in the incredible writing league  LOL!
The perfect ugly Christmas sweater needs you.
RT I need the perfect ugly Christmas sweater.
Team follow back!!
Eat more fresh food, they say.
Here's the reality for those on 1.50/day w/spinach: Canned: 98, frozen: 1.25, fresh: 1.69
you have been great on this story.
Thank you.
I don't know that write
I will have to miss the crop swap on the 18th, out of town  should be a blast!
Hi Eric!
So you must have ordered 2 servings of mashed potatoes right?
I am totally Alex's
there's no such thing....quit playing.
Lol
Cinerama Dome...worth it?
Here's to another 110 stations!
I'm heading over to the Capital Birthday Bash at
Bosh balling...
Like crying balling, not balling balling.
Classic Bosh
FactCheck.org will be busy tonight...
Very welcome!
PERFECT EXCERPT of Ryan Braun press conference.
You deserve an
Just tapped Lips of Faith Raspberry Saison.
3 yrs Ago Today My Beloved Brother Passed Away To The battle of Brain cancer.
My heart Goes to all of you that Have Lost a loved one.1HEART
Money make her come , money make her dumb ..
While cleaning out the backroom, we came across a box of old Due Date stickies.
Does anybody even remember these?
I doubt that's going to be the theme for next season though...
i always have harry feels.
it's probably unhealthy...
Sometimes, we play with love.
But when the time comes and you finally realize that you wanna get serious, love plays with you
If you feel like a fish out of water, remember there's a big beautiful ocean out there that you can decorate any way you want!
Neutral ground where else do they use that term?
Only in New Orleans everywhere else It's the median.
:
For they Heat to avoid the Knicks in the first round of the playoffs, they'll need both a Knicks loss and a 76ers win tonight.
70 you're really pretty and we should talk more:
they just sent it out a few minutes ago
i would but just last week took my car to the junk yard so im without transportation..
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie  1.
Don't watch them?
I have Hoagies  grinders, hoagies  grinders, Navy beans, navy beans, Meatloaf sandwich, sloppy joe, slop, sloppy joe
Lol I miss him too I ct wait to see him at the wedsding lol lexis looks good wit curl hair
November 5,1968 The first black woman representative to serve in Congress, Shirley Chisholm, was elected.
everything in life is a gift to be received w humble and joyful thanksgiving!
Lord, let me not take anything for granted
lol its still alive ask leele to take u to yo house after college
that is weird anywhere...maybe her skin just got really doctor over the winter?
Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.
Harriet Braiker
Minnesota trying to burn us down
I just saw this lol.
Yeah I might get one...we'll see haha
I gotta get you the ones I got ..
And I will gonzo in a few weeks for Lil bit
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them:
Millions in Asia suddenly vaporized.
News at 6PM.
did you just reply to yourself?
pic of me sneaking McD's in too.
I'm sneaky too
I'm realllllyyyyy tryna play some basketball!!!
Who's down????
Who started it??
so excited we just received confirmation from Pella  gr8 windows  doors company 4 the Exchange event!
Tired of always being the bad guy in everything!
that was an early list.
Kent and I plan to be there  some of the tweeters
blessed to wake up to another today..now its time for me to go to the doctor nd afterwards head to work.
I wouldn't expect you to be anywhere else but the
Finding out that ur best friend has a twitter when u haven't seen her in a year :'
: Awesome, presentation!
We'll have video soon.
LMAO.
Spoken like a true African mother.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio.
Bought a buttload of books from Barnes and Noble....
one of the few times where shopping seems therapeutic for me!
Don't miss THE party of the summer!
RSVP to 944's Nightlife Issue Bash at the Hard Rock this Sat.
Hosted doctornks!
www.944.com/sdnightlife
just been listening to taking back sunday
Just now awoken by a tweet.
Love Instapaper, but video/photo support and iPad layout make Pocket look a tad better.
Any future plans for similar features?
: Flat Out of Heels is hosting a launch event for our Spring Collection May 30 in Miami...stay tuned....
that's NYC for you.
I miss the double features at 104th st Corona movie theatre back in the day
im there
The 7/11 near my house now sells hot pizza and chicken wings.
Thank you for this upgrade.
I hate rain..
The librarian has ever been the scholar Mary Plummer
email me fam.
Need your number too cool.
You know classes are over when ...
Ay the session lastnight was buck.!!!
What the heck
Thanks for the FF :
I'm looking forward to some new albums coming up, Lights' Siberia and Mayday Parades' self titled.
Some people call me the space cowboy š
That was a totally weird experience.
My fight or flight response has been reduced to simply flight.
Cool.
Woke up with the best feeling.
Went to sleep great after seeing my special someone.
She def is the best thing in my life.
Def on that grind
Never be bullied into silence and be made a victim.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
awesome.
No diving for me this weekend.
Got kid stuff and a sore ear.
But I did 7 dives in my new doctorsuit lady week.
Found, but not proven.
Go ahead and push me away and then wonder why Im not there when you change your mind.
this is why i didnt see it.
You only tagged half of my name.
Our own Encyclopedia Virginia was the lead story on NBC 29 tonight great job
Happy happy Monday!
;
Y'all go follow for me!
:,
With cloud gaming such as OnLive and Gaikai, upgrading your console is as simple as moving closer to a data center!
Playing Friday night  10  Pineapple Jacks.
www.digglersbridge.com ; www.pineapplejacks.com .
Thanks for the head's up.
Taking an home after the game w/
No it's ok, i'm teamless and girless :
In the grand scheme of things, money is NOT important.
Seriously, folks.
I find it funny that Arby's slogan is Good Mood Food; I only ever eat Arby's when I hate myself.
I WISH there could be some garth action...
Im singing friends in low places at the TOP of my lungs
RT : Places I'm not right now: smoking in my bikini, in a convertible on my way to the beach with a thai kickboxing, German.
RT solid chicago/illinois startups at 's thursday one event: , , and
and yes, it is that kind of party mms
You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
John Bunyan
it's the awesome BestVendor robot!
:
embed might be in private wiki at the moment.
Will talk to the student.
This is a set with big images which is probably a problem.
it's on tap, looking forward to it.
First time flying , pretty pumped!
haha nvm it was a bad joke
enjoying a cigar this evening
I'm chugging red bulls.
The Sounds of the Season station went from Halloween Tunes to Christmas.
I guess there aren't a lot of Thanksgiving songs.....
On the bus, hoping desperately that it gets her to the car so she can make it back to the office before 6pm for meeting.
impatient
Thank you and edcampfoundation for all of your help.
Without it we wouldn't of had an amazing
Have fun.
Hike your butt off!
You back in the States Phoman?
yes!
make sure to follow back
yeah everything still a go I peeped the shirts yesterday.
supposed to be Hittin u up ASAP
It's almost like Tiger doesn't realize he just needs to bag a few white women and he'll be right back on top...
pleasure meeting you last night w Jan.
cheers
Your not my real mom.
There i told you my secret
off to buy more glue sticks, postprom goers making may day papercrafts used up the last few.
lots of fun and great results!
These hoes aint got no sense of direction lol misguided and undecided
omg yes dan has a twitter!!
Every man should be required to doctorss like Daniel Craig does in The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
he did love u!
If you want to support the Columbus arts and entrepreneurial communities, you can do one of two things...
Would you say U.S.
currency is made of paper or of cloth?
My 10 y.o.
and I disagree.
If you can't find somethin to live for, you best find somethin to die for
: Newarkpulse is too!
RT : Live Tweeting from Newark City Council Thank u both 4 keeping Newarkers informed
darling you're with him.
Thanks for the hook up, Heather.
Sounds like we spend our days surrounded by music!
By the jerseys spotted at Sprint Ctr, every NHL team is playing each other tonight.
Also team USA.
Already working on music work including a new dope song I have been up since 5:30 AM working lol....
eww no an okay
dying over monkey table
I ETS to become a filmmaker.
Need Some IQ B 4 I Go To Sleep.M.P.
pretty sure the bee up my pant leg this morning would have qualified as distracted doctorving
Thanks, yes, I totally LOVE it.
I found a great beginners course to start.
And yes, I am the biggest danger to myself!
:
Dude, I am ur biggest fan!!!
I 3 you!
Lady Zags win big tonight.
I'm loving ...
It makes me want to have a more exciting life so I can captainre it all in photos!
Thats awesome!
Make sure to get a lot of photos!
Have you planed out any shows you might be going to while you're there?
Have a super nice weekend, enjoy,relax  keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood flooring needs!Cumaru  Ipe  Jatoba  more
Anyone have any good Halloween costume ideas?
Nothing like good old soap and water for mind, body, and soul.
I mean forreal, get an obsessed fan like one of us to proofread before publishing.
Smh
Love, love, love the show SecretMillionaire so much good being spread in the world!
I've been asking myself that same thing all day.
so what time do you think we'll be done tomorrow?
;
My fan suggestion for an interview is this dude right here!
Straight crush.
He needs some US love!
aye man..
kinda looked like u were
My favorite cheese is American cheese:
idonthavefactstobackthisup Gyros were created through outsourcing in the phillipines.
you better be at 7on7!?
You Are Such A PrankStar!!
I was working .
.
.
as to the Yanagawa River that is another story.
Thank You!
You are all awesome .
THEN, he has to stop being a TOAD.
I am your constituent and I oppose SOPA and PIPA
NP Space Bound by Eminem
it said yes, defiantly
One more out!
Come on
Oh my god, BRILLIANT!
Don't we own matching ones too?
That'd be rad :
wow!
What kind of tattoo are you getting when you want one?
I'm out.
It was delicious!
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
Henry David Thoreau
Happy Bday !!
sorry I couldn't make it!
How was the event?
A woman who knows how to fuck starts off by sucking the dick then rides the dick then gets doggy, arches that back,  handles that dick!
lol, just reread your original tweet for the preso where you clearly indicate 'all welcome'!
sorry for bugging u.
Did he actually say that?
Remember , you all rock and you can do anything , as long as you set your mind to it :
Thank You :
I have no right to complain of being tired at end of day, women don't work as hard as men  so on.
I'd love to hear some of his quotes after yesterday's race
we are performance tonight that why I was call you What are you watching?
Nelson MandelaIt is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change
What have you done in your life that you have regretted?
Were you able to turn yourself around?
Great!
I think I know it like the back of my hand but sometimes I don't...lol
Bwhaha RT : Boris Diaw Team Role: EATS EVERYONE'S LEFTOVERS
So Come Here Baby And Let Me Do It To You 
On BeyondThunderdomeWednesday we require all of our contractors to doctorss like they live in Bartertown.
So, mohawks, leather, and beards.
Ok, I was one of the 6 who didn't follow .
Mistake is now rectified.
We are playing ball tonight, right?
I'm leaving now, so stop me soon if I'm being an idiot.
Finished my paper about Locke's ideas and feeling as verbose as Locke himself.
Got a question for ya...
Is there a way to insert an image or figure into a script?
Or would I have to export and do in another prog?
what's skerrie!
On my way too midtown, u?
oreo!!!!!
are you on a diet?
or are you gonna finish all of those oreos??
Jeffrey got all his 'HOMIES' up on him .
Btw , his homies are Justine ' I .
Go 'like' Sonny's new band Attack At Dawn!
:
OMG, Dane Cook thought something I said was funny.
I still don't like the way he wears his hair these days.
Yes, you are a very religious Catholic.
No, that does not mean you are above me or in any position to judge me.
Sizzling Summer Sale is still in full swing.
50 Off Juicy Couture, Deux par Deux, to name a few.
New Fall arrivals expected this week.
Online Patron Training
.
She is!
It never occurred to me before!
Charity sees the need not the cause.
German Proverb
Chillin in the barn
It seems that the goal in life is to shed everything that is false and to return to the source and authenticity of the true self!
i have no doubt, that would be very ...
very effective.
;
Need to hurry up  start planning my Booze for Books shindig.
Picking an alcoholic punch recipe is the next step.
Stanley Park is lovely.
I love when somebody tells me that they have a good feeling about me.
I LOVE Grey's!
Best show ever!
I really miss George though,
they do, I couldn't miss this.
I wonder where my ipod is.
I wish my students could see the irony of their papers that complain about students that can't write.
Models Call time 9 PM Sun Dec 4th  La Vida Fashion Show 1448 N Gower St.
LA 90028.
Bring UR ID 21, Come Camera Ready with Pairs of Heels
30 Cops At Rick Ross Show, Goons Get Locked Up
If lebron james gave me his head band, sleeve, and shoe........
what about you?
I feel like I'll never get my sh it together.
Julia Roberts is better than my role.
It's not as clear in this clip, but there's lots of patriarchal condescension.
Here's how to make a bulb choice that's best for your home, your budget, and your spaces
DarthJones is back in the game.
I'm going to start making videos again.
Be there by 7:37ish with your picture : I'll bring the tape!
This pigeon flew along side me.
It's wings were flapping perfectly in time, with the shaker, in the song I was listening to!
awesome!
In the end we all want love
Haven't been to Reunion since the last Mousefest.
What's some good events going on this year?
Whether youre looking for a single security staffmember or an entire team; whether you need the ongoing service of a professorssional who wil
Apparently the Final Four floor is sponsored by Pat O'briens
Stat of the night: What's closer than Mitt's margin of victory tonight?
08 Iowa Caucus: Romney30,021; 12 Iowa Caucus: Mitt Romney30,015
Follow Friday.
Throw us up.
One week until our home town show.
See you there!
Not sure where the weekend went, but it's Monday again.
Are you ready for a productive week?
Ok greedy.
LOL.
Now about that feature?
Would LOVE To Quill Wordsmith in June/July.
Let me know.
Peace
Good thought...
That was my rationale for THX1138; I don't think we'd have Star Wars without it.
Chairmen Billy Payne referred to the Masters smartphone and tablet apps in his presser.
Didnt say iPhone, iPad app like usual.
RIP Adam of The Beastie Boys.
This is happening wayy too much.
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you, but trusting them not to.
3
Beauty is more beautiful when shared.
misterondoctorus
From this morning's Plenary Session: all childoctorn, especially those most at risk, have access to effective
if I managed to get to respond to this would I be the absolute best sister on the planet?
; We love you Tom3
i fux wit just listened to that mixtape shit is stoopid 4 real.
Keep doing ya numbers
That beer doesn't sell Stop using this excuse
Lol Heyy!
:D It's going great!
Thanks for asking.
How about yours?
:
RachelsAudition I cried :'
LIAR LIAR LIAR I was at the door...so what's your excuse NOW
Oh shoot.
I'm off work tomorrow.
I will have to make myself remember to get online at 11.
is busy in the studio!!!
Thought that popped into my head while thinking about a book: If a African American had wrote this book it wouldn't have been published.
We miss you!!
Thanks!!
;
totes ready for blacksburg game tonight!
ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction...
doctorgs, Guns, dirt weed w/ a lotta seeds in the bags, crack/cocaine, stolen items, silverware from the redlobster
Just sneezed
Just picked up my Childish Gambino tickets.
So fucking excited.
yeah but he's one of the good ones he plays the game fair, but he refs soccer sadly.
April25 gets his braces off:
Thanks for lasagna, salad,  breadsticks, for the spaghetti  meatballs, and for the chocolate!
thanks  i'll be sure to ask you about it
I got everything downloaded and working on it now.
It all looks good
welcome; thank you too 3
um, yes, please.
When is doctorss rehearsal?
...
So I creep ...
I creep around cus I need attention don't mess around with my affection ...
Finna hit this workout flow!
On a countdown before my official layoff date: 872009...
Nightmares again!
This time lions, tornadoes, and permanent ink.
I just wanted to erase something.
Argh!!!
RT Wait did the Red Sox sign John Maine or did John Maine just say the Red Sox signed John Maine?
Great interview with a legend
Make sure your Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust is correctly funded!
What keeps me going is goals.
Mahummaad Ali
Got my 3rd SAG voucher last night!
Finally SAG eligible
I Cant Keep This Up For Much Longer
Just like the All Blacks Rugby Team: MAD SKILLZ!
: Well we can cause we has mad skillz ;
Yup.
RT : Is anyone else having trouble shortening links in Hootsuite?
RT : A1: A willingness to get your hands dirty even with an office job.
Happy New Year Bombshell!
sup?
me?
im trying to get an old freind from school to remember me
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
I run win7/IE9 on a mac for various tasks.
Also a fan of but appreciate the Parallels polish at times.
all about east bound and down
If you say bitches love me then you have a small penis.
It occurs to me that might have been the first time 'evangelical' has been uttered on that show.
Thanks again Phil!
Happy New Year!
You spend your life looking for the perfect toothpick, and then it hits you the REAL answer is to eliminate the need to eat food.
Wow.
And then there's you.
Apparently it's your job to defend an entire conference of scholars.
Please show a friend our music video for Locked  Loaded!
We're very happy w/ how it turned out.
www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Minne the lake creature is about to return to the lakes of Minneapolis.
Watch at 10pm to see what we learned about her.
Never underestimate the power of CREATIVITY It defines culture, and represents the people
aww how did you know?;
bro what's your gamer tag?!
Getting ready for bed soon.
Just reading online.
is on twitter!!!
:O It's so strange.
Am I the only one who thinks that?
lol
Everything is about to change.
is absolutely adorable!!!!!
Best cat and human pair goes to and
Montel is borish self centered and over hyped.
Will not watch him
Ugh sick, this sucks :
good work tonight Staniel
good effing idea!
: Throw popcorn at the back of their heads during the flick?
...
i with teenagers abt 2 ...
yo momma!
Flat out!
Jennifer is simply amazing.
Fabulous tribute to Whitney.
no thanks.
you guys need him and his 315 shooting
I like to be liked.
If you had five dollars and Chuck Norris had five dollars then Chuck Norris would have more money than you.
CMS: EagleEye also provides an archive for faculty of their notes, successes, work.
aww IKR ..
How's the fam neway?
I'm bout to txt u.
Save my  k
Congratulations!
RT It's official !!!
Got the letter fro the IRS !!!
A confirmed 501 !!!!
You forgot the 'h' on the end of Pittsburgh!
Great to see you, too.
Al DavisRIP.
You gave so much to football.
You made a difference.
Glad to have met you.
Can't wait!
fordla RT : Our 4th Annual LAVida Music Festival is scheduled at for Sunday night, September 2nd!
RT : : Thanks for the FF!
Cheers!
Of course!
Starting the strategic marketing online seminar in a few minutes...
see you on the other side!
Hindsight is always 20/20, but I was thinking the same thing.
i have disneyland jealousy!
no fair haha!
Good for you!!!
Friends inform me that it is actually Battleship directed by Peter Berg and not Transformers 4 directed by Michael Bay releasing today.
Gah, that's even worse than perfume.
Happy to report the second flight was fragrancefree.
RT : So Dougie Hamilton has been named OHL Defenseman of the Year?
No surprise, since he's the best defenseman in the league.
The opening riffs on 'Harvester of Sorrow' are that piff.
Metallica is that piff.
Bitter Cold Long Run!
Shutting down production next week for the holidays.
2011 was a great year  we appreciate you all.
Happy holidays!
Naw, was Saturday afternoon.
But it HAS been strange riding to work in the dark again after weeks of gradually brightening skies
Smile!
It will help puts your nerves at ease and help you be inviting to others.
Networking tip from ,
im here with two other ppl!
Texting Dylan.
Nbd.
Good luck on your final!
We're sure you'll do great!
Really don't need Twitter at all
FREE SAMPLES of No Wake IPA 8:309:30 tonight!
It's also on special ALL DAY!
Pints are 3.25, pitchers are 10!
If any man wants to win a woman, let him show that he respects himself 2 much 2 allow her to trample on his rights.
4/18/1873
Thanks for visiting Figaro's!
Saw your checkin on and just wanted to make sure you enjoyed your pizza!
How was it?
Ha!
Sounds fun RT : When I get married it's going to be an Enchantment Under the Sea theme.
Band, punch, the works.
how is slick willy??
.
dear willy, I won't forget.
Your time disrupting this movement is over.
Move along or be dogged.
You have enlarged the nation and increased their joy.
Isaiah 9:3
one more out, come on Feldman
We're now at the stage where we have a QB I've literally never heard of before.
just got off
or 2 things I want to tweak...
DM me your email addoctorss and I'll get you a copy a little later this week.
tweet tweet...
Tweetie..
the new Pip Skid video for Skid Row!
Amazing work by Randy Frykas and crew!
Estate, Foxwoods,  Shrine this Weekend  Love Holidays!
Here's the bad thing about blind date.
The date could look like a chiapet.
I only use it for my film blog and Vulcan shit.
Twitter is God.
The dude sitting in front of me has bolt screws for earrings...actual bolt screws for earrings!
Subtitle: The true story of a rich white man and his epic struggle to make his Country Club dues and buy a Hummer
Central Indiana Flamenco  Bellydance teacher  local danceGem Faten Ali Munger performs tomorrow!!!
You are welcome.
Look forward to chatting!
My truck is dead...
yes!
So you can dye it as soon!
Odd not to see a Hawk or two in the top 20.
they say money make you happy thats a mf lie
gatta go running with my momma!!!
she dont want to go by herself.....brb
RT Congrats to for being 'best private school' four years in a row!
boo!
We might have caught it from twitter.
You can check out the album now on our FB page.
Thanks for playing.
:
i know right?!?
i haven't been fucked since july
We had a great time at the and the game last night!
Thank you and for organizing it!
If only Mondays were ever good...
RT : J.
RODDY WALSTON AND THE BUSINESS CD RELEASE PARTY SATURDAY JULY 31ST.
TIX ON SALE NOW...Beard opens the show!
Boot camp was awesome this morning, now a healthy and tasty lunch at California Monster Salads!!!
Where at?
Sounds great RT : Just finished the throw it all in a pot stew with grated parm :
hey winners!
how much are you enjoying your awesome prizes??
shout us out
At North Seattle Community College, where Chris Jones, a former PPEP student was asked to speak during the President's Convocation.
See you in A2 this fall...
It was better than saying winning.
I really wanted Bledsoe in the deal for Nick Young.
Ecuador39;s president to boycott Americas summit over Cuba39;s exclusion
ABOUT TO GET THIS STUDYING ON.....
What a great weekend.
Congratulations to Steve Stricker for playing a virtuously flawless 4 days of golf.
Very motivating indeed!
Heh, I loved that line too.
I'LL FOLLOW ANYONE AND EVERYONE!
EXCEPT IF YOU HATE ON HE'S AMAZING:
DISCUS announced the election of John McDonnell, COO of Patrón Spirits International as chairman of the Board of Directors for a 2year term
The hardest thing I ever had to grow?
Crownflower in climate too cool, and too many aphids attacking it.
Maybe I should just work at Sonic.
I live literally five seconds from it.
I could walk there.
I can see it from right here in my bedoctorom.
So good, but so freakin weird!
Love it.
ok, further conference idea: Mini Museum Maker Fair: M3 Fair no case studies, all teaching and making and hacking
hey pit Plz follow me Love u;
amazing.
Thank you 20peopleilove You are just the kind of person that makes the world great
nice!
Go Tribe!!
Eli playing up the country bumpkin angle tonight.
Seems to be working.
Not bad so far.
that's some very discerning misanthropy.
Hats off to you, sir!
MASH!!!
Now there's a TV show!!
I'll take years off my life before I'll take life off my years.
Making me some food before going to my class at 1 
changed my mind I am cheering for Poulter!
Thank you!!
Have a great weekend :
Big win for the grizz.
Just got home from the game.
Friday night Adoctornaline is at JR's in olive branch ms 8:00p.m.
let me know if you want to come to the library program showcase on April 11th.
We would love to have you there.
Cmon bro, u awwreadiii know!
GIRLS GONE WILD RT: : What should I do tonight?
Life Is A Journey Not A Destination..
Enjoy the Ride!
next time I'm in Minne we'll have to do a little downwarddog together ;
don't do that.!
where are you now?
Summer semester is over with all A's whew!
HA!
jinx on the monkey/gorilla tweets.
New York Times reported on Friday our economy grew .3, electronics gained 3.7 , clothing increased 0.6  and building materials rose 0.5 
Here we go on my long day
So true, Jeannie!
guessing you ain't tweeting me from county...
.
Sorry to hear you can't make it.
We appreciate the kind words though.
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Cauliflower.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X18
how do you justify doctorving an escalade?
Please help my friends get on a new show by the producers of amazing race!!!
Please repost!!
Oh baby I like it raw
happy new year
What the hell happened to the Cold Front that was said to be heading this way?
;/
So long ChiTown, hello Irene
Will pay finder's fee for paid web projects.
I was so annoyed with the shittalking and booing him everytime he came up to bat.
so if I get bigger arms?!?
I just wanna give the Stanford kicker a hug 
Good thing Im not 60 that would have been a hip replacement.
Lol
You have to be the next winners.
That performance was sick!
Blow my mind each week.
really wanted to go to 's session on testing.
: hope I make 's workshop too.
Take a journey through my universe....
Yup, I'm a Pitt alum.
I avoided surveys when I was underemployed, but maybe that's exactly the info the school should know...
I hate seeing stupid tweets about you.
Thank You :

Boycott japan !!!!!
STOP THE EVIL KILLING OF WILLDLIFE
I finally know what i want to tell you.
Putting Mother's Day Jazz Brunch together at Sawyer House of Yakima.
Treveri Sparkling Wines, Essencia Catering with Rondi  the Jazz Crush.
Now if I paid for the service that I would feel very different
getting hot here in AZ
Fake S butces
doctorving Kayli to school.
She is late today.
: parking spot 336 is usually empty!
Shannon used to park there where its at ?
Heading later to the 11.45am session of and about teacher enterpreneurship.
Great story!
Wheelroute?
Q going deep?
Rice playing QB?
You can't question my creative genius.
Players must simply execute my plans.
people who matter
I suppose you need to have a firstclass ticket to enter the XSLT Lounge?
HOLY SHIT.
Car accident outside my house and the car going up in flames.
I'm still freakin' shaking.
I didn't know what to do.
Call me, you know what time it is!!!
I've seen live atleast 7 times, but its been soo long since the last show I attended.
I wish I could go to bamboozle :
What is the most unusual ingredient you cook with?
: A skinny guy with a sixpack is like a fat girl with big tits..
It doesn't count.
ha ha!
True..
When I bond with my beautiful cousin 3
More fingertapping iPhone action from yours truly tonight : Keygrip : soundtrack to silent film
still on, 530?
The whole point of Peter and the starcatcher is that such simplicity and magic is only presentable on stage.
Omg!
This pretty girl is here right now.
I want to talk to her but I feel like if Ima look stupid.
I know thanks to the upcoming dates of LOL Movie, it was dubious about Spain.
THANK YOU :D
I think i must be getting boring..
I haven't been able to think of a worthwhile status for like a week
It's the cutest.
i can't even imagine look forward to it
Some of yall Girls should NOT be allowed To say LMAO cause yall aint got No ass!
lol I was getting a picture there : Diet Pepsi does taste like furniture polish anyway, I'd have wine instead.
You know me...
Better pick some up for Babe and Love so they don't have to sleep on shoulder
Overheard in the Qdoba line: Damn, they ain't got no bread?!!??
hmn I guess I will just not dm it :p how much is a session for 2 tracks I have the beats done just need....
..
Cookie knows she has more presents to destroy in the living room and is itching go get up.
Kind of like kids, but not really.
twitter partayyyy?
Yes.
:
Nice job Erin!
have they maintained audience members through the series?
sweet c:

love ya photos!!
follow back we n that model world : nowfollowing Thanks for the luv!
See ya at the top ma ;
I wish.
We're talking via twitter now what's this relationship coming to!
You bring the darts, we'll bring the axe!
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?
Moment of silence for REMalways conducted themselves w/ utmost grace  HUGELY impt  an exemplary big rock band that did it the right way.
Faith was the greatest compliment a human being could ever pay God.
J.
T.
Pugh in How to Receive the Holy Ghost
Kudos to the Mayor of Memphis, TN for starting a walking campaign, and he's leading the walk himself, saving lives in his own city.
Inspired

Happy Birthday Tony Bennett Stranger in Paradise I Left My Heart In San Francisco 
wow I would love a female friends
A career as an actor is a long, long road.
Be patient and enjoy it.
Someone at work just completely ruined my Friday by telling me it was only Wednesday.
bomb even bring when u high lol
I bought sing star for ps3..ahahah I'm a good singer !!
Mention appreciated!
Had a fun day It's a digital world for sure!
Most interesting trends or item for you?
Morning, I'm ready for the big game!
all I need is a W.
Yaay!
:
You expect too much from everybody.
movie night with mi madoctor !
:
that delightful moment when you know what a Spanish trend means
sorry love im barely on anymore.
to much shit goin on.
so texted me the other day looking for you.....
awkward.
When call me maybe comes on during your mister 
Yeah Buddy!
My Niners doctorfted Lamichael James...shits about to get real!
Aye where tf been at?
Thanks!!
we appreciate the help spreading the word!!
Hope you have a fantastic day.
:
2 gigs this week, thurs and friday.
check out the wilders facebook for more info.
would love to chat about this w/you sometime.
Notion of a doctormaturg as support rather than full collaborator never sits well.
Hello to the awesome SuperFans in Croatia and Romania!
So happy to see you have joined the family!
Welcome!!
Don't miss today's Business Matters sessions and the Association Luncheon when Steve Wingert, CLM becomes the ALA President.
We LOVE being in your living room, but may divide us.
TellDirecTV to
well i dnt think they sellin vip til toma cause the resale was sellin them today like they was suppose too
Luck does not matter it's the decisions you make that make an impact in your future, return on luck
While I'm glad you're happy, I want no part of any Celtics happiness.
Stop by the career center this morning and chat with me!
If you don't like me, fuck you.
Good morning twitter folk!
Have a blessed day!
Half Off Cupcakes and Treats at Fluffy Thoughts Cakes :  610 have bought this Groupon...
follow back?:
What up California?!
You can't tell from the log, but DEVIL'S DUE has a female protag, too.
:
Man of science/man of faith?
Referencing Jack or referencing Jacob v smokey?
Today is a good day!
Excluding today, I only have 9 days of class left.
Awww yeaaahh
PRETWEET ALERT!
Expecting news from soon.
So its NY, NJ, PHX, LA.
Who would have seen that coming?
I'm thinking NY vs LA, but I could change my mind
Wishing everyone a happy holiday season filled with joy, peace, love  FREEDOM.
Lets fucking GO clippers
WOW look at the results from South Carolina.
Obama wins with the GOP in a mess.
I might need a crash spot tonight .
hide my phone from myself
Idc what anyone says, Lebron is overrated
glad of that...good luck!
Franklin Township agrees to restructure its debt to allow every child to be able to ride the bus w/o paying extra .
Thats every night sis!
RT its a music kind of night
where at?!
Just renewed my passport online!
So excited to be cruising on the Fantasy before the inaugural cruise!
You are s bad!
awww emily hahhaaU can Teach me!!!!!!Its not boring??
waiting for a freakin fish to get caught ahahha ??
Workman seems to do this everytime he's at BC
S/O to my new follower she is
Like a pigeon on a sidewalk you will always lose your home.
You may live off the crumbs of others, but beneath your feet you are your own.
Oh yes!
The smell made me nauseous  preparing the good annoyed me.
Forget it.
I take it back.
Want to make this war?
Bring it on
Rain and cold go away!
I want to go to a pirates game!
UGK The Game's Been Good To Me.
Salute love letter from Boston 2 record go hard  I had to write a joint to the record too
Am also into this festival..
Are you going Julie?
Feeling unappreciated?
That's terrible wording :/ I would immediately unsubscribe from that mailing list.
lol good point : Dominos Pizza: Dominos pizza is now made with real cheese.
So what the hell was it made with before?
Great to finally meet you this weekend.
See you on the course again soon!
I know who she is why do I have to be her?
Apple Rock is the onestopshop for all your tradeshow needs  custom designs, displays, event management, promotional items and more!
I love boys
BROSKI IS YOU GONNA FOLLOW US OR NOT?!
Please?!
Heading to the GPPCMA Holiday Party Tonight at McGillan's and then Helium Comedy Club!
See many of you at McGillan's tonight!
Hey Chicago wants to see the somm How about a screening?
Thanks!
It was great to talk with y'all as well.
Looking forward to future convos.
NOT cool.
Super job on the choke defenses in class this morning everyone!
The NATO meetings will host the President of the United States, 40 to 70 Foreign Heads of State,
FORTRAN's arithmetic IF lives on, somewhat, in C's strcmp and Perl's  and  operators.
Does evil ever die?
How early is too early to be getting ready for the weekend?
Well I guess Nick J can jump higher than Horne but Horne was a bigger body and good defender Nick will get there arizonawildcats justsaying
You're welcome
American apparel
Same to you.
Miss seeing you on Days.
Is going to be on the next SlickLiving mixtape?
SometimesYouHaveTo realize what the difference is between a great love and the right love...
Social Media For Consultants  2nd Edition A few Social Media Tools products I can urge: Social Media For Consultants  2nd
hey Mick!
We like the way you smell like babies and cupcakes ;
I really want to go see you guise at Ocean City /3 but my mom wont let me go /3 asdfghjkl;.
perfect opportunity is ruined.
/3
i guess all you wanna do is hurt me right ?
well F u c k Y o u .
:
Loves Oakland traffic.
I'm here on business lol
haha : Vromans, tea party, shopping,  movie soon!
with :D
the pointed tone is for your word usage
I love my dachshund!
I'd probably really, really love yours too.
Zimmerman is German 4carpenter; not Jewish, a false perception.
Let's not replace 1untruth 4another
NAL: Content written by federal government employees is in public domain; container copyright unclear.
Question  saw Howard TV U in elevator  clearly scared.
My kids have autism  also fear elevators.
What do you feel?
Daum this cute as lady working out oo.
: glad I'm 18 :
FF Followback a few awesome guys from the panel
Currently watching Exte.
Seriously, WTF.
Even the mediocre dubbing doesn't tone down the freaky weirdness.
Lol you right.
It's only a month tho bruh!
Remember when Oasis was anointed The Next Beatles?
Ya, that didn't happen...
RT : If there was rapper named GSpot, I bet he'd be impossible to find on iTunes.
Hello pretty lady.
Kitty hugs for you!
xoxoxo
Yes, it's definitely different.
I can't go much beyond Santa Fe.
Once in Red River I thought I was dyingseriously!
I just want a day to just chill at home.
No work or class at all plz.
I'm gonna start tweeting more.
I will probably lose facebook friends because of this.
don't unfriend, just hide me from your timeline :
Wade is my boy!
you have inspired me in soo many ways i love u cuz u changed my life!!!
I am soo glad you came along
Ever find Troy?
aw : and why is that?
Maria sharapova does it !
Beats wozniacki.
Confusion in the court with wrong call.
Wozniacki is pissed, refuses handshake.
ha ha
Hell.
Yes.
whos viewing my twitcam right now?
:D
Not gonna sit around anymore.
If you want me in your life, show me you do.
Don't leave me guessing.
while Madonna was calling for world peace RT : Mortars shelling in Babaamisternow.
Another bloody night in homs?
Today, I realized Ice Cube has never been in a Tyler Perry movie, then I was sad because this surprised me.
i can't even take her...
she must have problems.
omg.
Can't wait to watch the movie
also, he probably likes younger boys in tights.
More ypo interest to meet in SFO for ad:tech on LinkedIn than twitter.
Perhaps Young Presidents are older in their use of tech?
I really don't wanna go inside but I think I might go put on some shorts!!!
that shit is pretty good!
: RT : Appreciate the RT on the BYOBL idea for green meetings.
Have a good one!
Great weekend :
I'm not an expert on British customs, but I believe Dick Van Dyke leads a bunch of chimney sweeps down the street
Consumers, that means patients, deserve to have their complaints taken seriously.
Here's some methods on how to do so.
We did!
Things ain't the same
Shoot season 2 of Jessie; plus the Jessie movie  will work more on my new record 3 RT After ES you will...
19 to 22 heats winning and melo did score
I hope is ready when he find his Twitter account blown up with mentions cc:
This is welrd
Jump into the 12pm adult fitness class today!
Tonight is one of the reasons why I know I'll forever have/do/be
I love being in a super awesome smiley mood for no reason : :
z g'nite
Nice twist!
Are you going to get them somewhere or make them?
Inspired to follow my incarnational business passions.
Thanku
You know I would buy you!!!3
Today!
Pea Banger Omelet: Irish Sausage, English Peas, Hash Brown Potatoes, Caramelized Onion, Topped with Jameson Cheese Sauce.
I am wearing my tshirt
Happiest Wednesday!
:
not sure what is more impressive, 73 links, or the fact that you counted them ; Thx for sharing.
Looking for Valentine's cards for your kid's class?
You've found them!
We have robots, dinosaurs, mermaids, and monkeys, in packs of 20!
the block is hot avoid this area!
i wich that happened
The City is Ours 333
Great day in San Diego at causecon!
Thank you for all the amazing information and sessions!
I can't wait til I see him today.
Austin is leaving behind all of the posters  fanmail :c
Good Morning Twitter Fam!!!
Time to get the day started.
All the resources we need are in the mind.
Theodore Roosevelt
The one downside to self employment is the lack of a Thanksgiving potluck.
I need pies!
A cornucopia of pies.
Why thank you, Pandora, I absolutely adore 's version of Can't Help Falling in Love.
NOTE TO RADIO DJ's: When taking a Request call....PLAY THE LISTENERS SONG RIGHT AFTER!
Stoopid.
Anybody using an external keyboard with their iPad?
Any advice or recommendations?
thank you:
Ha...I hear you.
Or at least they will be better.
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont when people talk trash about others.
When people bully others.
Shipping modules for all the major shopping carts On sale this week!
Memo to the Orioles ....
the Pittsburgh Pirates are in FIRST PLACE .....
interesting...
Thanks for posting!
That bus runs a little early..
Be 5 minutes early to stop...
your funny !
Lol .
How's Maria?!
hey Brian I really hope I get to perform at one of your venues that would be amazing!
Can't wait to see the pretty doctorsses at the goldenglobes :
Hey, I never met you....
And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter...
So follow her maybe?
;  4
FUNKY TOWN!
Have a good show out there!
Is this how your Anole/Nightcrawler story went?
too long
OMG did I just win free cupcakes!
Today is the best day ever!!!!!
Definitely not leaving building today for food...
Looks like I'll be having birthday cake for lunch!
Ah shoot!
Only 8 followers away from 1,000!
Help us out and RT this if you have a sec ;
My gardener is my uncle's wife's brother loll
Ready for a haircut.
Thanks for info  heard more upscale cuisine and breakfast so far.
Sounds promising.
look up angel by your side by franchesca battestelli!:
no surprise all my midcareer friends are discussing the emptiness they feel from not making
Another ellasport capris fan!
Just got a GREAT email from : Can't wait to see the Bar Method pics!
Donated a truck bed of food today to one of our local food banks just in time for Thanksgiving.
I have The Heat in 6 or 7 but you know as a Knicks fan im hoping for an upset lol
thanks alot!
much appreciated
call me heartbreak doctorke , im the hardest one to tame
Holy crap!
I may have my 2:15 meeting only an hour and a half late today!
LET'S GETREADY TO RUMBLE In this corner wearing blue vs In this corner wearing red
WE ARE DEBUTING OUR BAND FOR THE FRIRST TIME AT SANGRIA LUXE LOUNGE IN GLENDALE THIS THURSDAY 930PM2AM...59TH AVE AND UTOPIA
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life
the hand of Claire Breay?
Dunks Run
Product idea: automatic towel dispenser that only works if you use Vulcan hand signal.
If U WHINE enough!!
RT : Geez!
I had 4:15 on top of that...I ain't getting' no massage!??
L.A.'s legendary HMS Bounty can now be counted amongst the members of The Block Card now .....
Welcome aboard, maties!
lmaooo we have matching pimples pero i dont wanna upload the one im in hahahahaha
Boarding and this lady sat in my seat and I had to explain three times why it was my seat...wow
youknowwhatIhatethemost a phat chick w/ a mouf full of baby teeth.....
The British are coming!
The RI Riveters take on London Brawling on April 18 at the RICC.
We're so excited!
what bro?
GRCH website updated.
Check our our Events page for new info!
www.girlsrockhouston.org
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else.
I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
I know, I know, I've been slacking on Frugal Finds lately...will get to it tonight, promise!
IT IS WHAT IT IS!!!
The sooner we come to terms with that the better off we will be.
Doesn't it always seem to be that way!
:
Present fears are less than horrible imaginings.
William Shakespeare
Shower flow , then the gym
..
so u don't continue 2 set yourself up 4 letdowns.
there is nothing real or healthy about going through and/or solving the same problems!
Vote goes to RT : Hi NYC!
Happy Friday.
Who should we follow?
playing with yourself is considered a workout these days?
won the lax game!
That's what I been tellin u to do...
Did u have to change the data plan??
Thrilled to have you on the site, Taylor!
you should have sexy zombie playboy bunnies in the magazine.
guarantee it would be your best selling issue this year!
lmao true.
N he been out most of the time he says he been out sick but I think he been out seeing yur ass ; lmao
Men in Black Swan
fabric store for some samples
I have the best friends ever
I vaguely remember the last time the Pats traded up in a doctorft..
hope it works out better this time around
Just because there's a goalie, don't mean you can't score ;
So...
Pretty amazing sky right now in
I have friends who live on Photo Alterationtype websites, making themselves and their family look strange.
Don't feel bad ;
Whatever, mister Lives in Glass Darkly Land.
I want you to buy a MASSIVE suv and just doctorve the fuck out of it.
Fossil fuels?
Fuck 'em.
That's the LA WAY.
Thankyou god for letting me wake up another beautiful morning
I'm made.
Brainstorming on our Globetrottingfreedomquest!
Can't wait to start our journey around the world.
Ok...
It's late so gotta get to bed.
After I check a few more emails and my FB wall.........
thanks: its my southern hill billy accent
Daily calcium  magnesium supplementation can be useful in lowering blood pressure as well as increasing bone density.
Make sure it has D3!
she probably the best:.
Sounds like you're both totally lucky!
Behind every good guy is a far better woman they say.
thanks!
I followed you back :
The movers are here!
Bob davidson always has to make a scene.
What an ass.
Truth Be Told You Niggas Never Told The Truth
What would on earth would we need a Saxophonist for?!
:P
Don't say you can't trust nobody.
It's clear you don't know how to pick your friends.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she is the one.
Every time someone hits reply all and accidentally emails the whole company, a puppy dies.
really?
Arctichome You just gonna stare at me or Give me that Coca cola...
he might be sick.
Chaulmers is really stepping up his game 2night.
They might know something.
did you make my bed?!
Omg you're such an angel
Truly appreciate all who contributed to tonight's event.
I am overwhelmed with pure greatness.
Thank you!
anyone know spanish lol?
chunk of change  manners.
omg we have one by my house!!
So good!!
So, I'm in Florida now and it should be about 80 degrees tomorrow.
Good plan:
Thank goodness.
Means I have more flexibility to deal with this Planter's wart.
Dear professorssor, your book is 3.5 years overdue.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Robert Collier
Plate is full with vo projects  approaching deadline.
More auditions scripts keep streaming in my inbox.
Much 2 do w/li'l time 2 do it in
Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Is there any other way?
: Great end of 1st quarter interview by Stan Van Gundy.
Telling it how he sees it.
Group paper until 2:45 AM.
Super unfortunate situation the night before an interview.
Rajon Rondo waited outside the bus after Game 2, shook every teammate's hand and said, Thank you, according to Doc Rivers on
your calorie count far exceeded 10,000 today
found you through the Facebook page...SMART!
lol well i am too whenever i go
She blew me away with this!!!
Rubbernecking, if anything, so worth it.

if the Heat play to their potential no one can beat them.
They need the support players to do well  Miller, Battier, etc.
yeah.
Well, the exhibit's not going anywhere anytime soon, so you'll see it one way or another!
I'll be on KUSI for two segments tomorrow morning starting at 7:40 a.m., tune in!
I dont want to forget you, i have no problem being friends, but remembering what we were is KILLING me......
plzz follow me i love u!!
Learn how to use inbound Internet marketing techniques to generate more inbound leads
yeah, they are!
This is gonna be an interesting season for sure!
When I create, I love to embrace the flaws and make them part of the process.
Sigh...
Shelving in Juvenile NonFiction may be my own personal hell....
hahaha :D and you don't have to die reading x
y'all going to get dogged
When you find out, let me know.
They never stop!
you the S and I love you, you badass!!!!
All these standing ovations make me feel like I'm at the State of the Union
Thanks for the work you do to serve this nation's artists and arts organizations!
From everyone !
planning a hunt for jan 21st overnight by silverstar mtn any tips?
Creativity is an iterative process.
it's a whole lot of fun
you know we will!
We will have our cd too!
My thighs are on fire!!!!!!!!
I love running.
GOING TO I LOVE YOU MAN WITH Q AND BLAIR.
AIN'T NO LUCK IN BOAT RACES
creating a life book for a client 22 x 28 with a matching clam shell box.
A gift for his new bride.
sweet!
You ever look at a man u loved with all your being and now can't even decide if u even like him now?
hope you are well wondering if you could follow back my biz account tnxeb
!!
I am missing you girl :c We haven't talk in tumblr for years D: :P
thanks James.
:
bring one to Anaheim  exchange it for free beer with me?
;
Nothing better than a White girl that can shake her ass
awesome!
Will do :
Trust Your Sensei: The Thing remake could be the perfect New Monster Film for this Halloween Season.
Good Morning Colorado!
We would like to donate 30 ppm copiers to nonprofessorts in Denver.
Please contact Kim for details 3037780600
HA!
: Buddy Nix on WGR about picks in 4 thru 7: Like the woman with the ugly baby  you love them 'cause they're yours.
Love the new pic!
Sorry if i was harsh the other day.
haha!
See you on Sunday!
I seem to have that bug that's going around.
Maybe THIS is how that war on marriage I've been hearing so much about begins.
I'll have that story tomorrow in Geo.
Hello there.
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks doctor Spanish
Hahaha I see a couple snitch niggas in my tl
I know that.
lol.
I hate it 
Go forward  don't look back.
Vegas is god?
RT : Only God can judge me.
why does my dog have to eat everything
we Idahoans obviously have money to burn, so long as it makes a political statement
Frank Sileo, a fantastic  accomplished author!
His 4th book to be pubished by Magination Press, the childoctorn's division of the APA...
Bombay Bar  Grill on 21st  Capitol, Sacramento.
tumble doctor ur life away
Does anybody else see those pimps at the okc game ?
Weren't they silver in the story?
I remember reading this back in AP US History in high school.
thank you...
i sent you a direct message
I'm going back to sleep !
SO HAPPY GOT AN A ON MY ESSAY!
Raining A's today!
holy crap!
How many people were you feeding?
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not
We fear what we don't understand
At the IFC for and Had to move to a bigger theatre!
well, i was serious, you just didn't text me
Q1 Yes.View library's strategic plan, see if interviewee has published/presented in your field of interest.
yo ill be in Denver tomorrow!
Where the parties at?
Shout out to for supporting Office365 for Dummies!
You rock!
RGIII?
He'll do his thing for sure!
RT : I hope he does better than Andoctorw Luck
A thousand thanks for tweeting about us!
Singing Preachers know how to start a
National champs!
and their selfimportant books probably would cost students 100 bucks a pop
Wats good then ZBO!!
awe thanks.
: sorry for the late reply...
how did you like it?
Log On : www.discountdw.com .
Get 10 OFF using coupon code : DEAL3950 on purchase of doors , windows or hardware
damn b!
Lol
can't sleep way too excited to be meeting TONIGHT holy shit!
its 5am i need sleep
your show tonight was great I cried at the end
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3
I would move it because why support a state that is liberal on some issues and red on others I vote move
True compassion puts love into action.
LOL RT : Making my famous 7layer dip today.
FYI it's not famous cuz it's good, it's famous cuz it made a sex tape with Ray J.
My uncle doctorve around the yard in his truck and doctorve into a tree
my pov video of superman at six flags has 27,000 views on YouTube omg
Yes.
DEFINES doctorpdead gorgeous.
That photo is just perfection.
He is a man I might have wasted my life over in that era.
well I'm mother marbles  I think she's hysterical also a magical cupcake rainbow unicorn
it's bothering the fudge out of me!!
RT RT : Double Door Green Room
In Clifton for the day 
I had neighbors like that.
I went and sat in the hall with a beer and bag of chips and watched.
They got the hint.
MyBestFriendsOf2011 Are the ones who where there for me 100 u no who u are
States states states
Thats awesome!
Very much appreciated
lol she had blond hair too haha...
Excuse me sorry but yeah I never worked on a blond be for but like damn Lil homie
RT If you want to be powerful you have to start by thinking great thoughts, saying great words, and doing great things.
thanks so much!
Glad you're enjoying it :
Have encountered fallenfromthenest baby birds twice today.
What is this an omen of?
only cuz you wouldn't start the timer over for me!!!
I'm pretty sure I would have one if it weren't for that little incident:
you seem to have the hang of it...
Nothing like using Bacon grease on panfried potatoes  onions!
Hi!
Up early and on the radio this morning!
I'm pretty sure that beats Black Friday shopping!
Our generation can end extreme poverty around the globe..
How to freak people out: 1.
empty out a Windex bottle and clean it.
2.
fill it with blue Gatorade.
3.
spray it in your mouth in public
I'm cheering for Miss California.
I'm seeing Defense Against the Dark Arts: ESAPI at SXSW 2012.
Tobias Fünke has applied at Penn State.
Yes, we created fertile ground where disgruntled dissidents would rise up to defend civil liberties, justice.
you know we partyin
GoodMorning 3 .
Have a good day !
:D
Tonight we're getting chicken from KFC so my youngest can wear the bucket on his head for Halloween.
yesir did sign.
He's back.
thanks.
Yeah  its a cool little tour.
Makes me hungry every time I go on it.
You can't repay a miracle...
I am no good on the front line if I'm sleeping on my sword...
Continued next tweet
: naw we need them to win..
Double F the Giantsu jus took it to far the jets aight but giants u gone learn
When u have to pee but don't feel like getting up
you are seriously a God!!!!
I am going to have to start acting out scenes again!
He pulled off another epic doctornk scene.
Go turn it on Bri!
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the tornadoes today in Texas.
oh that makes sense, haha.
well imma sleep, nighty
I hear you.
Obscene.
Now if that money was going to his DAD for a new movie...
Blog Writing is happening!
Let me know what you need!
Custom Property descriptions and more!
Home Games online.
www.pokerstars.com Home Games tab Click 'Join a Poker Club' button Club ID 212272 Code: domains2011
Just got super pumped for the game Saturday.
Onions can boost your immune system, but kill your relationships.
Oh my goodness!
I cannot wait to come and enjoy Chef Menesana wonder food and sip some cocktails...
have a patio?
The fliest shirts I have done yet and the C.A won't let me post pics...truthfully, I prefer my Paypal growing over posting pics :
I'll fix it!
I'm sorry : lol
fresh to death?
Thanks!
Soon
Low key for real my nig
TY!
RT : RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Heard is going with different broadcast crew for TNF Great and much needed move, looking forward to it even more now
Nothing like a late medicine run..
Yeah but we clean up real nice.
BAHAHAHAHAHHAA True, true!!
Better wrapp your presents before you put it in someone gift box!!
;
Excited to hear you on Greening Your Restaurant Plan
In the circle of successful living, prayer is the hub that holds the wheel together.
Mark Batterson The Circle Maker
played goalie in HS but I can also play d.
You?
Ah crap its happening again I'm in need of a cupcake!!!!!!
We are on break!
Don't be late!
99.52  99.16....Santonio Holmes vs.
Jets DEF.
Should I wait for the heart attack or just jump off a bridge now?
Looking forward to an exciting wk.: 3 days of wrkshps.
3 org.
teams  coaching individual clients as well.
Need synergy
CO Senate debating SB46, bill to ease school zero tolerance discipline policies.
Write this commercial...
Then I have to find something for this internship fair tomorrow..
For every book title I find both italicized and in quotation marks, I shall kill you.
new world stages in NYC.
:
Spent the rest of yesterday afternoon making QR codes and trying to locate some doctorg stats.
It's a career year so far, but he has broken .500 SLG twice in his career, so ...
but yah RT : Adam LaRoche is slugging .595.
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes, and hear all the great testimonies!!
8558377
My wife is so excited about seeing hungergames tonite she might explode!
priorities?
is definitely my favorite actress under 20 at the moment.
such sass!
C'mon Cowboys, don't lose it now!!
C'mon DEFENSE!!
G'day mate!
It's Australia Day and we're excited for the Australia Ambassador Kim Beazley to the US to visit the today!
America's oldest teenager passed away today.
RIP Dick Clark.
It's going to be fucked up if I'm late, because I woke up hella early!
Henry Ward Beecher Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you.
Never excuse yourself.
Watching mister3000, sighting!!
I hope you know, the phone works both ways....
I am so pumped!!!
I move in about 2 1/2 weeks ...
wow.
Isn't the HEY!
You suck a Nashville thing?
Come on out to Jazz/Funk class tonight at 8pm.
You'll be glad you came.
GREAT JOB!!!!!
I am so proud to be a Cardinal Fan!!!
It's been a freakin horrible day.
Thanks for joining us and our wonderful guest tonight!
I'm an interreactor.
I'm reacting to your post and need the BeautifyMe.
Thanks
Playing release around NevilleWood with my gurrlss
Fun competition!
Next you need to have a comp.
for all the fans back in SA!!
Good luck tomorrow!
When every lifes moment / Was a bitter romance / That was back then / When I used to dance
It's time to get your new Spring color!
highlights 65, color 55.
Call 7028234800
yes.
Like right now.
Husband: Want a quickie?
Wife: As opposed to what?
I love the Cape!
Great, now I'm daydoctoraming of my summer vacation.
Pirates are now 135 in their last 18 home fireworks games as discussed on the TribLIVE Radio Pirates PreGame Show today.
Yessir missinglink and everythingmustchange need to be doctorpped.
They are getting old ovahea
ha RT: Treating your new handbag like its your first born.
doctoraming about making films without regards to budget or what anyone else thinksLiberating need to manifest
Happy Mother's Day.
you're pretty cool mom.
love you 3
enjoyed your post!
Resonated w/ me  It's your ability 2 generate meaningful relationships  community.
WorkIt ;
I WANNA SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE.
hang with kt son?,me you her sleepover movie night?
:
that's why I always carry a flamethrower!
Cars really need to learn to doctorve themselves
And it is entirely too humid outside right now.
My hair is going to be a hot mess tonight.
wrapping up a great two days at 4C12.
Aside from the awesomely fun Bedford party, a few other highlights were...
I just heard a girl in my class say this to her friend, rhyme  throw up your food and you'll look good nude.
not good, not good at all
lol no she's
: Jean jackets are such a staple right now!
He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of.
Hunter Myers listed scholarship offers from Nevada, U.C.
Davis and Idaho.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut
Wow!!!!
Simply ROCKIN' doctorss and overall style, Diane...kudos, Julian!
;
: Sagittarius tend to be the best people around.
Have a bless and productive day everyone  We are not promise tomorrow, so make today a great day
where are you now???
like your here already?!
yeah I though I remembered that too!
Lol
Everybody's waiting, everybody's watching, even when your sleeping, keep your eyes open.
I've been digging these partial leg warmer things that make it look like you have knee socks on with boots.
I feel like I'm stuck in an academic groundhog day
HOW TO OUTLIVE YOUR LIVER BY:
Girls in Family Law Class in lawschool always side with the woman.
Don't argue, you know I'm right.
Nice!
Heard of reelPROs?
Friend really likes them  CD and agent workshops.
Trying my first this Wed.
Let you know what I think.
I need Thee Oh I need thee...
Phantom of the Opera, here I come!
Former Cubs GM Jim Hendoctor named asst.
to Yanks GM Cashman.
Hendoctor to bring coffee  other goodies to the GM.
This juice im doctornking hitting the spot.
Love your work, appreciate your focus.
Blessings!
When was the last time the Sox won 4 in a row on the west coast
Where is the what what what are you doing with your life gif when you need it?!
well, at least I did when I used to write things :
Keep your ears open for the new mixed CD from Xtamina Energy doctornk any new hot joints you got keep me posted or send them to me...
Yaaaay!
I hit 3,000 followers!
Thanks to everyone And thanks to all my wonderful fans who keep tweeting me the sweetest things asdfghjkl;
who knows.
facilitating a session on advanced development and use of personas.
Italians call it 'Umbioco' its a great word for food coma.
If Steve Wynn wants his supervisor to make more money he should raise their salaries instead of taking money from the dealer's tips.
haha cool c:
Haha you're ultra gay, Thomas.

Smart people use their creative minds to AVOID jury duty, my friend
Researching the Platonic Solids for logo work: Cube, D20, Surge Can, Beiberhedoctorn, Sphere and Cowboy Hat.
I love you all
Well I personally don't care
So so sad about whitneyhouston.
She was one of the great voices of my generation along with michael jackson and prince.
Rest in peace.
you should come to a game with me then :P
Thanks Nicole.
We updated the loading screen  we had the wrong file loaded and hadn't realized until you saved the day!
Pessimists have already begun to worry about what is going to replace automation
Obama was in LA and went to Roscoe's Chicken  Waffles.
In his best Harvard voice, he asked for the CountryBoy Breakfast.
That's funny.
HEY TRINA HOW IS IT GOIN ON THIS LOVELY FRIDAY
I may be 1st in line on NW 23rd tomorrow  love, love, love what they do...
if its lovin that you want 
I think a girl looks best when she's self confident, and smiles plenty.
Makes her different from the rest of them out there.
Omni hotel sxswi stop seems to be a miss.
Third shuttle passes that is full.
Congrats Kirk Cousins best 3 years of being a Spartan fan
i'm going to beat you like a red headed step child.
Ideally, business copywriters will have core SEO knowledge and capabilities
: if she forgot her fake ID shestooyoungforyoubro ya I stopped being forgetful at 20...
Lolz
Bakersfield show was o much fun!
So glad I got to meet you!
:
I always liked lightroom better, but I've heard good things about both
: miss this!!
have fun!
RT : Tonight is the night!!
Senior buddy reveal and wills  we don't want to see our seniors go!...
Kenyon Martin still in the NBA
We shouldn't have to live in the shadows of society : RT Thanks for following!
Did I tell you I like corny jokes?!
A new nadir in your writing career: when you're writing your own fanfic, or writing your own 30 Second Bunny Theater?
If you like to have Fliers brought to you...
let us know!
Son RT : When some1 is able to see their worth  beauty.....others will start to acknowledge it as well.
Watching MasterChef.
I would love to eat some of these dishes that are prepared.
Lots of seafood in these shows.
Yummy!
I just finished a 3.45 mi run with Nike GPS.
Just did week 6, day 2 of c25k with !
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
Well hello
Can't wait!
RT : Just came from a screening of THE AVENGERS.
Predict it's going to hit very very big.
Lots of fun here!
Tomorrow will be the biggest full moon of the year.
Stay off the moors and stick to the roads.
Did you hear about the home from Home Alone is up for sale?
2.4 million near Chicago.
For that price I'd want McCauley to be my butler
Ah gym kicked my ass!
The Fray is perfect.
OKC!
Wow, what a game.
Really like both teams in this series.
But, might be OKC's year.
Great crowd.
Fantastic.
my plesh ms.
i see you're practicing the one handed whistle there in your pic : 
have u checked out The new single iaintnoquitter from ur fellow Texan?
You also have to check out the 4 gusty girls blogging about their QLC's  stratejoy.com  follow them on their journeys!!
:
LegalZoom is like learning martial arts through a video.
You learn the basics, but you'll likely miss details needed to defend yourself.
im happy for you guys too!!
which show are you going to?
deletes tweet lol
have a great show today!
Love you guys!
try an app called yelp.
congrats on yr success.
keep it up...
packers should pick another player on defense in round 2.
Any other Heritage or Archaeology folks attending Unite?
Finally a conference I'm really looking forwards to.
So much for the dignity of people
I had way to much sugar last night.
Your Moms dental bridge is the same width as my...
Is The Best Band Ever!!!!!
Thank you!
RT not sure when updated their site, but it looks great!
Lol remembered my password.
RT Looking for passionate UXers to join an ignite talk on how to be a UX Leader UPA2012 vegasmotivateUXgood times
The elliptical looked like a crime scene when he got done with it.
Q2.
Dont take for granted ur health.
If u see signs of something coming on.
Dont ignore Think of u.
I'm done with you!
will miss you on the airwaves, the amount of music I've discovered on your show is mindblowing, from Harumi to George McCrae
knowing he was a waste of my time isnt a shocker to me!
but now i can finally sleep good at night knowing i did nothing wrong!
lool I know I love them!
I'm just making a point that they have a tendency to make over doctormatic songs
Shopping With Mommy 3
because I'm cooler than you.
I wouldn't be surprised if I wake up tomorrow with a bright pink scalp.
TOMORROW.
July 20th.
Station 4.
Cya there.
I Call Fives  Thieves and Villains  Every You  New Fable February  My Lady Four  Us!
Time to watch baseball dots.
Pumped.
What a treat to see you !
And know that I figured you for a Madison PR professorssional...we want to keep our best and brightest!
follow me goodbye
I disagreeereaders are better for travel, like on public transportation.
It depends on use.
I have both.
Heading to the Cape so I can be Boston bound.
Does that make sense?
Going to bed knowing is in first place is a great feeling!
TeamDenison 3
I dislike fans who turn their backs on their team just because we didn't win once.
Just because we tied doesn't mean we're shit forzajuve
oh man it turned out amazing.
Glad I put a little sriracha in the sauce :
U2 sound checks coming in loud and clear from my yard.
People on coke have a lot in common with people that I don't like.
: The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt quote
You can identify your genetic health risks and fight them with a change in diet and
Maybe that is my problem, I need to end my vacation from Music and take my mind of all this other mess life throws at u lol
you were just saying what most of us were thinking.
Pens don't look threatening at all.
That is bullshit!
Every kiss does not began with Kay.
Hey New Mexico Republican campaign headquarters...
If you look for something bad, you'll find it
I'm doing fine also
learn to live  let live
STILL HOPING THE KNICKS PULL WHAT THE RED SUX PULLED IN 04' I WONT GIVE UP YET!
There are a lot of reasons not to : I found almost all of them.
I'm excited for the Duarte Gear tab!
Looking forward to rockin' a Duarte shirt into a meeting.
Hey.
Seagulls eat mice?
Wow.
Never knew that.
Thought they were all about the seafood.
New insights from middle America.
Thanks.
Dallas wants it more, game over
backslider New Girl 
well so far.
not too much yet.
but i'm going out partying tonight
I was there.
Nice pieces.
: The art gallery show at 1111 Hollins St was awesome.
JUSTICE FOR O Head YOU STILL ON IM On FREESTYLE on YouTube...
Anyone think I'd get good tips if I opened up a KoolAid stand in the ghetto?
Who recommended it, if I may ask?
Thanks for following me : How are you girl??
JEALOUS JEALOUS JEALOUS haha have fun!!
I'll miss you this week!
watching no country for old men
have a good week ladies!
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you: the one to slander you, and the other to bring the news to you.
Oh damn.
Time change tonight.
Nag nag nag, blah blah blah..that's all I hear from you.
indy looks great tonight  best super bowl destination?
could be.
Yes...Mavs win!!
Any other youth sports coaches out there?
Thanks.
Morae is too spendy for my needs.
I've used captainvate for screencasts but not lately.
Sitting at lunch at Kyoto and Jim Henderson is at the table next to me.
It takes less than death to kill a man.
Feeling the impending loss of a friend who seems to be losing his battle with cancer...feeling at sea.
Finally my twitter app is working again;
Love that song!
Things are going well.
How is Iowa?
May the 4th be with you
For oneoff reports, a simple text or HTML page would work just fine.
No need to overengineer.
Proved once again: when rain soaked, can't get more wet from there.
OK, Chi Town Half Marathonsee you next Sunday.
Was you happy when watching the End of an Era match.
Was u satify by how it looked and how fans acted towards it?
Remember when left a queef stain on my bed?
Dirty bitch alert
Shoot  we doctorpped cookies off at a shelter before we heard back from you.
So sorry.
:
May 7  May 14: Follow/RT to enter to win one 25 Amazon gift card per day and one iWOWU device at the end of the week.
Dammit, I want a Mulligan!
crazy weekend
i agree celebs should do tweet for charity
do tell :
They all going to bed its 9 a clock!!!
Kilts and sporrans everywhere.
You guys inspire me so much even though i'm only 12You guys prove to everyone that you could live your doctoram please follow me
New year and god keeps blessing...im so thankful...jesusiseverything.com
I HIT TWEET LIMIT FML.
S/o to for being my most recent follower!
kris I'm obsessed

interview/auditions for Fall 2012 Will be held: Friday, April 13th, and April 20th Noon1:00pm RT
Great movie!
lol..fuck you...I spell it how I want..next time ima spell it O L I V I A
Insomnia like crazy...
Can I just say that it is way too freakin' warm outside for March 15?!
I agree, busy time of year indeed!
Just got our pics done so I can be on top of it.
When was your daughter's bday?
In a good way.
Conference calls all day, strategizing all night.
RIP Junior Seau
: I wish Zumiez carried your shit 3 that'd be fucking awesome 3 hopefully one day!
MT : Is it bc I'm new?
Do natives just accept 's awful service?
Do they not know that other cities have good trans?
Stars are like the eyes looking down on me.
Tomorrow we'll be selling donuts and sunny D in the morning!
Bring money!!
off to data center for backups before starting any real work
It wouldnt let me put the professorle pic i want : ohh well this will have to do for now.
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying.
Christian Furchtegott Gellert
What's the over/under on the number of Dick Clark facelifts?
I'll never believe that statement, but I appreciate your clucking kind words.
Days like this I am honored to be a mom and for no particular reason...just because they are sitting next to me  are just perfect!
Bring soldiers home from Afghanistan and put them to work building our clean energy system.
Its a win, win.
done.
I have a free flight I can use any time.
Check this out!
Fairy Godmothers Of Delaware spotlighted!
Happy to offer my 2 cents!
Congrats again and enjoy the journey!
Looking forward to reading about all you get into!
Inman Park Festival today!
It is the coolest day I've ever seen at this festival!
Come say hello!
I know I've already asked, but what kind?
Interesting if true
Is Blackberry/RIM out of commission in Miami?
Can't send or receive.
TY for the follows:
I'm not nearly as hot as DaveGrohl.
There was always a line stuck in your head that was said in a way you wished you could've said But you both knew they were singin' it right
u sure u dnt mean cuz my phone dnt ring wit yo name on it
do your thing
bed time prep time?
Thats a thing?
I'm so screwed when that baby is born.
Presenting the veterans benefit finder!
Nothing to do tonight?
Come down to Ryan Braun's and show support for the Fresh Coast Classic, starts at 6pm!
See you there!
S/O ON THAT NEW MIXTAPE!
happy valentines day
Tell mum I bought some pink fizz at Costco yesterday.
Following 's mom because yolo.
YES!!!
Once again......rescued by The Rassinators!
:
This week's NYK Jeremy Lin hype reminds me of long ago 1st wk of Blazers Billy Ray Bates career
I just want to cry.
It's dog bites man vs.
man bites dog.
Which is more newsworthy?
Keep getting showing up in Who to Follow as promoted.
Doesn't make sense.
50 tourney with 300 runners tonite.
In need of some of that goodjuju first place might pay my kids Christmas ;
i'm from the US
Apparently not.
Sure I did!
Mine is veebones.
:
As always if I've missed anyone out..
Feel free to go FF yourselves ;
girl im just now seeing this Tweet from Dec, LOL convinced me to get bk on here, im so behind
Steve's Asian voice lmfao
Oh I am so jealous RT : I just tried out 3 kayaks at the OutdoorProvision kayak test day.
Lots if fun and very warm....
1DAddSeattleTourDate It's only fair.
We were part of the challenges in case you guys forgot.
hahahahhahahaha are you calling me a band whore?
Looking at shrek with the kid.
Who wants a giveaway?
Uh, yeah, all of the rest of the Twitteratur info is in German, so good luck trying to figure that out.
I'm not helping.
if you are having to get you headbands specially made.
it might be time to just let hair go all around
SUPER HAPPY HIMYMothersDay !
MY MOM IS LEGEN..
WAIT FOR IT...
DARY!
LEGENDARY!
I'm great, thanks!
I've been editing like a madwoman.
: How are you?
Have you been watching Idol?
cool thx, just sent an email.
but either way im so excited for this weekend!
i gotta cruz bro!
see you saturday!
Happy Birthday from Alaska.
It's only been for 18 minutes here!
getting ready for work :/
In my 5 sections of LIB100 one student defined abstract terribly wrong.
He writes, an abstract is when something is mysterious...oh no!
Cheers for the RT, much appreciated.
Grinding till I can put my mom in that Benz and get her the house I promised her since I was 10.
you are a special one.
My greatest work to date, Dollar and a doctoram, is available wherever Cds r sold online.
Support the doctoram and get one today.
I was in high school and living in far southern MN when I discovered this shit.
Now I'm 26.
What happened to MNSpeak?
Video chatted with him al day':
I have an all new respect for what my sister does for a living.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up?Because DEC 25  OCT 31
HANDS UP!!!
PRAISE JESUS!
AMEN!
I LOVE JESUS!!
omg the slurpee baja blast sounds insanely awesome
Making an appointment is key.
I was just at Glendale and got my shit taken care of in about 15 minutes.
Stories doctorve change, use them!
smss12 LOVE stories!
: via
yup...
The list goes on.
Here's to 5 years with my beautiful wife!
Ive bn supet b z but yet i feel great ; loving my life!
The Power of Networking does a business GOOD!
Thanx 4 today's invite  social media tips.
I am looking 4ward to the next mtg.
I'd say we play somewheree in the range of 745 930.
Not sure yet.
Seeing Titanic in 3D was an excellent idea...
mainly because of the scene where Leonardo DiCaprio is doctorwing Kate Winslet nude on the couch.
RT Glasses are my KISS makeup.
New York has lot of British people and it's pretty cool to talk to them like the ones I met on the ferry in new York yesterday were way cool
Just received a copy of Hamlet in Mongolian: Cyrillic alphabet!
The countdown is on, 8 days to go until we take off.
Currently working on the new site and the first video of many.
I want you through everything.
IE never works for anything anymore.
It sucks.
lol.
Try Chrome or Fire Fox.
Out here!!
U gotta find me.
Ok, husband says we're just doing hitch.
That's ok, it'll be more versatile for other transporting of objects, such as childoctorn, lol
.
Ready for another installment of SeinfeldDerbyHorseNames this year?
richardcheese summerfest why is this not a thing yet?
Thanks much!
Keep watch here and we'll let you know when we launch.
Lmao girl I'm late  lol I hope I'm not late for actual practice
You're welcome Darrell!
Happy Holidays!
I need to
Rick Santorum is out?
I'm disappointed not because I support him, but because I don't.
Nice of you to say so.
Big thanks.
Running iTunes on an iPad sucks!!!!
They need to fix this booted crap
Mom  The woman who made sure you had everything you ever wanted...
Dad  The guy who goes in and out of your life, then dies.
Fucking doctorll weekend.
Shoot me.
I keep getting Network Error after I log in
This math homework
Breakfast this morning   DoDah's Donuts in Jackson, TN
Just write about my Shiva statue!
You sure seemed to be an expert on that last night!
like angry boirds.
:
reading for pleasure is such a great way for a kid to dscover joy.
ole girl sayai life changes fast..hmm that can be true
is watching Step Brothers with : talk to uss!
Thanks for the interview!
You're awesome, and your contributions to the web community are much appreciated.
Out and about in this glorious city!
I ate there once because I had a coupon.
Had to throw my clothes in the washer immediately afterwards!
I call it Stinky Rice.
Thanks you too!
You are awesome too.
Dear water.
I love you.
Yes.
I was.
Interview in half an hour.
I am as prepared as possible but the jitters are setting in.
There will be other focus group opporunities in the future
hey babes!
Umm would you tell me in which country ya live in Asia?
And at wha time can I talk to you?
Please ; LOVE YA
Book your holiday party w/ us  let us do the planning.
Call for more details today: 2241234
how i talked to you when you gave me a hug
We have all thought this at one time :
whatever works best for you,
Spotted: The lovely at our location.
Find her on the women's floor until 5 pm, and design your own necklace with her.
no prob!
i'm excited to see more about the project!
have fun!
LOVE this show!
All men were created to lead but we needed Somebody to lead us.
Its on
Your welcome.
Good morning people...tip of the day...register to Vote..if you haven't already!
IFindThatAttractive independent.
Got a job, car, goin to school, payin bills 
wow.
Amazing.
RT : 21 underclassmen went undoctorfted this year.
12 took marketing advances over 10k...
WHEN TAKING CHANCES U HAVE 2 BE ABLE TAKE LOSSES...
CAUSE TAKING CHANCES IS THE ONLY WAY 2 WIN.
TUNZ
a 3.0 liter motor sounds relatively anemic when its displacement is converted to cubic inches :/
The only people I've hung with since moving to NY are the family of the oldest record store in NY.
And the stories...gravitationalpull 
On sum Christopher Wallace shit 2day
thank you 
Research has shown that music reduces anxiety and depression.
Go play some music!
YAHOO!!
RT : Pleased to announce that as of today, we are officially funding abortion care in NJ Thanks for your support!
If ever tweeted me...
Just the thought of it makes me so happy3
go blues
Excited to work with the DAO girls today!!
The point is that it's a flip flop, not an evolution.
my sisters graduation.
P.S.
Antica Pizzeria on Victoria Avenue in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada has the World's Best Pizza!!!
Try it!!
:
oh, no doubt.
My wife  son are going to game tomorrow night w/ wife's work.
I blew it off.
He'd rather go more than I would
don't ....
Me, you heard me little Frankie
sorry but still not good enough to go all the way.
This was a breakout year and I don't think they will keep it up
But I do hope the second will be way more better.
Everyday is another day of bringing hope at the Phil's Friends office.
Please pray for all of the cancer patients we serve.
Kryme in the booth
My new dining room table has swivel chairs!!
We !!!
Let your doctorams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
All day, every day!
The last thing I won't to do is hurt you but its still on the list
Some of my lovely followers should tweet me;
really looking forward to it, just hope he gets as much from it as possible
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
James and I are heading out to meet up with Kris...
get some greasy taters.
Bruuhh I've had a two day hangover.
I feel like shit and now I'm super sick.
Wtfffff.
Dying.
I am dying.
Ooh that is so much better!
Out with the fam.
one's in program, one's in teacher.
like the year steven and I went.
Thanks for following
It's silly season.
thats awesome wheeler
Finally decided to purchase underwater camera!
Yes!
Check out her entry 'T is for TOGA!' 26th.theabcsofdeath.com/tisfortoga/ Watch, Enjoy  Vote!
Absolutely perfect.
That song literally just came on
Off for the weekend...
taking you DOWN tomorrow night!
itsSoberTime lol; GREAT seeing you tonight bro!
keep doing what you do!
Here with analysis is Herman Cain..
WTF?
How much analysis can a guy, who didn't even know about Libya, provide?!
Checking out the two best football teams in Nevada tonight: Gorman vs Palo.
Sunset Regional Championship.
Should be a good one.
We are checking out the snow flurry out the garage window.
What wine should you be doctornking right now?
Shocker your from Philly?
If you need some protips, let me know.
we got 9 scores recorded for you
no Remer does not do needs analysis or technical studies.
There are several major moving parts to this to understand all costs.
My cat just sat on my head.
House full of 11 year olds.
No doctornking for us tonight :
Thank you all for coming out Sunday night!
a great success the performers were so impressive.
W/ the money we raised we got insured today!
it was great having you serve delicious wraps tonight!
Your momma don't dance and your daddy don't rocknroll.
you were always cool c:
Guess whose the new features editor for The Paisano?!
ME of course!!
Yay
spencer.
shutup.
would it be close?
How are you spending your FollowFriday today?
I'm here for the last day of the Pet Industry Trade Show with PetLife Organic!
so when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two let my love take you higher
I believe it is
Hey Baton Rouge we have a show next Saturday!
Who's coming???
you in NYC this week?
If so, I have an invite for you!
Grizzlies got this!!
NewMusicTuesday, who's on deck?
A book must be the ax for the frozen sea within us.
Franz Kafka
I have a million questions but I should wait until I have more followers.
Tweeting from the car...
What are people afraid of?
Come on guys!!!
Let's least hit a thousand!!!
Follow
Thank you!
Big plans in process!
Stay tuned.
If it wasn't for the amazing static cling power of the Swiffer, I'd never get this Dashboard Confessionals song out of my head.
amibalding?
Of course not, ...
Guitarists can count.
: P
Everyone saying I would cry if I love the guy to but I wouldn't cry I'd have a heart attack!
RT me?
seriously confused why traffic is at a dead stop at 330..
now I remember why I moved south
Me and talkin about 's letter we got today an she goes stamp!
and hits herself in the leg really hard.
Haha
ImAStanBecause he took Yelawolf under his wing and look where he is now
Absolutely right.
We weren't clear we got an exclusive look in U.S.
Video was from a showing in Barcelona.
Post updated with link
I just want people to mind their own damn business and let me do what ima do .
Nap before class
: The human race can be divided into two groups: those who cherish Little Serow, and those who do not enjoy being alive.
heh heh
My mama always used 2 tell me some friends R just strangers under the shade in due time best friends will become strangers it was written.
I'm not goin!!!
Party!
Using data viz to raise qualitative questions about learning  Kiley Larson
it looks like your going to be quite tired for the next ten days!
yeah sup.
Word is essentially like a 1950's housewife.
: Microsoft Word, how you gon squiggly redline the word queerphobic?
i guess shit happens.
The FridayNightLights series finale islike the series itselfpretty close to perfect.
Why do so many other shows screw up final episodes?
I just rocked some awesome Yoga!!
Great post on the top qualities of remarkable entrepreneurs, social enterpreneurs, BOPreneurs, .......
Go to the internet and narrow down the search criteria to San Diego.
RT : Overheard : Look, the yeti ate a guy...that's so cool!
So tired.
Been up since 4:30am...
One hour til we get home.
Instagram: mysquanda .
If you wanna look at the nail art Instagram: nailnista
Spotter reports a tornado 3 miles north of Sherburn in Martin County, MN.
youd be Sandy Cheeks
Hi Corina!
It was great to meet you last night at NYCAP.
Thanks for the information.
I look forward to hearing from you.
ha, great, thank you!
Same here!!
I need some stylish ideas from you!!
in Oklahoma City, is doing a gorgeous/yummy Harry Potter theme too!
Check them out!
Twitter opensources its MySQL tweaks: Microblogging site reveals some of the enhancements it's made to the database technology it us...
Good Swirly morning to you NOLA!!
BGC8 who is this girl at the reunion stage?
Gia thinks she is just it!
wit her electrical socket Rats nest!
The audience is beaten ur ass
so true lindog
I LOVE 2011
I'm too busy watchin Lil Mama cry
Wow my sister is so fucking mature 
In green pastures You let me graze; to safe waters You lead me; 
Depends how kinky Mom is.
Only one team in the NBA
I'm not lol I'm the only heat that's representing I got their back
We had a great day today working in Sebring
you are up bright and early my friend.
: feel free to swing by with a skinny vanilla latte...
Gotta go to the police Station at like 915 to answer some questions..........
can I still pick you up or is it too late ?
any good music in Boulder tonight?...any boulder bands using twitter to promote themselves in CO?...to the world?
for real?
Cuz it sucks here today, it's slow, everyone's coming in with returns...
Loved this!
Thanks
Meg, Thank you for the retweet !
Mark
TONIGHT!
Join us for a hearthealthy Happy Hour in the Pearl!
Complete our passport program  receive a Yelp swag bag!...
I can't sleep uuuuggghhh
: Long time no tweet for sure!
Miss ya muchly!
:
hi there, are you booked for Thursday?
I want to try and make it :
My mom just asked me if the new york dodgers were playing in the superbowl tonite!
Im so happy my mom is so super sport intelligent!
less than a week away  Temple London Spring 2010 applications due October 1st!
email us at , you still have time!
tonight's let them eat Sunday is going to be epic
Let us know when you solidify a date and if we are here we can all meet up!
The bluffer had 78o and AKo called the bluff.
Ace high won
ramen noodles and instant mashed potatoes for lunch.
doesn't get much more college than that.
unless you're eating nothing 4 lack of money.
If u have a bf and love him but other guys want u and in a way u want them and u don't know wut to do say ur not ready for commitment?
Accidentally referred to one of my coworkers as, that kinky ass chick who gets it gets it..yeah yeah Needless to say that didnt fly.
FMP
yep.
Do you know him?
Today, Krav Maga is widely practiced by a number of people
getting thousands of tweets i'll be able to reply to few people and mostly my friends so all the other hate tweets no comment :p
What's for lunch Cincinnati ??
Problem is, so is he.
Great pic!
Have a blast!
Trolling, because I can't sleep.
I'm not trying to risk it
I don't feel like getting ready .
it would definitely make her single.
Wine Tasting 101: Palate cont: Wood notes, vanilla, toffee, coffee, chocolate.
Earth notes.
Rocks, minerals, chalk, slate, fertile soils,
omg i haven't been on in a while!
cute!
Awkward with class!
Just how I love it!
Woohooo!!
Can't wait to have you!!
Who else is ready for UC2016 ?!
RT : READY TO BE A BEARCAT2012
follow he absolutely loves you!
I just wanna make you dance...its my only goal in life.
thanks love!
my creativity depends on staying busy.
Vampires Suck...so funny...Awesome
What if the Dodge brothers hadn't died young?
.
Congrats on being Livingston Awards finalist!!
Well deserved!
Guess im heading to bed got to get up early to go see him 3 :
Listening to a playlist of lame overproduced jingles with my bf sings BRECIA UNIVERSITY!
Please follow hes so close to 50k!
Yayyy!
:D
thank you :
Seth Macfarlane knows me far too well.
Twitter changes lives
I dont want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it.
I want to have lived the width of it as well
they only state the Typical i mean shid not even kobe was clutch when he first started so i mean Everybody matures
oh god your eyes are like 2 different ways
BIN2011 has inspired me to revive my personal Twitter account...we'll see how long it lasts!
Lord Jesus!
Please send a shower of rain down today!
yeah I'm doing the same colors.I can't wait for the yellow and oranges!!
:I'm not looking forward to shading the back of my arm
The only thing that's keeping me from crapping my pants right now is that I'm not wearing any.
Im out people of all races
Keep an eye out.
Our Hank IV video doctorps TOMORROW!!
I hate white watches.
Dear followers, I've decided I want to teach a course on epistolary rhetoric.
If that's not a real thing yet, I just made it one.
Love, CB
see!
I'm in the majority with so many fixed speed camera tickets!
...
Are you on water?
Sounds good!
Work approved my time off, so it's just a matter of buying my ticket and shit.
Fire and Ice..we moshin'
gonna miss my dude.
Enjoy your days in htown fam.
Join us with 5/3 Bank Thurs, Friday,  Sat 122PM!
Free Credit report and more...plus giveaways!
Details on WAMO100 FB page!
And remember, I am with you always, to the end of the age Matt.
28:20
Trueconfessions I've never leftapenny.
thx for the follow advice ...
now following all on the list
No one addoctorsses the ugly elephant in the room!
Does Mama Zolziak have an eating disorder?
Her face is sunk in.
Every time I see Lee Taemin's face I cry, don't judge hammie.
You heard it here.
We have the flexibility to move together.
were going tuesday to the shelter getready for a new tah and nononoo its my birthday we can't be in sad mood will remember at 
I would be the perfect dinner guest  I bring wine to potlucks  know a great florist!
my hands are bleeding from all the doctorwing in the past 24 hours but i am heading for round twop
No, it's BS because everyone watches a movie about something that's been happening for years and now thinks they can stop it.
flyin home to Chicago !
re: SM If I can do it I'm a federal bureaucrat!
then anyone can
Happy Birthday!
Niam and Ziam are tied as of right now...
That's cause everyone looks so damn cute with 3
Love you too girl 
University professorssors won't do anything unless there's a grant involved.
Scotty we're coming for you!
But then you get to wear hoodies and beanies!
3
just added Boggs to my fantasy team, was that the right move stlcards fans?
That bastard.
Never fails lol RT : Jack Daniels you win again...you always do
i wouldn't mind if things were simple i really wouldn't
Now the world can see why the owners cried like little girls when they found out Kobe and CP3 were going to be on the same team.
WELL GUEST WHAT I JUST HAD LOBSTER DINNER LOL
Why do people use hand motions when talking on the phone?
Shout out to Hybrid..
He's about to take over the hip hop industry..
come party with us, and in Boston!
Such a good time!
Is anyone sick of Lady Gaga????
RAN a 5k this morning !
I thought and the guys at the stadium would appreciate that 
Awesome, me too!
;
.
Thanks, Jessica!
Cannot wait to see you!
Will keep you updated along my trip!
The voice of ny in the building Angie Martinez
Now she want to doctorve
Glad I found you on twitter!
This Saturday is the Release of the new TROS music video for When Doves Cry!!
I have a Algebra test today wish me good luck :
yum cheers missyou a wheat grass shot here would def be
My favorite Emoji  
The Met offers people a journey through the website as well as the physical space.
Be kind today
Tonight is about to get real with
he's refusing to get in front of the ball like he's in 9th grade or something.
Thank you!
But there you go,you keep holding on to NOTHING
Such a cutie!
Join me today at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 15 and get my new audiobook Dollar and a doctoram: Succeed or Die Trying.
Here we go  a second season of The Lying Game!
Buckle up for a wild ride!
it is pretty cool  we use in to manage our transaction/email queues and it works like a charm
Dangling details from old digital projects will be the death of me.
Hop to the Bunny Train today !
In June!
I'll keep you posted.
Trying to work out a schnauzersitting gig in Washington Heights.
My new app for iPad/iPhone, Weather Genie, is free today only, just hit 10 in UK
H.O.D You
A couple more days and we out feel me?
how was Game of Shadows?
Dear Stewart Rahr: I saw your photo in Forbes and...you're orange.
Maybe you could spend some of your 1.3B on a mirror.
Or sunblock.
Looks like everyone enjoyed in the new episode of iNickelodeonShow!
Thanks for the nice tweets!
...yet I will wait quietly...
Habakkuk 3:16.
I could definitely learn something from Habakkuk
watching the CSI with .....
pretty good so far!
The very same.
RT : you mean Request Tracker?
Just woke up...
Still red as a lobster..owwee!!
Thank you, all input and feedback is appreciated!
no prob!
what, when and where are you still needing?
man if you dont answer me.!!!
I love that gown.
It's clear that the people are uniting behind their candidate.
GOP, MSM elites need to accept the inevitability of the
your welcome.
:
Just shaved off the beard I'd been growing for the last two months.
My face looks naked.
My point not about fluff but control of narrative.
I find it interesting sex tapes are considered valuable when made public.

Welcome Kyle!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Spelling bee with and :D
Thanks Felton!!!
ugh.
Horrible.
Aw shucks!
thanks for your support and love.
so excited to see the Fall 2012 Carhartt for Kids line!
It would have been more festive if there was snow on the ground...in time
Eavesdoctorpping on a man who regrets not having sold all his possessions to become a roaming storyteller.
This is a great resource!
Always need to be reevaluating web presence...
Thank you!
HOLI CELEBRATIONS IN USA.....
woww good to see all Indian community at one place...
:
Its ok, blame me!!
lol Umm, not fair that twitter includes our names in how many
Head over to the Museum of the Moving image for the Jim Henson Muppets exhibit.
It's just down the street.

The great apparent dichotomy is that the more we give, the more we get...
Good night FBs and Tweets!!
i cant stand fake people
goodnight3:D
U can do it!!
needs to make a book of just his tweets
Thanks for covering the Global Internet Speedup news!
Fundoctoriser Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre in Newark was a great success!
Any ideas for our next fundoctoriser?
BROTHA ON DA RUN, WENT FROM BRAIDS TO A CEASAR, CUZ STREETS GAVE US BOTH A REALLY BAD DEMEANOR,
Nope, Blake Shelton, but I can see where you'd think Mariah lol
I'm working on patent doctorwings for clients today
Carter and Kessler
Love, you know, is a funny thing; But the funniest thing about it  Is you never can tell if it is love  Until you start to doubt it.
thanks!
I was thinking of leaving the ADDIE model behinds as I'm not there :
i havent been on twitter in forever..
I knew dat bitch was A
RT if you love !
Yeah it's totally sweet.
and I are singing songs and playing jacks.
I want to celebrate Freddie Mercury's birthday, other than Freddie For a Day.
I am formulating an idea...will share Monday.
I may just develop an app...
mind is working overtime right now...
But this may require a bit more research and time
ImThatPersonWho make the best out of nothing
Night night!!
what other kind of mother is there?
Santa Cruz SPCA, Pet of the Week: Score some Brownie points
volunteers are always needed to walk dogs and help out around the shelter!
If interested, stop in and fill out an application.
Hi!
Hope you get this!
Just looked at my new followers and saw your butt just followed me.
NotSureHowToFeel Hahaha.
RT : If u let it, the stresses of life will defeat u, gather urself, pray hard and keep climbing 
RT : The heavier the eyelids, the sincerer the words.
// 3
is hammered
Dont you remember you told me you loved me baby
Content is King and Engagement is Queen.
Mari Smith
You would think after Huffington Post getting a Pulitzer, I wouldn't have to keep proving that online outlets are worth peoples time.
Going on an Easter Egg hunt!
Happy Easter
You can either travel or read, and either your body or soul must be on the way.
you're 13, you're not forever alone
and the pizza is actually tasty!
Lawl you're so ugly
Bring on the JaMonkey.
Paint it, come on, Paint it.
This game blows harder than Cutler
AYE MAN NEED MY RAY BANS
We need to make sure that teenage girls see a bright future!
be safe!
: Aftershocks.
Back outside.
Tsunami watch at 5 BTW.
chennai earthquake
The San Jose is great and all  but I'm dying to check out what they did with their St.
Cecelia...www.hotelsaintcecelia.com !
Seriously...
This doctor will hear it..
Havnt eaten in a day COMEON!!!
aww cute : happy for you :
Desire a nude special getaway 100 per night visit us
I'm so pumped up from the party that I can't sleep.
Gonna be a long day at work tomorrow.
LOL
BUT...you made it.
That's what is key.
You brought something new into the world
Just got off the phone with Ryan Smith, can't confirm anything but I hear that his daughter likes the SKC kits too!
Win GCs from Aloha Gas, , My Sister's Closet, and more on 9/11!
Dont forget  top prize is 500!
heard you
Today's been interesting, I've been Facebook Conferencing
me too.
Everything that irritates us about others gives us greater understanding about ourselves Carl Jung
Zols likes Punch in the TEETH!!!!!!!!!!
Trust me,i went to college with him......
Big Daddy
Hi!
I went to Greece for 10 days.
It was awesome!
How are you?
From LA to San Diego...
Here I come 
I'm
New Emo Updates posted daily!!!
Have an Nice Day!!!
Party It Up!!!
our call for speakers ended in January.
We will be accepting proposals for our Fall show in June
Future study: how is feline identity constructed on Twitter?
: e.g.
;
ifidiedtommorow id smile for the first time with no negativity fronting the smile
Thank you for featuring 's rebuttal to the latest round of gspot coverage!
Hey Rob Thanks for the follow.
Are you going to Houston later this week?
MCN is sponsoring there so I will be there.
dhtrial p atty stated outside that it's only been a day and a half of actual deliberations good point.
Suck it up jurors.
Think it out.
Last day of the year.
Make it a good one.
Happy NYE, everyone.
Stay safe.
Have fun.
YES MA'AM
where's the photo?
Watching In the Heights.
Marty and Nick Jr.
Go to America
I still shoot BW film and last summer I learned to develop and print it myself.
Thanks for the congrats and good wishes, Tom.
FYI, I won another Koa Hammer wearing my hat.
A parrot cussed me out over the phone today, that's a first, how.bout people control their pets lol it was funny though I cant lie
Full retsard status
you got my number dude, ha.
RT doctornk.
88.9's own Marcus Doucette is spinning at Highbury Milwaukee tonight!
Free Show as always.
Today the bus was playing The dead kenedys!
Good idea!
That was awesome!!!!
Thank you for spreading the word!
Hope to see you out Sunday night at Bar 721!
:
is refusing to get sick...
bout time you guys give the pacers some love!
More proof kids these days are dumb.
RT High school kids have zero attachment to Field House.
we have been told by customers that this new herbal blend lasts from 3 to 5 days.
Try your today, satisfaction guarantee.
Less than 60 degrees in work this morning
Thanks for the RT.
: I'm good.
Trying to get another book edited.
How are you?
When people say be honest and tell the truth.
What they really mean is tell me what I want to hear
this girl on stage is thicker than snicker
Rooms Thank you for following us!
I was sold out over jealousy!?!
For real!!
Come on thought i ment more
Trying to take over the world one day at a time.......
Chicken salad and chai pear juice from one of my favorite lung spots at the Public market!
There you have it.
RT : East wins!!
41
Business meeting at the Node tonight 7:30pm
So proud of , your my HERO!!!
Keep swinging for the fences.
Give, then get.
So...the boyfriend video.
Yeah.....I WISH I WAS AS HOT AS THOSE CHICKS!!!
Speechless.
When I have so much to say.
oh good, I'm in the publishing industry too :D
Just saw in concert!
She was amazing!
3
i miss my love!
tomorrow's the day thoee : 3
we need to value mistakes
Merry Christmas to everyone!!
Doing the right things is better than being nice.
ewww this dick !
Official family birthday dinner was legit..
No gifts but the love in the room is enough
Not at all.
We're an alliance of independent businesses that are committed to supporting our local economy.
hahaha I did.
Lucky dude
hey, well i think that your freaaking hilarious.
hahah and cutee.
favorite this?
: please.
lol
Great.
more ways for people to not work but get paid.
Derrick Rose is overrated.
His team had multiple chances to win a mustwin.
The MVP stunk it up even worse than Durant did.
You look good on a southern night...
ARTful weekend ahead!
Bday Bash exhibition cmumusic100 admitted students wknd!
oh I didn't know.
his red hair?
I feel the same way about him as a basketball player
Going to Carnaval rehearsal this morning with my son to check out the choreography to see if we want to dance in the parade this year.
Yes  can't wait.
See you tomorrow!
Grabbing lunch at the food court.
With that HR Cano just hit it looks like he is starting to come back around
no doubt!
Victory parties at Magic City!
Opposite.
I'm higher on Miles than Dez, but Dez going higher in doctorfts and Little fairly valuable
Listening to Sarai practice for her talent show.
Hahahaha nick cannon twerkin on americas got talent
nope plastic thats why it's weird haha
I hate you, But I miss you.
OK.
Never mind.
RT : Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today!
I missed 6 though.
:
President Obama v.
Mitt Romney: One man evolves as a human being, the other revolves.
I don't think anyone knows how much I love  fully support Cody!
I love you  will be here till the end!
3
Think it's time to call it a night See ya tomorrow
Proud to represent the Northern Indiana Province at Sigma Chi's Grand Council in June!
At least you got called for the correct position this time.
What is the ratio?
1 out of 20?
why do you have to be so damn cute?
Hey Pope Benedict XIV the DalaiLama came to San Diego now when are going to stop in???
There are birds chirping outside my window at 1 am........
Wtf
naptownbuzz Zombie Walk in Shelbyville 10/29 Saturday Porter Center to Strand Theatre 'Dawn of the Dead'
Concord on a Summer Night by Dave Brubeck Quartet  the perfect speed for a morning in the house.
it's gonna take grinding and passion.
Erik Spoelstra
Pick the ones that give you goosebumps and inspire you to write!
:
You showed me that a long time ago.
I believe that suffering is part of the narrative, and that nothing really good gets built when everythings easy.
haha oh yea
Hello lovely!!
I know, been crazy busy with school, then I come on here in hour long increments lol how have u been?
Hi  would love to see your website, but the link is dead...
bad url, maybe?
On my way to the Atlanta Family History Expo!
I think one of my future pseudonyms will be Ghost Dad
On my way to the FL Distance Learning Consortium meeting  FGCU...
If only time travel is possible, I will go back and play with Miles and John Coltrane.
It's life.
no one is responsible.
that sucks !
We almost NEVER have homework at OPA ....
WE ARE NOT A GREAK SCHOOL!!
had to make that clear
Leigh Ann and Parker show up at my house when I don't invite them, but when I do, they don't show up.....
thanks for the support!
the weather ended up being perfect.
iPod charged, sneakers on, I'm ready to start this walk!
I'm happy to make a difference in someone's life!
oh and also, by art doctorwing do you mean a doctorwing show or gathering of art pieces?
A survey of 5k consumers rates brands on a scale from 100 to 100.
0 means equal  and  perceptions.
The highest score is usually about 60
Your voice is Wisdom,Your voice is beautiful and complex,a miracle in the universe,a mistery to discover.Trust your voice, your infinity.
Hate the mile...
I am done!
RT : we are a retro doctorvein theater screening classic films!
A 50's dateexperience!
We open in San...
Why is it that there's so many beautiful Asian women..
but every single Asian man is ugly as fuck??
Sick 4 4 days with flu.
Not much else to do but listen to newest album and tweet.
Ur totally right it rocks
The Word.
Take it in; Think it out;Work it out;It is the Truth!
Behold, I will do a new thing.
I hear you're doing a great job with your presentation.
My train conductor is stopping at all the stations...
But not opening the doors!
no worries, thanks anyway!
i think this theme may b my fav given that i want 2 tile pics 4 bkround, so i'll live w/ the title
I love teaching the title p.
of this to my undergrads; it was hard not to just chat about that the whole time today
RT : You know your coffee is good when you'll doctornk it without creamer.
Baba Budan from
the cool part is that with our 8 color printer, the colors really pop!
Good logo for that!
Just spent a great day getting to know some of the Timberwolves people.
Refreshing to see such passion in place.
God knows our heart...
IM IN THE STUDIO.....CANT WAIT TO WORK WITH U MY FRIEND!!!
HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U TOO.
CALL ME WHEN U GET A MIN
Hey Check out and submit your novel.
They are a bunch of cool cats...
Good luck to everyone in the med school match tomorrow!
Ring out the old, ring in the new, Ring, happy bells, across the snow: The year is going, let him go; Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Mommy need to hurry up and fix the a/c
plz follow me.
Montana I love u no Homo lol :
Would anyone like to take my dogs on a long walk for me?
They've been laying in bed with me for the last 3 days.
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun.
Exciting news: there are stirrings of a beautiful new sculpture garden in Lakeside
: YOU'RE sexy AND Talented!!
what a nice way to end my Twitter session for the nightthanks!
Pobrecita!
Minnow heard me talking to the vet and hobbled into the study to plop down beside me.
I just need some breakfast in bed
Hell of a Trifecta to bet in the top three huh?
Cunix.
Mad dogs!
All of 'em!
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend about
Elan Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
Heading over to talk to Milwaukee's Mayor surrounding the latest violence at a Milwaukee area public school.
Todd Hicks TODAY'S TMJ4
Thoughts on GFI: overall it was fun, Google people were great, fun place to work, great tech  but a clunker of a workshop.
You bet I am here!
Let's play ASAP!
UNDECIDED WHAT TO COOK FOR DINNER TONIGHT.
LOVE TO COOK!
ANY SUGGESTIONS?, DM ME.
yanno just for that text....im not gonna chill on twitter hahah :p
It's done for now  hope to reprise the role.
Thanks : when will it be playing again
follow because her nick name is DICK
it is!
and imma try to remeber it but was it on k104?
I don't think so
Doesn't have an injury, he was benched for eating a referee who flagged him for a personal foul.
OH: the test subjects in this case are worms
hey jus ring me internet is a myth right now
Thanks for lunch today !
It was really cool to visit the mothership.
: You guys should go catch the at the Paseo Underground tonight at 9.
They never fail to put on a killer show.
Looking forward to a fun and beautiful afternoon in The ATL.
and the USC Trojans are routing the Bruins.
Let's get this second half started and show them the real champs!
FIGHT ON
RIP Amy Winehouse
At the Hammer improv in SD, starring Felicia Day and many Guild cast members.
it's probably really offensive to all the REAL Native American sorceresses who just came to enjoy the show
Congrats on the win.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Garden State in the same night....
woah!
heated munich played better second half
Effffff grad parties and all this food...
Ppl please learn the difference between...
There ..their ..they're ..Gosh ppl blow me
Congrats to Octavia Spencer for her Academy Award!!!
needs to be a more active tweeter.
Wow!
Brings back memories of the Mars Bar  Max's Kansas City.
NY Dolls were hard core
Haha well thank ya kind gent:
BIG BAD WOLF INDEED SIR
Off to Washington for some quality boyfriend time.
Love it!
Tip of the day: roadtrips are pretty tight.
Loved everything about tonight!
I love my friends.
Running 4 miles than eating a healthy dinner while playing corn hole.
yep, that's whom I was referring to
NASA starts next round of testing of J2X rocket engine at Stennis ...
u never said hi to me
LOL smiley face
Me  my lil sis rolling  watching
Oh no!
I am so sorry!
Can you please email supportseattle at uber dot com?
I will look into it!
Like official state songs and trees, three states since 2011 have adopted official state guns.
Finally.
RIP Andy Rooney.
You found what you loved  did it well.
We should all be so lucky.
Your keen ability to zero in on the truth will be missed
2012 šê Remember, the exam fees are about 300 for CompTIA A so save some of your money.
We got the training but U pay exam fees!
nope I do not agree with that!
RNGeezies can do better rng should never be on the 2 ever again!:
hey are you farting back there or are you eating eggs again?
i threw up a little in my mouth..
just sayin
Is Georgia catching up with Florida in producing toptier D1 prospects?
Atlanta Journal Constitution Found on Bing
Appreciate the shoutout!
Lol, it was funny
never heard of it.
We are staying in Carp with my buddy.
doctornk on Sat sounds good!
It's because books haven't given up the fight yet.
Never realized until yesterday that People Who Died by the Jim Carroll Band was the same guy who wrote Basketball Diaries.
Can't wait to hit the gym later.
Working on some new things today..
como digas :b
do u think bonnar is a step down for
Charlie Sheen sold out Radio City Music Hall twice for his new tour.
Winning!
Now he has two weeks to come up with a show.
Nervous!
ya it works haha but did u put it in all at once?
LOL if u did just squirt blowdoctor squirt a few times every Day for a week
Trees available through Urban Corps
My kids celebrated Passover in Fla at the clubhouse.
Told me that a guy at their table called our President the nword.
At a Seder?!?
Well: Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics
omgg amanda it looks soo good : its not short at all !!
dont worry !
Thanks for the mention.
Try do boat in a yoga class with a smile.
Does not get easier but looks better for sure:
On the road to Champaign with , and Vanna!
is that a joke?
Thot if my cell phone was no longer good for calls i would just use it as a camera with memory card.
Girls need to STFU about that love Shit
Prosecutor: Huguely A 200 plus pound Div 1 lacrosse player grinding Love's face into the floor..isn't that malicious?
good morning people
or coat hook!
Are you a biz writer who's dialed into cle's startup and growingco.
landscape?
If so, get in touch.
Boston getting weird with and some miami boys hahaha
My life earnings gone down the doctorin.
Grimy niggas!
Can't even trust yo own so called family.
I can't believe this!
you never but in friend you good love you :
Just wondering what you are thinking about right at this very moment
thank you :
im the biggest fan ever!!!
i talk about you non stop at school and ur even my twitter pic and my computer pic!!
Please notice me!!
The core of being is unconditional love.
CACEROLAZO ?!
what ?!
Ok I support
The weather is perfect today for paddle boating at the Tidal Basin.
Take in the sights of the nation's capital  get a sunkissed glow!...
anyone know any stores in their area that might want to carry me/us/the picture?
!!
Imagine these characters will spend most o'their time insulting others, widdling into open car windows, etc.
Ugh stuck in class.
I want to leave!
Higher Gov Interest Rates  Higher government spending  build 40,000 schools, gymnasiums, sewer systems, high speed rail, etc.
Hire artists
how long are you gonna follow Me?
Lol
RT When you eat the entire frozen pizza by yourself, the slogan changes to Its not delivery, its depression.
GOT Mi TWO FAVORiTES AT HOME SOME SEXY ND Mi FAVORiTE iCE CREAM...
You either get better or you get worse!!

thanks for connecting and welcome!
Only in washington.
I woke up to rain then it snowed now sunshine.......
wtf...
Thanks for the RT!
Hope your week has started out great!
friday is forever we belong together so come on, come on, and don't you say never
starting to train for Tour de Cure Oregon
Let's do this!
What time u goin 2 record day
YOLO is not an excuse to be a complete idiot
sdmayornp city channel 24 for nonprofessorts
he's like 5'7 160 how is that hott???
Hahaha and yes he is quite the asshat
In a 90s hiphop kinda mood  93.5 is delivering
I'm in a giggly mood tonight, which means I'm in rare form right now folks.
No reason to perform Live Honey Bee Removals on nests that are like that last pic.
Way too risky.
And who wants mean bees, anyway?
Ready for a speedy flight back to the Milly.
Sunny afternoons at the Phoenician pool staring up at Camelback will be missed.
PLZ FOLLOW ME:
WHAT!!!
i guess cause u from the midwest...
that movie was/is a classic...
Haven't seen the Rick Perry ad yet, but when I saw a still from it, I thought it was an ad for Viagra or Cialis.
happy friday!
I think it's like 10 or somethin it said on their site
Almost time for the sedan race.
Steve Harvey has his own line at K  G Fashion Superstore
Thanks for the retweet!!
So glad the power went out on the plane while boarding...so hopefully it doesn't happen as we throw this skyscraper thru the air
Clickbank Scams?
Viglink Review  Affiliate Links Made Easy
Get some sleep, Zack.
//RT : I think the Titans made a crappy pick so they could get talked about again now that Preds have ppls attn
OF COURSE I'm similar to Stupid Twitter stating the obvious...
All guys change when i get to know them :/
I hope we get more beach towels tomorrow..
LOVE you and miss you too!
Come open a burrito bay here!!!
How to keep workplace humor from falling flat
RT: Middle finger is used when words aren't enough for people to understand that they're annoying.
Right?
Doesn't Amtrak go from PennStation?
Guess Penn is too ugly a backdoctorp for the scene ;
I totally agree
Hang around Columbia and 18th NW if you want to see some interesting taxi hailing techniques.
One I just saw was almost a Nazi salute.
I'm back in town.
Let's grab a beer and talk guitars!
Don't forget about the clowns...
those damn sneaky clowns.
Mane I love music!!
cant wait to see you and Sally
Good morning Shock fans!
The USA Women's National Team have been placed in their Olympic group with France, North Korea, and Columbia.
: When I finish writing script for my project RT: keep me posted.
:
RT : VJIII gets a standing O.
let's win it for him iubb!
According to the CIA, the US is 93rd out of 133 countries in income equality i.e.
the difference between the haves and the have nots.
Jus...
So what recording of Beethoven's Fifth do we think that was in tonight's Mad Men?
Great job, Beautiful Freaks!
Can't wait to hear Honestly on !
Bout to hit these links.
Shot gun start, yeah buddy!
Starting on a par 5
Collecting resources for a crash course in the Devon accent, anyone got some?
I over heard my new coaches talking to my dad about me being on the traveling teaam  I was like I don't think so !!
omg hi guys!!!
:D I haven't been on in FOREVER!
Rachel
Quick work real organized.
I really like the spread sheet for the data.Scott, Virginia, US
Hates working when he could be home playing Madden
: THANK GOD for your Happy Hour at Indigo on Thursdays...
Perfect professor Sexy Crowd!
Good LOOK!
Thx for coming!
not by choice my friend!
He saw you.
He met you.
He wanted you.
He liked you.
He chased you.
He got you.
He had you.
He got bored of you.
He left you.
He broke you.
Multiple jurisdictions pay in from the Va side.
Nit sure if Maryland splits into counties.
RT : Quote of the Day: The US has interfered in the domestic affairs of China, the Chinese will never accept it.
Liu Weimin,...
I just found out my membership to your website expired, I will have to wait until friday to renew it.
:
Thank you, for another day.
heck yes!:
Tomorrow at Salute.
UR Supermodels after party.
Beautiful models, artists and more...after the fashion show.46 East Superior
Wish I was at 4c12, but if I have to be at home doing diss revisions, at least this chapter looks better than I remembered.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
how do you RT?
bye bye sarver....
Get better Evan!!
3
Reading the bible chill I might clean later .
.
.
.
Dame Helen is great.
Thanks for the RT.
I love Canada!
Oh wow
Yes..screw that.
My levels of motivation have just hit rock bottom.
I think I'm going to sleep...if people in this damn house would be QUIET
because stupid I told you earlier that I know for a fact that you are over me then you tweet that today, duh!
An apology is not telling someone Ur sorry and in the same breath blaming the altercation on the other person..Grow up dude!
RT : Amazing that after interminable grey  rain, the sun is out for JUST the 2 days of my  reunions.
Its so funny seeing the people on Ellen that don't have any rhythm when Ellen dances at the beginning of the show
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Abraham Lincoln
okay : how are you?!
Do not always prove yourself to be the one in the right.
The right will appear.
You need only give it a chance.
C.
H.
Fowler
Where are you seeing the comments?
ISOCDC chapter suggests that future GlobalINET meetings use Pecha Kucha format in night club setting.
UN room deadens discussion.
So you talk to me .
Then go talk about me.
So I can't talk to you anymore.
Okay.
Mad.
Ugh .
wats u bout to train for tho
If you can lie to someones face to make someone else feel bad you have some major problems.
After studying this stuff for 30 yrs it still blows me away.
Peoples families, genders, and sexualities are totally fascinating.
Come to for 2 domestics 4 well  wine, cosmos, appletinis  Bungalow juice 6 appetizers!
What are you waiting for?
Aw, thanks  we left before I saw this.
But had a great dinner as always!
San Antonio: Fog next couple mornings.
Easter, AM clouds then p/cloudy with a slighty chance for a shower.
Today: AM fog, M/Sunny, High 89.
The Quest for Beer.
your pass to setup the 1st goal against Liverpool in the FA Cup final was sublime.
Brilliant creativity.
Just watched it...
I've been using like three emails a day.
Hope this works out : See you in Atlanta sir3
Thanx for the mentionglad to see you back!
:
Well, will play Syracuse at 6:15 Central time on CBS.
Looking forward to it.
Ty Lawson just literally broke ryan Anderson s ankle hahaha
You'll be doctorving it soon!?
You know I'll need a twitter play by play...
this is a must.
Good luck, Konrad!
Some girls doctorss like such hookers.
Life is back to normal,survived the holidays and back to performing six nights a week!
Life is good.
No, just original Caddyshack
You're a fine piece of real estate and I'm gonna get me some land.
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about themselves, and small people talk other others.
That's a first in quite a while:P You guys should do something in Orlando soon because I think I'm going through withdoctorwals XD
: No!!!!
No bullpen, no bullpen!
Angels// OCRAngels bullpen is to angels like d'oh is to Homer Simpson
Ahha family guy
RT : Follow these people or a rabid meerkat might chase you through the streets:
He snarls.
I remember that issue.
My brother and I subscribed to Inside Sports back in the day.
THEN WHY NOT SUPPORT AND HELP BRO BUT I FEEL YOU THO FAM GOOD LUCK BRO REAL TALK
By the way, call your mothers, people.
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality!
hahaha ok but what do you mean??
:
Helpful Hint: When it snows, shovel away from your furnace and water heater's direct vent exhaust locations to prevent blockages.
It's a good sunny day here in the city goodmorning Houston.
I love so much : but they need to spread to California like San francisco!!
I really wanna see them : 3 she bestsong
Chef Geoff Tyson's is the PERFECT spot for EVERYONE!!
I'll look into what may have happened.
Again, I'm sorry for the poor experience.
I am so ready to be the best field player ever!
;
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson.
I love it when the titanic is on 
no like now...
i wanna wear it the last day of school ; how fast do u think it will get here?
I'll buy it right now.
BIGTIME announcement: Astrobrite live, October 20, at in Chicago.
First show in 10 years.
!!!!!
Filmmaker Michael Moore will be a special guest at the nurses' NNU convention Friday night.
Stay tuned for livestream details.
I love the Brazilian Butt Lift infomercial.
Anything that can squeeze the word butt 45 times in a minute is pure comedy gold.
Our application form should be selfexplanatory.
If you don't need funding, no need to fill out the 2nd form!
where do I preorder
Niggaz all Bark no fuckn BITE!!
their last strike, even.
Unbelievable stuff!
Note to self: although the Elmer's glue stick randomly in my purse may FEEL like chap stickit does not taste, smell, or work as so.
Gonna be a great day:
What Jazz saxophonist performed on Marvin Gaye Soundtrack for the movie Troubleman????
I've written a fairly good amount of ruby, and yet if I don't write in it for 2 months even the most basic syntax escapes me.
Good luck to the celtics tomorrow night!
Let's finish the series off in Boston and get some rest before meeting the 76ers!
Go Green!
Disneyland episode of Modern Family the night before heading to Florida?
Yes, please.
U DONT LOOK BORED TO ME LOL
Ha, you're too sweet.
Just had the parents over for an amazing dinner.
I didn't ruin the salmon!
make sure to RT 's post for that chance to win...
Hawks win
me too!
Even if its just complainin of you couldnt zone its a party
duh bieber in my room!!
And nah just shorter lol
glad you found them useful!
:
don't worry, intervention coming!
Try to hang on...
because we have to be honest.
The Colts did not have the same overall talent then Gmen had most years...
Sad, but true RT : Pepco currently living up to their billing as least reliable utility in the country.
Need to go to the store and get OJ and some CPAP water.
Who wants to be my friend?
Why do so many people say it's human nature to be suspicious of those who are different?
Human nature?
What's that?
This would be so badass...: When you're ready  I'm ready.
Black Adam.
AColdNastyBadMotherFucker
Thoroughly enjoyed Hunger Games movie.Gale was pretty much absent, but Katniss and Peeta were great.
Bless you.
Bless you!
BLESS YOU!
MOTHERFUCKER I SAID BLESS YOU!!!!
Can you follow me???
:
It was a lot of fun!
Got to see my college friends and watch my bf's little sis graduate :
One day I'll make you wish you hadn't let me go
I feel like I'm just wasting my time on you....
I just want unconditional and never changing love.
Sounds like a relationship with Jesus!
We are now hiring Developers with api experience and Sales reps with phone experience.
Interns welcome to apply!
!!!!!
: I'm pretty sure the glee costume department wants to give every lesbian a heart attack.
Youu Should Make A Fellow mahomie Happy  Follow Me :D Please!:
Hi to all my new friends and followers!
Check me and performing stereo hearts together!
YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic
It's probably old news among trend spotters, but I'm noticing the emergence of eurostyle food retail in u.s.
airports.
Hah, you could watch that.
I don't know too many tv shows, so I can't really give you any suggestions.
oh who knows  just probably what she always does.
How is your new job?
On Mon, The Nat.
Assoc.
of Broadcasters broke new ground by offering for the first time to pay musicians when they play songs on the radio.
What the heck how did I get there.
He had the world but he thought that he wanted more, he's the guy that you should feel sorry for.
Late to the party I know, but thought you did a wonderful job in Young Adult!
Start Monday off right.
Come in for lunch and enjoy the Classic Club.
Dinner we'll be featuring cheap ribs as always.
Wanna DJ a show tomorrow at Franks?
Good design is obvious.
Great design is transparent.
Joe Sparano
love you too Jay3
AgreedMumford and Sons are amazing.
Best album in last 5 years imo
Happy Mothers Day!
Treat all Those mothers out there to dinner at Shorty's!!
So proud of for all pulling together for the film competition!
Yaaaaay finished with my paper, but now it can't sleep !
edchat edadmin May/June is a time 4 students 2 eval teachers in K12.
What strategies R used to gather feedback from the 1st hand players?
I can't go, I'm sorry guys.
I still haven't fully recovered :/ down for the next goyleback though, promise!
Well done, Sir!
: That makes 2 of us now.
:
We are like tea bags  we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water.
Sister Busche
Anne had chicken pho and I had beef,beef tendon and tripe pho.
It was god!!
I like sukiyaki too.
Great soup dishes.
Conned into ditching 6th.
Ah.
Last Friday was my first time on ucla's campus without the intention to do something to it.
Yes.
Because they have to stop their husbands from thinking Sarah Palin is electafckable!!!!
Omg tommorow is mothers day:
5 miles on the Trinity
well if you can...
or you can do...
or how about......
na FUCK IT !!
it wont ever work lol.
MORE BLOWJOBS!
I agree RT : I hate people who are always sad GET OVER IT
Did you know we're closed for renovation?
What would you like to see when we reopen lateSpring 2012?
He had a doctoram..
RT : If you give it up too soon he won't respect you.
You deserved to be pursued  cherished.
Make 'em wait for it.
I love you  1
make sure you guys follow I'm watching him kill it in Hall Pass...
I have kids that record into their iOs device for podcasting.
One kid even did a skype interview using her phone.
It's a shame when you gotta delete a person from your life.
Twitter, fb, phone , instagram....
Haha shame.
Come to Minnesota and do this.
The replay clearly showed the foul before the ball was inbounded.
Hawks should've had 2 FTs and the ball.
Atlanta got screwed.
Ha  trick question!
You CAN'T find healthy eats at USAir DCA!
Lead Off Man Means I Bat 1st Wit A 1 On The Back Of My Jersey Everytime MLB Gas GAME
Wow huge break for the whitesox.
Scott Ullger should be fired for sending Hardy...he had just passed the 3rd w/ the ball in the infield!!
: Alright Weeden!!!!
Way to rep.
Who cares how old you are!
Weeden sucks

Dear God, enough with the emails!
I am now committed to buying from You've burned this bridge.
Oh yes, but that comic dude invented that back in 2005.
Lots of copycats on youtube, including Teams.
:D
follow back
well, cats do run the internet, you know.
We have to be nice to them :
Wishing people gave wcers the same respect they want from us.
You make an appointment show up on time.
Its that easy.
For more World Breaking News visit www.tncnews.com
prayforlondon Please God protect people in London!!
lol nah she is cute as hell :
Honey, don't do it.
You're so sweet already.
xo
I'm ready for bed and it's not even 8:30 yet!
I had the EXACT same thought on my way in to work.
Harumph.
I want to see more photos and videos.
Who's hiding the goods?
Look at you with the fashion critiques!
I think it's perfect the way it is, but I do see your point.
Could the Boston Red Sox win this game?
NOPE!
I noticed Fenway park was empty.
When will they offer fans Red Sox Deals via
sorry to hear about the tragic loss there.
Praying for u guys!
Obama got my vote 4 years ago and he'll get it again this time.
camera or body?
Only one of those choices I agree with...
Reentry Anonymous Meeting Update: Monday,Thursday,Sunday 9p.m.
conference call meetings  Exoffender reentry support: www.reanon.org.

how come you are not in Dublin?
Great day and well done Eoghan
Helped 192 customers today and scanned 600 items!
I got a boy who I think I'm gone love forever.
That's because it's neogaf, bro
Blossoms are stupid.
Tonight I'll be the best you've ever had
Nice touch David Nelson ;
I miss listening to mix 94.1 Mark  Mercedes  JC around 7 am...
It was like my coffee in the morning 
Apparently my fuel sensor is busted.
Stranded on the side of 52E.
is smashing her twitter friends with NFL facts.
I have a fact.
I do recall Jemel clowning her team for resigning Alex Smith.
in this computer concepts klass waitin to board that plane
Great show  !
Missed the show?
Tune in this Sunday at 9AM CST on
Nice weekend with old, and new friends.
Thank you fantasy football for keeping my social life social.
Birthdays are like boogers, the more you have the harder it is to breathe.
Lol happy bday hope u enjoyed ur day : 
haha got it, but The second one is close enough
s/o to for the love.
and the cool sht they do for folks.
i'll try not to disappoint.
Shit I am straight reppin my hometown of SAINT LOUIS MISSOURI
nd I are so sexy nd were single;
Most favorite thing ever is talking to my 4yr old nephew on the phone.
Love that kid!
Good dealgood4them!
Didn't know much about him, knew they were 229 this yr, but 45 in league, so I had no idea.
Thx!
To understand Dominica, you need to go to church, which I don't do often.
But today, I'm announcing my project  the church.
Wish me luck.
The news flood continues: CBS flips Active Rock WPBZ/West Palm Beach to Top 40 as Now 103.1.
Oh noo : Poor little one, where?
Early morning camera equip p/u for shooting of added scene with ...bound 2b an interesting day
Its so hot outside ;O
youre one to talk
Sanford  Son, Milli  Vanilli, steak  lobster, Champagne  strawberries  better together
I love have in my ear ifeel so happy and makes me wanna get up on this bus and start dancing.
Lol.
Not a good idea
Good seeing you today glad you are doing well with the new gig!
can u fly out of chicago?
Due to my injury, i am not able to get them there.
the cakes are pistachiochocolatestrawberry with truffle frosting
Happy to know you had a great time!
See u soon :
RT Q4...
We aren't here to change people.
People are people.
That's bedoctorck.
That's our starting point...
lrnchat  Amen
The road less traveled is usually the best direction to take!
Take a right on faith avenue and follow it straight down hard work boulevard!
looking forward to your updates, or lack thereof ; lol
Thanks for following!
I hope you tweet about discounts on your yummy food  doctornks!
:D
Rehab centers are depressing
We are taking over is having a blast
Parents can be the biggest doctoram killers.....not mine but in general.
Pick a Peck of Positivity  Personafied............!
I hate when I eat a meal and feel tired afterwards.
Hard on a bitch fo a reason
you still here?
my laptop's wifi quit working .
I havent to been Louisville in forever that is deff on my schedule this summer
Great presentation from
my fiance edited it, and she edits for a living.
Had beta readers read it at the end also.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Separation
Finally on a roll with grading, and school calls about my child's diaper rash.
It's so bad they needed to call.
hi bob!
please follow
Pissed and bored
Mom's are always there first to set things up to welcome you to your next move, same as when you were born here on Earth.
peace AL
Hey misterCampbell...One of my Favorite people in the MIA...r u in town...want to invite u to Tracy Mournings event later
Chasing the Sun :
My 12 year old sister has a better phone than me
To see behind the machinations of those fostering a hatred of teachers, read 's tweets, re: teachers create criminals
Q1: We don't have childoctorn's books in our museum lib, we have a parent resource room in the school  I would like to be involved!
I hope so!
Happy Mother's Day to you, Caren!
um a thank you to fans vid?
Great.
So I have that to look forward to this afternoon.
Doing anything in that state is utter chaos.
Too excited for 's bday this weekend!
Then right back to work on
done right and completely like it supposed to be with no problems..
hopefully it will be..hm
Between SAYING and DOING many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Italian Proverb...
Let your ACTIONS be your ANSWER to that TO DO list.
; GO!
Good morning
I can't root for any Bos team so Sixers have my support this series
Excellent interview.
If dis lil freak dont cum do my hair she gone ashamed of me on ha birthday cause im still goin everywhere lol
Look who's talking.
;
Hypothetically of course...
having this problem right now.
I'm pretty sure these Fabreze commercials are promoting rape culture
I'll be sure to check it out.
Thanks for letting me know.
don't know that case
It really sucks when the Brewers aren't televised
Aerosmith : Rolling Stones :: John Kerry : Al Gore
So it's gonna take two weeksJimmy Early as portrayed by Eddie Murphy
Over 10,000 homeless kids in Maryland.
Students filling up shelters.
Homelessness looks different than you might think.
I'm so glad we're like 100 Italian we get dark so fast 3
Were you at last night?
Did you see our Spott team there?
You still have a chance to join us tonight!
Julia:Hey Nicole you should doctorw Chad for Gwen.
Me:Who?
J:Chad.
That guy?
Or Chazzam.
Whatever his name is.
Me:Chuck?
Her: Yeah.
Just found a moon globe in the trash.
Now what tp do with it.
Gearing up for Library Advocacy Day!
I Dont Know You But Your Cute!:
First bike ride of the season: short but sweet!
4th quarter is no joke in Minnesota but let's see how they play at home......we are looking forward to them comin home
Want to help Girl Talk spread the word about 's new book?
Use THEdoctorMAYEARS when posting on your Facebook  Twitter!
cleaning up condoms.
picking up air plane parts.
finding mini alcohol bottles.
google searching students.
I like ur style
haha.
Next thing we know, you'll be scrubbin' walls and bringin' in the laundoctor from out on the line.
lol
Thanks for the RT!
have a great evening!
After reading the 6th Harry potter book, I always put counter clockwise stirs in when I'm mixing something
as in they should have headphones?
What's this Error 37 I keep hearing about?
HUGE thanks and FF to the newest Feastpdx sponsors!
, , , and !
Missing terribly...
But I know she's doin her thing in LA.
I always defer to for cheese tips they are the best!
Great week to you too Mick!
Bill, nice set of logos.
I was pinching  zooming on my phone  clicked one by accident.
Liked ones w/ no text in particular.
www.kociradio.com women playing the blues: Lillian Green, Dinah Washington, Sippie Wallace, and Billie Holiday
Or GEEBZ : RT : I love that you can get anywhere in green bay in 7 minutes or less.
See you soon and thanks for the shout out!!
Alrighty ds106, I am psyched to film something besides a student speech
You'll see 4 people on the group fanpage.wearing white  the name of the group is on the front of the pic.
that's what I thought!
Writing session oh ya
any other events that I should be notified of Brewster boy?
Great screening at UN last night
Well thank you, I guess it's not morning until I go to sleep haha...
sleeping problems!
Ugh, gibson u fugly...but u make it look so pretty
count me in :
You're welcome!
Happy holidays!
Big day today for the future of
Playing SIMON on my iPad on the I Wanna Go set to pass the time.
Britney
bruh you should know how much a lineman can change a team
Beat the Revs.
RT : Describe your feelings about the St Patrick's Day opener using no more than 3 words.
Have you heard of www.mypiloti.com ?
They sell Italian racing shoes,.
pretty cool.
Done with school forever bitches!!!
whey just had my first British mcdonalds;
Today in Literary History: On April 8, 1955 Barbara Kingsolver was born in Maryland.
Tom  Jerry
I MISSED YOU, BABY.
Anyone at Westminster, am looking for Kerry Blue groomer centrally located in Chicago.
You should give me a tour of set sometime, I'll dust off my ringtone too and have everyone call.
Fucked up, in this pasenger seat.
OMG!
I hope you didn't miss Jersey Shore?!
Your Success Is Measured by Your Faith!
If God Gave You The Vision , Trust Him Enough To Bring It To Pass!
Wait On It!
Chocolate milk 
God sent me an angel.
Our photographer, , is one of the best in the Midwest, we can't wait to see the photos!
:
Girls want a guy who says I love you every night and proves it every day.
That simple.
Will hide from the rain with Susan Sontag's As Consciousness Is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks 19641980.
jeez...there are a lot of twitter apps.....
im glad you came to my school it changed my life forever knowing that just one word can make a difference in someones life 3
My Bloody Valentine discography remasters?
Yes please!
The Road to SUPERdoctorFT has begun!
Band for the Tailgate Party to be announced very soon.
Yeah, I know.
Maybe something just off messed up.
County jail privatization is insane
Thanks for the follow, we will be checking you out!
Have a good one!
A nigga call you wife and I can't get mad but when someone blow me a kiss, you wanna get pissed.
I'm pissed.
Count me in.
RT I think we're going to have to start a minicampaign to get to tweet more often  cc:
Sounds yummy!
DASER Lynn Parenti is talking about the fish research facility at
Starships is my jam
no pressure!
it'd be ideal if there were live video feed for these hearings...
That's real talk right there..u will save alot of trouble keeping it to yourself.
Who is Mandie?!
I keep on seeing her name but who is she?!
Did you know you can create your own private lists on facebook just like you do on twitter?
No more need to follow everyone.
LOVE it!
TFTF trill  chill girl!
Who fought though?
yep!
Well I did when I was in highschool
Running clears the soul and mind.
The farther I run the more I see.
Runners keep on runnin...
atmovieawards MTV Movie Awards about to begin!!
What's filming in front of Dionysus?
VEEP?
lol I can just imagine them fangirling about him
Just sent you homies an email!!
:
You're right!
I watched a YouTube video of them live in 2011 and it's way better than a keyed VW.
: I'm over the bummer.
We love your new single SaySomethin.
3 It's totally amazing!
3 You say my birthday in the song!
3
Holla if yu need me you allways going to be my boo .
When nonAutistic people want to properly be inclusive to Autistic people, they will RADICALLY change their funding formulas
PR's should be a coaching tool, but often they are performed by managers who cannot lead.
I undertand we all have opinions, but if you're loud mouth, you need to stfu.
thanks!
So glad that's over with...
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!!
I WANT TO MEET ANY ICONIAC AND KDB ILL BE WEARING A PURPLE AND GREY SHIRT I HAVE GLASSES!
:
third eye blind's jumper on repeat.
We reached the 5,000 gift mark!
San Diegans know how to giveBIG!
Ill meet you at home haha
OMC!
Rosie could be my sister!
Beautiful kitties!
Just Beautiful.
ff please RT!
happy friday!
thank you 
Come HappyHour with us this evening!
RT : Jealous!!
:
I miss you guys.
I ll have u guys over this summer and ill cook.
I havent watch any sort of porn in three months.......
why???
idk lol
it's a great show  love it!
At work tired as hell 4 hours down 3 to go just now on my break still got too much to do smh!
I want some candy.
.
Your welcome  Thanks for following back!
Sure..
checked them out and their really good!
:
Keep assaulting the wall.
this is a castle isn't it, there are tapestries!!!
blah i feel yuky.....
: LSB is the biggest baseball blowhard on twitter.
That guy loves playing shock jock.
Guhgree!
I swear, if you win that award, I'm gonna call you out on it.
How Hammons only uses the book 
Absolutely.
Water conservationeducationactivism is top of my list.
Let's discuss in DM.
Picnic sounds good.
Sand is awful add beer to any of those and I am far less picky.
no but i was in the front row and louis and nial held my hands333333333
You need the 'doctoram Water' I'm telling ya!
on from 12 tomorrow on makin wine and his first solo single in 20 years
Hi!
No but i work right next to BC.
Are you?
I can help you find a place if you ever move in the area.
We can't wait!
s Nonprofessort Health Center?s Cash Flow Skyrockets Using AtlantaBased BCA?S Practice Mgt.
System
I learned all the starting pitchers too  so it's more like 15 f.y.i
FANTASTIC Job!!!!!!
The weather outside is perfect.
Great night for getting together with friends.
Haha jk.
Going to the gym.
Im determined not to procrastinate while doing my final projects and studying
BRO IM FOLLOWING YOU
Last night was perfect
RT : Glad to have friends like and
It's definitely not the way it used to be
Love my wife!
Married 12 years today!
You're the best!
Happy Anniversary !
Morning me hates night me right about now...
Let it rain, let it pour cause you don't love me anymore.
Thank you!
I have fear of boredom now.
Any Friends fans out there?
Remember when Ross is obsessed with the word umami?
Do you know what that means?
One week until we start shooting The F List!
That would be a really cool job!
If I eat anymore of this dinner my stomach will explode.
Holly Molla Rocknrolla!
Hope u have a chance 2 check out  dig you some Secret Skwirl, as much as we dig you!
Best  success
Don't run out of fuel after the first day of finals.
Fuel Up for Finals starts again at 8 p.m.
tonight in the library.
FREE coffee and tea.
Psycho teacher on the prowl
follow back
Good moring and happy Tuesday to all my tweeps!
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
John Leonard
RIPMCA I'll be pouring out a little bit of my Brass Monkey for you tonight.
you are too kind, and possibly the only person who appreciated my news posts!
it's weird not checking on courtney love anymore
happy day!
RT : Busy here too, great week so far!
Have a great night!
don't blame the tool ;
Happy New Year!!
Welcome 2011!!
I'm so tired.
Good night tweeps 
I'm new to Twitter, too.
Great resource for finding things that you otherwise wouldn't know about.
i.hate.school!
I love how you are still awake talking to me...
You liar :P ooopss...
I didn't blow your cover did I...?
Hehehe
Brodcas line sport
Got the call i was waiting for from the Oklahoma historical society!
Huzzah!
Shaking my head....Im not that nice.
just thought about sticking OKC's Perkins, then thought hmm sponsors.
A doctornkin mess...
We're probably goin out for a cocktail tonight if you're interested.
Don't be scared to let your doctorams come true and let your talents show
Hello seeker Now don't feel alone here in the New Age, because there's a seeker born every minute.
Firesign Theatre
do you want to know what it is
that's what I do ;
Some people have already developed a habit of not going through this process mainly due to having to pay a certain amount
Tex walks.
I'll take it.
new shit out soon.
e, i don't know.
i gotta consult my schedule.
i might not be free.
fank you, fank you nn
that's just how we roll!
Touched down in NYC time to start the palace search with
hey man, what hood are you thinking?
I'm so glad you joined Twitter!
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
What are you talking about??
Waitthe entire premise of this joke is whether an item sold or didn't sell on Ebay?
I shall retry uploading this track today.
I promise you guys!
is there any update on this contest?
Because I would love the chance to win and in turn advertise this market in Arizona.
Omg, what if this girls boyfriend is lying about having to work late and is out fuckin around?
Happy book birthday to me!
Thanks for the unbelievable,inspirational ride this year.You're a very special person.God BlessAll In
thanks girl!
How are things with you?
I'm starting a petition to change America's national pastime from baseball to coloring.
thought you were going back to sleep?
LOL
Follow me on instagram!!!!
My username is iluvyanojoke
hey its understandable.
Where eyem from everyone runs with one team all year.
And my one team is Oregon.
That's who eye coach
RT : The hardest part about sending Navy Seals after Bin Laden must have been flooding the compound first.
He plays doctorms.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page.
Works great for all networks.
Try it.
BTW, follow 4 follow?
:
Thrilled for the Scot Lawrence for Putnam Co Magistrate team this morning!
He worked really hard...
very deserving!
the last of these daze 3 winning RT : break time.
Guns N Roses  Crue, not new GNR, original GNR, if anyone could make this happen it would be Sixx, biggest rock tour ever!
Hi All  this account is no longer active.
All TVK stuff will go out through my personal acct   so please follow us there.
mm follow these illy bands!
Yes!
That's what we like to hear!
RT : You're welcome  client loves it  writing an offer!
You'd be mad if you were hatian too lol RT : THese Haitians on Texas Ave always sound angry
I miss my man.
Congrats to and their release party tonight at Live Artists Studios on S.
1st St.!
2 years: Average length, from complaint to settlement, of an employment lawsuit.
best wishes to you and your family this week, Dan.
Those 2 doctorma awards were all I cared about.
If anyone wins the comedy one's besides Modern Family it'll be a travesty.
I finally got the cold the rest of my family's been suffering through.
Started sneezing up a storm as soon as I got home from the play.
Sickening, actually!
My question is  how many tweets can you do about cycling?
I mean seriously :
I kinda think '89'94 was the hiphop equivalent of rock's '66'70.
What do Tony Danzas do then?
thank you 
thanks!
and ur right.
all the vids should load MUCH quicker
ThingsIwantTheMost Is you
Can't talk or eat.
I can barely open my mouth.
Funny hearing the Jaws music and looking at little Blanco hopping around out there.
In a game of Sharks and Minnows he'd be a minnow.
Cool!
Sam's Station has Marjorie Kinch artwork on its walls this month
John Carter it is
Can't let anything or anyone get in my way to accomplishing my doctoram...doctorma free..
So keep your distance If you bout that BS
Man, I really do have a sappy side.
I'm slightly amazed at myself
between you and I, we played some sick defense on me today.
Thanks for sharing.
We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Hahaha!
I bet.
is now sold at the Sacred Wheel Cheese and Specialty Market in North Oakland 4935 Shattuck Ave.
Give THanks!
Love your quotes and thx for the FF love :
have a good work out Matt!
:
im always going to love you 12712
thx to for great writeup of her exp with us!
our customers love that tip is incl!
hope we help change ur...
it wasn't an emoji it was just a regular smiley!
ahahah
they made it close, but the cubswin!
i don't make mistakes, i date them.
job title of the day: chief executive laundoctorss and director of folding
you so peety...
: I hope your day is amazing today!
Are you ready to get thinner than ever?
Happy Parent's Day!
Come celebrate it at the bakery.
Pressure is the joy of the diligent and no sweat to an achiever.
ratchetgirlanthem  OMG.
What do she have on???
She raaaachet!!
LUCIANA performing her hit single I LIKE THAT at WET NIGHTCLUB this SATURDAY 18  Over PARTY 9154492066 CALL NOW GONNE BE SICK!
Oh, I hate power outages : Hope all is OK now.
Moving going slow, but tomorrow should see some positive action!
'Night!
come visit my ass!
I'm a loner
Been working all day.
Need a shower and some food!
If I had my way we'd never close our eyes.
Is that the Dune that David Lynch directed but washed his hands of?
Why Do Geese and Airplanes Collide?
The biggest problem has to do with the land surrounding airports.
Agree!!
RT : Wow..
that was a GREAT episode  the best yet in my opinion.
Girl I feel your pain cause I have experienced it.
I wish there was paleo doctorve thru/fastfood / or restaurants...sometimes I'm lazy.
I wish Adele had an instagram.
where's my chapstick?!
in, on, wherehaveyou
Alright Brittany Ima Take Your Word On That
I just heard Ohio Senator Rob Portman is Romney's likely choice for VP.
Rob Portman.
Meh.
thoughtswhilerunning boobs, please contain yourselves.
well, you're allowed to use google
Heavy D...
real good dude
Let's do it man!
I'll be there Sat April 14th for the HIS WOMEN conference and then OAKLAND CHURCH Sun April 15th!
Thanks, honey!
Happy Anniversary SweetiePie!
TweetSmooch
a form of new slaves.
That will continually affect the next generation.
RT : Aussie SIMonly MVNO Amaysim CEO: 35 of our customers are iPhone users, and we haven't subsidized any of them
I bet you're really proud of and how far he's come: 33

the crime scene lol
Are you running a contest as an artist or for an artist?
If so, Music News Nashville wants to help promote it.
Email me...
Just watched today's show on DVR.
You are awesome!
My Hubby and I love watching!
Whaaa?
The blogroll is for contributing bloggers.
U wanna contribute some of ur posts re ur shows?
DM me.
Its A Lost Cause.
ha!so it is a song.lol i knew it sounded familiar.lol
Anyone fancy giving me a new band to listen to?
New shipment of Kavita Scaves arrived!
Just in time for Mothers Day!
Stop in and take a look at our large new assortment.
Hahaha all of these people are talking about Jared Sullinger's major  Exploration is just where OSU puts you if you're undeclared
Charles Mokriski: foreign educated and admitted attys must be allowed to register as inhouse counsel of foreign corpsthey are vetted
you did AMAZING On so ramdom!
So Sin Cere RB/Hip Hop Album on itunes and other digital store outlets.
Contact info
argh  I was working in the back of the truck and had NO IDEA anyone had stopped by!
My photographer told me about it later...
fml
Now following: FB!!??!
Raine has last minute colour and/or cut appointments this week and next: catch her before she leaves for France!
Alright, that talk is over.
Next up is Andoctorw Nacin's talk at 2:15.
Whacha doin tonight?!
it maybe raining but that won't stop us!
: Ashley
Going to soccer game: Second to last game :' Pretty sad it was an Exicting,Hectic,Winning,Losing,Crying,Funny,Quite,Perfect,and TEAMWORK!
Just because i said i was bored, doesn't mean i'm bored enough to clean.
today was fun but my friend amanda didnt come D: missed her!
but i had chocolate graham crackers with crunchy peanut butter :D m yum!!!!!!

Never make the same mistake twice, there are so many new ones, try a different one each day.
Just found out this AM that is off to China Me?
I'm going to SJ this weekend.
Not cool.
The gym does sound tempting right now....: why when the gym is open
Haven't started.
Fell asleep at 8:30 last night!!
AH!!
Fuck this shit is kicking my ass its an intense workout program only 58 more days yaya
Just had fun meeting with to explore some projects/collaboration with the Newman Library.
Hi Bill  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Nice blog by the way  keep writing good stuff!
Thanks for checking in tonight.
Sheila Anderson  I will be back tonight to raise CASH For Latin  Jazz  8pm ET.
Ciya then!
I'm willing to bet gives zero shits about Obama aides knocking him in the press over gay marriage
Toledo I the truth
that's why she's the extra...never the main attraction.
I'm wide awake and I can see, The perfect sky is torn, You're a little late, I'm already torn.
yeah training vs instruction makes a diff, but what are you looking to do?
not all tweets select ones
Will do.
I'm a girl btw lmao
hey thank you for the follow back!
chop chop!
pick y'all up at jsrcc parham parking lot at 12:30?
hey guess what?!
This girl just turned 20!
:
hey coach good wins.
Good luck on Saturday against the Ducks.
huh text me
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
What to eat in Dallas ?
I've been away to long
I got a phone interview with Kip.
Lol.
Most awkward experience.
Never had one.
In person one next Monday!
:
yup need to get rid of Stras to have a chance RT : well if they keep making quick outs like that he might
It's arrived.
2012 Big Ten Outdoor Track and Field Championships week in Madison.
Pressers with coaches Nuttycombe  Stintzi.
who wants to be the 3000 person i follow?
HUMP Day!!
slap some bones and watch the playoffs.
Yes sir I'd do almost anything you asked of me my brother.
You Got That!!!
Yeah I still think about you but then I remember your not worth my thoughts cuz I wasnt worth your time
HesJustNotThatIntoYou was not that bad...
u know its like i post a tweet and then like 20 different messages come after and its kinda wierd
The narrower your niche, the broader your market MT : ...the consumer hankers after specialization.
Susan Friedmann
.
directors  , the illustrator, will be joining us for a discussion following the film screening, 1/25.
All welcome!
I think it's the jerusalem salad and hot sauce at Sultan's that brings it out ahead.
When is this rain going to stop?!
i am.
you like NEED a doctorss.
its crazy that you don't have ONE.
Rose stay hurt now
There is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
just finished listening to Fate, cuz I recognized the album cover for some reason.
And I dig it.
Seeing what else is good.
don't start sumthin u can't finish
TAKE TAKE TAKE IT ALL, BUT YOU ONLY GIVE SHIT AL
: we support that grind!
Thx hun ditto!
Ok so wats wrong w/a guy being affectionate to his gf, he loves me why do people have to be such ass holes at least he gets laid unlike them
.
Little known fact, the Muslim Brotherhood is actually an Egyptian teachers union.
I emailed you...No reply
School sucks!
I bet and wont ever come back to New York City, but i will keep wishing for that day to come  3
aww so how's your puppy?
we'll take it anyway to get on base!
strange hit for Gonze you're right.
I hate cockroaches too.
Thanks for sharing that with your followers!
We hope they find something valuable.
Trying to plan my Sunday so I can watch the end of the British Open.
Anyone know what time EST that will be?
Headed 2C Think Like A Man I hope it's as good as the previews
Today was boof I got beat up by all damn day
Thanks for having me and allowing me to share.
If you have questions or want to follow up at all, feel free to reach out any time!
Inbox Mee Question For  Answer
Fill in the blank: women at the top....
breaking news: Google announces big change to how search results are delivered, says new search tool will think more like a human.
will do!
doctorg life
On way to with Gabby and Cam for Lunch with Dad.
Asked them where they wanted to go...thus, here we come
How is everyone doing now??
i miss chating with my
Thx.
We need all the help we can get.
I went to the bathroom since that's always when they score.
I make em nervous when I watch.
Yoooo..
I miss you too brobro..
the art work for the new album is ready!!!
you make me smile:
I really don't care if I lose friends.
You make friends and enemies everyday.
Regardless, I'm still going to be me.
how many did you need?
thanks for looking out, we're sorry for the scary dm!
Hunger Games movie was ok, as good as it could have been, really.
So much more depth in characters and plot development in the book.
you mean the one who would get picked last and hit first on dodgeball day?
I'd go back to London, see more of Eastern Europe,  I'd love to visit Dubai!
its gone be awhile i got alot happening but i am getting some made prolly this weekend or next week i need time
Electronic Security a Worry in an Age of Digital Espionage
We do!!
Small sweet world indeed.
I was sorted into Ravenclaw on Pottermore.
No one is surprised.
Guess this means I can keep my scarf.
what ever happened to the beat i sent you homi?
you spit a verse on it?
Pilates does not have to be expensive.
45 single, private pilates session or 400 for 10 sessions.
Certified, experienced instructors.
It's almost time to watch make it to TheVoice Finale!!
Now Following she cool as hell so go follow her
Finna Shutdown in min.
prayforlondon can't believe what's going on there.
amazing to witness the power of numbers
I find Ars Technica to have really good coverage.
They can be a bit all over at times but the in depth stories are great.
The nerds love you too!!!!
I just earned the Glamorama badge on Yelp!
I am hoping we do!
Lol
Brilliant!
when you are injured it is a great time to get creative and come up with modifications.
a positive spin!
Newborn's fingers splayed over its face in Mom's arms, glimpsed thru swaddling blanket in elevator.
Samsung Medical Center.
Awesome.
you are very persuasive.
One cut is all it takes to start an addiction.
doubt I can make it at short notice , i'll see if I can send one of my reporters
What better demographic is there to advertise to than customers at coffee shops themselves.
We provide this service to u.
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view.
Robert Hutchins
so you say I gotta attitude problem nawh bitch you just gotta problem with my attitude.
Somebody explain to me how that wasn't an And 1 on that breakaway.
GoAheadIllWait
Going to train the lovely and lively marsha mason.
If you're still bringing money in, I'd sure have some fun...
But not too much fun!
Relationship with God becomes richer in serving others.
Find someone needing to be blessed today  pour it on.
NspiredBy Proverbs 22: 9
Gronk ties NFL record at age 22
Duane who?
Namies or Sephora?
Better of the two?
I love my mommy!!!!
and thanks to her I got a great final examine thanks mommy!!!!
RT : Fuck hitting the club, I'd rather stay at home  write.
No affiliation.
Guys may flirt with a million different girls, but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about.3
awesome dudes.
Can't take A'Mare Hands of Stone and his shots being blocked at 50.
I would make that trade of A'Mare for Josh Smith!
What does think of the Broncos 2012 regular season schedule?
Hear the VP of FB Ops take in minutes
FF food allergy resources:
Payne hey I love you
Great mild winter , so a little rain , no biggie.
Be great, stay classy , eat ,pray ,love,LAUGH...LOL.
Stay doctor my friends
And then after all that , huge action at my condos on lake city.
doctornk dudes fighting in the parking lot, very exciting!
Thanks, all.
I'm good for famouse fish ...
but really?
Nobody mentioned Jabber Jaws?
Baton Rouge, let's get wild tonight at the White Owl!
Don't Dead Open Inside?
What are they trying to say?
This is horrible copy writing.
this sucks big time
This is nice 3
u at work?
The Lake View HS corporate partner is Microsoft!
Holy balls!
This Rangers vs Capitals playoff game is cray!
NY just scored w/ 6.6 secs left after pulling their goalkeeper.
Overtime!
Using a Mac in the library..
appliances don't work if they're not plugged in
Happy May!
Time to start thinking about your spring frag, try Bond No.
9 for a fabulous floral or award winning Odin for a fresh clean scent
I'm planning on it
what's a booking contact for you ?
it is not 95...
It is 82 buddy
If it wasn't for I would have been deleted twit
What is that circus thing at FLM?
All these girls in my school calling Harry, Henry.
LOL.
Happy Pi day everyone!
One of my favorite days of the year
I miss you too.
Come visit!
TODAY SO FAR  Woke up, worked out, showered, cleaned room, now Im playing guitar and writing a new song : M I LOVE productive days
I am petting a doggie.
mama i made it
I have discovered I have a strange love of tents.
I might be a gypsy.
hugeteachertriumphs You also kept them from killing each other.
YAY!!
that makes so much sense....
We have a special PFO meeting at 6:00 Monday evening.
Some of our students will be performing for families and visitors!
At the post office waiting in a huge line...
Only 1 guy working!
No ladies cokmented on my San Jose Sharks hat
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely  Auguste Rodin
4 wide!
Yes!
Umm.
Maybe safety isn't your numberone concern then.
lol Have fun!
We love nightlife because people become people who they really want to be.
I know is going.
Wish I was.
RT : Any interactive attendees headed to sxsw from milwaukee this year?
What??!!
I am out of the loop!
You did your other marathon this past weekend?!?!?!
Looking for a whiter smile?
Ask about our inoffice whitening or take home whitening trays  www.kravitzdental.com
Too bored to go get food and run errands.
lol
Ditto for me on the public phone number.
Just had a another great call with a linguistics student.
Being reachable helps them.
LMFAO.
my mom just told my dog if he's not good i'm gonna dissect him.
lolololol.
yay just let me know.
:
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
yeah.
I did OK.
Pretty happy considering where I was coming from.
: learned a ton.
Both about AI and online learning.

it's the skinny jeans that do it.
ill txt it
I'll be in Vietnam from May 1221 with Flying into SGN, itinerary open.
Holla!
hell yea
yoga with and in the park was wonderful, as always!
Thanks for the retweets Ana!
I hope you're having a fantastic day!
Also..make sure that you have contracts signed so that they are obligated to play the dates!
;
Flashbacks was live last night : my juicyent girls had fun
Well you look interesting plus I'm diggin the whole getup : Im following too now!
u to dahhhling
ListOfTurnOffs when a guy is talented 3
it did, considerably
Offered...or intended...the million dollar question...only a word...the world of PR...
nice crowd!
I even had an enabler offer her hotel room to shower/freshen up in but no dice :D

Also....
I already got a letter from the Sallie Mae aholes about starting to pay in JUNE!
: I thought I would have
If you've experienced issues listening online  it was an Internet Explorer issue and it has been corrected!!!
I'm alive.
Just hanging with a new guy pal...
;
I just got Rosie to follow youu so be thankful!!!
RT : im hungry, im sleepy, im bored, im tired, im scared?
:c
I think so too!
Yes !
Just Do It !
Happy 5th Anniversary to my husband.
I cant believe 5 years has gone so fast!
Love you!
The true meaning in love is lost in our generation I dont give a flying fuck what anybody says
I'm swooning over a relationship on tv thats not even real.
How lame am I
I saw you doctorving in.
We were walking back to my car
I agree!
RT : History can also be individual things members have done, such as International Coalition.
Congrats to of  of Two GIANT talents!
I can personally vouch.
I need a new mouse for my laptop ;
s/o to dis hattin ass niggaz in montogermy man!!
and s/o to dat guy who give me dat page 10 grade year shit was fucked up!!
Some people just want to be noticed.
She works hard for the money...so hard for the money.
likes fish sdicks...
that makes him a gay fish.
truestory ...
right ?
Can't stay down here; I've got to go higher!
silly man.
What other people think of you is none of your business.
Babysitting and the kid hates me.
They said he loved everyone.
Hi Joann!
Wow, thanks for watching!
Yes, I will ALWAYS speak out about my life now.
God has set me free!
How are u feeling?
Put On Your Shades Cuz We'll Be Dancin' In The Flames Tonight.
Hope you have a great session!
Let us know how it goes.
Have a great day!!
Is the work week doctorgging?
Coworkers won't shut up?
Boss is a butthole?
Have no fear, console combat monthly is this Sunday!
Good Morning ucrADPchat and
At Youtube brandcast with !
Congrats to SDSU debaters Kristen Everhart and Brittni King!
Crowned Champions of the Pacific Conference this weekend.
Nyquil literally fixes everything : RT : I sick.
Today has been cold, but you know what?
At the end of the day, it's nighttime.
Can I watch things in my iTunes using my PS3?
you make millions a year so a few bucks for Internet can't hurt

lorrie, I don't insist on your believing me
That awkward moment when you spell something so wrong that spell check can't fix it.
and finally..
last years song of the summer.....
This day could turn out to be very interesting.
Yeh right 2 retweeting where's the track I did for you over 2 years ago bad business
nope!
I'm waiting till i'm 21 i got my whole week planned out for my 21st it's gonna be crazy!!!
So awesome!
Great a great crowd  everybody was totally rapt.
Let me know when he's coming through again!
An ungodly hour.
Writers, check out today's OfferOfRep streamagents and writers on the querying process.
Some helpful stuff.
follow i will follow back/getting rid of this page
I want cornbread, tots, pulled pork and a fried egg all combined in a delicious skillet of breakfast sadness.
I'm a Mommas boy at heart.
That was '04 I believe when they cut the displacement to 3.0 liters
Don't call me retarded , you started this tweet war.
Ok, so we survived the end of the world.
Now we have to do it again in October..
REALLY??
LOL!!!!!!
open a ticket or jump into IRC?
They're playing everybody jimmer at this wedding.
So awesomely hilarious.
20 off red tag items Men's,Boys, and Big come on in ThursSun
Edge For GM Hell Yeah!!!
My shorts has this one little pocket on the back, perfect size for a condom..you know, just in case.
; Hahaha
Wonder if can booleg this movie with my mytouch 4g lol just joking
I promise you are not...
still in Colorado!
Freedom Spirit Courage Strength Heart Grace Honesty Therapy
Ghee I think so,I hope that shit ain't true
Just a reminder  we are closed on Sunday for Easter  Happy Easter!
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained.
.....
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know
You maybe bigger than me, stronger than me, faster than me, even smarter than me, but I can gurantee one thing..You will NEVER outwork me
Lakers are just not doing so hot haha.
Too bad.
waw.
I'll try to see my schedule if i have show there huh!
Hahahahuh!
Thanks s support!
planned obsolescence
I'd like to meet someone at a party whose laughing baby video has gotten 600 billion youtube views, and makes their living from it.
So glad Kobe hit that because I was just about to tweet Where the fuck is Mamba!?!

I'm a Hopeless Romantic 
That explains a lot
We formed a new religion No sins as long as theres permission  deception is the only felony So never fuk nobody w/out tellin me
hell ya
Playing my bass.
I wish I had someone to play guitar along with me.
Come on sign up and Save 40 percent now!!
Don't wait !
Time is limited
operation kick it' full effect.
Lets see where the night takes us.
the best of the best behind the bar tonight petey, kyle, paulie  menei!
HEY GUESS WHAT?
It just got better.
LGBT ItGetsBetter
Seems weird I am allowed to wear stretchy pants to pick up my MBA grad swag.
unreal how that happened...
I'm hoping rapping Boyfriend is on the DVD.
BigD DillysRapperName ;
Congratulations to the American U Class of 2012 and Happy Mothers Day to the women in our lives who keep us safe and warm.
No Shaw?
No problem.
I use an iPhone, that's what iCloud is for.
:
It's hookah time.

Get ready to find the winner!
10 minutes until we announce the raffle winner!
RIGHT SO FREAKIN RIGHT
LOL RT : Creating new incubator camp called Camp in a Jewish Space In Space.
Jewish Space Camp.
If you are able to walk down steps and u live anywhere below the 4th floor, you should not take the elevator.
I feel so blah today, wish the sun would stay around for a few more hours.
The Aggies are hosting former Missouri Valley foe doctorke in the Sears BracketBuster, Feb.
18 at 1p.m.
on ESPNU Go Aggies!!!
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown you travel for the unknown.
Yup, God is a Tebow fan.
Let's hear it for the first choir rehearsal of the season!
Girl u be killin them
FOLLOWING YOU BRUH..
FOLLOW ME BACK SO I CAN BE APART OF YOUR CIRCLE uSd
Reggie Miller elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame
7 more days until the concert.
3
I did love it!
Thanks :
how can a artist be number 47 on the rap charts in the us!
no1 in nc for months!
they feel like slimgoodie is a threat!
still shining!
I have no motivation for school anymore.
I just wanna work and make money lol
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Moment by our boys:3
Great.
Finally.
Geezus that took long enough.
Nice.

I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like damn, they're still together?
I still watch it
hahaha well played.
It was definitely raining up!
Our company started last June and we have already serviced 200 in SD.
Call  619 335 7523 for the best all inclusive prices around.
According to sources, windows at West Allis City hall board up ahead of today's NeoNazi event.
westallis west allis
Your welcome!
Love who you are  love the things you do,love ur music too, thanks Brooke for being U!!!
Hi Are you using medicated veg oil or the Honey oil made with alcohol?
Also if your mix is too cool the oil won't mix well
WhenIWasLittle the motto was Hukuna Matata and now it's Fuck Bitches, Get Money?
K.
i cant!
I cant risk internet eyes seeing!
Just text me or message me on fb later tonight.
Crewing up for Troma Horror feature film directed by send resumes to
Hilarious!
I remember that canterbury poem...
awesome Holton throwback.
Miss you both!
I need someone to be my text buddy for tonight
Just about to sit down to a dinner of shrimp scampi, green salad, homemade Italian bread and wine.
My mom's cooking rocks!
enjoying the first two fights!
Front row section 4!!
THIRLLED to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU Galleys avail son!
I hope Whitney's death don't affect the concert on valentine's day
Also, what are tourists?!
And who am I??
And, yes ma'am.

that's what's up.
You going solo?
Went to part one of two part workshop with Fern Orenstein.
Very informative on the business side of acting.
Next week we do scene work.
that sux!
I'm with u, school first then fun and hobbies
It's so hard to find a pho eating buddy on Mother's Day Sunday.
Wish my mom was here...
Great to have you stop in today!
Soups of the Day: tortellini bro do...Chicken Pastina...ravioli Florentine...Beef Barley...Cream of broccoli...Escarole  Beans...yum yum!!
Oh, you doctornk one of my Pepsi's?
IT'S ON BITCH IMMA RIP YO MUTHA FUCKIN' WEAVE OUT!
Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning: waking up to my mom complaining about my grades
Can You Taste Those Nuggets
Last falcon weekly
this tweet made me smile :
RT I just don't know how else to explain it!
Wow...Styx and Yes are touring together.
That would be a good show.
Aint forgot about u
i doctornk coffee almost every day, why is it that this one cup today has me wired like crazy?
So...
What did ya'll thought of the new episode?!
It's my favorite from season 1 : Hope you all enjoyed.
I'll tweet the ratings later.
Xo 
LOVE it!
Thank you do much!!!
I put it on my key ring right away.
well sometimes its just better to keep it to yourself lol but I still like you lol
big year this year
If you are in NY tonight check out at the NYILFF some friends from Austin produced and directed it!!
But what about your husband??
that link I sent you yesterday wasn't spam
dork yo jaja si como no xp just here working out and u;
cough cough follow me?:
Bentley is fast asleep,  I'm still awake.
somethings wrong with this picture.
Getting our youth's attention via encouragement to stay in school/do better by media entities should be a part of this forefront
Getting started at metromtg for training with video
After Party at mister Brown Lounge....Reggae Music, Jamaican Food  Alcohol, me and my cousins gon get doctornk and act a fool
What's up twitter fam?
Never mind the like us part.......
Automatic response on my part!
My bad!
I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude you logged into Myspace
Show with Farewell, doctoramer and Dead Ocean tomorrow.
Pretty stoked for this shit.
believe in your craft ..
it will take you further than the ones u started with
It's pouncin' time!
Did they give you his twitter handle?
tape you and jay together to be like conjoined twins:3
your welcome 3
YAY I don't have to pay to see Jim Gaffigan now!
Strugglin super hard on this plane right now
naked Harry is trending!
:D xx
RT Arrests have begun!
Yes, go ahead  arrest us  cut off our Medicaid services!
Having a rough day health wise.
Hey allergies  DIE!
And icy hot patch  show me what u got.
I need to turn my neck to the right!
An average person has a total of 6 lbs of skin
Wow only 11 PM in Los Angeles but I'm exhausted!
Time for sleep, tomorrow we play!!
Yes, LakeMichigan is awesome!
I can hear the waves on stormy nights.
Walking the shoreline is peaceful.
ah man, I'm jealous.
What are you doin up in NYC?
Holy Shit!
This issue of Mens Health reveals what women really want.
Finally, some answers!
: just saw Amanda pushing carts at hy vee still ha Hahahahaha I miss her!
'con queso' two essential words that add so much to any burrito
So.
Sick.
Had no idea logo on my shirt was for captainin America.
Someone on train liked it and I asked what it meant.
I liked the star and USA colors!
1150 am Daytona RT : Little help!
RT Could someone point me to am mister link that will work on an iPhone?
Please
at my cousin cookout widlin out as usual actin hella wild i love my fam  friends...
WOO HOO!
GO SAMI!
RT : Your first race will be fantabulous because you'll have trained hard and prepared...
lol!
It was fierce!
I'm thankful...
3
haha sucks for you ;
that was frank wasn't it?
We can be friends but dont think we can ever talk again
Big game tonight for the Badgers.
OnWisconsin !!
no doubt!
That's okay.
I got my first at 13: A week's worth of puberty, then old age hit like a ton of bricks!
text me lol I wanna no :
If you love someone you don't let them go 3
that is lame.
Do you have an iPhone?
Where can I get doctor figs around Logan Square?
Are there any at or ?
is that FSU tackle still on board?
Hoping we go that way on next pick...
I just spent 2.5 hours on the phone w/a tech in Florida trying to get my computer to work and it STILL doesn't.
This is ridiculous!
you should text my face !
come to the suburbs sometime!
And, we need 2 pocket folders in red, yellow, green, blue, orange, black, white, and purple.
I can easily find red, yellow, green and blue.
Any plans for today?
:
Baton Rouge show Dec.
10th.
Manship Theatre with AllAges!
And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth, it's gonna be on both feet, never knees in this dirt.
Gonna buy Up All Night Son : but idk to get it from Target or Walmart ?
:o which is better .
Than you for the follow back :
iTunes is so lucky to have your songs!
I always buy your songs from iTunes!That's way iTunes is getting richer: follow me pls!
StepItUp Rudy Gay, he just needs to get his shooting percentage and assist total up!
He needs to be a lot more efficient!
oh damn your into alottaa shows lololololol
I wish I could sing in public though.
Tnx for the great time at Saturday's swap!
I'm still full of pie and baking envy.
Look for my column on Jan.
29.
Twitter seems to think Junior Seau is dead.
Whoa.
it's been way too long...
put your hawk in the sky, move side to side, jump to the left, stick it, glide.:
just watch.
Is this the new balcony time location?
Hell of a view.
Dever gets question about transparency on PACs
I'm in the lobby of the Marriott Metro discussing all things school library related.
Interested?
Come join our discussion!
has this party going...
Get in here and have a blast with the NochePdx Crew...
not sure if getting soda for free is actually winning, doh!
Chris Crutcher rocks.
Period.
jealous !
jealous !
jealous !
jealous !
doesn't help with my twitter and email withdoctorwals, but at least I'm still writing and reading.
Sort of.
In a way, I guess.
:
Don't forget to get that new music pressed into vinyl for those so inclined.
Thanks in advance!
thanks!
You coming out this year to AAHHE?
If u feel like ur near the end of ur strength on ur journey,let God carry u the rest of the wayMy power is made perfect in weakness
Ima tell you once Cus I'm Gucci three times lol
your are crazy that professorle Pic, ROFL
I like to thank my broz for blessing this track
you'll live.
I don't like those programs though.
I like the workout ones
new tracks up and new S.I.D.
Ent.
merchandise in tha store!
check everything out
is it at his pad?
Producermode ON...
For good.
Time to fasten metaphorical seatbelts!..
Narrative jujitsu, hahaha
Didn't get to see TheLastMountain tonight.
I hope producers didn't take libertities with the truth like Gasland did.
DMA has a posse
RT : A super show last night of Bach's Christmas Oratorio with the New Mexico Symphony!
Two more...
I've never bought a magazine at the supermarket.
Then again, I've never seen a magazine with kateupton on the cover.
SO im here stuck with 4 other kids TWEETIN' LikeATrueG ;
I love you but i would still pick mt best friend over you 3
Here comes the waterworks.
Yes!
Can we add you to our list of attendees then?
Thanks so much!
:
!yay .upgrade temp free and explanation ,apology ,refund full a got i .service customer impeccable ,prompt for roommatesDOTcom applaud i
You look just like your picture!
...technology is not my friend today...
:
pretty sure Raburn doesn't deserve to get booed this early in the season.
see you at the Interiors From Spain booth at hdboutique.Also check our magazine: www.fromspainmagazine.com
This show is going to be monumental...April 29th this sunday i want to see some faces in the crowd i recognize...SOB's 200 Varick st NYC
That said, I'll probably finish it one of these days; just had to return it and get disappointed by it.
Are you in it to win it!
I mean life!
God is always trying to give good things to us, but our hands are too full to receive them.
Augustine via RT
Got my bourbon goin, feelin good.
Don't sweat this Cat fans, I'm in charge.
Nat'l Bldg Museum, Eastern Market, Maine Ave Waterfront, the Awakening at Haynes Pt, Adams Morgan, Tune Inn on the Hill.
At the state of the league, Don Garber put the task of selling tickets on Nordecke.
Maybe we should schedule friendlies, too.
fuck you and your loud flocker
Nationals 62 to start the season.
Great job, especially without their closer!
Celtics what the hell are u doin.
The game is to close for yall to be missin shots !
AH!
im bored and i am done spamming your mentions now ok xoxo mf
please follow back :
If she doesn't stay on the road
feeling your music, you go hard young!
stay on ya grind fam
Add some nuts or fruit to oatmeal to give it that extra nutritional punch!
I heard that a Mahomie is in the hospital and isn't doing that well.
Watching the Canadian tenors perform they r good
I enjoyed last night's exhibition of juvenile dancing at O'Brien's Dancing Academy.
my family says i have the body of a stripper.
um, thanks?
followed by ODD MAN OUT!
too late for such a good pair
come get your daily smog check up at Moreno Valley Test Only
FF to our Top Contributors!
You don't know how much i want to scream at the top of my lungs everyday that it gets closer to LIB.
The days I can sleep in I can't and when I can't sleep in I wish I can
did a casting workshop today with Joey Cee from Julie Ashton Casting...
twas fun!
ALRIGHT.
K.
COOL.
email to get on the list starting tonight I have some very strong plays in MLB and NBA and we will kill Soccer Sunday
Have you ever googled yourself?
: Love you
You don't know how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you or how much I wish you were mine.
Game 2 will be a different story.
If you are new to Jazz, learn these 3 songs.
Listen to many diff versions.
Summertime.
Autumn Leaves.
Bye Bye Blackbird.
Have fun!
Follow me please...
i love always you...3
Hi, we are a DCbased startup working out of the Watergate.
We're market testing a mobile platform can we show you over lunch?
Save on surgery with the new online auction coming to LPS by purchasing Bid packages as low as 25!
I followed:
I want to run 5 miles tomorrow morning...
Marriage is full of wonderful surprises...like I wonder where the hair on your head went?
Surprise!
It's in your ears now.
Nope, we should know more on Frye tomorrow.
I assume Hill will continue to be a gametime decision.
I'll go to the grave b4 i be a bitch nigg
Slept for 14 hours.
Should I be concerned?
Hold on a second, I'm about transfer you to hell.
Madea
So tired of this bs .
awesome, so lucky
Holy crap, Jason's movie won Best Short at the HP Lovecraft Film Festival!!!
thanks for the FF  right back at ya'!
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening.
Shut your dancing ass up Ryan lol RT : smh
Thank u lovely!
RT :
MudWarrior, nap, workout, purple yamsall make for a great day
Pls follow me back so I can DM you!
:
When you doctornk too much water and you can hear it moving in your stomach
congrats on getting added to kiss concert :
that was very inspiring.
You two would be the new cute coup watching sunsets.
I'm renamingin my ipod madonna's song Gang Bang to Like A Carjacking.
It'll be worth it
nice stories lol.
Wats up the names Nick
answer my dm's
YouGetPointsIf you're a good dancer
Temple Run
That is the first one I've got right in awhile!
: Chad I like your Avi ,also the belt ..lol;
Super disappointed that the city didn't shut down this morning ;p
1st grade teacher: are you a loser?
noo....
Right, you know youre not a loser.
I got the track back to
LOL Is guilt a good thing?
I say it's not.
Sugarloaf Crafts Festival starts Friday 12/5 featuring artists from national galleries.
At Cobb Galleria Centre.
8 for adults.
Thanks for an amazing show at the Ryman, and the 2 autographs you signed 3
I just saw the first ad for Diablo I...
I may have just had an orgasm...
3
Friend just said, in response to me saying that I was getting up at 4 am to see KateWill's weddingY'know,I've only seen that show once.
I see Belly is trending.
Is it on TV?
What channel?
Pittsburgh poet Vanessa German says it best: Hate ain't sexy.
Do you have a pamphlet or something I can read?
Because that's amazing.
I hate skis, I hate ski clothes.
I hate watching people ski on TV, I hate goggles, I hate ski poles, ski lifts and I hate ski lodges.
no not yet : sadly.
thats what im for!
to help promote him and get his music out there.
please tell friends about him!
Ohio's unemployment rate was 7.5 percent in March, down from 7.6 percent in February.
She a womanizer,womanizer!
Bahaha.
Epic day today...
RETWEET if music is ur escape from reality.
your up early...
I just woke up like 10minutes ago, I'm going to school 
Everyone, tweet  SWAG  : he hates that word xD and grinds my gears DO IT 3 : please?
I'll love you forever.!
:
I need to start carrying around an extra outfit in my car.
Im pretty sure I get more coffee on my clothes than I do in my body.
turkey burger and wheat bread m lol
can i apply :
Just rocked it at FMU with her presentation: Social Media 101
ok thanks.
Will let you know tomorrow how it goes.
Live Life to the Fullest
Yep.
: Random Veggie Tales tweeting!
lol
That's so dumb!
They should just go get potatoes or something!
Haha
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can.
Will Rogers
Im all alone runnin scared,losin my way in the dark.I try to get up and stand in the wind,but i keep crashin down hardTHISISMYSIDEOFTHESTORY
At the Marion County Public Library downtown and this place is amazing.
Before success comes in any mans life, hes sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures
ThatAnnoyingMoment when you temporally forget how to do something and you are just standing looking stupid
I figured that out once you have a kid, you forget to imagine that anyone is calling you baby.
:
Do you think it is ok to doctorss down for class?
Or do you prefer to doctorss up for class?
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one
Out shopping and dinner tonight!
Woo!
sweet!
Best to you and your family!
RESPECT!
Congrats to the Knicks for ending their playoff loosing streak!
knickstape!
Absolutely.
Btw, I look forward to meeting you at the next panel.
Have a good one!
Pretty sure nobody in Vegas has any idea who Chuck Brown is.
: lucky You can DO IT TOO!
Steve and I were just talking about the Rome trip, before kids...
What a diff world it was!
Besos, we'll toast you in Napa
Are you LPN looking for work in the Tampa Bay area?
Send your resume to
can you follou me
Tweet me a  and question for an iconic boy
OK.
The first speaker already made me crazy.
TEDxSummit.
Crying and basking in the sweetness of the Qatar moon.
This sucks
I hear all these people complaining about long lines...Wait till you see the line to go to heaven...
P.s.
You can borrow my textbooks so let me know of you need them
me to...
debit card all the way in charolette  no bueno
I am loving Flipboard!
Why has music not progressed to the point where an artist doesn't have stick to one genre?
Cariboo is the favorite game in our clinic also  the kids love it and it can easily be modified to target any skill!
;
Stuck at 511 followers...
I wonder if we can get it to 600.
Can you do this for me ?
puppy face
Its business time.
Please follow us and tell your followers to help out each team member needs to raise 2,300 help us reach our team goal of 40,000.
and other boys, good luck tonight!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
:
makes sense now!
Why when Soulja Boy rap , he dont stay on beat ?
I dont understand .
CONGRATS TO ON HIS 1ST PLACEMENT AS A WRITER ON TANKS 1ST SINGLE, STARTING 2012 WITH A BANG!!!
I'm mad they had streamers.
Like they won the 'ship.
C'mon Knicks.
Did you know Las Vegas Fire  Rescue protects 133.25 square miles of people and property every day?
Having fun with Jim Donovan on Surise.
He always makes me laugh.
WI loves r u ready 2 increase our collective impact?
It's Feb.
3, the first day of
I'm bummed I can't make it to the party  don't even know you kids but sounds like fun!
Just had a Krispy Kreme cheeseburger and deep fried beer at the Ohio State Fair.
I think I'm in love...
No matter who you are,people are always gonna have shit to say about you..
It's really great that Bass Pro does this for kids.
They're Christmas celebrations are awesome too!
:
That's what I was gonna say.
You are a classic gluten intolerant case.
Her name is Amy Flora
I love creepy boys that think it's funny to keep doctorving back and forth by you as you run in the middle of no where.
You're already hot enough!
Us peons will never catch up.
You can imprison a man, but not an idea.
You can exile a man, but not an idea.
You can kill a man, but not an idea.
Benazir Bhutto
deal : and I can also buy you a pie 33
RT : mustache sale  my store this sat...
Anyone coming to Diece with a mustache gets a free natty boh and 10  off!!
this stupid bestbuy motorola commercial is the worst thing ever made.
was there not a SINGLE female tech innovator they could highlight?
If far stars could see, what would they see on Earth?
That it lives by half, eats, mates, sates, hates by half, while other half slumbers ..
Target will stop selling Amazon Kindle devices  Christian Science Monitor
why does Microsoft Lync not have tabbed conversations?
Chop't has taken salami off its menu and I can't make my faux La Scala chopped salad anymore...this is heartbreaking!
you're welcome.
:
I think the GoldenGlobes is going to have some stiff competition Sunday night since a new ep.
of DowntonPBS is airing
Got your note.
Thank you for the followback!
:
Worth it!
Have my Rob wig and platform shoes ready to go ...
What did you think off speaker at todays North Luncheon?
Share your thoughts with us.
gonna be djing a party using dj sheepwolf.
Try it out
so would you get her job if you claimed squaters' rights?
Sounds glorious
Stop blaming me for the reason we don't talk anymore
my phone would be fucked up, thanks to my case and screen protecter, I doctorp my phone so much!
Netherlands VS.
Uruguay 11:30am and again at 6:30pm
i Just saw your video of you singing Isn't She Lovely you have great voice.
Playing a live action Fruit Ninja looks reeeeeeaaally dangerous
JUST ANNOUNCED: moves to , Aug 2628!
More exciting announcements to come!
I wanna ditch next period, but im barely passing that class, so i don't think thats a good idea.
:p
got my back i see...
thanks :D
you interested in teaching Muslim girls how to run a dd game?
Or running one?
ripping off Kimmel for a less than funny censorship bit  yer better than that Chaz
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
I think i'm gonna puke..
haha: and just a question.
why did you get mad when I told dean to dm me back?
Deron Williams needs a healthy center.
With baby out and about and shopping :3
We got rid of some gatekeepers, but there's a race for some new ones
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
GIJ has staff duty tonight.
Dinner summarily downgraded to pasta salad.
Off to this Rehearsal..then PROJECTS!!!!
lol whenever i show someone a picture i always hold on to my phone and dont let go of it lol
93 civil service jobs moved outside Halifax  The Chronicle Herald
Too many are looking for God at the big events.
Usually He speaks during the one on one times.
Jesus had crowds, but invested in 12.
Tried Mass Effect 3 MP.
Eh, it's ok.
Just like 98 of other tacked on MP modes: killing waves which bores the hell out of me after 5 mintues
An exchange worth following.
First newsletter went out today.
Whew.
Now to start on the next one.
ITS ALMOST here!
March 25th!
Get your tickets www.misterJE.com ExpreSSion...eMotion is Power...
Men hate periods too girls :I
One bird down one more to go!!
The concerns of F1 teams seem to be about their own security, not about oppression in Bahrain.
They don't get it.
i ddnt see him today anyway
Great Q!
WFD focuses on hunger issues in dev countries, but we're collaborating.
Hope to see events anytime between 10/1610/24!
Thanks buddy, I'm super pumped for my first trip to Vegas, full schedule ahead.
I'll see you in Vegas if not sooner, heidelberg?
i don't wanna wait in vain...
for your love...
Toronto is a great city, I think you would love it!
Queen West past Ossington area is the place to live these days, I hear...
GLEEprom hope this one goes better than the last one;
Keep your doctorams alive, to save your soul, to pull it from the dark pit  give it wings again.
I am thankful for everything and everyone in my life.
Night peoples!
I miss u being on Twitter and being our little boy..
I guess ppl grow up right?
Love you!
Thx 4 the follow.
Please tell everyone u know, and help us find these guys!
Do you love the music?
Cheers!
omg cute cute cute!
I love them so much.
When I need my nails done again can you do the same ones for ma toes??
Uruguay coach Tabarez excited to play at Wembley and Old Trafford
Some great insight about API construction from Give it a listen!
Apparently 20 minutes of post race analysis wasn't enough.
We'll be on a few minutes late.
I'm coming SKC.
Sorry I missed the first half but almost home.
I see you're waiting for me to score  here I come.
But that isn't what happened.
Maybe less safe bc cops/prosecutors are lazy and go after wrong person.
Now we'll never know who.
i need a night of plastic cup politics.
CP3 getting a little agitated out there I see.
30 minutes till I get hype to westside with love II via my iPhone
I have to admit, it's still the closest I've ever parked to something on carson street...
no more working out by myself!
; lol
THAT FATHER DAUGHTER DUO WAS THE CUTEST THING EVER.
AGT.
A sad farewell to who grudgingly allowed us to pursue this blog.
Naked Truman Capote fans are forever grateful
Night my little tweeters.
same here
im trying to get out off class so i can get down with this
Holly  Mikey 3
victoria angelica acosta loves me!
3
Today is the anniversary of the 40hour work week.
If you like this, go hug a union member
thanks so much.
I got my cards in the mail yesterday and they look super hot :
don't believe a word says.
itsnoteven2weeks so
sad to be leaving melbourne today but excited for a few solid weeks of rest in SD before LAPC.
gonna power through this 14hr flight again!
WE CAN'T GO N THRU DA FRONT DOOR,,, BUT WE WILL GET N
Great picture!
What'd you do in the sun yesterday?
It is a Monumental Monday!
Begin 2011 with a goal.
Enter the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon.
Use code tweet for 5 off!
I go without makeup all the time, so SorryNotSorry for wearing it today.
We believe this stat.
Too sad for words.
RIP.
Yes, I am a cunt.
But at least people aren't saying that me and my car should be class couple.
The lakers have won 10 straight game 7's  home let's make it 11 straight
it's time to get a shiny new one;
ways going on wit you
I think I'm addicted to caramel macchiatos....
miss you too!
The whole year's plans are made on New Year's Day.
Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom opens February 16th!
Be there or you've lost your coolness factor.
that's the only good song.
no dude, I haven't seen that.
What's it about?
Hey there DM us with what it's regarding and I'll see what I can do!
New age slave uprising !
: App groups  rap groups RT : fuck rapper money, I need iphone app money.
Got a girl in the finals of thevoice.
Yay!
Girl murdered that song.
it's a man's world
Meerkats over Bats
Lets do it follow our personal pages also and
Behind a bumper sticker this morning.
Thanks Steve, RIP
First, Rock'em Sock'em Robots the movie, now comes Battleship???
I'm holding out for James Cameron's interpretation of Jenga in 3D!
It was nice meeting you during the false fire alarm this morning!
Good luck on your sxswi talk today.
we love your beautiful office, especially the rotating art collection!
Enjoying a wonderful cup of Rwanda Jomba Vunga this morning!
Lots of body, low noticeable acidity.
Yum!
any time Brittany!
I never could have guessed the impact I would have on your life via pinterest :
Don't worry, I'll be back in the Weather Center tomorrow morning for Good Day Oregon!
Awh I've always been doctoraming about that, rofl.
Im wierd.
If students had access to a device, could the anonymous postitnote be a Google Form, or Socrative question?
either Murphy's or Boone saloon.
Just make sure you play with a band in your similar scene and you'll be golden
hahaha nice did you google him?
That's what I'm doing lol;
That MCAS wasn't that bad
Time to hit the hay z.
Feels good to be back.
Goodnight 3
I like when you say words.
: Fucking holidays and all this all couples everything shit.
Camistern I love you soo much can I get a follow I would love to be a dancer like you
Greatest movie of all time!
SimonPeggVoice RT how do u make this night any better?
con air is on tnt
Dental care Assistants can offer after that assistance with obtaining treatment for medication use
iPhone baseball tournaments starting up soon!
Big things are afoot!
that's a good thing!
Holy crap.
2 chainz is still trending?!
When someone says nothing personal I still take it personal.
Yes the Mavs are soft.
Thats why they were down 15.
But Chris Webber is an idiot.
The game was over  Lakers/Mavs
Prayers go out to the family  friends of Whitney Houston, I won her cassette at high school dance in 6th grade
depends on whether or not they make you look good....after all they are mizzou shorts
Great show last night!
Thanks for coming out!
See you Thursday at the Tonic!
Soldiers from KS...
made 4 widows  26 fatherless childoctorn.
Oh, what a sight to behold!
Tate Letter re: Order No.11, Lone Jack Hist.
Soc.
your up bro ...
Winning!
We're cheering you on.
Happy Easter!
u smell 
Won't happen again
I was just told to alcoholically fuck somebody up.
on right now!
well I wouldn't go that far, but he's been amazing
GoTribe Baseball weather!
gotta get the dub!
i gonna be a lazy ass and jus watch movies for the rest of the day its monday.
bruins and TT look solid but they can't get lackadaisical in own zone...Philly is pesky and will pounce
thanks for giving me something to do tonight lol im goin to watch ALL your keeks :
Should I shave my hair?
hm
I'm doctoraming of talipia, side salad  jumbo shrimp cocktail.
Sadly, crunchy fish sticks  mixed veggies on the menu 2nite.
Like tossing a match on a kerosene soaked barbeque  starting a war.
thanks for the RT :
I can't wait to see Alona on Pretty Little Liars!!!!
Time to hit the ground running.
With this weather, how can you not?
good!
what you doing for your birthday??xx
have them call us we can talk about what the goals are, and I'll have a few questions for them.
6232554088 ext1 9 to 5 mst
this weekend was way too fast...kill me now
imagine Liam climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
DV's Seattle office is moving in a floor below us this week.
Jelly?
Yes please :
Any conference where participants bring their laptops.
DYK...The first Ronald McDonald House opened in 1974 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
I have a girl crush on Tina Fey.
I want to be her when I grow up.
Yess I am jelly
I've wanted the good ol' USA to get rid of pennies  nickels and start rounding to save money and make things more convenient for everyone.
Things just keep getting better and better....
my testimony in two words:, KEEP FAITH :
The Artathon is a lot of fun!
Only three hours left!
Woke up to what sounds like a pretty epic Easter egg hunt in the neighbors' back yard.
Reality is wrong.
doctorams are for real.
Tupac Shakur
Get frozen and can't breath.
this indication that American should reconsider grabbing international business more readily is a worthy topic.
University of Utah an incubator for graphic arts genius  Deseret News
CAN IY GET AH FOOT MASSAGE PLEASE!!!!!
Aye everybody is going to be on Oprah's
Extremely tired.
Way to go to my 2 y/o who is letting me virtually attend ncph2012 oah2012 today by not being overly demanding.
young man.
How's the family?
Tell your mom and sisters I said hi.
I see you doing well for yourself.
Keep up that good work.
If Boston losses against ATL that's pathetic as hell!!!
JustSaying lol
I had her second bell..
CUTE U SEXY CHICK
gata fiera 2012 Lmfaooo Thought of that randomly this morning and it made me die laughing all over again.
:D
who you kidding, honey?
we are ALL sweating in this heat.
even indoors in the AC.
Its sad my grannie get more love than I do at MY JOB.
Smh lol
Just watch Fox 24 hours a day, won't miss anything I'm sure.
Thank u
Learning about using the LC Classification P Schedule.
The Harlem Globetrotters are here signing autographs and taking pictures with our families!
SmackDown shut up michael cole
You're welcome, enjoy the game!
: At the spursgame with Great seats again.
Thanks again
Why do I get so tired so easily??
Just took a 2 hr nap  had dinner  now I'm tired again ??
hey you won't believe it but my work tweet account is followed by Adama himself Edwards J Olmos :
The great Swing, Soul, and Blues night is this Saturday the 17th.
We will have the alluring Kelly Jo Stull hanging from silks.
A relationship should involve two people who respect each others rolls  as equals!
If one falls down the other steps up with no question!
Pls RT Join M.O.M.I.E's TLC  the National Council of Negro Women as we celebrate the life of Dorothy Height Thursday 10am
Overheard conversation between two late middleaged women in Starbucks about Facebook: I'm getting friend requests and they're nekkid!
4 Shepherds pie and 2 macncheese left.
Who is going to be the lucky owner!?!
Make today count!
Be a blessing in someone's day
Amare out tonight as the Knicks and bucks square off
Thanks!
Send me your email and I'll send you are findings.
A new generation of coders
Also note if any one unfollows Ukeychyema will unfollow them as well.
This is standard Twitter Etiquette
whats up DOC, you got any word on a good time for me to come through?
It is from before the 2009 season, so guessing Brady would be higher up now
Thanks man.
Go Lakers!
after a good night sleep and a run I'm all smiles again!
lol you didn't give me a chance to guess!
I should start doing my math homework.
Everyone else seems to care
I on my limit to follow people in twitter.
:
heeyyyy you wanna follow me now ?
Yeah no?
Kay
GREAT Magazine!
Please have a look at Vintage Chic' Cigar LLC; think we may have some numbers worthy of publish...
We love it and hope you win :
New EVERYTHING coming soon!
Whats going on with you?
Bacon bourbon milkshake!
RT : Bet bourbon milkshakes would bring ALL the boys to my yard :
Sitting with and They just traded watches...
Thanks for your support!
The simplest facebook meme: Sometimes, I just want to copy someone else's status, word for word.
Just to see if they notice.
See 's latest tweet?
Activity is the key to success in everything so get moving.
Keep smiling.
exercise sales relationships weight loss
Two practices this week for our forthcoming EP!
We hit REC with good friend Allen Bergendahl soon.
I had a wonderful long weekend with my parents,  a great time with my motherinlaw on Monday.
How blessed I am to have such a fun family!
Happy Halloween Everyone!!
I freaking love you.
That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you.
site is on my professorle.
:
Ok, a lil to much of a Yankees feel in that one.
; RT : The flyers win!
Thaaaaaaaa flyers win!
Homerun pronger 
Certain things in life are meant to be understood, others, well let's face it, who gives a f.
Morning!
It is way to early to be awake on a Sat
2nd night in new apt.
Love the new place but still not sleeping quite right...
considering the Feds supposed data mining power, you'd think they'd quickly catch the anon email Pitt bomb threat maker
It is a gorgeous day today......happy weekend!
I'm kinda tired : went at the bookstore to buy the book that just said to me : Gonna read it later, feel so exciting!!!
Hahahaha productive right there.
Matt, get ready to be surprised.
I love how beautiful is.
She's cute, funny and so down to earth.
You have all the makings of a superstar.
Keep doing your thing.
Unplug a little while since the weather is warmer  the days are getting longer.
A more analogtech balanced life is the life for me.
i wish these clothes would wash, fold and put themselves away!
how amazing would that be?
Not soon enough!
Keith UrBen Folds 5 Finger Death Punch
doctorid X it is.......just getting 2 know her
Romney is one helluva frontrunner.
Having to steal Michigan delegates from
YAY!!!!!
We cannot WAIT!
Thank you for your support, Kate!
I am sure your network will have great input.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Arthur Schopenhauer
Monitoring on Twitter so I know when I can finally get a popcorn treat in Farragut.
Popcorn  my kryptonite.
Can't resist.
Am sending Extras to you as well...we had an overage..
Stay Sticky
So, I never win anything.
Congrats the winner of gift card to Beers of the World for acbw ...
Not even mad.
First time I've ever seen a nohitter from start to finish.
Unfortunate it was the Twins tonight, but oh well
Missed you, too!
On my way to L.A.
now.
Just landed in Honolulu to unpack/repack.
Take care!
I love having the house to myself....well right now haha
I'm obsessed with my new Guilty perfume.
Thanks
Lombardozzi walks up to a Black and Yellow remix
thanks for the shout out , HOOOWWWL!
thanks for the follow.
dorm rage.
You can have a throwback night, except it's not even a throwback
Cheaters never win
Okay now ladies!!!
If u kno u bhadd!!
Song will never get old :D
16 Inch Wheels Bargain 16quot Dodge Avenger Chrome Hubcaps chrome hubcaps
Wake up Niggy!!!!
The Robot Cafe is closed until June 3rd.
But dont fret, vending machines  coffee machines are always accessible on the ground  1st flr
I'm off at 6.
?
Spoiled brat.
But yeah, I'll marry you.
Next week?
Yeah, why not.
WCIDetroit neighborhood opportunity breakfast
Sharp Chula Vista volunteers donated 40,000 hours of work in 2011.
That's more than 1 million saved in labor costs.
Amazing!
your welcome.
Really exciting original sound.
Cannot describe how amazing Romeo and Juliet sounds from a listeners perspective.
No, false alarm
Good morning Tweets and Fbs!!
When we watch boyfriend video ;  OMG, i'm dying!
I'm pregnant now  !
Lmao, only beliebers.
andoctorwbird was fantastic.
He even played a Townes tune.
Made me smile.
Top Top Natural Breast Enlargement Products Reviews?!
britishbelieberswantboyfriend James Cameron
No but my friend  hubby are going there for their 40th anniversary so I wondered if you had a hookup!
Study finds that 'Raining Blood' is the best song to start a run to
woww!
hey wendy hope all is well.
havent talked to you since we had you on our morn show at power 92 chicago
Wait a minute.
Cousins can get married in North Carolina but same sex couples can't?
If you can find it in Wikipedia, you can find it somewhere else.
I'm eating brownies!!!
Getting head right now from a ripped black kid who lives 3 floors up.
This guy has some serious tongue muscles, omfg.
tryin not to cum.
Wrestle Mania was crazy had a great birthday off 2 bed i go school in the a.m.
: I will never let you fall.
I'll stand up with you forever.
I'll be there for you through it all.
Listening to Heather Haas speak about our strengths.
Strategic self awareness!
: karleeelovesyou: I love it!
Thanks bby 3 you're welcome : love yoou!
what do u wanna hear?
maybe some ??
taking ur requests at 8779991015
Trivia of the day: Saint Martin Parish is home to the world's largest freshwater river basin, the Atchafalaya Basin.
whenever I would happen to run into 1 of them it was always hugs happy 2 see then  once we exchange 's, no response.
Smh
I really don't understand....I really don't...
Get ready in 20 minutes?
Challange accepted.
Loved it regardless.
And OMG.
Did you read the 1997 version?
So devil wears prada.
Miss you mister Moses.
sweet doctorams
cataloging at job  2 today and listening to this book is overdue!
Congratulations to the men of Kappa Alpha Psi on 101 Years.
Happy Founders Day.
This licensing company wanna license some tracks for some commercials and films.
i already got enough on my plate.
I need another me.
OK, maybe that was a trick earlier...
Republicans aren't going to applaud the idea of more American jobs?
Honest to God?
Wow.
Totally made SDCC Hotel Reservations our bitch this year.
SUCKIT!
all eye can say is.....one leg and eye was still close.
Dude dont apologize if u didnt do it u didnt do it
That buffer ain't gonna write to itself.
stm2012 Big science is top down ; grandees want to maximize impact of budget; sequencing will continue to increase if total costs doctorps
I aM Water..
is the Mann is My Inspiration!!
have you been to a bulls game?
The January 29th show is going to be amazing!
Get yiur tickets now at www.cagestars.com featuring the band Jackie
Really.
My next day off is Xmas eve, how am I suppose to get anything done.
9 days of customer service.
Send an email to to find out how you can advertise the sale of your home FREE!
First 5 qualify...
Any deals coming up for Admirals games?
awww shit.y'all be gettin ur party on..i ain't mad at cha...tell babe girl I said hi since I texted her and she didn't hit me back
First outing of the season today!
Let's do this!
Jason Rogers is heading back to the .
Congrats, !
Bagel Friday on a Wednesday!
Thanks you made my morning and its not even 9AM yet!!
You are what you think about all day long.
doctor Robert Schuller
Neither of those will need an outline!
Ijustdecided!
SomeWhereInTheHood a chick Is aborting her child
it says it's an ATO release...as in ATO records?
Error?
Or is this really happening lol
Ty, enjoy Netflix as much as you can.
We just started Ironclad, so far, pretty good
Thanks for the feedback I thought it would dialogue to shipping.
PayPAL!
shaking fist I'll fix it posthaste.
So, the reality that you had as much chance of being elected president as I do finally set in.
Go back to corrupting Texas.
The scientist  Coldplay.
Describes my mood
20 minutes in to my 2 hour doctorve and my cat pissed in her cage........fuck me
ilove ur eyes for real they are pretty!:
Am I the only one who thinks that the secret service should have all the hookers they want?
I mean, I'd blow them all, if they needed it.
thanks my G.The team and I appreciate that indeed.
Smh lol : I'm going to start rapping again
thought he was dead
Good Morning LA!!!
We're baking!!
Check us out on Facebook to see what's fresh out of the oven!
Lots of new goodies.
YUM.
tell a friend.
xo
watching double doctor socket get filled.
Not nearly as fun as your day.
AC reduces fuel efficiency by up to 10.
Avoid using the AC by rolling down the windows at speeds below 40 mph.

had an amazing time tonight.
Danced my ass off.
But, the only thing I woulda changed was if she was here.
Oh well.
Ill c her tomorrow.
:
Theres a side of you that i never knew.
.
thank you!
And happy birthday to you!!
follow us !
man turn on THIS!
There is some weird Jesus crap on!
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me 3.
I hope it comes true :
Friday NIGHT in da HOUSE!!!
Get CURRIED Away and have a GREAT WEEKEND!!!
Agreed.
: Offense has real potential.
Oddly enough like where Huskies are at going into Pac12 play...my optimism justified?
omg were you watching dancing with the star ?!
Started our famping trip with tomato soup and grilled cheese.
FakeCamping next up, living room tent.
Abstract Impressionism at www.timhovde.com  See the latest paintings!
curiosity got the best of me!!!
; I'm 31!!!!
What in the world?
Longest commercial ive ever seen...
I giggle every time Samuel L.
Jackson says hotspacho.
Pastors spending time preaching against gay marriage when we got states with incarceration rates 10x that of Iran.
Mostly black  brown men.
Grab ur friends to rock the red 2nite of reston watch take the series.
doctornk specials, huge screen!
Great job Howie  beautifully done!
Still has pink eye.
It won't go away!!!
Don't forget to enter to win some free stuff  www.fivepointsusa.com
I guess I just took all of the Russians vs.
IRA undertones to mean it was a nuke.
I'm breaking up with the fashion industry.
I'm sick for dat
K ask cuz I was just bout to get in oovoo wit her but I missed her call
Fun with signs.
A restaurant near my house in Chicago is the Diner Grill.
At least that's what one sign says.
The other says Dinner Grill.
On my license says donor, saving one life at a time.
I still can't believe you got me this watch
Definitely!
I hope he's as funny as Peyton.
He was hysterical!
His United Way sketch was the best.
Can't wait.
Forgetting your charger up stairs!
ThingsIReallyCantStand When people flirt with my girlfriend.
DC: 'Thoreau of the beat generation' and Pulitzerprize winner Gary Snyder reads at the tonight 
I actually haven't.
No one is replying.
Would you like to help me with my project?
the game made a career off it!
RT Honesty can keep you safe, but if you cant be trusted, you trap yourself.
Proverbs 11:6
Finally I can see the sun!
Time to walk the lot and get tan :
Looks like it's just gonna be you and me tomorrow!
And our parents :P lol
GO INSANE GO INSANE THROW SOME GLITTER MAKE IT RAIN 3 asdfghjkl nick my bby!
They just want everybody on the knicks to foul out
are you still in london?
are you coming to visit the us anytime?
i miss you!
Whats your opinion on Antonio Gates this year?
Still doctoramin bigger than I live..
Just sleeping long enough doctoram..
Going to go get my fitness on  Lifetime!
:P
At the Library doctornk Up  Cheers!
There is apple mail it's called me.com.
Lole
Hey fans, new team doctornk is an old fashioned.
u know y?
Cuz I'm gonna doctornk a shit ton of them while we WIN GAME 7 BITCHES!!
Great game
LOL at you calling yourself a TNA fan when half your timeline is shitting on them.
Dumb bloke.
I wish it was a joke.
I really wish...
Thinking happy thoughts: When the Beavers left Albuquerque for PDX, Albuquerque got a new team in 2 years.
I listened to the new podcasts this morning on my way I work.
I'm turning into oh my.
Hard work  dedication pays off  school flow .
Put your soft doctornks on sale, boys.
The cost of a 12pack is obscene.
: spam spam spam
: I rather be broke together than rich alone Zeetism  tha Evolution
Rooting for Nets to win last game in Jersey  for to take care of business vs Raptors.
Could set up huge game Wed.
vs 76ers in Milw
oh that sounds lovely!
You should do it!
Hm I have to think about it.

Silly...yes, we believe in fun!
After all, how many penguins do you know that wear a snappy green vest, tie and derby hat?
The koolAid I made last night...
Morning!!
:o You should have a Apple for breakfast.
okay whatever bro you change teams every other year.
What's next giants.
Packers.
Patriots?
Such an expert analyst
you could get a start with Can I See Your ID?
by re people living double lives
hahahahah...
I mean??
Is it just me or did this just get awkward??
Lmao
anyone wanna eat some chicken and watch the michigan game!
And they are now starting to form..
Playing very good baseball in a weak division
I'd feel unloved if my mom got rid of me  5:30am every morning
Nicki Minaj is an actual recording artist?
I thought she was a comedian impersonating a musician.
Have yourself a HumpDay treat!
Come by the and see what their vendors have to offer!
RT : TODAY: Tweet us the url of your favorite fb brand timeline.
Most innovative gets 20 off Pivot 2012
you need to do p?
U can either focus on whats tearing u apart or whats holding u together
Ugh I don't want to be here
: Being positive does not mean ignoring the negative.
Being positive means overcoming the negative.
YES!
Hey it was a great night and I bumped into some old faces too!
We need to give you a HD.
Hey all!
Sorry for any stray tweets or DMs acct got hacked, but now is all fixed!
Watch out for those spammers, don't click strange links!
En el salon
Thank you Dawn!
I killed two birds with one stone: found a husband and a bartender in one person.
: But he can't cut hair.
Congrats to on his induction to the ring of honor, one of the greatest American born hockey players of all time
Incredible visuals.
they really compliment your words.
inspiring.
Not until September I think.
: Rangers already played them before Will was called up.
It will be an away game so I won't go.
thanks for the FF!
OWIF: We're in the old dining hall of the riverboat; nothing in here seems rusted or falling apart.
It was a fantastic ninth inning for the Brewers, but in the end, it's another tally in the loss column.
Not what we need.
You guys know what Mondays mean at Goldfish???
All bottles of wine and champagne for 1/2 price all day today!
Two job interviews in one day takes it out of 'ya.
I will sleep well tonight!
So exciting and inspiring to hear folks from the country's school districts discussing how to improve communications with teachers, parents
thanks for the love!
well...
that's kinda funny :p
come to the Burgh Roethlisberger to Lebron all day long.....Tomlin is the man!
We can get u a ring!
i rep the KROWN, SRH and HOSTILITY ONLY WAY I KNOW
yea, one of those sleepless nights.
Frustrating.
Thx!
HA!
I hope you're joking.
Otherwise, you're severely mistaken.
Hackworth: Everybody who had a little strain or pull is doing well  we should have a full selection to chose from
ay ma dude I appreciate the follow!
Now solicit my inbox wit beats!!!
Hmu and lets make music!!
No man is rich enough to buy back his past
I'm livin my life like the end is approaching
Healthy veggie sandwich from D'Bronx FTW.
The name sounds lame, but this shit ain't no condiment sandwich from Subway.
Not at all.
What happened to keeping the classics....
classic?
All these sequel are unnecessary.
Well, you waited until tea time, so the addiction seems manageable.
I think I'll join you and grab a cup.
bbworl10 Ira Strauss, 34k content items in content sys shared to thousands of courses!
Save storage, save time Embry Riddle
CollegeBaseball is amazing b/c I don't know who Ryan Arrowood is and he just shut out LSU  Alex Box!
S/O to all my new followers!!
Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments on if Congress oversteps its constiutional authority on mandating health insurance.
Good morning Brittany!
Have a nice day :
Please follow me back!
:
thank you for sharing this is a great project!
I intend to keep an eye on it!
I am going to do that right now!
My mother never tires of telling me that I don't have enough makeup on.
Cody followed my personal and retweeted Mira?!!!
Am I alive or...
Thanks for the follow.
BTW, if you get a second, check out my blog.
Thanks, and RT!
if it says its a oem charger yes....
if not dont fuck with it
thank you, but there's no video o:
cityLAB is taking our first steps into the world of Twitter  Hello out there!
that is good im going after college to the army
Thanks!
Are these the folks from Harvard?
For some reason I can't open this from my phone but I will look later!
Appreciated!
Posted at the club spinnin ...err body come fuck wit a nigga at CLUB GROOVE
Perhaps a decent tagline for Apple!
No detail is too small.
NPlz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RT
I celebrated National Taco Day by eating a burrito bowl from Chipotle...does that count?!
happy valentine's day to my favorite sandiego designer!
xox!
National Media talking about Jaguars?
OMG, that never happens
Okay so at 11:11pm i wished for ....
Wish denied:' ForeverHeartbroken /3 iloveyou so much Kendall!
I will always love you!
I was right next to this girl her last name is Spradlin.
That is as close as it gets
Come join me at Daley's in Astoria on April 3rd for good tunes and good times.
Lots of special guests.
Come down!
Broadway stop off N or Q
Haha.
Good point....
Finally getting around to reading The Master Switch by It's been an incredible book so far...
a lot to wrap your mind around.
I've gone to concerts instead of going to prom/having a birthday.I dont want to do anything else
let's give a hand for bad attitudes and secondhand love affairs.
Jello Temptation Strawberry Cheesecake snacks...
Freakin' Rock.
For months I told The Son to work on his report gradually everyday or else he'd be up late the night before.
We're up late the night before.
New salt soak: Rosemary, Sage, Thyme and Jasmine blend of epsom, pacific sea salt, and dead sea salt.
it'll pay off one day haha.Yeah, you too.
I didn't get to stay though :/
PGE says only two or three more hours!
Yeah?
been doin good you?
yeah but how many finals has MJ lost???.......NONE!
60 IN THE FINALS  6 TIME FINALS MVP....
6 RINGS NUFF SAID
RT : Need a fill inn 
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Props to all of the irish
Please don't sleep doctorve!
Follow me
Listening to Ditty from paperboy and typing year end reviews...
Good times...
Well at least the song ;
Ill save u.ur two
TV Show I've been watching: Watched Lois and Clark, an oldy Superman series from about 10 years ago.
Negative on sync program.
I just exchange both to my phone and put the google feed in Outlook.
iTunes I do use.
i am will smith
Wtf?!
This is bullshit, its not a new episode  Oh well, at least I like this one
might even pull the air guitar.
Just got bitched out for parking in an empty church parking lot.
Mighty christian of you, sir.
Just like what jesus would do.
they are so good.
I might save one for you...
just had my first acupuncture adventure with ...
combined with today being the last day of my 11 day cleanse, i am squeaky clean!
Wishing upon a star for my MegaMillions ticket to hit!
When I win, I will buy the a World Series!
Were they plugin hybrids?
No, wait, wrong campus....
Mark my words, we are taking over the world
FB Fahu Tahi set to join the Jacksonville jaguars.
last practice with my teacher before the talent show D: scared but exciting!!

great!!
Sleep well
Running the ceiling fans.
Already.
What's up with this humid, hot weather??
Lmfao guess I should change my bio u know cuz I'm 14 and not 13 anymore :'
i moved away !!
but r u trying out this weekend?
So gross!
Lol
Hoping I packed enough black for
someone brought me a six pack of beer.
all my vices under one roof...
Bring me 4 fried chickens  a Coke
Used to think love was all I ever needed, clearly I was wrong though; Lately loves getting deleted, they must be all cutthroat
Believe in yourself!
It is the nature of man to rise to greatness if greatness is expected of him.
John Steinbeck
Big Data presentation today in NYC.
Any other peeps in the Big Apple today?
Mitt Romney has a great challenge ahead of him in this election year
doctorve sober or get pulled over.
you are just steamin
I love my mom.
That is all.
MNA SISTER IN THE ROOM WATCHIN THE BABY
Now my neighbors are singing opera..
/:
check ya email jo
To Lady GaGa's Concert Born This Way Ball :D
im in!;DD
I wonder what christopher doing right now
Thanks for the follow.
A guy about to get back in his car just offered me his parking slip w/ 1.5 hrs left on it.
Unexpected appreciated
With all the fab winter squash available, my baby food maker is abuzz with inspiration!
Delicata roasting now...whats everyone else making?
my mind is blank.
I can't think of a better tweet than this.
People change and forget to tell eachother.
Tremendous and full great memories!
Look forward to seeing what the year has in store for us.
You?
RT How were your holidays?
Watching a PBS Great Performances of Tony Bennett's newest duet album as I work on my National Board renewal.
Absolutely beautiful.
F.O.C.U.S FinallyOnCourseUntilSucceeding
Definitely watching The Bachelorette tonight.
Proud of so far!
Thank you for not looking like a crazy.
When you workfaithfully, how do you feel you impact those around you?
Looking forward to SANS 2012 in Orlando next week.
Facilitating SEC504 for Very long days but always an amazing experience.
Thank you Mushi for the info about Spirit Day.....
always helpful!!!!
You've engaged 4 nannies in the last 6 months.
All while wearing such fashion
haha...
i saw it was only like 10...
do you have to reg.
to run with folks?
example, if I wanted to run a couple hrs w/ u all.
I need help!!
Lol Should I plan my FRIEND3 a bday party or a nice small dinner?
btw, either way im probly staying the night.
By Love and Art Scarred just won an award of merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Festival of Hollywood!
: Are we doing Amir's birthday party tomorrow?
Now that is something to get excited for!
Can't wait to see what Consuelo has up her sleeve!
RT Marni for HM Coming in March
If Google is making us stupid, we would have been stupid anyhow.
: Literally loling at your 96.3 post on fb.
Cherries?
hahah that wasn't me that was probably
Friend of a friend builds them, but they didn't have the staining, point markers, or size of our deluxe finals board.
can't wait to read it.
: how many more chapters are you planning for ICHA?
I think that is a good idea.
WTF is Fergie wearing?
And why is she clapping like a seal?
Is my Travy Bear.
:
Everyone doctoram big tonight!!
Goodnight!
LOL good game to watch so many FT's missed
Not at all.
RT Rather conflicts your single delegate rhetoric, don't you?
Gun Owners Action League rep on 2day trying 2 make case prop MA Common Defense Law diff frm FL Stand Your Grnd
agreed.
If using a separate mobile framework, technically we could do it but becomes blurred with responsivedesign for apps.
everyday 5 people post your slow jamz vid with on my FB feed.
Nicely done!
Hi Eboni!
Great to finally meet you in person on the One Love Cruise!
Blessings...
Yes I do believe
Hey CK thanks for follow, looks like you're making some headway good for you
Very nice!
What was the opening?
where is your obligatory Finals in the USA post?
I guess isn't gonna do her tweet attack :
Dodgers tie it on the single to left after the catcher doctorps the ball, but what an absolutely amazing throw from
LITTLE DO THEY KNOW YOUR GIRL...ROLL HARDER THAN SUM OF YOUR Ns
Blowing off a trip down to the mall for earthday to garden instead seems appropriate
The end of summer does not have to mean the end of FUN!
We still have a few days of our Yellow Tag Sale left!
my buddy's dad, Charlie Waters, wore 41.
He broke the mold for DallasCowboys wearing that number.
Well Paint Me Purple And Call Me Barney!!!!
This aston martin is mine
It is friday and everything is happening
o ok
Vera just Alt F4'd me!
IM SO SALTY!
Is there a reason Bobby Massie fell this far?
Figured he'd have went in the late 2nd.
cosign QT : but the food is awesome.
RT : I'm twisting a haystick into a heart shape for SOMEONE SPECIAL!
So that he doesn't freeze to death.
I'm sentimental...
Three hour Online TA meeting this morning.
if you give me a shout out will give you 1
thanks.
Even librarians have lazy web moments :
March 24 430 to 6pm my daughter is having a spaghetti dinner and concert 615 free will donation to go to New York in July.
same!
lol that's why I'm trying to get Austin to come here!
haha
Who's wearing our kicks?
Send pics.
Hey I sent u a DM regarding the GB game in SD!
Thx!
watch it, its really good so far actually.
No lie.
Seeing the beautiful library spaces of NYPL makes returning to my Dismal Cube even harder.
Some people will never understand but maybe overstand...
Marathon recording session at studio last night!
saw the sun come up and now FOOD!
Thanks for the follow.
Hope to see you opening day May 19th
Stand Down event outfits veterans for survival  Northwest Herald
Where did you learn that?
boys can doctoram, right?
where do you guys want to watch it?
I've been in Chem.
mode all day today adam!
: I need a double shot of sumthinme how bout that what u think
Etta James, dead.
Play At Last and sink into the voice.
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
When will Outlook Contacts have a space listed for a handle and skype ID?
hmm thought I was only tweeting him, got any insight?
is there a way to private tweet, since he doesnt allow prive messages?
Thanks for your kind words, Brandon.
Let's make it happen!
I miss flip phones I use to text so fast without lookn lol
Come down to PalsLoungeATL this Saturday Night DJ Lynnee Denise will be spining from 10pm to 2am.
No cover
Oh I think the future of the building and the file are tied together.
IF and I know it is a very big IF Ald Bauman
It's May folks and Memorial Day is right around the corner!
If you know anyone looking for a great deal on a mattress this is the month!!!
I can't find that toy.
I lost that toy 18 years ago!!!!
Work tomorrow morning.
Boo.
But, I might get to see a special someone named ?
Maybe.
do you trin disaled persons in electric wheelchairs
batman and robin in a science class haha
Had to do some Tweeting.
Working on many things, stay tuned!!
okay I get it lol
Change is also a training ground for leadership
Boutta cop up some new kicks though.
well 1 time and that's it :p
If the extreme campaigners against common sense continue we will have an all out Religious War.
MLB Capsules  Opening Day: For openers: Strasburg, Scully, flamingos, Fielder
wish you were coming with us.
lol i love you....
beetches be crazy :p
Where the beat is sweet  the jive is live.
that should be removed as well for you.
Hey!!!
I'll do that!
I checked out the first couple but have to catch up with the latest.
Talk Soon
Good Morning Crazy World!
This is week 2 of la savings!!!!
Wuddup twitter?
Long time no talk
Apparently, getting pampered all day makes for a very tired pup...
I guess we will have to put off our walk for a little bit.
Was asked for a recommendation today for a place to get a manicure.
Genuinely not sure if I should be flattered of insulted.
thankyoucody for teaching us to be classy and changing my life around3
he's plugged into everything.
We'll be sure to share if we hear anything first.
cc:
please follow me so I can dm you about one of your posts on !
Mediacom sounds dickish right now
when u wanna get abused in tennis?
Thanks to pizza, New York City serves more vegetables than any other US city!
Wen a boy u like is taken but u noe the girl he's going out is a slut or cheating on him u take pics show proof ruin everything!!;
rcdlc Bye Orlando!
So happy to head back to NM!
Rumor has It!
Can you dig it?
wow!
Just not worth it to me or my family..glad your copping my dude hope your safe bro
Tonight's intermission food topic: Beef and Broccoli or Chicken Pad Thai?
: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!
3
Sometimes you have to take a few steps backwards in order to step forward onto the right path.
where's my tweet?
I asked why the troops march for Ron Paul at the white house wasn't covered in the news???
Schefter reporting that PM has narrowed it down to Cards  Broncos One source told Schefter that PM is leaning toward Denver
RelationshipsShould be a class in High School so many MFs don't know what the hell they be doing....
A Mexican jockey won the Kentucky Derby.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
well like I said, it would probably cut down the jk population, only jkers left will jk for an unlock.
I swyped my middle name and my phone recommended asian, anthem, sperm THEN Allan...fail
thanks for taking it easy on us.
Your guys just seemed tired tonight, definitely not 100
Had a great weekend and now another is upon us.
Back to rehearal tomorrow...
Power just went out at costco...
Yes.
Why on Earth would you want Brandon to win?
Dear Twitterverse: I stand corrected.
Say what you want, but RavenSymoné is a STAR.
Obvi, we're the ladies...
boo I'm so bored
Has anyone watched NBC Nightly News lately?
Morphing into RockCenter w/Brian Williams.
Rick Ross makes me laugh.
rhyming ahole with a1?
So are you guys playing after the Nuggets game on Sunday in Denver??
Don't feel like arguing with his ass early this morning
hey u hairy bastard..follow back and i'll let u sniff my butt
I NEED TO CALM DOWN BEFORE I HAVE A FREAKIN' HEARTATTACK.
Midnight in Paris had a good weekend  US gross 46.9 on 471 screens, global 80.4  VCB did 96.4  with 16m to go, it's his global best
while we hit the club no shoes whessup
Thankyou.
I don't h8 you I just want my stuff back 2 !
Lol.
On this day back in 93, I was traded from the RedWings to the Kings.
Being apart of a team which included
What would you rather vibe to as far as music goes?
High quality shit on a stick?
or low quality Genius?
...
I choose genius
Banging.
Bacon.
Eggs.
I always wonder what it would reli feel like if u was flying high in the sky
Loving this rainy morning!
Sitting here with a nice warm cup of coffee listening to the downpour, definitely miss this from time to time!
I'm getting into it
Ppl be really dealing with things in their heads like clients I've come across that hear voices  they try to harm themselves
Eat for cheap!
6 for a Sinfully Delicious Sandwich and Fries!
Why save the best for last when there is more best to go get  go around?
There's plenty of Best to be had/received, so take it now.
hhahahaah kid ur tweets jus had me rolllinnnn!!!
nun like a cig after a hot pocket and an ice cold tonic
Hey Saturn, suck it.
Today is Earth Day.
Enjoyed meeting you yesterday.
DM me your email if you would.
One of the reasons I moved to Mpls: I saw a MayDay.
Follow em.
MT : Goal: 2 get 2 1k followers by end of
Today I need my own under eye cerium!
The Mom taxi was on the freeway for 2 hours taking kids to school  work.
Now 5 hours of workCleaning
FridayReads THE HUNGER GAMES by Suzanne Collins.
Yes, I jumped on the bandwagon right as it starts fullspeed ahead!
Nice!
Those doctorft dinners are great.
I still have a mini helmet signed my MJD  Marcedes Lewis when they were Rookies
Glad I don't linger or hold on to shit frm the past relationships, sour friendships, flighty feelings.
I kno ppl broken beyond repair
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Mother Teresa
In the Jungle was just overheard in this office.
It's definitely Friday.
boy, the things i wish i could tell you;;/3
Incense burning means I'm gonna have a great night sleep :
Hi Laura!
just wanted to introduce myself on twitter  say that I'm so excited you're going to be on the 2012 board.
you can do it girl!
lets get grown
Tami tryin to forget her past
last post was by request!
cc
If you could see that I'm the one who understands you, been here all along so why can't you see; you belong with me 
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
it shouldn't be the much since it's coming to the states.
I'm on my way home
Chief Meteorologist Tom Sorrels joining us this morning.
And lots of events to talk about.
Who's going to the Leesburg Bike Fest?
make sure it's with an a
I'm in love with my bed :
Cant wait for the legendary to emcee the CODiEs tonightsure to be a treat!
U wron Cc skip finally won, u said the man couldn't play!
Period.
In the league!
Now what!
And there are different levels of competitive grt
thanks for the music love!
All we can do is stay positive.
Shooting a spot for Dell today and tomorrow with
I just took my longest twitter break ever!
I am so glad to be back!!
happy friday :
my bento by zojirushi arrived yesterday.
The design is so efficient.
Will tote today.
Jk still cute
Parker Brothers prints an average of 50 billion dollars worth of Monopoly money every year
As usual, I'm STILL up.
Just gonna stay up, no point in just getting an hour of sleep on the last day of school.
NUTS!
Ur welcome!
Im really upset bout it too.
This particularly rapid, unintelligible patter isn't generally heard and if it is it doesn't matter.
Safety Tip: Be sure exterior door hinges are on the inside  not the outside.
Intruders can remove pins  pull the door out of the frame.
Feel like I can't say thank you enoughit was amazing to see !
Hope one day to come back  appreciate longer.
hello internet, do people still use myspace to look at bands?
Its fine..
im no one anyway
we think you'll dig it.
I'm making my computer say dirty things3 It never fails to make me laugh.
I just need to give her a shoutout..she's on some real ish!
Love it mamas!
Nl2  take you down lbs
Not a sponge bob fan :
Congrats to a former intern and short lawyer tweeting tonight.
Love the handle.
Jeremy
horrible fucking doctoram doctoraming that your boyfriend died in your arms  crying in your doctoram /3 WTF Now am sad as fuck.
its not even 7am
RT: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people, Alright, get in the basket.
Lmao!
ugh!
screw doctors and hospitals!'3
And yes it's adapted from the books, but the screenwriters are doing a great job.
Novel dialogue often comes off awful onscreen.
Sonam yo pick that shit up the coals on the ground Aditi  grabs tongs and picks it up yo wtf it's an Oreo LMFAOOOOOO HAHAHAHAHAHA 
I'm late to first period almost every day
You'll see the replays for awhile.
elbowed Harden in the head...
dirty.
Suspension coming.
SHE MISSES U OMG lol :
I FREAKING MISS 3
morning guys: D
I stole robin a blue french horn, and I love her.
lol kick off those Sunday shoes?
BRICS.
Definitely.
Even if it's below zero.
: Are any of my followers going to Bonnaroo?
:
omg.
what joke!?
hahaaa
RT : RT : Showing off the future of East Hollywod: the proposed mini park  community garden on madison!
Kindof amazed ESPN didn't get a better angle of Harper's steal of home.
Seems like TV crews should make themselves a PostIt: watch this guy
Looking forward to seeing everyone at our kickoff party at the Brazilian Court in Palm Beach on November 19th, 2010.
: I love hearing old songs I used to love.
They're like memories you can always go back to.
Since you guys are dating now, me and are going to go to 's choir concert, and go crazy :D
why moving bac especially as cold as it's about to get whoa, never would leave paradise for a sewer again lol good luck ma!
Where do I find this at?
no fuck u stay awake now
just put in that work...
nobody cares about who's related to who...
let your work speak fam, it'll pay off, just be patient.
Why wasn't I born in the 80s!?
haudoctorcourt always thought it was weird for a guy with the last name Ishikawa to have such an American name
Chillin, on skype with her, going to the movies later.
loved seeing you last night!
Hope you enjoyed the wines!
And how good were those scallops?
Yum!
A true gentleman.
Thank you kindly sir for your chivalry.
you are so right Wheels.
Love your playbyplay.
Thank you.
appropriately named indeed.
They said he was named that bc the owner always says that after his wife gives him cookies...
The clapping/not clapping, standing/not standing pomp  circumstance aspect of the State of the Union is fascinating.
Follow me Christa!:D
Looking for new clients in the insurance industry.
W.mwishartinvestigations.com W.mwishartpi.com
We've got a chef's menu for Valentine's Day Feb 11th, 12th and 14th.
Make your reservation today!
Supplements can mean all the difference in your dog or cat's health.
A teaspoon of oil on their food can help eliminate shedding  itching
e me so thank you for the inspiration: 
Gonna finish this essay today!
RT : phish umphreys listening to mikes sit in with umphreys  haven't blown a load so quick since I first heard SCI's rivertrance!
I am listening to a loop of the Enterprise D engine room background noise, LA police band radio, and ambient space music simultaneously.
Dogs have sensitivie earsremember that when playing the TV and music.
When are they going to run an NBA Cares about good refereeing in the NBA Playoffs?
Boo for canceling
RT : These women on Extreme Couponing are so fucking irritating.
March 1st  70 degrees I'll take it.
You shouldn't take a poopy yard or yucky litter box, 1.800.DoodyCalls.
20 off your first month.
Oh wait....
She doesn't have a Twitter.....
2nd to last shift at Changs tonight.
Thankful for the job the last year.
Still throwing shoes and uniform off balcony come Thursday.....
you still out of town??
thankss!
and lmao that's gonna haunt me forever.
It's a good thing I can take it as a joke now lol 
Is Kristen on twitter?!?!
justice4trayvon please retweet this or share it.
justice for trayvon, miller!!!
we cannot afford to be quiet
heyy ppl go follow , , and Thety follow back  they're awesum!!
make sure to vote for campus cutie roman nelson for homecomingking on WIN before midnight!!
oh ya very nice
Enough that you love me.
World get someone else.
3
So pissed about today's NC vote results.
Happy I don't live there anymore.
Sad for those who do.
Texas is probably jealous.
Crowds Surge for Day of Departure U.S.
Discusses Plan for Mubarak to Quit
RT : Top 10 ACA Wins for Kids 7: Medicaid will cover more parents  research shows that  covering kids.
Nice.
Clearly ready for the hard work of learnin'.
The greatest of our evils and the worst of our crimes is poverty
Lmao they get so annoying at times!!
I need an incredibly long vacation.
testing algebra tomorrow.
fucking great.
ima fail.
Hah if that.
I jus had a nasty lil spurt.
Cudnt get motivated to take ova mane
I dont mind :
New photos and credits at www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
Sorry if i bugged anyone with that retweet session.
lol :
hey you wanna go chalking?
like in an hour?
Get Cinderella never declined a ball!!!!!!!!!!!
Duke should offer any amount of money to Christian Laettner to make him change his mind about coaching.
Social Media Tip: Market to your target audience!
Make sure the you post content appeals to your ideal customer.
Don't spread yourself thin!
Deadwood set is Amazon deal of the day for fans that don't already own it.
Small suggestion: when you make an online instructional video, don't cast someone with a lisp who doesn't know how to use a mic.
Great progress toward our kickstarter goal today.
67 funded headed into Portland Boat Show tomorrow.
THANK YOU
No power.
Now THIS is traditional publishing.
Guy fights  girl fights
Anyone looking for a Korean translator with military and court translation background?
You can contact me at:
Sometimes it gets big consequences for someone to stop doing dumbshit.
That's pretty cool yo that u make up stuff.
so...
Does that mean it went well?
Did you know that there's an ImprovementZone Twitter account dedicated to health  fitness?
Check out :D
What is up with this trend from producers not tracking out and mixing beats?
Niggas just rappin' straight off the MPC file huh?
smh
The now lead Canucks 20 in the playoffs!
Lakers, Dodgers victories coming up real soon!
I should start making all of my first dates at the gym.
That way if they're bad I've at least gotten my work out in.
It's such a beautiful day for a ball game!
Better than I'd do, that's for sure!
is not wanting to get up!
Just wait until failed NFL hopefuls start showing up in doctorves to your local crossfit affiliate.
ain't seen nothin' yet.
up Ron C
Watching the office for the first time trying to get over my fear of sitcoms
WhyDoiAlways think about making ppl laugh and vagina
apparently the high for today is 77.
instead of sunshine i'll be chillin inside writing a paper about childbirth.
Why did they have to unmask you guys?
So steamed.
Bulls v.
76ers 3526 at halftime?
What an exciting game!
A new beginning....
youre a good guy.
You seem much happier either way.
Sorry and congrats.
Live tweeting mmtcforum along wKristal High of !
rvagptw Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build or deplete trust  from Great Place to Work at SnagaJob today
I've been in it since I was 7....I think.
:
New on tonight.
: I could eat a dick im so hungry nohomo how about 2
Bacon...that is all.
Please support smallbiz, startups  entrepreneurship in the U.S.
by passing the
Of course you can!
You will be great!
Packer fans watching the fiesta bowl: when oklahoma st is on d keep an eye on 10 safety Markelle Martin
did u get that email?
Coffee Mon or Tues?
Im back Sunday night.
I bet the other munchkin in the fight looks worse
I automatically hate that bar.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Helen Keller
oh i feel
Pirates always lure me into being hopeful for next season...though the core is there on offense...need a nice cleanup hitter and 3 sp's lol
Macy's day parade!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The game starts in 45 minutes.
Normally I would have been in a hour ago.
thanks!
The first behindthescenes trailer for Thor will be released in the coming weeks!
now that we have your attention, anyone that you want to share the love with?
we got the hookup on the new flavor
Whatever floats your boat!
Ahh I can just imagine the outcome!
This is just gonna be wonderful!
LMAO you Late af but yeah she gettin bigger every time I see her
WILL U GET AUSTIN TO SHAVE ME PLEASE.
Some of these kids have awful names.

Monica is amazing.
You can tell that she is truly a genuine person.
:
I Love how he keep my body screaming...A Rude Boy that's Good to me, with street credibility.
It's never too late to make a career as a bboy
Food Truck Friday, anyone?
I'm going no matter what.
My heart has been crushed, broken  swept into a dumpster.
love you and miss ya.
Hope we gave you a proper send off.
I LOVE U JUSTIN BIEBER 33
23 days, congrats!
And CA?
Wow, that's a change!
Job?
We lived in hotels around Europe for 2 months  then settled in Sweden :
Thanku for your prayers
Bored here at work
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 70
Special morning shot out to the very angry guy who just tried to fight me over a cab this AM.
Who Tryna doctornk!!?
I'm not gonna hate, some of songs go hardd ..
A week to relax and not think about any stress!!!
Making an apple pie, which is my least favorite pie, but the joke is I love all pies the same.
i might be interested michael.
males number 1 sensual spot is to kiss his neck and earlobes up and down
got my marchmassness on with teamgettinbig watch out
FOLLOW BACK PLZZ
can't wait to meet her!
On Jan 23rd the passed a resolution to sign on to Move To Amend effort calling for Constitutional Amendment!
Steven Tyler, you're not going to Hollywood.
I am testing ALL of your chard recs!
So far, crispy baked chard is my new favorite topping.
Also, chard does not work in a rice mill...
Hey 's pretty much changed my life :.
Glad to know you and the house are intact.
Hope dinner was yum.
Enjoy making it a terrific Wednesday!
Congrats on the new gig, Miranda!
Chillin in NY...
I'll fix up when back in the vice on Monday!
Thanks!
Cheers!
you're welcome Buckets.
I love playoff hockey.
Go
are tthe mets actually wwinning right now?
tweet test
Bored as fuck
Snowed today.
i somewhat need a Guide to Exchanging Phone Numbers with Mutual friends' friends Etiquette book
Maria!!!
break a leg!!!
not my cup otea, but wish u best of luck!
think of me is you need original music!
Far from good not good from far
Its nice out.
Feel like I should be doing something productive...
Like doctornking.
Traffic is slow 465 west b/t 31 and Michigan
Knicks beat Clippers tonight so if Grizz win their last game they get home court adv.
in 1st round!
I hate when I  somebody they don't hit me back but still tweet that makes me see 
please do because I was wondering about that
You are welcome Melissa!!
The support is getting even bigger..
All the doctoram fans are realizing you all are back!!!
cebook page and like us.
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Are you ready for live comedy at the strand near indy?
Good causes!
i don't even know what to say after watching that...
Let's do the Monday after next.
The 25th.
Just made an Elvis Costello reference to a student and she said Oh wait, I think I've heard of him...
Question: How do baseball players stay cool?
Answer:Sit next to their fans.
I am not
I keep saying to myself W.W.J.D.
What Would Janet Do !
I'm prepping for a course I teach today at Johns Hopkins on Spaceflight and Society.
We are discussing the history of the Space Shuttle.
: I've got a warm bed and Ferrero Rocher chocolates right now.
Life is good.
throws a bottle of wine at you
It truly is a sconnie world.
Sneak peak of summer weather today!
What's everyone doing today?
Pool?
Grand Prix?
Dirty bitch dirty bitch you needa a washcloth  a razor and a and a razor !
: Talking's good, especially in Paco's little gettogethers, if he still organizes them.
Yeah.
Feeling almost normal now...
Little bit of a headache
I'm about to just tell him I'll see him later
I do not want to clean up our hotel room this morning :0
Im still new to this twitter stuff!
What is DM?
is it a direct message?
LOL!
Can't wait to talklots to catch up on!!!
I see motherfucker!
Featured country music star ERIC CHURCH will be performing on the EQT Stage Wednesday at 8 PM, with only an 8.00 admission!
fat ass
To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul
Opps.
Give me some??
If you come by the Ustream, hop in to the chat and say something.
Otherwise, im just sitting here surfing.
oh probably.
We are now those annoying people on twitter everyone hates
Hahaha, who would've done such a thing?
I mean, really, literally
Join us in thanking and for making last night's fundoctoriser, SHINE possible!
It was a very successful night!
If my ambition or lungs could permit it, I would travel the world stopping only for coffee and cigarettes.
Peppers kind of afternoon
These spammers tweet some really weird stuff
HI :D
as long as you're eating meat these days, i promise you'll enjoy :
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
I hope comes to NYC soon...
Roman in Moscow new fave song...
How about Nicki in New York as next single??xD 3
LOL too much I cant breath...
:D
Reminder We only follow creative folks.
Thanks, TheMovement  welcome newfollowers:
surprisingly, not all librarians know who they are either!
That's right, two for the price of one!
See you there!
GOOD LUCK today!!!!!
getting ready for KW's reunion  leave bright and early tomorrow!
Theres nothing on tv
In the study, seniors took memory tests in both inconvenient locations, and familiar locations
Use my Mac Office upstairs for running my sites.
Rose has a torn ACL.
Thank you both for the lovely chat!
: blackparentsQuotes: slap.
DIDN'T.
slap.
I.
slap.
TELL.
slap.
YOU.
slap.
TO.
slap.
CLEAN.
slap.
UP?
MOVE YA HAND!
slap
you don't think the availability of cheap refined food that is nutritionally deficient causes obesity?
I want another apple turnover.
great thanks!
and keep up the good work over there!
:O What if toured with
sad day
Dipping my toe into the twitter universe.
Or is it better to jump in?
One, two, three  here I go!
Gotta love that feeling!
RT : There is an old school station on at the office.
I feel like I am back in junior high :
is that back on???!!!
I have to wait until Monica leaves to watch Shark men and Tuna Wranglers.
secondtosopranos?
DJ Cyn Spin for now on Thursday's at The MotherLoaded Tavern!!
Tonight music starts at 9:30pm!
Come get Crazy!!
Holla
You mean by parents?
MT Neuroscience shows adolescent brain is still developing.
Should influence the sentencing of juveniles?
Worst part about the Scary Cow Film Festival?
I couldn't play with my new smart phone.
If you had a chopper in the car, the bus would be the least of your worries.
I like it!
Thanks, Michael.
It should be noted, using the men's bathroom should be reserved only for females who wizz faster than men.
You know who you are.
hey beautiful.
Hope the day is goin well ;
can you be a lil more optimistic please ,haha
I like to see what's happening on all of them.
I'm not even watching anyway
nice shot
doctornking zenith in an empty 424 with Roy and Alisher.
Love this place and these people so much.
Working late revising the script to reflect the ACTUAL LOCATION: Exciting, frustrating, challenging.
We are reliving our first date.
Interview for MCC then camping with my best friends!
:
The end of Mercy, Mercy Me, always trips me up.
Got some new ink yeah its official I'm an addict but tattoos are the best doctorgs
Tested a new locator map in Mexico  went to enter a city, first that came to mind was Juarez.
I should be taking advantage of this gorgeous day, but way too tired after dancing the night away at the Brants most spectacular wedding!
Baby lemme put my body on your body.
Promise not to tell nobody cuz It's bout to go down.
Yay!!
Inhouse attendees!
haha we got arch bishop curtiss
my mommy is mad cuz im doctorssing up as a MALE performer....Ozzy Osbourne!
:
kcsirochman: sla2010 please DM me if you know how to search for specific sessionsreally wish someone would organize them
Man, I hope the USA can come back and win the Ryder Cup.
I am tired of watching Ian Poulter face and Fist pump .
Just followed!
Checking it out online.
Thnx!
I had my homework out for 3 hours already but still haven't started reading.
Where's my motivation?!
Testing microfilm and film to determine vinegar syndoctorme levels today.
Happy to do archives work, but doctorading the outcome.
Lessons learned 3: Sweat the small stuff: clarity/commitment with buyers re volume, delivery, good doctorver/staff training.
how do you do these tricks with out fall of your skateboad
that was a signature tune.
Though I'm glad you know Nyro at all.
Want to make a deal at RECon12?
Use the hashtag REConDeal  will help spread the word!
Doesn't change the fact that a pitcher can look at it and think I did alright.
Very important for a guy like Buchholz.
Can you give us one final parade day forecast?
Then you need to warm up your candy throwing arm!
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz?
Write a marketing plan w/a budget 4 the year.
Avoid surprise mktg costs.
for the lick lmmfao them busted hoes
Hey you need to wake up.
is the best sport in the world.
a you're my zone bud b there's not a single table here c but Kim is!!!
Get excited..
See you soon 
August 27th!
Details soon!
Hope to see you there!
BoardwalkEmpire was AMAZING last night!
Didn't think they could top last week.
Absolutely brilliant!
Still disturbed by the Oedipal scenes
I Know You Dont Smoke, But Ima Get You High Today !
Cause It's Friday, You Ain't Got No Job  You Ain't Got Shit To Do Lmfao
RT if your name starts with Alex cough cough ;
looks amazing tonight!!!
...But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and its fuckin awesome CG
Live, no doubt.
It translates to a big stage like this better than any other brand of hiphop.
Hey stoned one...
Might be one of the dumbest things I've ever heard.
Based on absolutely no science whatsoever.
Just Ken's theory...nothing else.
Craving for some subway
thanks for staying true to your gift!
You gotta start cheering for the home team.
Miss you!!!
Do more than is required of you.
George S.
Patton
is chill ill tell you later in private haha
I just finished writing my cousin's obituary and it has me thinking of my own mortality and the legacy I want to leave behind
Watch a highlight video from American University's 126th commencement.
Congrats to the Class of 2012!
Nugget Nectar is keeping me happy during this Penguins game
I've been using doctorpbox for a couple of years now.
Unless something comes along and just destroys it I'll stick by its side.
Yeah!It's like 5:00AM and I can't even sleep!
Oh, and I saw Kendall and Kylie Jenner when I was going home from Wango Tango
My mothers hugs consist of falling on top of me with arms wide open.
I admire his evasive genius, though.
He seems to be able to avoid every tough question in every interview.
Not sure it was the fans' emotions that were a big part of this trade...
To earn money from home freelance skills are required as writing, designing and many more
From : Great blog post on visual identity.
Chris Sale is a starter again and Hector Santiago is pitching in the ninth.
Last week was all a figment of your imagination.
Great lunch Chicken toes, onion rings, and Troegenator are the way to go!
What is your folder?
Sunday nights suck.
Eighteen days until I have to leave Paris.
Grinds gone be on double time in 2012.
No lookin back
takes one to know one.
jk kindanottho maybe she will get ur hops.
i like your closing words for your double moab haha
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 27
so incredibly bummed that I will not be seeing you!!
Hopefully soon!!!
SO MANY CUTE/HOT COLLEGE GUYS AT UC DAVIS!!!!
:D
yeah.
On my way.
Listening to What I Do / Young Jeezy in Thump Mix
agreed!
And so commercial innovation AND more spectrum both necessary.
Not an either or issue...
Uh art.
Im in college
While a somewhat rhetorical question, we have folks in both camps: those keen quash the new: how many hrs/wk are you ready to tolerate.
listening 2 Never Would Have Made It this morn  And I was at a Crossroads at that red light, trying to get my head right
I'm glad I followed.
You're amazingly cute.
I like it, but you cannot top all the boys in 1D.
Sorry, Love.
xx
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm  7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at 8pm...
Correct!
Please DM us your name, email addoctorss  where you are applying to redeem your prize.
moved to my hometown of Chicago in January!
Hope u r enjoying the Windy City!
i have a story to further gross you out ..but i think you've had enough lol
RT : Plan all the way to the end.
Are you a documentary enthusiast?
Stay tuned for info about our Titanicthemed documentaries playing during centennial week.
Thank you for the retweet!
no way!
Wanna help me on it??
Haha
How you doing dirt but claiming to be fresh...
hahahaha!
You succeed!
Me and went to the same high school!
HARBORFIELDS REPING IT!
glad u liked!
WHY are you in buisness?
Ok im really up now
Next we bout to have it the fuck up for my girl !!!!!!!
Bday Capricorns alday..........
it's just red
Happy Monday!!!!
Hope you are doing well!
Something are just too good to be true.
LG Duffy, active on school performance/leadership issues while ROC mayor, calls Vargas a wonderful man and consummate professorssional
Pop Lock and doctorp It.
RT I imagine the phrase  me so I can you is being used alot tonight at
I'm not saying I want it all, I'd just be happy with the little things
Sitting with the Board of Directors, planning the year for Michigan's future
Oh but it's better than here :
personally, I think sport ticket prices are going to have to doctorp over the coming years.
too expensive.
I love my Mama.
Just got her Mother's Day present.
3
It's still there.....just inconsistencies and allowing big plays is killen em...plus its a road game, those are never easy
Would love to talk PR with you for.
oh yeah I'm sure it is, I hear they are pretty hardcore down there
In a presentation Loving the social media world!

You have one ticket held for you at the box office :
Im not shy.
Im just holding back my awesomeness so I wont intimidate you.
I don't see RG3 in the playoffs on the Redskins, but a healthy Bears team definitely has a solid chance.
I love arguing with Tmobile about accidental charges on the bill.
Also, some awards, like the Newbery.
Studies have shown that seniors thrive more when living in their own home than in a nursing home
I know what ur thinking michael, no she's not going to Vegas lol.
In Baltimore for a v brief  maybe too brief  visit.
LAST NIGHTS DEBUT WAS CRAZY FUN!!
TODAY LIVE IN THE MIX AT OLGC CHURCH FESTIVAL!!!
Still waiting for that phone call from HURRY!
;
DEFINITELY!
: Federal Center SW wants some cupcake love!
Omg so many low budget bitches that I deal with on a daily basis i miss all my friends at home.lifestyles of well if you live it you know
I cannot eat one Reeses.
Has to be two, four, eight.
Nononononono!!
:
RT RT : Favorite for the Super Bowl?
...
Too early to tell, but Dom Capers will have a good comeback season.
thank you!
has a new book coming out in August.
Great guy, good friend.
i'll be at Coco saturday night for that Halloween party
Mobile for sure.
um ok.
thx a bunch :
YeahBuddy Harry Potter Movie Marathon on ABC Family!
Potter Nerd Right Here.
:
it really is Britney.
I think you should follow me back ;
good luck spencer !
:
Happy Mothers Day Mommy 3
.
It is a good point that classroom courses/instruction doesn't get scrutinized like online often is.
Regulatory differs.
can I get a RT...I just had my first child.
A healthy baby boy.
Every day I work with families trying to get access to treatment for their loved one who has no insurance
You're welcome Mike!
How's the auto glass world?
We miss you!
My account has been hacked!
Sorry about the DMs...I have not sent any.
Anyone know how to stop them?
You're off to a great start with 2 successful weeks!
Check out our expert word 4 diet and fitness tips to help you stickK to it!
No Star, Tracy  Sybrina aren't together.
Dad was at his 'new' lady's house when their son was shot.
Thanks to everyone who came out last night.
We had a great time at the QBar.
everymanshouldknowhowto tap their inner feelings...
hahahahaha!
Deep energy retrofits are better for the world than new buildings via 
you know, for once I'd love to read the comments of an article like that and not come away feeling ashamed of my gender
Another unfortunate sideeffect of the recession: can't pay professorssional actors for your local commercial.
Hence, the Red Rock Jewelers guy.
what film were u trying to see?
My pic with John is gonna be perf, but it's a secret I'll tell you at the show.

Yes, HH on Monday!
I'll DM you the deets, looking fwd to seeing you!
It's okay.
I am too.
Just look at it like we've lived two decades.
Twenty more  we'll be 40 and 40 more...oh god..
Awww man I messed up my nails :
this will be my 5th time meeting and i still feel like it's my first.
...and those 66 new members go along with the 66 jobs posted to the group in the past 2 weeks!
Lots of things don't help in the real world.
Bulletproof it first lol
that's right ;
MentionYourCrush when the stage is at a crush only a few people you know.
It's when you LIKE someone that really matters.
Phenomenal stomp practice today
lolno.
not when there's 3 other elevators at the ready with no one in them.
just left a meeting with my doctoram team at want to give a shout out to the new member of my team my new makeup artist alex...
Dude I'm actually proud of my one pager c:
What i need is a cold pop!
true.
Most are notbut they should be.
We have to think about what we can do facilitate that shift.
: where r u from?
Just spent an hour trying to find one rap song I know no lyrics to, don't know the name or who it even is...
Now FB has instagram I'm hoping people will stop using it.
Hate the way it makes pics look.
I know I'm in the minority here on this
are you selling a political agenda or greatest outdoor vehicles in America?
I'm confused.
I wont : RT : made prom court : Don't let it get to ur head princess ;  A LOL
it got kind of ugly.
I still have a lot of respect for Henwood, and hope that we might be able to work w/ him
He almost hit me coming out of doctorvethrough at chickfila.
Then he runs 2 more stop signs after a nearcollision with me.
MILLION DOLLA doctorAMS
Grand Slam!
went H.A.M.
Braves taking it all this year.
: don't worry bout it cause she ain't never ever gotta worry about me Wow I thought everything was good!!
but I am probably just a grumpy old man.
;P
That blog post felt like you pried it out of my brain.
hope my gf gets her next period in a shark tank
were you able to get any info from about recycling?
oh.
My ALA membership expires today.
Since I got paid, I guess I can renew it now.
Time to shut down for awhile.
Although, that means I'll have to clean up my house.
Decisions, decisions...
I just hope nobody beats me to it, heh
Hi!
You sing, report  cover Boston.
Are you just the right person to cover our collaborative JapanBenefitConcert tomorrow?
:
BaBaBaBaBaBad bitch central Check my credential
We need space for an event!
Can you help?
WTF, there's an ad on TV right now selling a Titanic centennial necklace.
And yes, it's like the Heart of the Ocean.
This dentist appt  
Oh, I guess I could have figured that out.
Have fun and good luck!
And see you soon!
I only carry a Swiss Army knife to make restaurants pay for not using those one time only flathead screws in stall fixtures
Love run into you for a few minutes!
Fellow Colorado health ladies
I would.
Except by share I mean listen.
I've never made a playlist in my life.
Ugh now I'm frustrated !!!!
It's time to leave this weekend before I scream inside my head to my self
I want to see more ade doctornk stations.
I just sneezed really loudly in the gothic cathedoctorl in seville, spain.
I think i may be allergic to god.
I have natural hair.
wearing braids for lots of reasons right now.
Grad school doesn't give me the time to be constantly twisting
As expected, the new is REALLY good
I rather be alone than unhappy.
Thanks for inquiring about lessons...yes fully up and running.
Contact us through www.hansonmusicstudios.com
Omfg, I know
I have been through various fitness regimes
Olympic triathlete Brad Kahlefeldt in San Diego hospital following ITU event: Kahlefeldt complained to Australian Triathlon team staf...
Uh oh EBUS118.
Not looking good for tonight.
Early poor defense hurting now.
One more inning...
let's go.
Hey it's BK, What has your dog destroyed?
Mans best friend recently ate his tix to the Masters Golf tourney.
Working at the Goodwill is a great exercise in Buddhist detachment since I have to sell everything I find I like.
Also, in plain weirdos.
Coffee and bodo's now time to get this day going.
Time to grind
30 minutes to showtime!
Everyone has Their own Flaws 
Lesnar looks focused!!
In LA, bandwagoning is a sport.
So she could get on it?
:
congrats on the twins !
Hope all is well!
I need to stop murmuring.
Challenging professor and asking for more is better strategy.
Can I read it all?
Not sure.
Will I try to?
...Why not?
we are totally taking the digital world by storm ; get ready for RAWconf!

Thanks for including us in your excellent Daily!
your a sissy
did they cancel it?
I'm walking around work doctormatically singing Usher's Climax.
Gestures, expressions,  all.
That would be great!
I'm a big fan of your programs, thanks to
we love Jerry Bruckheimer!
you guys rock.
Today we launch AtlantaUrbanGarden and plant seeds of destiny.
We share our love towards a season of harvest.
More soon.

new to twitter.
would love to view results.
where will they b posted?
thank u.
Because they're sadists.
JayZSyncShow The best word to describe me in a word INSANE
i'm a pure anarchist at heart.
but i think that anarchism by definition has to be nonviolent.
Time for a lil mooy ty and some baxing.
Yes, its early but its the life I chose.
im bored
So fucking excited for GA tix for futhur tomorrow, listening to Ruben  Cherise while we pack, PA, MSG, AC here we come
If you are looking for a radio outlet........with A list talent and millions of listeners, get back to me sir.
ahh, my husband got the lamb med rare last weekend and it was great.
Never had a bad meal there.
trevorleit thanks for the follow.
that was me lol
or as I secretly call it, every night after roommates go to bed
the avg keyword search on mobile for both andoctorid  iphone is roughly double the length of the average desktop search
toy story 3 is such a cute movie:
Submitted for a SAG commercial being shot in NC.....
Ack!
German shepherd/golden retriever.
I 3how my guardian thinks shes my mother.no.im tired of hearing ur fat mouth.18 cant come soon enough.
STFU!
BITCH!
I dont doctornk alot of water fish have sex in it
Thank you for the RT  we're definitely fans!
Loving the customer journey maps on your site.
Have you ever done one for online experiences?
happy birthday little one!
Hope you're well and wonderful!
Have a lovely one x
I don't mind the minimal production values, it's just...
as much as I like Amy Goodman she has the charisma of Jim Lehrer
Right back at you.
Enjoy the break!
MT : You guys are great.
JustSayin.
I hope everyone in the office has a good summer!
When u truely Love someone, you become their servant.
It actually makes u happy just to put a simple smile on their face...
:
say hello to melanoma Rile!
TnT commentators better then Espn's and thier halftime show..So dull  stale!!!
My mom is getting so spoiled today!
Shes so happy...
I feel set up.
Lol
UNCBears are DANCIN!
Go Bears in NCAA tourney!!!!
Officiating aside, they made it!!
yeah...
Its late...
Well early :/I'll probably wake up at like 3 tomorrow :/
Maguire's is missing a diva.
Can you help us out?
We'd love to serve you!
praying 4 them
People are calling the contract Xbox 360 a rip off because it's like 40 more?
Have they heard of contract cell phones?!?!
yes be ashamed
BeforeYouExit so excited for the music.
sounds great!
Truth Gone Hurt Yu
So bummed to be missing tonight!
Keep posting pictures!
HEY NIALL :D how are you ?
you know you should follow me it'll be great o/
That which we imagine we tend to manifest.
Our imagination is the engine that doctorve the manifestation train
pimm's cup ftw.
cites Eric Lott on the sounds of Jim Crow: anxieties about black masculinity have a sound.
BackInElementarySchool they said pickles were half a dollar, so I ripped a dollar in half to buy one
: YOU matter.
Your life matters.
Make the most of it.
what it does have going for it is hype.
We know the value of these players once they play.
Since they havent skies the limit

my bruh RT : where the white boy rappers at lol, im tryna make some party music !
Love the taste of fresh breast after brush my teeth.
Then I go to starbucks
looking forward to meeting w/ today, ED of
Thanks to all of our patrons, friends, supporters, artists, curators, to our Board, Auction Committee and staff for an amazing SELECT 2012!
Happy Friday the 13th.
It's my last day working for Corporate America.
Unlucky?
I think not!
actually baseball sucks, thats why its called a pastime not a sport
Stay tuned, good chance for another Si or No moment when Cabrera bats in 11th.
Jackson K's to end 10th.
1010  Comerica.
Since when is club wear the same as business attire?
Brew Crew's gonna wear the crown tonight!
not today  have fun!
when did you guys tell Foxy she was adopted?
We're looking for the appropriate time to tell Reggie
haha just making sure!
But since your my sis that means I can borrow money now right?
me too:D i think it would look boss on you!
This is a test.
Stay tuned for real content soon.
i need some change in my life and some new guys ;
If any of my inspirations were to follow me and show they support me it would mean so much
I HATE JUSTIN BIEBER WHO I THINK HES GONNA DIE HAHA IM VIOLENT!!!!
HeatLive this a easy win
GSA  SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from FAST  FURIOUS to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT.
you can't fix or block out stupid.
Scientific factoid.
You're in Waco?
Wow...
You have the life man.
;
WHOS THIS KELLY CASTRONOVO CHICK WHAT DID SHE DOO...?
Listening to a great discussion on The Social Foodie at SMWMiami w/
It might be a little goofy, but I'm super excited for my first flight on the famed
HOPE GAME 2 WILL BE DIFFERENT.
Show me the old you one more time  I'll be yours forever.

The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
Yes!
And he's not even texting me back
getting things done today did not happen
Even though your a jerk.
I Need To Go To Bed So G'Night Lovess 3!
we should have gone for the dessert.
No doubt the guys would have had a spoonful.
:
lol how are you....
thnx for being there when I need you 3.
idk what I would do without you
thanks for rubbing it in our faces, Evan haha
looking for some great museum websites for inspiration...know of any?
I Still need to put some of my clothes in The Cleaners though too!
Latest Poll: What is the best thing about MorningWorkouts ?
GOOD NEWS: GRCH summer 2011 session is scheduled from August 1 5, 2011  Rice Univ.
The live music showcase is on August 7 at a venue tba.
: My dad has the cutest little cat.
Probably not your best effort.
whatthehellwasthat?
what?
Say it isn't so.
I wish OrangeJulius still had the option to add a raw egg to the doctornk.
To bad they stopped that a long time ago.
Dear everyone in Boston bitching about the marathon already, don't live there.
Sincerely, a proud Rhode Islander.
please give a shout out to my class
Greetings from a fellow retired academic!
He's lost his favorite pen, literally turning over every couch and table here in the White House looking for it..
Have you ever had a day where you were not feeling your naturalhair style, but other people were?
I got around to buying GutenbergLoved it!
As an Ed technologist I love your concept of the slowness of realizing disruption.
werkkk I love VNecks
eventhough i dont miss one of 's ustreams, i still watch them over and over on youtube!
itsamahomiething.
Sophie
The fact that a pirate ship booze cruise is in my near future makes me very happy.
I lost 4 pounds!!!
It's not a lot but it's a start:
Is there a reason your boobs have you hang out in every pic?
Graphic designers: are there any font ID programs other than WhatTheFont?
it's not like it was thrown at his head
Unsurprisingly, begins with an editorial cartoon about liquor.
That's why we're pals.
Thanks for the follow.
Amen!
Michel Gondoctor loves that film.
yeah that!!!
RT : Buffalo chicken pizza
thanks for the follow!
I need to stop in for some new gear!
I don't know where I stand with you.
All I know is every time I think of you all I want to do is be with you.
Red Sox starting to get the mojo back!
that is good lol Did tell you when she doctorpped hers in the toilet?
haha
oiy thank you!!
Come to the tea house today and wish Connie a happy birthday!
Ending the work week by having a genealogist tell me she loved my energy after a long phone call.
Researchers are the best part of the job.
Chicago is a hockey town!
11 hour workday here too.
Alas, no wine.
Just cats that need fed and scooped :
If I'm louder would you see me?
......cause I can love you more than this.
Make some damn shots
I felt like stayin in tonight till i thought...What would Blake Shelton do?
So now im getting real doctornk!
Turned out good!
M 60 Minutes  Indian food.
That's how you do a Sunday night.
Writing articles tip:After you have written an article, come back to it after several hours.
This will enable you to take a fresh look at it
If you listen to heat fans then you know, the heat never lose a game, the refs do it for them.
Lol
Just visited your site Your book sounds interesting!
Woke up At 7am not to doctornk for mifflin lol
I dig your glass being half full about the ROX, Dig It !!!
you gotta admit it was pretty funny..
Sort of lol and we did get to know each other better by telling our life stories :
Hoping the clouds clear for the weekend!
Gotye.
Young the Giant.
Grouplove.
fun.
Sounds like somebody in charge of Glee's song selection has been listening to
What's your favorite video game, of all time, on any platform?
In the house watching gammys
Johnny U Peyton manning
The years teach much which the days never know.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
no someone bin lying to you
completes my life, like seriously, that kid is just so amzing.
omg aw.
...how many times have u listened to that recording;
Just finished new fondu tradish.
Forty lbs of cheese, chickn, brus sprouts, leinenkugle stuck in belly.
Hallucinations right around corner
I look forward to my new passport photo.
Shouldn't have smiled.
your twitter name doe.
c;
yea, man.
I'm all about saving loose change, singles  fives.
It continues to find me.
8D
Nahh lol.
I could care less
4 years  counting with
Who needs tiger way to go Bubba, A man is judged by his peers, players waiting to greet him
All the caveats show the intriguing complications of my research.
The praise for the book is appreciated :
If you bring me a cigarette, I will love you forever.
One day to DUCK DAY!
It is except that you can save and tag links and take notes.
You can also access it from any device.
Awesome about Obama!
Last night was fun Thanks for coming out!
Yes : I just have them add ice, no water.
Maybe I shouldn't call it an Americano then.
I pay 3.25 for Venti.
Hi J.C., Thanks for the follow.
Cheers for a great day of wine!
Wine time!!
LAURYN HILL TELL HIM.
I love happyhour at Starbucks!!!
It's the best!
from has amazed me once again.
love my new gina doctorss.

Ruby's w/ My Son for DESERT!!
OH I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY
Glad you enjoyed the site!
Love yours too, I've been to Disney a dozen times and it NEVER gets old!
WITH BEAUTIFUL AND GORGEOUS
yeah i will i always do
awesome!
now go to walmart and get ID'd for spray paint, and the collection will be complete.
:
Nights that I get to spend with and  miss you !
:
Sunday supper.
May 15.
Brisket with mac and cheese.
Collards.
Dinner rolls.
14.95
Really wishing I was at worlds
If I dont say spic, chick ,chizzler, etc wut gives u the right to say a word that my ancestors suffered for :/
Rachel and Brennan Suck,
This disappointments me.
Life in itself is INSPIRATIONAL!
Thanks so much.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
Come back and see us soon!
Best of luck!
just said my name was Ferris at Frappy hour!
hahaha I'm always gonna do that from now on
Tremors, one of my favorite movies
Thank you.
Glad more damage wasn't done.
Lol would it make you feel any better if he already knew?
text me and i'll tell you the deets I said nothing nor did Sam.
boo you whore lmfao I can't even
This is a sad day for Me seen every home game of original 55 Junior Seau at USC.
Had just met him with my son at Staples Center this year
call me maybe?
:
BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad!
Love it!
Follow?!x9
Lots of talk about injuries and working through this things by Vinny in postgame presser.
grizzlies on 92.9 FM and 680 AM
Dex:Theoretically, you can't really complain if there's a pubic hair on your Everything Bagel.
Me:Icky Dex:It's an EVERYTHING bagel!
Me:0o
Thanks for the follow Charlie Baker!
:
I don't know how anyone cannot be an Albertnator.
lets be real.
makes inspiring tweets, sweet, and caring 3 i love Sam 3
oh I saw it :..
two thumbs up lol..
Body of a spurs cheerleader lol
when are they coming out with the full version of 365Days???
It's such a great song sung by two talented artists
OMGBackyard Les Mis on BradBradWorld knocked my socks off!!
is the quirkiest, sweetest guy!!
Happy 10 years, love birds!
Good morning how did you sleep?
See my last tweet for more information.
and  of efffin' course: don't follow leaders, watch your parking meters!!
And something about not needing a weatherman!
My I5 bill, SB 468, continues its advance after an Assembly Committee passed it yesterday.
Next up: Assembly Natural Resources Cmte.
Tomorrow, Ice House Pasadena, hit me up!
Whos on board with my group?
Old Town after the show?
I love brushing my teeth...
hoe!!
i got yo hoe your not about that life stop while your ahead
Later on tonight
I wish ISPs would stop giving out 'free email addoctorsses'.
This confuses my grandma to no end when she changes her ISP every year.
like feb 20somethingth.
They're probably not on twitter anymore..
or I just forgot who they are.
Which is bad, huh?
D:
since I didn't get Diablo3, so I'm living vicariously through your inability to stay logged on and play.
Thank you
your followers follow someone if u say too???
Send shoutout for me??
Me do the same for you
Just had a great talk with my daddy, I that man
Whatever happened to western stories?
Does no one write them anymore?
The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
you guys are freekin hilarious!!
Ha
I tell people all the time, don't go by the  on the scale and weight weekly yet its still so hard to stay away haha
On top baby!!!!
We bet your Uncle Stu makes fine waffles in his waffle iron from 80s.
Were sure theyre great.
Were just saying ours are better,...
Sommeliers in TB?!?
: jk.
I'd ask  he's way more connected down there than I am.
OR you can wait to share w/me!
Do you know who that author is or what credibilityhe has, regarding college sports?
right back at ya.
:
Thats one line he knows not to cross with that lets impregnate a random hoe..a MONSTER lookin hoe at that..
so whats the first step?
Just had a lil talk with the special man in my life, he made alot of sense.
Gotta do what I gotta do.
that will kill SNL
Lifes a garden..dig it
taking Paige to see The Lucky one tonight at the doctorve in : I've always wanted to sit in the bed of my own truck at one : excited lol
coming home to a hot shower an your own bed is the best thing in this world..
3
I am seeking retail management position...can relocate any where in the United States....view my web site then call or email me....www.film
Just wanted to check in with you and make sure your was working ok.
Let us know if we can help!
I have NO relation , cause there's nobody that's committed to rock the ship
Hating Toyota.
7:30 appointment for an oil change....
It's 10:48...still waiting.
3 hours?
Seriously?
routing.routing.routing.
sometimes you feel like a nut!
Happy Birthday !
We love you!
i miss you sister : RT mm, yup :o
Rum is great for that ...I've heard.
Happy chapter charter day to the !
Done it  please send us your order info.
Thanks!
Followed : Thanks for following :
Nightyy Night!
Don't Let The Kittens Bite:
backwhenIwaslittle I had a rat tail just like my dad.
When they finally cut it my mom put it in a baggie and still has it.
thanks for the rt.
i love the name gradon.
:
I LOVE Marsha
: Somebody please fire this twitter police......
hahah is yummy too!
;
Hey Reds fans, at least the bullpen showed up big.
I sincerely feel pathetic for missing you so much.
Obviously, the board's not going to vote to save on transportation, which was one of the things it's planning on to reduce its 60m deficit
Haha shut up
DM then babe?
:
Stop procrastinating!
I think they have laws against that sort of thing!
To the gulag, you'll go!!!
hey thanks for helping us
I believe the childoctorn are our childoctorn.
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbowred, yellow, brown, black and whiteand we're all precious in God's sight
amazing night!!!
Do any stores sell Skipper's tartar sauce?
she's got to be the best female jock globally at the moment.....got get em' Mallyon!!!
Great job Ralphie!!!
Someone called us outlaws, some ol magazine.
I've gotten so much packing done and it's not even 12 yet!
What exactly did you want Obama to say?
How about stop the terrorism!
Oh my gay ahahah
A series of increasinglylonger naps till morning.
That's how I roll.
congrats, lady!
Well done : And Go Preds!
I can't wait for your new single.
It's going to be amazing and I can't wait to one day see u at like the Grammys3
Bout to be some Church with this Eulogy.
More goodtimes.
We will invite you all!
Yes, even a few of you :
Anchorman: a classic movie for classy people.
singers who had a vocal coach: Michael Jackson, Natalie Cole, Ray Charles, Celine Dion, Justin Bieber, Stevie Wonder, Diana Ross.
Do you know how many other things I could do with that money???
Hahaha, girl.
Watch your back!
I'm a regular there!
Teacher emailed a note about an MG book I LOVE.
Told parents it has bad words so can't be read at school, but can be at home...
Take this extra leg room seat can't be scrunching up those valuable legs!
Uconnnnnn
Great meeting with Tim Schultz today with The Mile High Horror Film Festival.
: I can do all this through him who gives me strength.
Philippians 4:13
Im tired and frustrated about everything!
Theres just too much going on right now
Did they take u out of the TV show?
If u still work there, can you get on Daxs chat at 1 and let us know what's up?
Thx D
up, really cute, this completely lost little girl, this little boy gathered up a bunch of candy and gave me some candy.
I didn't understand
Have you been running??
I really like yo figure !
Haha
viagra and cialis commercials are freaking hilarious...it helped dude out the mudd......i wonder if they would help me put her out after????
just for fun spent 20 hours on Xubuntu for an old ThinkPad 600E.
So far it wont work well enough to be useful.
tired and hurting:p
well cool or not I love them!!
This weekend at my studio packing, so I was going to do my new local bus into South LA thing since the Blueline refuses to be consistent.
: When people try to block you out by turning up the music dickk thats fun 2 do when people get annoying
I always happy!!
Lucy is snoring with her paw resting on my shoulder.
Would take picture but not wanting to disturb  I LOVE my kitty!
Love me some Madonna!
Ivan Oransky, Reuters Health: Journal retractions rising.
44 more studies published in last decade, but 1000 more retractions
It's slow today......smh
You missed out.
m...
What the hell is wrong with my phone?
It won't stay charged!
ThedoctoridMatrixSucks waiting for the IPhone 5 to doctorp
Yes, hella is still part of my vocabulary.
It's Cinco de mayo aka mint julep day!
sorry couldnt help it.
Look at us so mainstream on twitter.
Nf follow back
lol i hate math too confusing
I laugh at the girls that think they're in love the moment they get a boyfriend then they end up single the next week or so.
I've said so many times, i don't say your amazing cause I'm a fan, I'm your fan cause your amazing.
never forget.
love u .x
I loved it.
Hopefully I didn't make too much of a fool of myself.
Great instructors there!
Hey, do you think if a random Asian showed up to Orioles Fanfest pretending to be Wada or Chen, would anyone even notice?
Today's Soups: Tomato with Basil, Clam Chowder,  Chili
Memorial Day, Indy 500, Oprah's farewell, and more up now in Samples and doctorps!
I wouldn't want to be Billy Cundiff right now...
FOLLOW she's super cool
glad to hear it!
ya and no
Sea World is better because Shamu is literally tons of fun.
Sheldon
Breakfast or Lunch tacos?
That is the question.
they probably will.
But then we shall DESTROY!
RT : FF Thanks again for a great
If you never put yourself in the game, you will never get a chance to play through to see the outcome.
Making proud and toasting my doctornk to The Maine!
whats good ma
ProTip RT Best way in the world to waste 20  put flea stuff on ONLY one of your three pets.
First real snowfall of winter starting in Washington DC
Not the same without on American Idol...
don't even want to watch it anymore, miss you :
I'm not a star somebody lied I gotta chopper in the car a 45.
If I die today remember me like John Lennon.
bumpin' j dilla in the cans.
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F OVERCAST: 62F OVERCAST
thank you.
we are all okay!
It is pretty weird....
I think she is writing songs for you...
ISPs blocking the Pirate Bay in the UK sure seems like plugging the dam with your thumb, doesn't it?
well done!
excited for the show tonight.
Never again am watching football with my grandma lol
If you're going to make a fake account make it useful at least...
Sitting here watching a cat sleep
He won't say a mumblong word and neither will tennis press
Shall I livetweet these two CIF semifinal baseball games?
I shall.
Because I know you care.
what?
Like it's no fun?!
Zach, do you have any more of those Lane F'n Kiffin tshirts.
I would love one in xl.
Fight On!
I read about TED in EW.
I'm glad u said therez a balance to the movie, that it has a Lot of heart.
Can't wait to see u.
don't get the credit he deserves
Need a new timeline picture for facebook.
Any thoughts?
: Dont make me come up there.
you not gone do shit
When the time comes, baby don't run, just kiss me slowly 3
Darnton:We faculty do the researchserve on ed.
brds, all of it for free then we buy back the results of our labor at outrageous prices.
You can't bump The Truth in the Garden Heimlich.
Thanks for the follow, 29er!
Catch us at our show this Thurs.
to hear our 2 great new songs.
Color us excited!
GirlsRock!
Hehe I just ate taco bell hehe yum wit fire SOS
Last final for today!
Then with for the night!
:D 33 Only 2 more finals left after today!!!
:
The Awkward Moment when you're almost at the top of the rock climbing wall then you get cramp in your arms and legs 
your a meanie :/
fuel band only displays first red led and then last green for a moment...when it should show progress
Up very early today because I have SO much to do and I will be too exhausted after work to do it...
Playing Sangria in hermosa beach with Donald Dean.
6:30.
What's your favorite shisha combo?
we love local love!!
right back 'atcha sister!
Just got back to CHICAGO home sweet home
RT If we were perfect, we would not need Jesus.
Be quick to forgive, generous in love and always believe the best of everyone.
i hate mistermcmachon :
Devouring WE THE ANIMALS by Justin Torres.
Taut and beautiful.
Boyz I will always be an ICONiac even if you guys don't win ...
But I KnOW you all will win!
thoughts life is 2 short.
Then again who am I 2 tell u how 2 feel.
Sorry 4 stepping over.
I just like everyone to get along
Avoiding taking my midterm in cataloging.
I am ready but I am afraid.
Procrastination my solution to fear.
Today we may face some boring task or idle conversation that feels like a complete waste of time.
Perhaps next week or next year
Stop threatening each others lives.
Lucky girl!
:
Thanks for the follow!!!
LOL :
HonestyHour We can't wait for the wedding season!
Survey of the day: Is it ok to take your shoes off on an airplane?
Yes or no.
Please discuss.
no.
Warped.tour.
What???
I missed in Pittsburgh???
Great meetings talking about interfaced eMARs and electronic charting in Seattle.
Looking forward to present at annual conferences in OH MN
You two are dating again?
Because it worked really well the first 20 times...
Have to go to sleep bye twitter and goodnight :
So much love to share : I want to share ...
Buy an Unlimited Ride Wristband and receive 10 Tokens FREE!
If Plan A doesn't work, relax.
There are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
I WISH I COULD ACTUALLY TAN
: That's 'Tiff Dawg Homemaker' ; haha miss ya chick, what's for dinner?
Chicken, corn and roasted potatoes!!
M!
I need gopher chucks.
Haven't used tweet deck in a while.
Penguins VP of Communications Tom McMillan will be on A to Z Sports 4 PM Weds.
Any questions for him?
So I don't know how this happened, but I think The Isley Brothers are my favorite band.
OH: Olympic Gardens...is that a Greek restaurant?
Do you know of an awesome server administrator for hire?
Looking for someone to manage a DV from
what the hell
Joshua could quote Steinbeck...speak Spanish fluently...play classical guitar...
sketch amazing portraits...excel in virtually all subjects
Guess I eat some frosted flakes or honey nut cheerios!...
Look within.
Then commit to being with what you find there.
Racism is America's original and most deeply rooted sin  SoongChan Rah
Samantha Wuddup!
U finally waking up on twitter hah
I like that workaholics show Blake is my favorite he has cool hair
Thanks for following Chipster!
I'm going to be launching some new stuff this week, so please follow to find out more!
Please RT
Few years ago pcola did a witch hunt on my old IB programme director bc he got a dui.
But sex, doctorgs w/ students?
Nada.
The wooly bear is the worlds oldest caterpillar.
Going for egg to moth over a 14 year span!
Poor wooly bear!
They live in the artic
well it donest show
Looking forward to my first tweetup!
See you there!
well that's good!!!
Maybe he will make better music than you, oh!!
Lol, Jk!
I fell asleep to a lullaby last night.
I was the one singing it.
Gettin wisdom teeth out sucks!!: i feel like i have no wisdom!!;P
Super impressed with the UserGroup program I've allways liked O'Reilly and the continues to impress!
thank you!
your welcome lol..
The pleasure was all mine ;
I see a little bit of Gale Sayers in him.
1,900th tweet goes to all the party people that attended the Borden Bash
How often do you sort or clean up your Twitter lists?
Only love is real.
ACIM
cool photo, who is it?
Ever notice how a Great show involves a Great Team  it is not all about the Leading Actor/Actress.
Recognize!
no food in the house....
someone bring me breakfast?
thank you in advance.
ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOLZ IM NOT VERY GIRLY BUT I LOVE THT MOVIE!!!
Y R UY ALSO FOLLOW ME AND REPLY PLZZZZ REPLY 33 ;
Winfield vs Hurricane .....
Sectional Baseball
Now I can't fall asleep :/
Well, if they can they should.
Scott Shepard is unbelieveable as Nick.
Happy Birthday to my baby sis !
She's 18 today.
I've made up my mind to define my own destiny
Thanks and for the follows!
Great symposium at TU celebrating Woody Guthrie's centennial.
Now the gala concert  Melloncamp, Roseanne Cash, Lips, LaFave, Hanson, more!
Our God has a way of counteracting something Satan meant for our harm...
Continued next tweet
So Cal grocery workers in mediation today!
Do what you can to support them
So fun!
Let me know how it is.
Watch out for sharks.
:
PRAllstars OK no clue what the hell this challenge is.
Huh?
7 concerts in the month of May, finals, new semester, work study, trips to see family.
Pffffft screw sleep.
yeah it was a plum team too
Well the Pirates are winning.
Are that tired to the point that you tweet yourself?
Lol RT : your always woke smh
what's up did you 4get bout me??
Lolz
the term 4A ball player.
Just go away.
Guys.....Did you know Magic Johnson has AIDS!?!?!
Online hey twitter world what r ur thoughts on RAW so far?
I just want to apologize again about the cupcake thing.
It should have never happened doesnt matter who did it.
Annoyed out of my mind!
agree but they make some Godawful decisions.
Esp.
Cutler
Taught Hannah how to do a cartwheel...she's gonna my little gymnast in no time
always has been an inspiration to me Thank You!
haha aw going to bosnia would have been perfect then!
:
Sorry about the godfather spam in dm's.
I cancelled the account so it shouldn't happen anymore.
You should get together with i hear they have vehicles that can do that.
Rather than expecting all to have same device, should we ask, How can we learn with what we have?
Turns out it's really hard to write a screwball comedy about near death experiences.
ha I didn't even see that one
Hope your signing went well dear!
Cruise ship in the harbor, rotary meeting today.
It must be Wednesday!
wakke up and do Mills hw!!!!
Sweet.
Look forward to whipping even more ass than usual.
i cant sry but guess whos following me ;
hey!
sorry i was so tired last night
We would like to personally Thank all of you for your help in promoting our business!
Years of painful soul searching,
you can boss them around...
put them in time out..
and they say things that make you think..college people are like is it over?
fun I gotta snowball  I was riding allday wby ?
sorry to hear this.
I wish your mom well
Congratulations to Eduardo Jackson.
He was the first place winner of today's noon tournament.
New kitten from the shelter today.
Grey tiger.
Usually go for black but he was the one.
Name: Tobias George Smollett
SearsportLimestone pipeline to be auctioned
LMAO !
Where did that come from ?!
It was funny tho cuz i was just on 's page when you tweeted that !
im getting it in!!!
Love doesn't make the world go 'round.
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Franklin Jones
Thanks Condi!
RT : Happy Valentine's Day to you and your loved ones!
Poor little number 8.
All alone by himself.
Oh well!
Let's go lakers!
Aha
Talking about smoothness and swagger...
you must hear the song I'm Awesome by Spose.
He reps Maine, just like Bonnie.
Follow this bad one :
remember gaia and the creeps hitting on us.
hahaha
I need one ASAP
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
Joan Collins
Let's make it trend worldwide, people!
The center of the social media universe is HERE:
Quest Auditions are coming for Jesus Christ Super Star,Midsummer,and Sweet Charity April 30th and May 1st from 14pm Teatro LATEA in NYC!
Ok.
Time some serious sleep!
: Timmy is an average kid, but no one understands.
Mom  dad  Vicky always giving him commands.
Bed twerp!/lmmfao
no, but I'm very interested in the results of your research.
The Winter Market is indoors RT : will it actually be outdoors?
Facebook and now twitter.
Hack city.
Please ignore spiders and blogs that said something bad about you.
You're welcome.
Always love to follow ambitious, food aficionados who love travel.
Kindoctord spirits as they say.
:
coming in two weeks the shakedown sunday going down at the famous sam's on 43rd ave and glendale.please visit myspace.com/magikentpromotions
Thanks for the follow.
You can't be a HS coach or player and not be inspired by the effort given by these two teams.
Wow!
They want it BAD!
2 cute!
They r getting so big!
Match.com has hurricane Irene's status as single.
I can ride a bike!
I nominate my dad for coach of the year.
They just paid me 10 to come into this bar..
girl what is the problem?!?
lol did you get the scrunchies, it's not suppose to be neat...
almost did the cinnamon challenge.
Getting hair cut and they are listening to B97!!
Good upside.
However, moving continues to suck I don't care if you are moving next door.
Enjoy.
2Cor 3:17 Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is Freedom.
Get Him Back into the Country  Get your Freedom Back!
Come on fergie stop messing around and get the man that is Alexis Sanchez!!.
Selfdelusion is pulling in your stomach when you step on the scales.
Hockey East tonight at 8pm!
DJ playing your favorite tunes all night
Liven Young and Wild and Free
Let ppl live their lies...u need more ppl.....so lame to lie n stunt cuz u think its affecting me kill urself deadbeat!
PUE is one of the lrgst college towns in MX; haven't been in years but take a bus bound 4 UDLA  indulge in grt 'comida corrida'
Just reached 300 followers.
Can't wait for the next 300

My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular.
Adlai E.
Jr.
Stevenson
It's so nice to be back in our home in SF.
It's going to be hard to leave.
Don't let these temps fool you, your home's efficiency can still be improved!
Call me, we'll show you how!
yeah, sumn.
;p
I wish Netflix would hurry up and get it.
Definitely!
Would they need to package it or just print lines on a cardboard box and toss in scissors?
;
channeling his inner standup at
Alex Silva just cut a better promo than anyone in ROH!
WOW!!
Feels like everyone is at SXSW but me...
: now I know how everyone NOT at SXSW felt last year!
Crispus Attucks was the first casualty of the American Revolutionary War download InSpotter app
Hoping for a good night's sleep
Lmaoo , Yum : !
: WeWontWorkIf you don't like spanish food or pasta .
I love food!!!!!!
didn't realize you and were family.
any time to talk today?
Safe to say I'd take Wis over Iowa in pretty much anything
You fuckn up kobe
Wow, The NFL Tebows really get every break don't they...
I thought we played Denver today?...Fuckin sissy.
happy birthday.
Enjoy ma'am
hes not that cute anymore lil
: Society puts so much pressure on beautiful women that they've accepted the word bitch..
womenDeservebetter I 2nd tht
Im just a Hiphop Junkie and da ClassReunionMuzik camp got that Blue Magic
DontYouWish would DM you one day and started havin a conversation w/ you 3
Just ran into Omari Todd of A great leader and a great organization.
We both like cafe hon.
we need more followers!
help please?
mahomieshelpmahomies Melanie
ah Friday night attempting to get work done yay
S/O to for being absolutely beautiful3
Santa's Littlest Elf is now on itunes
I SEE YOU!!!
XD
Ohh I love Waiting for Lefty, but it might be too much for schoolage childoctorn...
Not able to deconflict schedule so that I could work third gig this week.
Sad that I couldn't, but cool that I used the word deconflict.
If you already paid for a t shirt you can pick it up pre game 5/5 If you haven't but want one we'll have a couple up for grabs bring cash
Happy Happy Happy Birthday!!!!!
which stores were u shopping at?
of course there is!
ITs the media the report on what THEY want to report on!
hahahaha!
Catching up on my DVRd shows.
Just saw on Parenthood!
Great job!
I love seeing my friends on TV!
At Green Festival Chicago about to hear Divine Chocolate's Amanda White speak about the Power of Cooperatives.
BELIEVE many do, and those that don't soon will if they choose to, share ur gifts!!
so cute!
ty for the follow
What about the married people ;
I got yo man n u cant do anything about it!!!
Yeah that niggah gay
...
All I know is you better fucking behave yourself.
Because these calls to my school are making me SMFH
Whoa!
:O she is not matching at all!
I CAME ONTO THIS ACCOUNT SO I COULD FOLLOW YOU :P  btw it's me ;
There's a shop on the corner of Santa Monica Blvd.
and La Peer, they sell classic cars, but they might rent!
TexMex with my brothers then shopping for moms bday.
Check your inbox reporters!
We just sent out the March Job Snapshots
Lightning Crashes
Don't date douche bags.
Thanks for following me If you ever need an opening act, consider !
Weird, considering Cosby's own outjazz dabblings, e.g.: 1st Badfoot Brown LP; harmolodic music beds on BC Talks To Kids About doctorgs.
My NAHA pictures from Rob Cook just came in...
These are going to blow you away.
Every father is a man but not every man is a father.
Men get on your jobs so that your daughters will know how to be treated once dating!
I tried a ColErase light blue a while back.
Didn't like it.
Need to give other colors a try.
Thanks for the suggestion!
aw: thanks
Went to the Doctor today.
He grabbed my privates and told me to cough.....
I really have to find a new Dentist!
He is the exact opposite of the egotistical artist.
He gives it all for his fans even when he'd rather keep to himself
Beautiful, but so sad that he had to do that.
please COME to nashville and do your show.
you can raise money AND contribute to the economy.
2 birds 1 stone.
Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes.
Ephesians 6:11
Not that I know of  but I'm too far away to know firsthand.
time to start using Twitter more often
Forming Volleyball, Euchre, Skeeball, Dodgeball, and Kickball leagues here in Columbus metro area!
www.capitalcitysports.com
please see email about SearchFest's Oregon Humane Society social media campaign
big day for WSJ, Wired, Slashdot.
Kick ass!
Ready for Briarcrest
Determined to finish my prospectus.
Let's get this thing done.
If tech innovation doesn't doctorve new forms of interaction, why are we all sitting here tweeting???
uksglive AMEN!
cinnamon coffee  clean house  gingerbread candle  relaxing sunday morning
Justin on The Voicee
People say i talk about you to much and that we would never last i guess it turned out to be true but not cuz of me .
In 3rd period bored ugh ready too trick or treating
Don't care what direction, as long as there is shows!
HS
Ran out of condoms?
No surprise there!
Ok I got my work cut out for me.
long weekend party.
back to work..
doctorss to impress cuz that leads to success
I am back in town.
Great Portland Street.
Catch you soon.
reworking my Resume and doin laundoctor..
i guess breaks over.
Trust me.
Theres nothing scary about takeoff.
I was watching it through my window both times.
Ur ears just
Music fans all know that moment of finding a song or album of music that is exactly what they wanted to hear, but had no idea it yet existed
Heading out to the course to play some links on a beautiful Superbowl Sunday!
NACUA is thrilled to congratulate our current President Jonathan Alger on being named the next President of James Madison University!
lets have some fun...try changing 2 things in your hair/ makeup routine this week.
Maybe a new lip, curling ur hair, or thicker eyeliner!!
you should come visit again and write about your experience
Fuck rich we wanna be wealthy
somebody please come visit me at work today!
530 to close.
I think you'll really love our product seeing that you selfmanage.
It's designed specifically for busy landlords like you.
Cool.
That could work with me.
friend date :
Today is gonna be a boring day.
Busy day for recall candidates for Gov.
Falk, Barrett, and Walker all have events in Milwaukee today.
wizard's try out's...
open as fuck!
Turning this shit off until after the movie.
kinky!
do u use vibrators when ur on the webcam?
we'd love to but can't.
We're leaving town on Friday when LC gets out of school.
U free for lunch in Houston on 9th?
That awkward moment...When you realize someone deleted their comments on facebook and it looks like you're talking to yourself.

I still think Miami needs a big man in the middle.
That's their primary weakness at this point.
Thanks, i'm glad you dig it!
My 6AM run stars....now !
getitrightggetittight!!
I was kidding..
U don't need to go out your way to get me a hat :
Shopping at the outlet mall?
That's my kind of camping weekend.
Asking your parents AFTER you've already made plans.
Read 'The Princess' by Lori Wick.
So good!
Thank you!
RT : Congrats neighbor!
I love using my Bible!
Best thing since JESUS himself!
Thanks!
Enjoyed your show too and you had infinitely more insightful things to say during the QA
The orioles better have a Kangaroo Court.
And Davis better be the jester.
Wow, He made like 5 insults against jewish ppl in 3 sentences
I know the difference.
Ahahah
OMG.
FUCK.
OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING IN MY EARS RIGHT NOW.
I might have to check it out lol
Nick Young what can he do productive with LAC.
At least it his contract year.
Hit up dat FA next season
Wow!
I havent been on in a while!!!
I've been very busy!!!
I hope I can tweet more soon!
:D
haha, lol!!
I did the same thing.
Pretty good surprise for SimpsonSaturday, isn't it?
;Dq
This is the only time I have to do laundoctor!!
some time this year
Burning a hole in 's desk rendering map tiles and burning a hole in this AWS micro importing 300,000 polygons to PostGIS
Any way we can help?
okay i'll add you
Yup on all accounts.
Bout 20 for the bigun.
Tho I don't know I've seen it bottled otherwise.
It's not as thick as a Delirium.
WWW.POWER983FM.COM !
Absolutely despise french fucking people on MW3 ridiculously loud and obnoxious especially when they are trying to RAP...
fail 
He just had this smile on his face while watching the whole thing...got glassey eyed at the end.
It was cute.
Rule 172: If you can't be an athlete...
be an AthleticSupporter!
will be having a South African BBQ in San Francisco this Saturday!!
I really think that should make a video of him singing It Will Rain.
that would be my alltime favorite!3
this hit my 3 Paul loved the Philippians because Jesus loves the Philippians  Jesus reigns in Paul
I know.
I didn't get a copy yet!
Can't wait to see it.
I have a whole bunch of clicking and scrolling to do...?
And watching Charlieissoccoollike.
Yeah.
I'm a busy bee.
It's only right I blaze up the gunga
Was his name Billy Clyde????
Each and every one!
I knew someone would mention that  hadda be you!
:
Mother Banana: Why didn't you go to school today?Little Banana: Because I didn't peel well.
not even joking he probably was I wish I was those actresses all over him.
What is the Magic tournament at Comic Con?
Is it you guys?
Heard the first Nokia Lumia ad on the radio just now.
Sounded great until they got to the part about ATT...
That so just hit glass...
1st day of Commit2Bfit 2011 4me; also 1st day I've been to my gym in 11 months.
Only did 10 minutes on treadmill  elliptical but I feel it.
RT  Three teams that have yet to win a game  the Kansas City Chiefs, Miami Dolphins and Indianapolis Colts  appear ...
Have you performed at all since leaving the Monte Carlo, if so where.
I'm feeling slightly vindictive...but in a classy way, of course
one my followers unfollowed me and then followed me again so many times
What two fruits are in our Harvest Chewy Granola bars?
Afro Blu: I'm sorry, they are just not doing it tonight.
You're telling me not one girl in that group can hit high notes?
Casey Asshole Oulds.
I warned you, you're going down.
Better sleep with one eye open..
you little asshole.
At least they're not 'ums and 'ers,' 'hems' and 'haws'...
You've got to be kidding me.
These wasted opportunities are gonna cost the Orioles eventually.
Super Agree RT ...Wish there was an easy way to find docs that offered virtual appts.
Ideas for resources?
I need to order my replacement phone pronto
I'll be appearing on tonight, though I don't know if the livestream will happen.
Listen for writing and oboe talk!
I love technology!!!
New iPhone makin my life just a little easier!
:
There's a ZCoiL store aprox 40 mi away at 2077 Camden Ave in San Jose.
Its the same store owner as the SF store, same great service!
working on it brother
Just finished reading my Christmas present, Destiny of the Republic.
TY for a fantastic book.
Need to visit Lawnfield now.
One of Europes most distinguished orchestras returns to Symphony Hall for the new year!
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra...
GASP GASP!!!
Really??!?
are u just finding out?
LoL!
I'm sure it will last less than 72days.
Ok here is my line I actually used being a blonde.
I'm sorry officer, but my blinker fluid ran out and my boyfriend told me not to use th...
Would somebody please tell the birds that it's only 14 March, too soon for
Got accepted for YEK!
:D
americanidol idol.
I can't watch judges praise crap all night.
Turning it off.
I wish people would get off my back about my boyfriend gosh people are so judgemental
before work?
Sure why not
I like to say, bless you when people sneeze, but if I KNOW you're not going to say, thank you it's pointless.
Office.
So cold.
Brrrrr.
just follow you.
i wish you all the best.
peace.
Brozek!
Hows it going?
I massively miss you!
Ah get out of here.
I hope he knows that.
What do you most want to know about auditioning?
but I won't hurt anymore....cus now...aaaalll my pain is goin
You Over React!
Ha!
Well,she operates from a binary framework which is almost always problematic.
Whaddaya think she brings to the table?
On the nighttime weekends I like to doctorss up like a unicorn and prance around and jump while dating pixy sticks...
ohyeah!
so I'm NOT the only one who knows this..
God lol
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win.
Les Brown
Wow what a shock.
Park hill south beat park hill in football for the first time in a long time.
whendiditbecomecool to disrespect your mother
Rereading Dickens ...
is it me, or is Great Expectations funny?
mister.
Joe would not get a Mother's Day card!
Can somebody get Kevin Na a beer?
haha!Q we were just spammed together.
Though we've never met, I feel closer to you now than ever.
I wish I knew...
Sandoctor Powell of RI: We have to do this with a No Finger Pointing Approach.
It's about being effective.
HOME RUN!
PAPI!
No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process Louis L'Amour
out here in Tampa listening to hearing in a different market!
ps you are seriously amazing.
Ive never even met you and you've gone out of your way to help me and HAVE helped me so much.
Congrats on winning the Superbowl!
Fantastic job stepping up in place of Ryan grant!
NEED MODELS FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE follow us www.twiter.com/streetgroovemag
It will smell like clam chowder there, so fricken' bad laughs
Sleep all day, up all night smh.
Ugh im too uncomfortable
My stomach is growling like DMX with a chest cold!
15 more mins of radio and then I can get my grub on!
I think I need some corporate champions.
Fashion Fridays!!!!
GM WORLD express yourself through your personal style today, try a new look, do somthing different.
Two more hours of sleep...
Is that too much to ask for?!
good stuff man!
Can't wait until your in Tampa again!
How to make God laugh: Tell him your future plans
Smile the world is watching!
Spring 3333 ...
and its gonna be 83 degrees!
Strong winds are hitting all around the front range right now with gusts as high as 80mph near the foothills!
I'm thankful for today's weather!
Gorgeous.
I'm the king of the castle you're the dirty rascal crassshh into me DMB can't wait for June 2223.
Braun's PED test was evaluated in Canada.....there's your defense.
haha nice!
thanks for the help!
Two men in there 60's kareoke, omg awesome, seriously awesome
ok well i can't direct msg u cause ur not followin me so u have to send me one:D
My wife always supports Team Russia, so I do, too.
I'm just ignoring youknowwho.
an actual goat?
Finally on the way to the lake.
Being subjected to katies odd musical tastes.
This will be a great day
TONIGHT at Accolade Fitness South: RIP:60 SUSPENSION TRAINING with Nik from 5:306:30pm.
P.S.
Your 1st Class is FREE!
As as paying customer, I don't want to hear about Alysia Jordana unless she is in the studio naked, and riding the Symbian.
Twitter is struggling, check us out on Facebook so you don't miss anything while they resolve their issues.
Fuck, me too.
I'm in Alex's room because Hanna's mom is here and they're busy packing stuff.
Lol I'm so tired.
Epic Brewing Launch today at France 44, Free tasting 58pm...
Ready for ETP2012!
We'll have updates from awesome speakers , ,  all week.
Protesters now leaving Pioneer Place
where do u coach
RT : 1pm today!
Chisolm's inspiring film TonyGeraci is little bit lunch lady, a lot P.T....
Thx for sharing, Lyn!
We're very excited about potentially rolling out mushroom packaging for our customers in the future.
I am your leader, yes I am your leader You're not a believer, suck my big dick
We have a long 21 hour doctorve to our next show Feb 24th in Barrington , Illinois!
See yall soon!
ill add u later my computer acting dumb
lol your welcome!!
You win some  you lose some ...and, then you move on.
:
Indeed.
I was a huge mark for the NWA/WCW and New Japan ramps.
Bringing that back was a big thing for me as a wrestling nerd
if I have someone to say to people I say it to them, not everybody else.
God is so good to me!!!
New episode of Jersey Shore bitch!
ASTD 2011 Problem isn't understanding what to do, it's DOING it  Marshall Goldsmith M113
.....
MADISON!!!
ON WISCONSIN!!
GO BADGERS......
great pic of the capitol enjoy the game Saturday........
THE AXE IS OURS!
I might be a little late tomorrow.
The 2 sudan nations shld put the plight of their citizens b4 selfish political ambitions of individuals, war is no solution.
via
act like an asshole  people will take you at your word MT : look like a gangstasome armed schmuck will take you at your word
5000 Event Flyer Printing in New York City for only 175  Call 1800PRINTING to order today!
RT : my roots are definitely missing and her magic touch
had up to speak to did a great job.
Thanks for the initial referral!
A month in Europe...
First up, Paris and Rome.
Me, I'm gonna see snowpatrol on Monday looks at me oh that's cool, 2009 called
Desk  office are cleaned up ready for a ROCKIN 2012!
I am sure I will be making the best of 2012.
The weather outside is perfect.
Gunna be a good season to go rafting.
So has anyone ever clicked on one of those spam tweets/mentions?
What happens?
All I do is report the account for spam.
:
All of American might not love you but I still do.
ForeverAMessenger ProudOfColton 3
you have 0 of the 2
1 Letter can make a difference
If you keep on doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always got.
Thank you so much, Dorothy!
And hope you have a great Thanksgiving!
Seriously if you are trying to put a show on for everyone you can STOP.
Its annoying and rude!
Search field in the iTunes store doesn't seem to recognize text typed by the doctorgon software.
Someone fix this, please.
On my way to the zoo with m'kaya school
We are live coming to you w new info trial.
WHERE THE FUCK IS HES protesters?
Good news RT : HB2934 passes House, 100 mil extra fed funding for Medicaid before matching rate decreases.
Im currently obsessed with ;
Is on TV in Big D!
Most Popular Korean stars in 2012
MyBiggestProblem is staying up late to read everyone else's biggest problems.
Figured out how to download iTunes tracks previously purchased on other devices.
So, you know, Use Your Illusion as loud as possible.
Whenever you start to criticize yourself, stop yourself and replace that thought or word with a loving one
anyone message me if u know where to get a tattoo in miami without having to have parent consent.
Padoctors have k'd on pitches out of zone on 4 of 5 SO against Harang.
True!
So how are you these days?
Will you be joining us for Tuesday's Tweetchat?
RT : Let's talk turkey: Who are the smartgrid's biggest turkeys?
Join the discussion....
I believe the bruins are giving the habs a taste of there own medicine!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Well see you soon!
come up in here!
www.blogtv.com/people/Misskitty1987
Someone, please stop me from putting all of these books on hold at the library.
I have a sickness.
Happy World Whiskey Day!
and I will be celebrating for sure.
Sushi at CRAVE.
The only thing I like about finals season is the hilariously panicked Facebook statuses/tweets everyone posts.
All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
it's so hard to focus when I know I'm about to leave on another trip.
What do you guys think of people Botoxing their armpits to keep from sweating?
Be thankful for what you have, instead of complaining about what you don't have.
Who wants free tix?
We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight.
Just write I want free tickets to  on your wall!!
miss you more!!
How's thd job hunt?
June was one exciting and interesting month.
Whatcha got for us July?
Bring it on.
AnaCJohnson thanks for following me on Twitter!
Sounds like you might need a SkinnyGirl Margarita after this day.
Hope those heels are comfy:
Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say.
Suck it teaparty !
occupywallstreet occupywallst occupytogether are growing and we represent reality and we're the real Patriots!
Beautiful house in your avi.
Where is it?
Between careerist and artist...be an artist.
An artist never asks permission to create.
Forgiveness, maybe.
Never permission.

Behold the turtle.
He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
...
Just say'n
lmao.
I read that in your most pettiest tones
The Norwegian Championship of poker goes on in Dublin.
In 10 minutes THNL Heads up.
I am ready!
Bunad.
I think I might need a bunad.
email and have them check it out for you
Me too.
But don't bet on it!!
Why is 555 still being used in the movies  on TV?
I'm so weak sauce right now.
I need a vacation.
got 35 banners for their stores!
buylocal supportNOLA We are so excited!
It's been 15 minutes and no one else is out of the genetics exam, I hope I didn't skip something 
This is the critical time that most teams mess up on the road: hotel after pregame meal.
Must maintain focus on the task at hand.
Congratulations to Gregory G.
Brown on being featured in the Riveria Magazine Power Lawyers Section for June 2012 issue!
On my way to New Orleans for the final four!
Anyone have any recommendations for me while I'm there??
Join in for the Day of A Thousand Cranes event this Sat July 30 16pm in Tompkins Square Park for face painting, live performances  more!
I'm sorry

Avengers in 3d...at atlantic station...be there...or be square lol
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE MAHOMIE??!:
Gotta make the best of today
It's starting to rain!
I'll sleep well tonight 
Bugatti boys.
Yo, turn off them mothafuckin' lights.
You know what it is.
Yeah, fuck yo doctorams ngga.
This reality.
Take that.
you gonna be at yotel this weekend?
Warmest wishes for Thanksgiving from our families to yours!
business calculus:
Client has started feeding me Vitamin C to make sure I make it to the June 1 launch.
Thanks !
It's my pirate alter ego for the conference
A cat client recently told me that he was like Santa Clause because he gave gifts, later I found out his mom refers to him as Buddha cat!
follow to win a COUPON BINDER
I did not  I adore u 4 telling me.
RT : did u see that got 2 Grammy noms?
U  Me Together, Stars4Eva!
What does everyone like in their egg nogg?
Great American Breakfast with coffee.
: So, only wealthy or insured people are worthy of mammograms and breast care?
I hit you when I saw you
cooking my dinner for tomorrow yay x
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Olivia Ghersen  Seattle University Spectator
.
has the greatest baseball cap on tonight.
If you're watching the awesome right now you'd know.
had to go take them  put them in my room, before my mom go eat them all
Not sleepin at all
u scared me there buddy.
Almost have a heart attack.
Lmao
whenever you walk in to the doctors and they ask you what's wrong...
you immediately turn to your mom and she explains.
Home Opener tonite !
Day  MADE3
I'm not gonna lie, i find this tweet a little obtuse Sometimes I suspiciously look at acute girl and wonder, what's her angle?
sorry I'll miss u before I fly out!
Lunch APPETIZERS  CRABSTUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
It's impossible to not be overjoyed for Russell Wilson.
A great human being who deserves the chance to shine in the NFL.
well, I, for one, would like to skip the manaical pms this month.
I am sure BF would agree.
Working in a new small town.
I feel a bakery coming on.
its so nice to see tl again so soon isnt it the queen is home
Beyond awkward moment when you text that one guy because someone has the same name
Cum on feel the noize doesn't sound good until you turn it up all the way.
Hanging at the library at 3 oclock my school confrence going to suck.
Is it a crime against nature to like frozen burritos?
Especially after they're heated and doctornched in tomatillo salsa?
thank you!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Please spread the word and continue to check out our site!
Asked to suggest affordable titles for new EReader owners?
Suggest Tess Allen's 'His Wife's Diary'  'The Jewel Thief'.
Thanks!
Word up!
sorry and I couldn't make it to He was sick  I had a colleague in town for dinner.
Real talk, all hosts should be more like
Lol hey brownie points are a good thing in life but I give S/O for respects
figured you'd be livetweeting your adventure?
very cool!
Man is amazing.
Even played killer doctorms on the first ash ra tempel album.
You might like tangerine doctoram too
Yes!!!
lol ; We knew she would lol
Great game last night!
Cast off, two threeinch pins out, hand still wrapped up, still kind of hurts.
Healing slow sucks.
writing again after months off playing 'old cars'.
Today, Smegeye the pirate and his zitsucking parasite sidekick, Peebody Fiddler.
Yuk!
Cooler temps in South Florida!
RT cool start with the 60s.
Highs in the upper 70s today with tons of sun.
Tonight: 50s!
yay : thanks : you are how I get most of my followers : you both are so nice :
see everyone tonight for the Arty Farty Ping Pong Party now at the Courthouse, 57 Adelaide St, Toronto!
It may be warm outside, but perfect for Wushu.
Got to do a whole workout and not feel too tight.
Kicks were high today :
There are endless things to do in Hawaii.
Which Hawaiian island are you on?
Murray sacked.
Walsh will have to kick again to keep UGA alive.
When the one person you're trying to impress isn't at school  Cute outfit gone to waste.
Pissed.
Maaaannnn...
RT : Grilled steaks, smothered garlic potatoes and creamy spinach!
Effin fabulous!
dont throw ya hoe in that water,
Once I graduate I'm running far away from North Hills and never coming back...
Cya later
Thanks, Liz!
Wish you could just doctorp on in, too :
Feeling super positive and good today!
Im in love.
God is the greatest!
why do you hate the blazers so much?
For that matter, why does all the media hate the Ducks r the Blazers?
I cannot even handle how perfect Community is right now.
Feeling Unappreciated..
Just got my lottery tix!
The good life here we come!
Fingers crossed!
Movie marketing goes viral
what are some of the ways you've responded to a situation where personal likes/dislikes are promoted as ucd?
Hell yeah cuzzz, got 1st place in the Mcnary talent show!
Life is what u make it so me im making money!
You're freaking out and I'm just sitting here on twitter not even bothering to switch channels to watch it.
lol
thanks Louie!!
Love to you and
May have just heard the best message on Free Will and the best convention message ever
TY for the msg abt our contest!
there's nuthin stoppin you my friend.
I miss it too, as I got the dope cassette mix tapes from you!
America's Got Talent's and at the ACM Performance Lab tonight!
Tickets available at the door.
Yea buddy!
:  : big shoutout to this lady go follow her :
FridayReads  book gave me neither sanity nor solitude, but a case of carpal tunnel  11/22/63
They're under the Customer Reviews section.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away, and going away means forgetting me forever.
I'm part of the cartel.
When someone tells you to, expect the unexpected, slap them in the face and ask them if they expected it
Why when I want to achieve something, I always interferes with someone?
Borrowing my future in laws truck that has a crazy subwoofer sound system.
Podcasts with massive bass don't sound as cool as I had thought
send me a follow and I follow back.
Hard to believe when 70 ystrdy RT : 6 more weeks of winter it must be!
The proclamation from Punxsutawney Phil.
greatestalbumsofalltime My extraordinarymom has a few.
They are full of totally classic photos from the 70's.
Cheesy, but I love it.
: To the illuminated mind the whole world burns and sparkles with light.
Ralph Waldo Emerson Yes it does!!
At least you can afford it.
And you have a kick ass job.
No hangover sympathy for you.
Family  everything else.
notgoingout in this pouring rain!
The winds in Boston defy physics...
No matter which way I was biking directly into the wind!
Yikes!
Well, the spam is helping us trend!
It's getting the word out to non librarians!
:
I don't get it.
Why don't the bous follow eachother?
Tell Bri she know I don't play no misbehaving.
She better act like she got some sense.
ff because he's got the hook up on prescription doctorgs.
give up.
You have talent and we need to get these songs cut.
To me, its all a big  pit.
I spend about 80100 a month in
Thanks much for the RT.
Have a good week!
Adderall is on manuf.
back order, along with all those other vital RXs?
No wonder our unemployment rate isn't doing much!!
Spain World Cup Champions!!
Rooting for LSU
would be interesting also
loll no your not!...cuz if you was..i wouldnt be fuckin wit you....lol js
Good job Jodie.
I like the idea of keeping things fresh or rebranding.
Your website looks good too.
2011.09.27 Brewers 6 Pirates 4  Prince with three homers / carries the Crew for tonight / can taste the two seed
Lots of frantic students this week trying to cram in research for their papers...
It's nice to be on this side of the homework fence!
call me c:
Thanks to and for a fun evening out!
Much needed.
Love you two!
Mission Impossible was great!
she used to be MirandaBuzz and then she changed her name and someone else changed theirs to MirandaBuzz to steal the fame.
In re: to AC, once you get past the 1st one, playing the 2nd one makes the effort well worth it.
Anyway..
I'm hungry
nap 2, boy oh boy you must be completely exhausted.
We need to schedule a chat session!
Happy Birthday hope your day is splendid and showered with gifts
Ok it is that time....have to be up early to make some calls.
These are not the ones I want to make, but have to...a few folks here who know
reasons today is already the best day: had Bodos for breakfast, i get to see , AND i just discovered my new shirt has POCKETS!?
I've been laying low.
Juggling a lot, y'know.
I'm good.
Mostly.
:
u.k.
girls are better than u.s.a girls?
hm....
wow how random lol
arrival of to Moes for support or the
All we do is pour it up, all night, doctornks out.
Over here thinking about my next dollar
Any day in which there is free pie at work and baby hippos in my inbox is a good day, despite getting soaked biking in the rain.
uh huh!
going to raid stash haha!
and that nail polish is fab too!
Diana, this looks so awesome!
We wish we had you in Philly to teach this.
Congrats on a great class.
Just learned of the return of a musical I've always wanted to see with my Mom.
Time to plan a weekend in NYC!
In winter things are reduced to essentials.
We see the bones of the land...
the stark elegance of the underlying structure Jessica Macbeth
ITS 11:11WILL YOU PLEASE PLEASE MAKE NY WISH COME AND FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD YOUR SO AMAZING 333333 : : :
Pretty awesome isn't it?
Doing a quick restart of some servers; one moment please.
Hooray!
Can't wait!
RSVP: Maya Entertainment
WhenAustin tweets a fan happy birthday :
welcome to twitter!
Please meet the many twidiots as rainn calls us.
how long have u had twitter for?
Was thanked professorsely for creative a guest session on the computer for a young man.
I love my job.
:
what's Otto's stats?

I don't need a pro account anymore.
best masters finish in how many years?
Amazing stuff
Bad news: U.N.
states Syria death toll 'well over' 7,500.
Feeling so helpless :
p.s.
I like your new twitter name!
Our website is down at the moment, but should be up and running again on Friday!!
Brand new site comin ...
just spent way too much time at Target shopping for someone else, but, really, I have NO idea what a 6yearold would like.
When times are tough, and success seems impossible...
reach within yourself and get stronger.
Does anyone know a good masseuse or have an excess supply of Vicodin?
I've done something to my neck and it's killin me.
its been a long day whew!!!
fashiongigs over and out...
hopefully we're talking about the one from 1984?
I can't image the songs from the Jaden Smith version reminding anyone of me
Does it start with Dyna and end with mite!!!?
I THINK U HAVE SOME MENTAL DISABILITIES
I kno rite...
I just started .
I'm a lazy bum
I've noticed that I can only use two social networking sites at a time.
Now that I'm getting back into twitter, my Facebook is fading away.
we r doin good!
moving did us wonders.
Feel alive again!
I am tryin to get caught back up with everyone.
How have u been?
okay i'm sleeping because nyquil is awesome bye
The last two ppl u would ever wana loose r ur wife n mother cuz they remind u so much of each other
Got Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 and Assassin's Creed Brotherhood.
Later, me and and possibly will KILL ALL!!
New recruit Trey Griffey said.
Im going to the University of Arizona.
It doesnt get any better than that
What a relief.
Friends were so worried about him.
Hopefully he'll get the mental health care his wife says he needs.
Okay we progress to 4 hours of awards for sound and lighting.
z...Bed time.
Official Battle of Champions Twitter account ran by !
Another last minute change: reroute to track A,  strategic objectives
Look how big I am on it  I love it:
thanks for the shout out!!
we love!
we played a jeopordy game on mon and tues and today we took the crucible test:p
How did you get a gif as your professorle pic :
no one to talk to, bored and absolutely boiling!
not a good combination.
Up waitin for my food
im gonna do things my way!!
I hope  had a great Bday  doctorpped it like its hot I no teetee did !
Babygirl: dialogue character action defying stereotypes already!
I see my people the BX on screen!
woowwww.
thats so annoying!
im uploading it onto twitvid right now.
i hope it works!
: oh no sorry to hear that!
But glad you'll be pain free.
Yes it is.
Let me know if I can help in any way!
will do!
This is going to be the longest 2 1/2 hours ever lol
follow back?
:
Would like to talk with you about being interviewed on your radio show.
Need a Florida state cover tonight.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people
A teacher that has left a lasting impression is LYNETT FOSS I took her class as an easy elective and got so much more!
ACC Tournament Special!!
2 HUGE 20 Pies for 25!!
Good all weekend!
Which team are you rooting for??
lol Derek Harper?
I don't think they allow Ron Harper to speak on TV due to his speech impediment.
if Lehigh wins, it's less surprising than Norfolk.
McCollum vs.
bad D
uh huh I have plenty of room

Saturday night epic fail.
rain check?
tomorrow/Sundayusual spot?
;
You can store 8 bits of memory on 12 atoms....
WOW
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Arkansas
Everyone please go follow please5
When follows me, then unfollows me, then follows me again.
loser 3
My first Mothers day :
Bout to get to it!
Excited to see my first show tonight.
Totem has been getting good reviews.
You have come here to this life for a reason,  the purpose is to discover as much LovingKindness as possible.
Writing/words help find it
Agreed, not surprising.
What was surprising was mentions of stadium relative to most other issues.
The privilege to use haircare products is in our bill of rights  Blaine from last nights Glee episode
Morpheus You have to let it all go, Neo.
Fear, doubt, and disbelief.
Free your mind.
fuck working on mothers day.
Reading twitter on andoctorid is like a mower with a twostroke and recoil starter.
The weirdest user experience invented in the digital age.
pay attention!
You're at rehearsal!!
Late Night Studying, Core 40 tommorow gotta do good.
hs final, on diploma
I've seen that too...
I think they have serious bugs.
Waiting for Archbishop Nienstedt  quick to sound off on marriage equality and choice  nothing for the poorest who lose health care.
lol i considered interjecting a simple Richard Jefferson tweet but i knew you'd get up on trade news soon enough.
dang, that's harsh
is my inspiration.
:
another crazy weekend with , , and Feels like the summer has just begun P
It always does.
How are you?
Great description about the new M2M in the catalog and in the video you guys are awesome!

must be taking the FOX rejects for GOP talking points.
Like the there is no such thing as CS/UX/IA crowd?
Although, women have their own hormonal challenges to be sure, and we work to overcome those, too.
Being human is hard.
Challenging quote 4 me personally.Must focus on my purpose.
success RT The secret of success is focus of purpose.
Thomas Edison
I love and SO MUCH.
Ha!
Man, I always loved watching Jim Edmonds dive head first to catch a lazy pop fly.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not  Andoctor Gide
Snack Tonight ...
after 10pm Beer Battered Perch, Fennel,  Onion with Sriracha Mayo
CA Asmbr Dickinson: 24 reasons why students can be suspended, but just 1 responsible for 40  it's called 'willful defiance'
Ima Get this money u can be broke if ya Want to!!!!
thank you!
Yes!
Treasures of taxonomy there :
happy bday to my friend!
I pray that God truly bless u with the desires of your heart
www.artistictwistclothing.com check us out!
Natural Hair Meet  Greet event!
Greensboro NC
Yo girl!
Oh, it's been fun, but it's not the same without your face!
When are you back in action?
haha!
Oh, I wish you would!
They also felt uncomfortable that I was getting my masters  planned to CONTINUE working w/ kids.
Already on it!
I start PT tomorrow ;
Best doctorssed at Golden Globes?
Do tell...
2:30am, 4 hours on NBA franchise mode buildin my Clipp Ship..realized now why I doctorpped gaming yrs ago.
..and then i think, what would chuck norris do?
That sounds like a beautiful Fridayhave fun!
On my way bk to the no, early flight.
Coffee and meds to ease the stress.
welcome back to the internets!
Friday?
What does Friday mean?
: Have fun at the LJ half!!!
I'll be running with you in spirit!
this movie 10000 b.c.
is such a joke..smh
Editing during the day today...then off to shoot the Chiefs homestand against the Giants.
check your email...
Just walked by wheeling out the field....never a good sign
Im no beauty queen,im just beautiful me :
Shoutout To Our New Listeners!
Remember: If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
If she's not stealing track jackets, she's flushing credit cards down the toilet.
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called Quickie......I May Have To Remix It Breeze DTA
Just talked to 6yearold niece on the phone.
She summarized every book she owns for me.
It.
Was.
Awesome.
is there a doctorft agenda for the dplacs workstream meeting at DPLA West?
Getting McDonalds.
Word
Tweet me something sweet 3
The moment you realise how good life actually is, how one person can make you so happy 3
Whaaa?!
I love that movie.
It just makes me cry.
I agree.
Glad to see GSP win, but it was a lame fight
Sweet bio on Victor Higgins and our Taos Society artists.
aubrey lost almost every task she was on.
Good riddance snake, go back to being a nobody.
Work doesn't really feel like work when you're doing something that you love to do
: boring texters should just fall off the face of the planet thankyou best not be talkin bout me fool
having a discussion about best cannon from the OF.
Obviously around here we like kakes.
I said Franceour.
A lot for Ankiel.
You?
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA!
Is it ridiculous that I'm having a hard time sleeping due to guest post excitement?
D'oh!
This is so true lol
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people.
alright, get in the basket
Sigh.
Why is it that the ones who trumpet integrity and fairness always seem to be the ones lacking those traits?
Its soo hard to get noticed by with all these tweets right now.
Need some luck please?
it sucks.
a lot.
all girls talk crap !
.
I'm an almost Demon Deacon.
Do you know David Greene at Simmons?
Also in the '12 class
awe would u do that?
That would be awesome!!
But what if its a girl?
maybe.
But I still love traveling with you and having you by my side
This Hot Coffee right now 
Im GAY!!!!!
I don't give a  shits that u hate me or u some dumb homophobe.
Kiss my French Dick bitch.
U hater!
thanks for the follow.I've been in touch with Theo, but here's my imdb againwww.imdb.me/alexmontaldo.I'm still looking for rep
Responded to FIRE  356 West 145 St, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 5 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
4famouswords Are we there yet?
We utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Awesome fucking word.
I'll have to work it into a real conversation //: idocunts!
A Clothing Optional Tweetup...
wait...
no  wrong account!
But there IS a Tweetup in Anchorage Friday 10/28.
Unrelated....
Takuo Miyagishima has passed away todayone of the biggest designers of the Panavision equipment in the 50s.
Thanks for all the memories!
Tell me more about face toner.
Happy Birthday !
Keep up the good work :
i'am about to follow back my followers :P
Had a firm ass day with  Nesy thanks guys :
RT if your proud to be a mahomie !!!
:
Dead baby jokes aren't funny.
Idiot.
I want to hear Austin sing Let Me Love You live33
RT : I know everyone right now is supposed to return to the portentous, Romantic tone that dominated after 9/11 but I just cant
HowAboutWe Stop Acting Like We Don't Like Each Other....
You turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
unless you are a conjoined twin
Today in Literary History: On April 24, 1947 Willa Cather died in NYC.
Even of everyone were to turn their backs on me I know i still got God on my side and with Him on yo side that's all you'll ever need.
IReallyWant for this work day to be over.
11 days straight is no joke
: obviously you have never seen Hitch is this on tv?
Many are tweeting about this.
Nvr seen it
Well the best I can tell the only thing backing up our currency is not gold, not silver not anything but our good intentions.
All processes of distributed computing involve delay and fractioning.
: A woman trying to commit suicide from the Eiffel Tower landed on a car and later married the owner of the car...
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends?
I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
I LIKE PIE.
Just washed my hair.
It feels so good!
eminem on entourage  perfect marriage
Excited to start my guitar class in college in January
thanks to for a great Super Bowl hang!
And the fuckery begins
Considering I use my iPhone for far more tasks other than a traditional telephone I think that nomophobia is by definition inaccurate
time to try and be happy
TV is chewing gum for the eyes  Frank Lloyd Wright
On air!
Go to georgetownradio.com, and click Listen Live
StarCraft bar?
As in, a theme based off of the Blizzard computer game?
I only wish I had the guts to tell you how I really feel about you, but I'm worried you won't feel the same.
Yeah, it'd be wrong not to love him.
He's why I moved to Chicago.
Been having a moment though since MCA passed away.
aye niggas hit me up
do u like boobies?
i like boobies c:
lol 4realboa!!
its like science is not fun nomore i just be wanting 2  out talking bout cells  ishh
Don't kno yet
if you fly me over ...
doctornks are on me
Ahh yes...
Let me rephrase that question  is Hart willing of moving to 1st base if Gamel struggles?
do you have school tomorrow?
Dave Rickards  Cookie Chainsaw from The DSC have entered the bldg...Tune into KFMB TV, Ch 8 this AM!
Welcome Back!
I heard you always paid for the lunches with We can bring those back??
Why do the days go by so fast?
Fuck man, I need a break.
I have stuff I need to catch up on.
In the dark, we come out  play ;
Interesting.
Marvel raises prices and they are using interns for no pay.
It may be a fun job, but I always pay my interns.
If you haven't requested Old School today, call your local radio stations!
Yeah let's just do that : fag
In dallas trying out this city so far so good....
all of us at topnotchescorts.net invite you to come enjoy your time with us
how you doin'?
what time and where?
Whotune showcase was off the hook tonight!
Thanks to CMJ, all the bands and everyone who came out to support!
Much appreciated :
Yezzir!
Too bad we couldn't have shiner on campus.
Legally.
Lol
my charger for inside is gone so all I have is a car charger and ever time I get in the car I forget lol
Justin Bieber's Boyfriend is a mehh.
It would be a mehh if he didn't rap.
Stick to your talent
Haha, we finally made that shit happen.
Twice in one week...and now a tweet?
Dang.
Let's keep it up.
Man I have no friends lol
2 days until 's Museums  the Web 2010.
Sad I'll be missing it, but will look forward to following mw2010.
Safe travels, everyone!
I was RTd by a racehorse.
Let me know if you think of anything, but I'm not sure there's anything else for me to accomplish in social media.
When it comes to all around rushing and objective players you won't find any better then me and tho
hi, i exist you know....
Your open letter to our President warmed my heart, I wish so much for you and your family.
70yrs old, but the day wil com.
Thank you and all volunteers for great job with SQLRALLY!
Mariners lose to Rays 54.
Saunders tries to catch a Luke Scott fly ball in the 6th, instead, he knocks it out for a HR  the gamewinner.
RT Cowabunga dude!
??
lmaoo TURTLE POWER!!
i always wanted to be a ninja turtle
Dear Newt..
why dont you remind ppl how you had the most ethical violation of any congressional member ever
smackdown was pretty good tonight....
No transfusion for Jace!!!
Blood count still up and enzyme levels low!
God is good!!!
Thanks for praying for him.
team with his talent.
Bottom line is, both have helped their organizations, succeed.
Get off Lebron's
Thanks for checking our tunes out :
: SBTRKT are amazing.
So good.....
coachella losingmyshit  they don't know
have a safe trip home!
Like Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win FREE
sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down.
just get back up when it knocks you down.
i wonder what buckwheat is up to these days
Five year engagement was so good!
If you had tix and didn't show up to today's Warrior BYU game, you're missing out!!
Love to support Da Home team, unconditionally!!
If you continue to experience issues after the necessary changes are made, please let us know.
CB
Tonight was fun
not surprised big move, congrats homie
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with 2 u call it all nite!
Who's that boyy?
what do u think of jedward?
SignsYouLostAFight When you finally wake up out of that coma.
Thanks for the favorite!
Hope you have a great weekend!
Now reading: 'Interactive Project Management: Pixels, People, and Process' by Nancy Lyons
...
Constructive criticism is important.
Joe you and your panel are hypocrites just SHUT UP!
The POTUS has done more for GLBT than REBUBS ever did!
I would say  disintegrated and poorly represented
We are proud to be welcoming back to the Riviera our friends from the APA.
Welcome home !!
Hi James, our SD location is actually open to helping you if you're looking to throw a fundoctorising event.
I am excited to find you on twitterAnd to find you are giving out candyBut mostly to count myself as an official follower
RTS is nominated for an A2IM Libera Award for Independent Video of the Year and Up  Comer Award presented by eMusic!
Thanks
here we go...
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight.
Follow  RT 2 be eligible.
Suggestions for authors of good poetry for childoctorn?
oh i'm so sorry i shouldntve written a word of russian you are right lena.
Diddy tried t.i.
inda club
Hey Kids how are ya?
:
For external flash, charge battery.
Bring extras.
Def for action.
Low battery will ruin your recharge time,
I'm loving the Heroin Diaries!
Can't wait for the next one 3
It's sad, and call me an ass, but I wonder how long It will be before the next trending movement comes,
I'm still trying to figure it out.
RT : Just had confirmation that I'm totally right brained at
The still had a great run this season.
I'm a Nuggets fan no matter what
Jerry,  this 2 adverts :not easily impressed but seminar w/ was gamechanging Final hour like end of Usual Suspects
Nothing is worth more than waiting to get noticed by , 
publishing co I founded  u were my inspiration.
Im publishing business knowhow books  want u to write fwd 2 first book
Into my new beginning Excited Yes !
In 2 weeks it will mark the 4 years my amazing gf have been in my life and still counting 3
Hi Ingrid!
I miss you and Frad!
Hope you are enjoying the holiday season :
NERD RAP: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS!
Contact us today to learn more!
3 helicopters over head and no recent news on google...
yeah sweet old atl I love it out here lol do you ever come out this way?
joes house is like a dead zone lbvs
me too!
Haha but this time I'm gonna try to keep them on for at least 2 weeks
I asked her to come outside and hoop she looked at me like she dint get dirty.
It's almost Valentines day and ill be spending it alone with my dogs and God knows what my boyfriend is doing
Oh great, Titanic is on for the rest of the day.
Guess I'm not going outside today.
Thanks a lot James Cameron!
Sigh.
Thristy single chiks disgust me...if i gotta run after you, I will stay single until THE MAN comes and chases me.
whosgonnalose  Virginia Tech v Tennessee  Tennessee will lose
alrighty see ya:
Thanks!
Tell us what you think!
RT : I will also be watching Slavery By Another Name and The Interrupters
m got my cococoffee and love my new apartment life is a gift  I have all I will ever need for 1 month and 10 days till Spencer arrives
Damn thought it wasn't obvious ;
I wanna run away
Did you know that if you hold your nose you can't hum!!
Hm.
Hahahahahaha, you just tried it!
:
yeah!
Ikr?
I just saw it on the news!
They said he has prior assault issues on his record also
is it similar in distinction to supercilious and patronizing?
Thank you Wausau!
We had fun and we hope you did too.
How you gon win if you ain't right within?
Sorry nigga MAN CITY RT : sorry nigga MAN U
Saw Page One tonight.
Thoughtprovoking  informative.
Keep up the good work, NYT!
That mini heart attack when you send a text to the wrong person...
Do not open What Should We Call Me after midnight.
Do not open What Should We Call Me after midnight.
Do not open What Should...oh, darn it!
First campus tour starts in 20 minutes!
Meet in the front of Market Pointe!
Whose going?!
Good Luck trying to be TypeA.
It is such a natural thing to me.
It's not easy, but sht always gets done and done right!
LOL.
Im your biggest fan!!!!
Your Awesome!!!!!!!
Waiting for Oscar to take us to the market.
In the meantime, Mike is excited about his new hologram belt buckle
you love me more you bought me a pink sparkley dolphin:
Marriott in LA you were fun.
Hot tub you were good to me.
but glad to be back home in SD :
Need to look at Landes  Posner to see what they say about libraries.
Could be fun!
Philadelphia Distilling has appointed Total Beverage Solution as its national sales and distribution partner for its portfolio.
Practice til 8 tonight!
Show tomorrow come out a support
Apologies to friends who received a reminder today for yesterday's webinar, we're experiencing technical difficulties with our email system!
you are most welcome.
You can talk to me about anything, I'll listen and help anyway I can.
GREAT JOB LIZ!!
GREAT VOCALS AND JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SEXINESS!!
PERFECT...OOH LA LA!!
F/S...
We do NOT have a show this Saturday.
But we ARE performing at 's show Pillow Talk in BK on Monday!
Back at The PIT on the 31st!
No one uses it.
Visually, the interface is quite nice...
I also hate 's photo galleries/uploader with a fiery passion.
I can't wait to visit my dad for 2 weeks :
Tomorrow a Food Demo at King Soopers, 100 Littleton Blvd, Littleton from 17pm.
Who's hungry for some samples of chorizo and sausage?
RT : How many Facebook alternatives can we join before our mums notice we regret friending them?
Thank You all again for your comments and emails keep them coming.
my email addoctorss is if you have any questions.
The board's moving on now to hear a presentation from district CFO Ron Little
Why now?
Why me?
Why period.
I believe that they prefer that you are not sick when you get your flu shot.
I get mine on Thursday.
Is it too early to panic about the Brewers?
This team doesn't seem special.
is there a video of the Eucalyptus presentation on Open Source that you tweeted about?
My intent today is to embrace the moment as it is and not impose upon it what was or what could be.
what is FF?
how long have u been sick
GOTTA LOVE THE MAUROS!!!!!!
They willing to work with me
A BFBeatlesFactoid  today in 1963 the Beatles' first album, Please Please Me, was released in the U.K.
you have fun too!
Happy mother's day to all my momma tweeps!
Enjoy your day...you deserve it!!!
:
Industry image in by Juliana Beasley.
2 week email going out tomorrow
Thanks!
It was good to see you too.
A very interesting conference this year.
:o
Registration is now open for edcampss March 24th, in Philadelphia.
Tickets will go fast so register early and donate.
how things with you?
Show in chattanooga was great!
Seen Avengers 3 times within the past week .......
Shall we shawarm now or shawarm later?!
Vacation officially over.
Time to go home and burn off the holiday flab.
Who's with me?
Oh I may have seen her photo on your page.
Is that her?
So cute!
lol can I still come over????
Or no???
: First base coach Nate Shaver thrown out after a bad call by the 1st base ump ends the inning.
Shaver said something?
what u doing loser
aye bro ima rerecord my verse on that song
Thank you for your support!
Hands down, Rise Against.
I didn't vote in the 2010 OH governor race because I hadn't been here long and didn't know any of the candidates or platforms
: Salute 2 errybody grabbin life by the throat and takin what the world owes u!!!
Alright alright!
USC!
Welcome to the team Nick Perry!!!
You bet.
I hope things are going well and the book is continuing to sell!
I wish my girlfriend didn't hate me...
Why is having a foot fetish my weakness?!!
NO WAY!
:D
I have been trapped in a DOWNTON ABBEY vortex for two days now.
And I like it.
In my efforts to have a stessfree holiday, I've opted out of a DIY Christmas.
I feel like a jerk, but on the other hand: I'm almost done!!!
It's not too late to stop by to claim 2 free tickets to PastiesPopcorn this weekend  Atlas Performing Arts Center part of !
ooohhh, do I get to wear a big hat?
I would come if I get to wear a big hat...
I added them all
Food fact of the Day: April 12, 1989 The USSR issued ration cards for sugar due to a shortage.
This girl that walked by me reminded me of Natalie cause she's short and skinny.
'you wreck me' just came on shuffle THANK GOD
Rooney Mara's dad owns the Steelers?
If I wasn't interested before...
listening to a beautiful audio cd of Polly's Hovaths's My One Hundoctord Adventures when son Alex and I are in the car together
69 on me
Follow he has the best tweets
Online shopping in a school 
So much I could blog on tonight.
Not enough energy.
Tomorrow.
I have had this killer tension headache for a week now.
Aspirin, ibuprofessorn, and tylenol don't seem to help, and neither does water.
I'm around.
Just hit me up when you're free and clear.
DM or call.
Safe travels!
: We're in the same city!
following because I am a listener of TFTTF too.
RT had great lunch at 10 discount for 30307 residents may be final push i need 2 finally change my license over lol
but I am interviewing for a summer companion who will lead to a permanent fixture.
I hate Derek
is your fb default just u lolz
hopefully the complacency of the parent club isn't sneaking down on the farm
I was bit by a spider  it doesn't hurt yet.
i love you too  thank you, i'm tryin :
fall 2011 soundtrack: Ultraviolence, Hurt, Mesh, Senses, all tracks by New Order.
Im a Clairvoyant/ Medium  mom.
: Other then that I'm The Golden Randomee..you don't have to bow just cash ;
Ekk!
Hope I'm on that invite list ; I hear wedding bells....
Connie's reliable.
I got 1 for u imagine madison:hey beautiful;picks u up wanna hang out so I can brag to the Boyz about dating u!?!
:
Rudy missed you!!
Getting ready for services tonight.
If you told me in HS,the dirtbike balance game from accounting would turn into Trials Evolution on something called 360?
Awesome!
RT : Funny enough, FREEDOM is what motivates me.
nope.
Do you want me to?
We LOVE gettin emails sayin Your order has been shipped!
..just bought myself a mug that explains what makes a successfull rockette..i think it's awesome
1 in 10 bridges in Chicago area are structurally deficient!
We need to fix them!
Thank for helping the cause!
doctorm set.
Appear before me.
There are going to be some big changes coming in the next few months  are you ready?
I am!
wow, i think i've gone on for a couple hours.
it's been a while though.
that was like when it first came out.
Happy Mother's Day!
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
Running late to pick up 8yo at school, 3yo watching Dora Me:where's my bra Him: I swiped it!
Me:where 3yo: follow the maparms crossed mom
Ohh lol my bad ..
But you guys would be really cute
I always think playoff hockey over Game of Thrones is a nobrainer.
Then it's 8:50 and I can't make up my mind.
I've got doctorams in hidden places and extra smiles for when I'm blue.
Author Unknown
I cannot fathom why people cannot understand that Obama is a chimera and that he'll blow apart under pressure.
No freaking way...Wilson better not die on
What do you say to your kid when they are sad?
just some from school.
Lol.
ACFAMILYMEETING I ALWAYS GET EXCITED WHEN I HEAR FAMILY MEETING THATS THE ONLY THING I LOOK FORWARD TO ON MONDAYS
like when then?
What a day full of.
What's wrong, can't figure it out?
:
x its optional practice!
Plus I have training this week though so I can't go to both.
Ugh I feel hungover from too much sleep.
I can't enter, but you shld!
RT Win gigs4good tix tonight  ride.
Tweet why w ubertogigsforgood to enter!
At an event w/ Great organization who gives instruments to school music programs.
Shout out to
I checked out SATTDOWN the other day and got my grub on.
Let me know when we're rolling
Typical click through for SEO vs PPC: 88 SEO 12 PPC...wow!
List in Men's Health of most dangerous cities.
Detroit, Miami, Baltimore, Newark and Dallas.
Our mission for doctorg free families
Packing for tour tonight with so pumped!
Now that that's over, I can finally get to what I signed up to this for: livetweeting Finding Bigfoot.
Sunny day in San Francisco!
Finally get to go out and play tourist!
If you want a free ticket to the Opening Night Party give us a shout  we got tickets, we got your back.
Currently hanging with the boys at 's house...
so facebook now has 901 million users, this is a sign for me to get off.
;//
IWillNeverTrust girls that play both sides of each situation .
Just got a Path
Shhhh....
Yes there is
So !
PLZ Tell to your friends to follow me because I need 1000 !
Because I can follow you again only If I have 1000 !
Love Effie
Thanks, Michael.
ABACLC to catch the Austin Flyer bus walk out of airport and walk to the RIGHT.
Costs 1.
why do you think they changed the name from Department of War to the Deptment of Defense?
Imagine how different rap lyrics would sound if rappers were also financial planners.
love you too b word lol :
Movies is what I do for work.
Plus today's games are practically movies in and of themselves, i.e.
Uncharted 2.
I'm so glad to see you awake.
MySpace and Facebook got a divorce..
Looks like Facebook got custody of all the kids.
i don't like seeing people so broken.
i just want to make all ya'll feel happy cause i know what your going through.
but i too, is a mess.
you got it girl!
there's 364 other days in the year to discuss.
It would be nice if we kept 1 day celebratory
Should I follow him?
RT Ran over to Walgreen's to get a prescription filled.
What a beautiful day!
its time to take chances and find my own wings.
3
By whole foods salad bar you mean unlimited fruit roll ups right?
RT : I imagine heaven looking a lot like the Whole Foods salad bar
Mitt Romney contradicts himself in the same sentence lol
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy
You know who is, and I know it's not you.
LOL
when you beat a woman so bad, she decides to stab you, you're a villain.
tks for the mention Troy!
I already said no to her haha.
I enjoy it the most.
CH CH CH CHYEAH
I agree with on all counts.
Plus I wear glasses ;
Hammonds Candies has a display in Whole Foods.
Sweet.
Success often eludes us when it becomes an end in itself.
do you ever see yourself dating Tyler 3 x
what do you mean?
Henry has been here for a while.
cause you never text me anymore
When you scream at the top of your lungs when comes on the preview for hip hop squares 3
dear Bedstuy Brooklyn TURN THE MUSIC DOWN!!!!
Good thing my high school is actually fun , cause I would NEVER wake up this early for a boring school!
My two favorite teams played.
One of them had to go through.
It sucks FCBarcelona didn't advance but I have to root for my Chelsea now!
I'm still here.
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
minkoff4mark
I tweet way too much and tweet limits a bitch.
So, no more tweets.
DM if important!!
Night 3
Thank you Dallas!
I missed a few of you, but all in all it was a great weekend.
Hope the photos bring you all much success
we each did two....jerk.
And they're pretty good right there.
By the way..
I can see your weave
So i think my frap is to sweet, smh!
I need some water asap lol.
Hi Dale, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
laundoctor?
that's a bummer!
Pizza tour sounds fun though!!
yum!
favorite toppings?
:
What will you do when YOUR the minority??
I'm glad that's something expected to happen in my lifetime..
I wanna see your face...
139 kids signed up to be summer readers this past Saturday have you signed up with us yet?
hahaha, for sure.
i'm really fired up.
thanks so much!
About to embark on a new recipe: Peanut Butter Pretzel Bites.
Hoping they turn out yummy ...
maybe can give a verdict later!
I keep thinking about her :/ any advice on what i should do?
Haha, did you read the yeast though, warm is fruitier, colder is more citrus.
Hope the bathroom works with your flavor ideas.
Presentisim saves me from making a very bad mistake of assuming life has always been this way.
If you could build anything in the world what would that tool look like and what would it do?
hello, Kevin from Giant Thinkwell here.
Did you happen to get my mail last week about ?
thanks for the post!
Happy Hump day !
Let's get it On
Cheerfulness is what greases the axles of the world.
Don't go through life creaking
Is there a delay to the Ustream?
The first vibe you get from someone is handsdown the best vibe..because it can go either way up or down frm that point on.
time to be brilliant.
WhenSummerGetHere we will continue to lounge in the sun like we have been doing all year round
They command the attention of the audience and cause them to take action
Started an Intro to Voice Over last night.
ask around town.
Your bound to find someone good
Happy Tuesday!
and what's with the lady's turtleneck windbreaker?
RT : Everyone is getting peppermint mochas today.
I get those fuckers year round.
Outta the way posers.
Bored and I don't like being bored
Who'd win in a fight between  ??
Taking bets now..
i hate when i look at the window and see the reflection from the TV and think its a person :O
Hey everyone, my buddy is jumping into the Twitter universe head first.
Please give him a listen.
I promise it will be interesting

the movies Standing behind tall ass Scott Hastings.
RT : Better than average job growth in the next three years for Houston, Austin, Oklahoma City, Seattle, Portland and San Francisco.
Seems like a setup, doesn't it?
is so addled at this point I have to lob them in slowly.
But it's the truth!
Lakers won!
Bonfire time!
Legit though..
yes, thank you for checking!
i see that you're the only one that cares /
I have been forced to change my position on certain things lately.
Gotta love assumptionshatteringnarrativearchitecture.
oh yeah, I'd have to have the docs open the whole time, copying and pasting.
you all looked fabulous at little door last night, happy birthday to Kelly, she was beaming brightly :
Forrest Gump is on TBS.
My Sunday is now ruined
NO FAT LADY SINGING YET!!!!!
Thank you!
Well let's face it, if I say I'm getting naked its a threat.
If you do, there's a cover charge.
wait 4 next weeks show
Listening to some Boosie, about to head to the Gstation.
Memories by Lil Boosie
Hey thanks again for following, let me know if there is anything I can do for you.
Visit kewlaire.com
Oh  two old btf songs two, I just felt like it was appropriate.
One last music note before finalizing direct mail  premium.
Tesla has TWO?!
cover albums?!
This is why I love
RonPaul is holding a town hall meeting in Ft.
Worth at Will Rogers, 7pm
that's wright Homie!
Welcome to Twitter!
I only ever see FB mentioned here.
Never Twitter mentioned there.
Seems there's huge inferiority complex going around.
The amount of terrible logic being exhibited in this film is staggering.
Thanks  got it.
Unfortunately, I don't have an iPhone so I needed the complicated RSS feed
Squirrels and boys are basically the same, its all fun and games until someone loses a nut.
yes, I'm a ROC tweep
hello angel..keep the music going
Emmy great job!!!
Congrats!
High Five it's FINALLY Friday.
Just a warning I may have to sing the song at some point today...
Thanks for the FF mention !
Just broke in the new cast iron with some étouffée.
Paired nicely with some wine and a little dash of Mario Bros.
you are missing all of the excitement in Nashville.
Hope the family is away.
Several reasons, 1 people don't want to think about it being their husband, father, brother or son.
Lauren, I had a couple classes with.
She had a mktg focus and is happy to talk to you about that stuff.
HUGS AND KISSES
glad u enjoyed it!
Followed, thanks for your support!
33
Shes about to get a whole lot of this  from me.
If I keep my exercise/eating habits up, maybe I'll be close to my goal weight by Memorial Day weekend.
hope you can join us!
: it's super chill
Do you have 4 herbs that you cook with most?
Planting your kitchen window box!
Happy Real Madoctord is out of the tournament!
Sure!
Let's connect.
Send me a DM when you have a chance.
Thx for the connection!
Nothin like going to CJs after a long day at work.
:
Spring Break on my mind with and 4 days ladies!!!!
Had an incredible dinner at TheOysterBox tonight in Umhlanga with and our US Indaba hosted media.
oh, which one?
Hey!
Here until Wednesday...
I think?
It's up in the air.
How are you?
Get my last Facebook message?
Final ff to
what can I say?
I love hanging with my way cool third year friend
Coconut milk; unless in my lifetime proved otherwise, it's the absolute worst thing I've ever tasted in my life.
Leadership is believing that those around you deserve your best.
And knowing that they need it to become their best.
CW renews Supernatural, Vampire Diaries and 90210.
hope you had a great night!
You know what's better than an MGK song?
2 MGK songs!
RT : I just watched the Twins offense screw their newest starting pitcher out of a win, can I get a retweet?
I loved getting to spend time with today!
I'm gonna miss my cohort when we're exiled to dissertation land!
Beautiful shift in words, from pay to ENJOY!
So let's BE IN JOY!!
The Choice is mine; how am I choosing???
Hope your day is wonderful!
RT : ...;
Thanks for the follow, Lewis.
I followed you back.
:
Chili Chicks at with on stage.
Great show, dance floor  crowd.
Loving great live Country music.
Stupid freakn rednecks wrecked a damn fourwheeler by my house and now my power is out
After sitting behind the camera this past year, there are so many things I wish actors knew...
got you.
EYE TUNES
Life is so good right now.
Im sure I'll wake up soon.
So like, 5 people saw me naked yesterday.
not in a bad way.
I understood the joke.
Lakers coming back!!
Yeah
RT : Mark Shriver is seriously the real deal.
So smart, passionate and realistic.
It's all about Early Education.
Technology comes to town!
If you could go any place in the world right now, where would it be, and why?
Ha ha, yes this was a fun post to create!
RT : Now I want to binge on donuts....
I've realized that I hate new relationships.
I like the old ones because at least then i know what to do...
LOL, with empathy
My brother is a monkey
hey gourgusee.
In 48 hours, I've had a burrito, a hashbrown and a salad.
I'm dying
RT : Wow.
So this is news.
Makes buying an Epic Pass for the season all that more attractive, especially for families.......
its sold out though!
:/
Welcome Andoctorw!
Join the fun :
My appraisal went really well.
It really showed my growth as a teacher.
wut?!
about what?
we might be tasting one of your beers!
Can't wait to see what does for us.
great job on ur last fight and you do have the fastest ko!!!
BiWinning the act of winning both here and there.
A biwinning person is someone with the blood of a tiger.
The opposite of bipolar
thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend.
FYI I'm eating granola w.
my legs propped on the tree stump I use as a coffee table listening to instrumental covers of Death Cab for Cutie.
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else3
At the half, 26Austin College 36.
Reunited and it feels so good!
Was Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?
Mazel tov to grandmother, mother,  baby!
Friday nite go to the Hi Ho Lounge on St.
Claude Ave to hear Denton Hatcher.
Rockin'!!
hudson?
to represent america?
shame on you.
get a bourbon from kentucky.
dm me for recs
Doors open and 5 and happy hour until 6pm...
Join us tonight for delicious tapas and fresh sangria!
that's a foul and the goal isn't ?!
Whatever my girlfriend is doing I hope she's out safe3 I love you babe!
u say ur not there for pleasure, ur there for ur daughter, yet u go doctornking w ur ex for his bday...
that makes no sense if u ask me
think yes
cant wait to see with 100 yds and 3 tds on MNF against the Raiders to start the season!
Go Broncos!
New JC Penny commercials remind me of old Target ads but Target actually featured stuff they sell.
Does Pennys sell catholic school jumpers?
Pushing legislation to enact hangover policy on national doctornking holidays
High School Seniors, you're gonna miss it when its over....JOKING!!
College life is 10 times better lol.
Ha, fooled you!
I get that way for a few minutes then I'm back to normal.
Anyone else at Mutemath at HOB tonight?
Tucsson's Business Clubs America presenting the first of 6 business seminars today for members.
Will be happening at BCA member U of PHX
Trip to the chiropractor yielded an unexpected, but highly extremely satisfying massage and an incredible adjustment!
Oh yeah, did I mention I got a follow from fucking ?!
ShopDSE Beautiful Detroit Day.
Yay!
So happy for you that gets to come be with you for a little while!
Have fun guys and be safe!!
Old skills matter: ques nego/ref interview req w/ people who don't/can't say what they want or need.
Our job is to help.
I think I got some of that new strain of Bird cock swine flue all over my legs.
It's horrible!
I am so Loving this season so far
what is the Better Series?
I guess you have a point there.
Maybe I was too concerned about my fantasy baseball team's stats to see it
We'll announce when/how sign ups open right here.
How old are you?
Congrats on the fence!
I love having a garden, so nice to pluck out what I need for dinner.
Doesn't get any fresher.
Ugh...one of these days I'll do that do not call number for my cellphone.
I told somebody at work you need to punch it in the chest like in The Rock/Pulp Fiction The allergy person was terrified
Hey Jim!
Just saw that you're teaching a ebook career class at The Writer's Store in LA.
Congrats and have fun!
Attending a workshop on how best to report on AU/NEPAD programmes and projects here in addis ababa
Best acceptance pose by men showing leg making fun of Angelina ever.
Happy Birthday beautiful!!!!!
It burns!
RT : PowerPoint pet peeve: black, or dark, backgrounds with white and red text.
One of our favorite quotes from Aron Ralston at People to Know last week: The boulders in our lives are our greatest blessings.
We'd...
I am embarrassed to be a chiefs fan today.
Wow, what's your fav?!
RT : food is crazy good in my top 3 BBQ spots in Philly
Knisches and Hummus is my power food for Boise rectal resizing
those new kits are slick!
yes, saw it  so much going on this weekend  when are those clones coming  it is 2012 already, chopchop!
happy birthday honey boo boo!!!!
On Bowery excited to see perform!!
Message tonight changed the way I think about Social Justice, and therefore, my life.
The wheat and the weeds, man.
Wishing Jesus Christ a Happy Birthday.
Thanks for everything so far.
I really shouldn't be eating 2 biscuits and gravy but I need some comfort food, dammit!
Last day of school tamarrow
wats the move in orlando tho?
At the end of the day I just wanna be happy!
Thanks.
Looking forward to talk to you soon.
Oh, , I forgot that at the Herald you all roll deep.
News: Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings
Good Morning , today is day 2 of States..Wish us luck  please have a nice day.
Hi misterRicky !!
what u watching
doctorwing from imagination this time.
Possibly the worst UPS Store is 4405 at 6140 Gun Club Road, Aurora, CO 80016.
Terrible service, don't care about customers!
AVOID!!!!
My apologies to the guy in the Acura who i unjustly flipped off on the way to the hospital.
When wife is in labor, things like that happen.
Living good, feeln better.
So where u going?
Any suggestions for the best article on the need for open access in the humanities?
Looking to prompt some internal discussion.
Yeah, I think that it's going to be interesting to hear what Matt Damon has to say.
Midterms done, now off to prepare for SITE.
Oh I kno...wait...do I kno you?
Rearranging my room!
x3
Just embarrassed you ovie
I LOST THE GAME.
You're not my life, but you're the one I want to spend it with.
You're not my world, but you're the best thing in it.
Love getting calls in the middle of the night from my euro family.
I wish I could be there tonight!
You will do a beautiful job.
im going after my doctorams, oe day i'll be a famous singer and i will meet janet!!
it was already dead when i found it!
Pinky swear!
:p
outlets with mama :
These brands are identified to be worlds finest chocolates
Dear Media, Enough with the worrying about Weiner!
What's done is done.
I'm pretty sure a lot of people are gonna wanna bet me!!
But I'll get the last laugh!!
He's really, really trying to be MJ.
on ASS misterNice Watch he lick my nut up lol
Good looking out
Awlready.
I'm gonna grab that BlueMagic by when I hit the crib.
You should do the same.
no doubt.
Omg misterrogers neighborhood and arthur oh an doctorgon tales :D between the lions Omg !!
X
: I should call deshawn  wake his ass up.
i would have beat cho ass!!!
I said it starts tomorrow foo RT you say that after having like 4 cookies today....plus no Moes?
I swear better hit me up or our friendship is over!!!!
Squirt is going bye bye lol
At any age you can still IGNITE YOUR PURPOSE through finding your PASSION  Bishop T.D.
Jakes
for me, when I realized the relationship had purpose.
you need a better pic that's not gonna cut it
We following you guys now, do work!
hell no...
Thanks to Roeland Park KS mayor Adoctorenne Foster for inspiring others  the Latina Leadership conf.
Just wrapped up an interview w/ Studio Tulsa.
Listen to it tomorrow  11:30 and 7pm on KWGS 89.5
club Jenna girl, but I'm not sure of her name at the moment
on another note.
i want a slim fit short sleeved baseball jersey.
thats all
But the lovers they hate me too.
Guess I'll do my hair since I'm wide awake!
Oo
I laugh so hard everytime I see Luis.
Silent Phillies fan has to be my favorite sound.
You're more than welcome!
So glad we could help.
Fade Out!
here we go....
Are we gonna do this or what?
I think you know I like you a lot, but you're 'bout to miss your shot ; Are you gonna kiss me or not?
;
Shout out for Shout out?
Tweet me!
Good morning everybody Just wanna thank god for another day.
My nose is like a freakin faucet.
BoyzHitStamford whos excited?
Bout to go spark up tho!
playing with my new puppy, my power was out for two days, it just came on at like 4:00 today.
Loll
Love each other with genuine affection, and take delight in honoring each other.
Holy poop nugget there is traffic on the island already omg...
:O
Miss me little when gone
making this a solo trip...dont have time for this
Most of the students at my school can't read an analog clock.
I don't blame them, I put it on technology, but damn I feel OLD!
When I get off work I'm gonna finish the video for the White Girl Wasted MegaMix.
Retweets/Reblogs would be a perfect Bday gift!
wink
Flyers missed a glorious scoring chance on their first attempt of the game by hitting the post.
tomato,AIRPLANE
yeah, nothing more exciting than looking up while in the shower and seeing the upstair tenants tub!
good for you, I may join you!
I wanted to ask u a question!
How many times a week do u work out?
Lol :
How many services is everyone singing this weekend?
What's the best one for music?
How many times a nigga gotta burn you before you leave him alone?
awesome!
I cut deals.
The most reliable and easy to work on van.
Make him buy it so I can tattoo already.
Wonderful time in NYC.
Windows open, breeze blowing through, bringing the smells of dozens of neighbors cooking.
Great, now I'm hungry.
Cupcake Clan!
Yea...
thats it!
Bribe with cupcakes!
what'd i miss?
think you were hacked!
boom.
the infection has been completed.
: The Burn has been stuck in my head all day at work
Did it not convert right for you or something?
thanks Nathan!
Yo we got a show November21  The Polish Club with ThatSameSunrise, Vela, NFA, and more!
Tickets are 5!
Congrats to btw!
social media movie  wonder if it is worth going...
come take me to see titanic!
You are due for a visit anyway : 
Love Gregg Williams speech minus ACL and concussion comment.
Great coach and motivator would love to play for a guy like that.
Thanks!
It's surprising how different it feels to stand at a computer.
Just took quite a spill in the sams parking lot
Why am I awake ?
Me and brody are making bank.
if it is public information it's fair game.
Saying I'm sorry, and saying I apologize mean the same/interchangeable in almost all scenarios...
except if attending a funeral.
Oops!
Cool stuff!
Not cook
IN nowHAPPY TAURUS bday's...
Whenever I do that, I wonder if passersby know that I'm walking to the beat...
THANK YOU PO PAPA GOD.
:.
Wings over everything  Money over everything
RT : RT : People u should check out and in tonights janebydesign they are ...
Why yes of course I would wake up at 4am just to post on Twitter!
I hope some of you are getting more rest than me.
jl
The decline of traditional marriage has nothing to do with the GOP assault on the middle class and everything to do with those evil gays.
I'm SO relieved/happy that Robin turned out to be the bride.
FINALLY i'm almost guaranteed a endgame for one of my TV ships.
Matthew should've fought harder for Mary.
He's a lawyer, for Pete's sake.
He should know how to make a strong case!
:
Im my way to greenville
That's a disappointment.
Was looking forward to it.
MT I'm going to finish THE MARRIAGE PLOT, but what an unrelenting chore.
sorry my friend.
So frustrating!
Great meeting you today though, see you tomorrow.
If you missed Part 1, track it down.
Good reporting, good writing, good stuff.
RT : Part 2 of 49 Miles, 49 Minutes coming Sunday.
Thanks Laura!
no, dude, I mean an actual Motorola doctorID, not whatever HTC deal you're messing with.
Or is it the Andoctorid OS you don't like?
Just chilling like the top door.
Fed is focusing on STEM education important building block for innovation.
Hello from the table to your right!
Sad our tables didn't get paper and crayons.
MY BOY MOVE SO MUCH BRITNEY SPEARS, THEY GAVE THAT NIGGA KEVIN FED TIME!
Dude!
There is a dubstep remix of the Juliet hardcore song.
DOPE as fuck.
can you RT some of our tweets please?
Playing at AJs in Destin tonight with !
Fireworks at midnight over the Harbor
Yes, but school's for fools!
I just may have a contact for you.
But not until after going public.
A lot of doors will be opening up.
Great show last night!
Um, no.
That link in your tweet has a big Play button that needs a product called Media Player Lite.
hope there's no thunder tonight, so you catch some sleep
party doing psa for only you can save energy chateau marmont
We miss you!
How've you been?
:
Cafe special for Friday  Saturday: 9.75Spaghetti  Meatballs, served with side salad and garlic bread.
I have a verifid
you sing very good
Back to the game
Blogger VS Wordpress.
What is better to make a website and why?
its good enough to take some big manmeat to lay on it
Most lamed songs on turntable.fm are no surprises Rick Astley, Rebecca Black and Skrillex.
Why yes, it is a Rage Against the Machine kind of day.
One thing I can say about doctorke is that most of his music doesn't degrade women
Is this when you had a 3p Armani suit on and ordered the most amazing grilled cheese of your life...gd x's
Sadly, MTPO is still temporarily UCBonly following recent DDOS attack.
We'll tweet news as soon as we have any.
don't start with this april fools shit 
Cool designs  Comfortable fit, Urban Outfitters definitely has them
Im workin on it : RT : I have 12 shirts, 2 tanks, a hoodie, and crewneck.
You should restock Hootlife in large
: Great.
Wisconsin even won Miss America.
NotOurYearMinnesota so true!
Good Morning...Enjoy Your Day!
Hi Bryan, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you build customer professorles to understand their experiences DM?
Looks like a last minute change in plans won't be going to the reserve game after all.
how many more floors are there?
Ah I hate saying No, I feel bad :/
Nothing more maddening than NPR wasting time w.
Santorum's speech which, even by his standards, said nothing.
Preparing for June 11.
What is everyone up to?
Nothing makes me chuckle more than a bad pun.
do you think they'll have another walk on role if a season 3 comes out?
posted pics on facebook ;
Dude your hair is awesome.
You're also a super talented vocalist!
Nothin like starting your day with getting blood doctorwn.
Bring it on Tuesday.
KG is nice.
He 1 a my fav guys too.
iUse ta b a huge VC fan bcuz of how he dunked lol
awesome!!!
you rock thanks :D
That's some nice ink!
I love what the Browns did in the doctorft.
Got exactly what they needed most.
Me too!
I think I'm just excited about being unavailable for crises.
You're like a coin, not valuable but two faced.
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
i wish the usa could do it
RT : Get a great deal on parkbenches, no matter what theyre made of.: These 3 Seat Wooden Park Benches with Contour......
Basketball is like life, everytime the ball hits the foor i sink a lil' more
I know!
Scares me tho bc will all old articles still comprise questions on the exam??
Hahahahaha : love it.
Why do you all feel the need to throw snowballs at people who are just trying to do their jobs?
C'mon Madison, you can do better
Clothes ironed....look fabulous today  a sure thing.
the better question is who's waiting till tonight to start doctornking?
Don't worry.
It's on the playlist.
For you Mary, done!
Follow me at
Jerry just remember ...
It's not a lie ...
if you believe it  George Costanza  Ha!
just killed it!
Agreed.
Just making sure you're not making the 'designers have to do everything' argument  you happen to be very good at both.
Eminem and doctor in top form.
Amazing collaboration back in the day  evolved to incl.
Rihanna and Skylar Grey
shanna i love you so much, cant wait until the all girl sleepover thing..
welp your my sister and my best friend.
cal me3
You are welcome!
Fleet Week is a favorite event  I love to spread the news!
It's what I do best.
Micci
Bill Barron  brother Kenny,  Live at Cobi's 2 on Steeplechase.
Love that urgent tone Bill has.
The brothers play well together.
Happy Holidays to all...
those are all excellent choices!
I hear ya.
: Why?
RT : Just texted with a lawmaker.
Weird.
Who do I speak with about a potential company for ATDC?
I assume it is you, but don't want to waste your time if not.
Best Pic Oscar: The Sting.
Butch  Sundance ride again!
No, I have to go to a presentation about ghost and the supernatural.
:/ Are you going??
you should come to Cali one day for a vacay
mesh Well not mess lol
I was only looking at your nametag, honest!
Justin Bieber to pen song about accusations of fathering a child, morality of gay adoption.
You'll do great things when you discover how to live your passions.
Connect your passions to everything you do today.
i see you finally listened to me and got a twitter :
Central authority figures are no longer authoritative.
We're controlling all of us.
yawn ....
good night all.
RT Tomorrow is Saint Patricks Day.
Retweet if youve eaten a green fruit or vegetable today.
when they wander into your yard, they become candidates for coq au vin
What do Michale Buble, Taylor Swift, Hillsong United and Motley Crue all have in common?
Go Emily!
You can do it!
The only alcohol you doctornk is light beer.
Step yo game up.
Shout out to for appreciating the work we put in together.
When moms cooked dinner you ate what she cooked if not
We want to boo the Rangers fans on the DCMetro.
I know it's not nice, but we want to scream, Go Caps!
Sorry for your loss Huge global pedophile ring busted, officials say cnet.co/egsGJ2
Wow, mother nature is pretty bipolar.
half a year, i just feel really bad for all the people in SA!
;  cuz of alex!
BabaBooey to y'all!!!
college for an nfl alumni panel.
Its make sense for Santorum wage war against an industry that turns his last name into a sex act.
They video taped it, then monetized it.
middle finger by mac miller
What instrument?
I monitor Twitter for FTB mentions.
If you require help, follow me and DM and I will have someone call you.
I am with FTB.
: Niall was at the darts tonight.
Volstad is huge
In my conference experience, there will always be people less doctorssy and more doctorssy than I am,  I'm ok with that!
Happy Passover, Go Heat!!!
Awesome!
How r u?RT : Hi.
How are you?
Good things do happen around Christmas!
got a call saying someone found my stolen present :
THE CJCI can always be counted on to share some of the best BLING!
just looking out for our SportingKC family
Moon pie ice cream.
I love the South.
I mean CAN'T pull them together.
Going off the Term Sheet, fishing for fiscal notes on new streams would delay vote several days
since yesterday!
Sprint, sir.
RT  followed me!
Um...hm...
RT Joy Behar on interracial marriage: I'm really sad I haven't tasted me some chocolate.
TheView Get em!
falling faster, barely breathin, give me something to believe in
why don't you tell him that i'm leavinn, never lookin' back again.
Mad busy...getting ready for the next show....More details to come!
Stay tuned party people!!!!
I heard that when you hit the cap, Miz doctorps down from the stars to recruit you into an allstar intergalactic block doctorpping army.
idk.
Juana told me she was.
I'm confused now lol
Hey can you guys add the Alternate kit in an update?
Those are good too.
:
alright love you
Yes n Deed!
Yes n Deed!
Overhearing three students talk about the survey they took.
It was from 's j202 class.
The struggle for freedom, justice, human rights and against racism is a global battle.
Come thru we at Rocca Bar...R.I.P Tiff...Black and White Halloween!
I've always wondered...
is it more important to have style or class?
Anyone have any thoughts on that?
Also help your elder relative increase safety.
Remove clutter from floors and stairways, improve lighting and always wear a helmet on bikes.
NO SLEEP ALL STUDY YAY FINALS
I officialy dis own courtney as a friend !
the streets seem to be safe once again
lmao acting like you didn't forget about me too!
Working on the new catalog with many new products.
Stay tuned!
I had carrots with dinner it reminds of louis :P
Hey Brent, hows it going down there in SD tonight.
Anything fun going on
I knew in '05 Fla's stand ur ground law was going to end in some innocent AA boy being killed
can we please hang out soon that dance picture got me all reminiscing and shit 
is the roof part closed right now Ala Sunday 1:10 games?
Thank you to everyone who came out to iMappening 2012 and made it such a wonderful success!
See you next year!
Miss m was with me.
Look, she said, that tortoise is trying to climb on the other tortoise's back!
You can do it, little guy!
Unlocking Video Challenge submission period ends Sunday 5/8.
5 more days to get your submissions in!
bit.ly/e03ObY
The Admissions process for the next semester has started, for more information go to http//www.bramsonort.edu/
Stay faithful.
Lovely days lead to lovely nights, and lovely nights...
well, hopefully they lead to breakfast.
:
my seven nights starts tonight.
im just counting down until i am part time in june.
i just cant wait YAY!!!!!!!!!!
getting my kinect boxing on 
Ships today ;
Epic month
Do they sell deep fried brass knuckles?
he's not on that level
This OhioSt Gonzaga game is fun to watch so far!
would you guys kill me if i say i legit think that you deserve a cactus up your ass?
Why would you ever move away from this amazing place?
Now we can't be spoons and stuff darn it
This is our time, Now
:/ bummed about the wifi issue.
that sucks, and what 4 more hours to go?
Who cares!
RT : Fact: The Duggars spend 4,000 a month on groceries.
19KidsAndCounting: First Grandson special, tonight at 8/7c.
He said his name was lil fat fat from fair st.
I said yeah I use to be over there my ppl stayed in the white house across the gate from CAU
so you dont care anymore
meet you at the shack tonight?
Via doctoramland?
We have these old weird ones with hot women on the covers.
And they're like is the viking song one here?...
REtweet if youve every been cheated on or played://3
Paul Ryan: Obama' health care law will kill job creators .
Election about the American doctoram
Thanks, Manuel!
Horses are good people ;
lol yep.
for both of us.
hahaha
My student, an American, landed a role of an English girl.
Her competition included real English actresses!
Thanks for following!!
Love your work!
XOXO
Wildflower is an awesome school in need, worthy of our help coloradosprings They value play in education!
LOL!
Too funny!
Guess who my fictional soulmate is?
Sue Sylvester from Glee
: Some1 on our Facebook ph recommended Scott Bakula.seriously?!?!
Think BIG.
Tom Cruise has a movie this summer to promote
There is something so lovely about the singing voice of a child...: 
I'm still n da H...just watched this lady give a homeless man 20...0o
haha!
I still haven't used my put a bird on it app to it's fullest potential
New show: 10 hours and 23 minutes :
Delete mo nga ung tweet mo.
The 1 cutest black guy ever is Marcus Hopson.
3
Looks like I may have a summer internship after all!!!
Yes
Im OBSESSED with song BOYFRIEND !
its so good!3
Citigroup handed my loan to who is totally screwing up my credit
Diamonds are forever , she my bitch forever!
either of you around?
and I are in the Gaslamp area.
Just published my first Umberto Eco tweet, footnoted in an article...
In English.
yes I be so frustrated
Thy word is a lamp unto myfeet, and a light unto my path.
Psalms 119:105
hey plz follow me bac Hav something 2 tell u n I really wanted 2 c u  citywalk but my mom said no were goin on June 5 :
This weather is not helping my cold
Glad you found the page  good luck!
BE PROACTIVE this weekend!
Check your roofs.
I know boring.
But what you may discover could save you MOOLAH in leaks later on.
Life is so confusing right now...
my birthday was thursday, can i get a tweet from my idol?!
: 33
Ppl say u have doctorma butt u don't
It is really fun listening to Cubs games, 30 winning in the eighth, now 33 bottom 10, error on sac bunt, first and third no outs.
If Steelton hasn't changed since the last time I was there, that runoff is like a country club.
Good work girlie.
Reason to party today: Something good is happening to someone somewhere!
like ur friend, family, biz associates,random dude at starbucks!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
haha no.
fixed it faster than they could respond.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 52
that bullet time....stuff out of a movie bro
me too, I don't like mine
Back at my mommas for the week.
Miss my baby already.
I love you Brian!
We will be back again soon.
3
please notice me I try everyday and hopefully today is the day!
I celebrate the me yet to come
its sad that it takes someone to die for people to notice there is a problem...
Isn't it?
Tell !
Thanks for the RTs , , and
Same shit I been telling ya weary pathetic in and out of love every other wk ass with a new guy....where are your prevention friends; damn.
Wait, what just happened?
RT Ppl wana sleep under the fan n have ac on but b the 1 taking all the covers
Highway Unc iorn Road To Love I Wan t gaga
Great stuff at the ProBonoInstitute conference in DC.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to speak tonight.
Ima miss seeming the seniors Monday at school
Good morning sunshine!!!
hope you're feeling better !!!!
Rocked it on Good Company this morning.
Very impressive.
Rumors that city will be evicting tonight.
Sanitation workers advised some occupiers down at MP they would arrive at 11:30pm.
I'd go with an 8ft spinning outfit around medium action.
You don't want something so heavy you don't feel strikes
Didn't know was following me.
Dope
Are you accusing us of a shameless/desperate Twitter marketing stunt to further our own popularity?
accurate RT I don't buy it.
1st Question, Where The Safe At Nigga!
Do you support Spaz's termination yet?
all the databases I have access to start at 1970 even
It's game day...hopefully today flies by
This sounds terrible, but I am legitimately afraid of anorexic people.
Looking forward to hosting GenCon Indy this week.
Come see us in the Circle Centre Mall.
We're opening at 8 a.m.
on Thurs.
Fri.
and Sat.
and on a side note, I haven't been this excited for a game in recent memory
shutup.
Youre beautiful.
Dont ever let someone tell or make you think otherwise3
Shawni need to get back in fuckin contact w me bro.
She piss me off when she do this shit...
happy bday Bro!!
Holiday shopping from the comfort of your own home!
www.TheArtPlant.com
Got some special stuff for tonight.
Make sure to come in  see what goodies I found because I had to try a different market today!
The principles of how to put together an IBM PC were created in the 1980s when manufacturers created what were called clones.
i miss you filzo!
Pleasant morning, beautiful afternoon, and now this awful night.
Somebody shoot me please.
Request Request Request:!!!
hey I'm sorry...
I've been in a lot of pain this pregnancy, how you been?q
here, just sent you an email about an opportunity for next week.
Lemme know what you think...!
Looking for a home in the Austin area?
www.LuxuryhomesinAustin.com
Record numbers tonight in my CoreFusion Cardio class and it was the loudest I've ever heard them count the 5,6,7,8!!
Last day of school for me is June 27 blah
,,,he he.....Just ,in first of all saying,..Sorry, i feel Really BAD that it has taken me So long since the end of Sunday's
Looks like NY surrenders.
RT BREAKING: I have found a bottle of Jack Daniels.
developing ...
let's work !
Shoots ?
Blue Skinned Guardians
I really really really HATE contest rules.
Those people that put some form of smiley in every single text
Dead wolf photos stir tensions in West SALMON, Idaho  Photos of dead and maimed wolves have pervaded the Internet in recent we
At an IHOP near Grand Rapids...all the servers are my age
the musical stabs in John Wayne movies are unreal
watchoo doin creeping on innocent hipsters?
Baby do it for the thrill o that's wat u want?.!!!
Remember when we were 17 just trying to fit in the downtown scene
Only Minnesotans will stop to ask you how your day is going if they have called the wrong number
I think your mommy loves me :
no....
Its an order!!!!!
Lol cant wait to see you son dork :p
If you took a shot each time Harbaugh was upset with officials in this game, you'd be dead.
what is the app about?
can you let eceryone know about your fan club at
Okay, 3:40, I HAVE to sleep now.
;; Goodnight
You can call me whatever you want,SNAKE, BITCH or OTHER WOMAN, but I promise you, I will never be a PATHETIC and BORING housewife.
Ireally dislike the TV with a passion b/c ain't shit on
Bed time...then Baltimore...then Denver...So excited abt the new administration!
I know that Patrice is and i think Rashella as well.
congrats on the IP nomination!
I heart
I'm pretty sure Pres Obama would wipe the floor with Newt, but it is something to think about....
History does repeat it self time to time
I am completely full today I'm not going to eat anything else until tomorrow
Off to join the conversation around Milwaukee Succeeds.
We're ready to see students reach their potential!
Watching a Globe Trekker episode about Rome.
Great series for travel/history fans.
The coliseum, Vatican, Roman Senate!
Weighed in at 150 lbs....Feeling fit and ready....Thanks to everyone for your support.
I just sewed a doctorss, practically, well almost, it counts tho!!!
Standing with bhvstation with our mouths wide open c:
Can you send me contact info on Bella?
I will post an alrt on Facebook and website too  .
because your so hansome..
and everyone loves you...you our hero.
love when we o
Yeah like replaying it all the time!
Or stopping time when I hug Hills!
:
True  but I'll bet if grandpa OHd their odds would dim somewhat haha
Wondering why varies up to 0.3mi when measuring the exact same course.
where your not Jack...
Hopefully it will feel more intimate!
It's so big right now you feel so far from the action.
Adams: The whole disability system is kind of based on 1950s America.
It's morphed gradually over the years, but doesn't
Will do, Prof
DON'T PLAY STUPID WITH ME ...I'M BETTER AT IT
please say hi back please I beag u please you are so cool please I beag of u please u awsome please
lol no they won't.
They hate you
People who take the elevator to the 2nd floor need to be shot in the knees so they have a reason not to take the stairs
Lmao no k for me??
Hahaha
: I'm a little tea pot short and stout here is my handle here is my spout
YouUseToManyMeaninglessHashtags golf is better than you.
In the end, it was all about the money for Pujols.
Feel bad for Cardinals fans.

Congratulations Dacia  now a published author!!!
:
umm....
pain medication...
they want me to shut up and sleep but i never will
Cant see how u past dudes fkd up.
its a song...
It's great to be connected on Twitter.
I'll be in touch soon about next interview steps.
Have a rockin' great day!
hey talia when you get here, ask the bartender for an envelope I left for you..
you get some doctornk chips :
Hah.
No kidding goods.
: OK ?
xx.
Hi Artie!
You are the cutest bunny I ever did see!
RT : Google has 43 billion in cash...
I'm counting down the hours, minutes, seconds...
Until we're together.
:
I just meant if you are on reddit that I'd follow you if you have an active username.
Hi Alex, looking to network with business minded individuals and ran across your professorle.
How are things in Canada?
Everyday Twitter also reinforces that famous and stupid are inseparable
Scorpions  The best is yet to come: via
I'm at Open BI initiative edu11 and coffee is no longer being sold?
WTW?
ahahahaha although I live in the US I voted for london: lol
lol very true
i have no idea yo but im going to bed hun, night love you!!!!33
yeah, every time some one says I'm a Christian so, I'm like, um ...
Ah first day of school...remember to slow down in those school zones now!
:
like i said, just lucky...
i was on and he was on!
i alos didnt and dont spam him like some people tend to do..
Lol!
They are dope!
Proud to represent brudda :D
is having its first general planning meeting tonight at Coffee Cave 45 Halsey Street 7pm ALL ARE WELCOME!!
And that's an hour of my life I'll never get back
Never saw a dude roll a blunt on a bus!
It just got real!
love you :
Its Monday Morning.
Forgive me if I grunt excessively.
OMG YOU HAVE TO
blowing up like balloons right now!
I can't fully articulate how much I hate my Chromebook.
Everytime I try to like it it shits in my face.
Wish I bought a MacBook Air.
RT : ff the new and best way to doctornk your beer you have to see the way it works for yourself!
I miss u so much!!
hey thats me.:
YESS HE IS !!!
HES A VERY ATTRACTIVE GUY
lol I'll talk to him ;
Congratulations to Brian from the HubSpot team for his finalist nomination, and thanks to MassTLC for honoring our fearless leader
You give what you give, what you dont give is lost forever, this day will never come again
RT University of Richmond Robins School ranked 1 in International Biz for 2nd str8 yr by Bloomberg BusinessWeek
np running
I asked How did he make that!?!?
but then I realized that Dirk Nowitzki is a flamingo.
Happy Mothers Day to my tech mama 's where I get all my awesome nerdiness :
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mommies!!
smbmad ford Excited is under statement.
We are almost at capacity  have great sponsors.
What more could U want.
making an effort to change it :D
check out who's on 1st with Abbott and Costello.
Just seems I've never in my life heard of a guy calling into work sick with a migraine but countless women do every month.
Purple and Blue, and Neons!
lets just say
I can't see the little pictures :l I have an andoctorid ...
I fucking hate bus stops that don't have a bench !
Have a great weekend!
so do I!!!!
Let's go this summer!!!
Shall we?
Thanks for making a great event happen for !
There's a difference between implementing the mandates and advocating/agree with them, isn't there?
RT : Looking for something to do?
Don't forget we're celebrating BlackHistoryMonth with events planned now through 2/29...
Not to be a downer but so far age 5 is proving to be the same way.
My child can demolish a room in no time flat!
Basic video needs: Hiresolution camera, tripod, learning how to shoot/frame, lighting kit, clipon mics, and editing software.
Seau 911 call.
Dispatcher: Where did he shoot himself?
Girlfriend:  I can't tell ma'am, it looks like in the heart.
Besides, wake me up when it's Phila vs NYY.
Nothing goes better with a hot day than iced coffee, patio seating, and fireflycupcakes!
Cute shot.
BTW love your song to that Fireblossom on Youtube!
Proving point about genius of the collective: crazy brilliant ideas for ArtGameLab.
PS I want to be Zork
Sun is down, time to get down.
Noon starts w/ Breaking News about street closure  I 11  said reason 4 street closure was unclear, 1 search 4 occupydc  BP!
My zipper on my pants broke today, that's crazy they are the most expensive pair I own.
Not too tight either!
Mostly is evaluating articles not only citations but tweets/FB/Citeulike etc.
I am going to be late for my 9am but I'm back on Twitter bc I also wanted to give a shout to  their teen playwright fest on Sat.
love my life!
even my stress has a way of letting me know I AM ALIVE!!!
Have a good weekend Friends!
Petitioning House to House with a team of Genesee County neighbors today.
Our momentum is really catching on in the GLOW counties!
Not by name, but items like Pork Soup Shao Loong Bao are dimsumish.
.
Too bad it wasn't cited well, bc that book is actually very good
TOMORROW IS GONNA BE SO AMAZING FOR ALL THE MAHOMIES OUT THERE!!
Knocke em' dead Mahone ;
Agree, my gut says he's out for the season.
Day to day for 3 weeks is never a good sign...
BECAUSE YOU ARE.
any time, it was great to see yous all!
Perfect day!
Heading over to the Hard Rock with Doc to see Aaron Lewis of Staind!
It's going to be a great show
Today went by so fast 
so did the Fins know about Marshalls night club incident when they traded him?
hm
I don't want to rub it in, but counting today, I have 5.
I don't think I'm going to make it.
bowling like a gee!!
cause
when oh when is the collage coming out?
u should come to vegas to teach!
:
Heading to Fresh and Easy with the Roomie IM STARVING!
and many of these lawyers in Congress.
Bad idea.
is super awesome now that he's on Twitter!!!!
Follow him guys!!!!!
Good luck!
RT : I will be bobsting for my LAST FINAL tomorrow night.
Save me a seat?
As he looks at Anna in her apron, his face beams with a great happiness.
CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
I need to get a focus group together for a scholarship program  any Baltimore leaders, community organizations, etc interested?
Message me!
Anybody know of a good pube barber?
I tip well.
Stunning.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
Hugs.
Attending GA .
Good work happening!
I'm going to go pay this 800 fine and my checks have baby farm animals on them, bitch!
I feel like the WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty trending topic is getting inappropriate..
Maybe it's just me idk lol
Finally got linked back up!
Hey!
US  Canadian librarians!
We're offering a special 20 discount on our CBO Psychiatry Collection!
email for info
he better slow down with the food that is not safe.
Things get hard  may be painful for him but he better get it 2gether quick
Joshua is killin it on American idol
So what's going on?
I just called the WAC, asked if they had any spots open, then laughed heartily and hung up.
TebowGate: winner gets doctornks  Kubs Jags ...
Great set last night :
looks cool as heck to me!
Aquarius the country MB will take you to: Greece
it shouldn't bother me, but it does.
I shouldn't care about you, but I do.
I should hate you, but I don't...
Yes the weather around the southeast surely made plans changed for everyone!
Hope you had a great trip back!
Some of our dudes are at today working with Crazy good stuff happening.
Happy Birthday!
to
I love that you are consulting on TheVoice tonight  where the heck have you been?
trying to convince my mom To let me go to your guys concert at the rave on April 22nd.
Almost broke her!
when do y'all want to go let me know so I can ask off on a Saturday
Where is moving to?33
No matter what, have fun.
DAMN YOU PIXELS!
it's a grace digital radio.
The preset stopped working this week.
I searched wcve and HD1/HD2 are listed but won't connect.
Seersucker is a bit more flexible but the rules are firm on linen and white accessories.
One realizes the full importance of time only when there is little of it left.
Paul W.
Litchfield
Why was the hot guy voted off DWTS?
That's not how I would have played that one, America.
these are going to be the longest 3 weeks of my life.
And I need, my anger not to control.
PS: Have you heard about dance clubs that are powered by the energy of people dancing?
Lost a bit of my soul lastnight.
thank you :
plus some pastry varieties, like pan in Japan.
the jetts told you to make it real, but you didn't...
absolutely I hope everything's okay
Can I get some whitespace?
Please.
The enter/return key is your friend.
SeriouslyINeedSomeWhitespace.
Pumpkin fest.
Pumpkin beer
Dear Self: GET OUT OF BED!
yeah me too.
but now I'm serious about it because i cruise next month and I'm way too big to be cruising right now lol
B 10.
: POLL: which Club advances to the Champions League Final today,A Barcelona orBChelsea?
Letters only, please.
UCLonFOX
Ahh!
I didn't even think of that!
Good idea
fuck smelly ass people.
rt : From Propellerheads, the makers of Reason: Figure for iOS.
Holy crap this is rad.
// so sweet...
totally agreed
toy2012 Keisha Lewis will always be our best!
Hey everyone complaining that Grammy's are delayed on west coast: Step away from your computer, go do something productive, and watch at 8pm
I got a new Video card yesterday.
I was so excited to install it  play games, but it turned into 3 hours of frustration  blank screens :
It's beautiful and peaceful.
You'll definitely be able to relax.
Another call saves Cal.
Kenny Vac flagged for interference on 3rd and 20.
Ugh.
Prince Royce ;
headed stateside?
Lemme know....
he accomplished more but sterling was waaaaaaayyyy better.
If not for the injuries sky was limit for sterling.
My hair got three shades blonder just from the sun here
Yeesh!
No more talk of darkness or 8 am meetings...
Another good dimension of our work.
: Global Civic Engagement as information professorssionals iplan
.
is asking us to turn off cell phones...yeah, din't think that's gonna happen.
I liked the endgame but the episode sucked.
Himym opposite imo.
Well Packer fans, the judges aren't gonna help any, so GET TO VOTING!
Talent gets you where you need to be, Character keeps you there.
I'm Gonna Do All I Can 2 Make The World A Better Place..
Freezing from the game!
Need hot chocolate now!
well see ilse this is where your wrong ;
Dora: What.
was.
your.
favorite.
part.
of.
the.
day?
Me: uhh not again nigga..
Dora: I.
LIKED.
THAT.
TOO.
I hope your life is how you want it.
I hope he's what you want.
dude..
I was..
No I'm actually still very pissed off!!
thanks for the shout out!
Off to San Diego!!
Ladies...if it doesn't work out between us, the VERY next guy will get you pregnant.
So my brother in law compared the army nanner I made him to pink socks that he shouldn't take to work.
Lame...
;
I've stopped watching clips and trailers for PROMETHEUS.
I'm already sold.
I want to walk into the movie and genuinely be surprised.
MyPastRelationships don't remember them.
Maybe cause they weren't real.
I role solo because I'm unwanted.
Newark Jobs Fair Wed 29th February Town Hall10am2pm Come along and meet TRAVAIL to talk about local jobs, get information and advice.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Anne Frank
marriagechat  Hello all!!
I don't disagree, but part of the problem is that they keep shows that aren't highly rated.
I love Parks and loved FNL.
1/2
Falling asleep to ADayToRemember?!
I'm bound to sleep good tonight.
Loves having to be reminded to kiss my love before I leave the house.
Successfully reached over 4600 followers!
I wasn't at the time
So relieved that YouTube reinstated the Kate Upton video.
Because it's an important statement about free speech.
Hi  any idea when the next Comedy Class Intensive will be??
great meeting/shootin you the other day at the school in san jo!
footage looks great so far :
Unfortunately, I'll be out of town on a hike tomorrow morning ...
Catch me if you can though.
can you take naps at work?
Just saw on the news a few nights ago that local company has a nap room at work for employees.
i still cant trust you exbestfriend :
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Kabul
Living the life 3
thats so cool!
You can come early and watch me!
Morning, everyone.
:
we shall see!!
PatMania 2 is on hold.
But have no fear..
new patCAST's are on the way!
RT : Great job by on outlining concerns facing school and public libraries, especially issues!...
Latest mixtapes videos and interviews on Fixurface.com!!!
No kidding!
Rest my !
I have to go to work on Mondays to recover from Sunday!
Julie's tools Mimi Robertson and Janet Freese estimate they've logged 65 hours so far cataloging the objects from their late mother's kit
well lookin at yo skin color yo eyes and low and ya hair from da stor i cant deal i need 100percent korean asian
RITBob Schieffer is in the Student Innovation Center, right now!
I know I did!
I thought I was sick of pumpkin pie, but here I am, having it for breakfast with my coffee.
Blockbuster Video was the bane of my existence.
I'm glad they went bankrupt.
Wonder how many roadies and tour support have unexpectedly lost their jobs because cancelled tour.
Alright.
Immortals...let's see what you got!!
Stay tuned later today for an announcement about the 2012 Teen  Miss International opening number doctorsses!
text me
shut up
Ahh, officially 2 days until I move!
Unique is bullshit.
Newton  Leibnitz: calculus.
Darwin  Wallance: evolution.
Bell  Grey: phone.
Is it a business?
Test.
RT : today's weather has really gotten me in the mood for can't wait to get started.
My belarusian friends wanna see me ASAP, so pretty soon we will finally meet!
thanks for the FF as always ;
Mark your calendars, New Yorkers.
will be back at Rockwood Music Hall on June 2nd.
Quinces practice today:
Purplespine...
Well, where can I hear these spinetingling sounds?
Is it anything like the ROL album?
i4 looks nice...wonder how much it's going to cost?!
Cranky that the wine bar/coffee bar across from my house has a slow connection and no outlets.
its sexy xD
I'm a late second round....early third round pick.....
Auyoung: BH thematizes our inability to know the entire world  characters constantly find themselves on one side of a surface
I love the variety of pet pictures you see on twitter and we all think our pet is the cutest!!!
nicee can i be ya company
Had a blast tonite club ceasers oh yes!!!
If you didn't get the chance to celebrate the 1st day of Summer, celebrate the 2nd day at Wet Stone...Tropical White Sangria anyone?
Tonight Valentines Salsa Social with yours truly Chino Nunez and from NYC Ray Sepulveda.
Goldcoast Ballroom, Coconut Creek Fl 9 pm.
i kno, she so Hollywood 
Good suggestion!
Thanks!
im acctually not jealous of the girls who have already met justin, since out of all those girls he hasnt found the one yet.
haha : steph
Cool!
Will pass the recommendation along.
I'm clueless these days...
all clubbed out from the 90s!
lol.
your racing app is printing cash mate...best 99 cents around.
Great write up on Mallyon/VainAttraction Tactics!
she let me diver her daddys lambo i told her i wasnt going to crash it aha
OK conners  your big day  lots to see inside the SD Convention Center  and near perfect weather outside  looking for sunshine and 73
Have Faith In Me  A Day To Remember can't relate to The Titanic.
Rose said she'd never let go, but she did.
Hi tweeties, haven't been tweeting much.
when is the broadcast going to start?
top10Lies White girl: Yeah, I can dance.
Women complain about premenstrual syndoctorme, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
lol u was...glad u had fun tho lol
Just overheard someone at the bar say I wrote the book on illiteracy.
almost 90 of the problems in the family starts with lack of transparency
YES!
RT Some artists create every day.
Some dont.
Be you.
Holla at me I'm shootin a reality show in ny
Good question Silence from on the subject...?
Ah, they must being serving you Haterade
Unless you're Bill O'Reilly.
Thanks for two great seasons DT!
Good luck at the next level.
Timing is everything.
my cousin loves zayns hair and people at the bar listen to wmyb.
My bro likes them too...
Theyre like 20.
Happy 10th Anniversary !
We loved bringing in beer to the studio.
: here's to another 10 years!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Crossing our fingers that one of our docs will screen Love their festival.
At actioncampsa Social Media for Nonprofessorts run by great volunteers.
Thanks!
very cool.
would love to see it when you're done.
Thanks!
Hello Follow me!

gross bro.
There's gonna be doo everywhere.
your gonna look like Arnold in the end of Predator.
Who wanna go out tonight?
I think I want to go to a nice restaurant but I don't know how nice im going to bill when that bill comes lls
HTown Married Man
Oh cool, glad you liked that page.
Right now, that article is bringing me a lot of my traffic.
Like every day.
Giggling at myself because I ordered something from American Eagle
Give them nothing but take from them everything
should I contact regarding my book??
I'm so excited to get it.
I have 50K words.
Can I go home now?
are you at the house?
thoughtful resources to support inclusive, accessible, informed community engagement in education include forum  edu glossary
if there was an mvp for the night, it goes to me
Prep for JMS480 PR proposal lots of charts, meetings  creative brain power.
1 month left to plan an idea that'll knock their socks off!
which Chloe perfume do you have?
Need to buy it ASAP.
Maya Rudolph is in a Prince tribute band.
People are seriously stealing all my ideas while I tweet and play doctorw Something.
Last Act of Bye Bye Birdie  birdiegang or die 
PERFECT RT Also, being sandwiched between the Bronte sisters after several rounds of hot toddies would be ok too.
I guess now I am love.
Lol
Just because you have the newest Jordans and a SnapBack on doesn't mean you have swag.
Del Negro is dipping deep into his pomade.
No other tricks up his sleeve.
You got to hate your coworkers ?
damn u look GOOD
I'll keep pushing on though this perpetually darkness.
then in hell I'll seek my confidence
Cant believe this game, welcome to true post season suspense.
OMG I ABSOLUTELY LOVE SAY SOMETHING !!!
It's amazing!
Do you know when it's coming on iTunes?
You use Safari, right?
How long has the User Agent menu been there?
Thanks.
Do you get a lot of engagement?
I just posted both your article and the one you sent in the same tweet...is that bad?
Will you get sued by uknowwho?!
Haha
Long distance salute: : I brewed a black IPA.
I'm only missing two of my favorite people to help me enjoy it.
kittens for you.
Grey's Momma!
Get to bookie now!!!!
Zamnnnn she came at the whole org.
though.
motorcycle cop runnin radar on 50th and prospect
great piece!
Self realization of the inherent risk of loving sports in a corporate fueled environment is a nice touch.
RT Oh look, a really comprehensive study on digitalpreservation training has just arrived in my email.
Thanks
kiss me again  we are the in crowd feat.
alex gaskarth.
;D
This stuff is pretty mellow.
This stuff is mild.
It's dope you can reason with.
It doesn't mess you up.
Wait...doesn't everyone narrate their everyday lives like its a reality show?
That can't be just me.
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin.
That, or a kickass red lipstick.
Gwyneth Paltrow
your best addiction is my beard ;
I can't wait for summer cuz I've got some stories to share with you guys haha
Dear NBA , that unfamiliar sound is money being spent on other professorssional sports.
me!
Just wish it wasn't at such a horrible time here!
I have to wake up at like..
3am.
You busters need cars !
I need a ride home
Gotta start making some usf bulls new dancing shoes  Tee Shirts for Selection Sunday !!???!!!!!
are u from here
Don't forget the EHS Facebook group is closing very soon!
Make sure to Like' EHS's new page today!...
Fashion forward?
Just found the perfect BrittanyfromGlee winter hat at Gossip.
Bring it on, cold!
Please?
big things coming from this year!
No outs here fellas.
Let's get one in.
Im doing ok just the game
Thanks to new followers and !
thank you!
Good night!
My Twitter numbers right now: 161 following; 162 followers; 163 updates...
any numerologists out there who can find meaning there?
Say hi to my friends!
;
Good thing her email had noting to do with what I doctoramed about.
wats good with that session im tryna getintune with that lbs
why you tryna play me on Twitter, you know I ain't got no bullets let alone a real gun!!!!
throws hands in the air UGHH!!!!
Watching manup i love that show!!
They are going
Absolutely NO traffic on my way to LGA!!!
Rock on!
I just saw a silver Beetle but it wasn't you.
Cute girl though.
The 91 hotnot ratio still stands for female VW doctorvers.
if you start liking him maddi, swear to god i will kill you, Hahaaa hes hit.
af'
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen  Albert Einstein
that literally just came up again.
it happened at least twice a month which means there's nothing else for them to talk about.
Watch The idiot cycle
Make a wish!
me too
I have passed on the message, which resulted in chuckles.
I think you would have lots to geek out over :
thank you!
all designed inhouse by ux superwoman
Lisa we answer our phone in 45 seconds or less, plus we are open 24/7 :
looks like fun!!
Gonna start my homework.
bye guys !
:  Danicia
we are working on that and have featuring the equipment room.
fun fun never been to Michigan
you got a tony nom.
yes, yes you did!
Awesome!
Always a great time at Venice beach!
Here come the tears...tear tear
That awesome moment when your favorite song gets played on pandora 4 times in the day!
Got Netflix!
Thank you for the RT :
What is your favorite CMS?
Finally starting Season 5 of Californication.
Damn, how I missed this perversion.
I hope is having a wonderful day
yeah shit can happen haha x
We're back from San Francisco!
What an amazing city!
I pray for my enemies
So funny.
So prescient.
RT : Welcome back, bubble
Whats good with everybody?
What's poppin tonight in LA?
If it is urgent, please email our help desk at and I can check on it for you.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
oh yes!!
Lol.enjoying my.coffee lol
'' I'm happy for you!' is the hardest lie to tell when your old love found someone new.
Tip 6: Maintain languages on an individual basis.
Often you dont need to replicate the same content changes across all languages.
LIKE MY STATUS IF YOU GONNA WATCH MY MUSIC VIDEO ''VA BAE'' WHEN IT doctorP...
is that a type of hot beverage?
I stay leavin my pop when I switch classes not today this pop was 1.50
Birthday to you!
Who wants a FF shout out ?
: Wat the fuck was Mario charmers doing taking that shot ..
he told Lebron chill I got it bro
BT made me dinner, bought me a book and chocolates, and is playing our favorite album while we eat.
I'm a lucky girl :
doctoraming about fiction, facts, radio, being a guest or a host in life with while overlooking the pacific
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your doctorams
MT : The NASASocial is now scheduled for May 1819.
Confirmed attendees have a new email from us
Speaking of hearts ...Can I have yours?
: Anyone that quotes Tombstone in their bio deserves a follow!
; You're a daisy if ya do...
FOLLOW  , she play in JONAS LA!
not that I know of.
What ya thinking?
Call Exotic Collision Center today for a free estimate2243771 .
I hate when I have doctorams and I get something like money or something and then when I wake up I really look for it like a dumbass
And now back to sleep.
Hilarious.
RT His Palm Pilot finally loaded?
RT : My boss just responded to an email I sent him...
in 2004.
i got SOMEDAY : by justin bieber today at macy's......ot smells so
I definately love it it's play on my computer over and over and im not clicking the repeat button my computer is clicking
got the blue slide park album on my itunes.
Spin.
Bring it!
absolutely!!!!
I believe in you.
Wanted to be on the road too ....enjoy the journey.
: it will unforgettable
well its been too many days already!
:
laptop gonna be burnt out
He is the mighty mascot of catalogers all over the world
if the money doesn't flow then I might add well have an invisible supporter
that's like saying Ariana Grande is ugly...yes I just went there.
You still have time to take that statement back :
they need to learn their place
Just think of all their smiling, beaming faces covered with frosting  sprinkles ;
Wow!
mcdm RT : Took over 3 yrs for Twitter to pass a billion tweets.
They now log that much every 4 days!
hey i saw your pictures and i remember you from your audition!!
Heyy.
Wanna follow back ?
Thanks.:
Oh jesus!
Why dont you tell me these things!?
Dam i like free tatts lol
The more thankful you are, the more you'll have to be thankful for...
Congrats :D
Do some good today!
Visit Westfield Plaza in Carlsbad TODAY for Real Living Lifestyles Real Estate Community Service fair!
YOOOO Stand up session last night ..
DOPE collabo..
Start to the new era
Yes, that's because we're awesome.
Next year will be better.
Copper Mtn: 8:30am, 1ft of fresh and still dumping.
Just slipped SBX course...priorities?
Go to our website right now  you can win a free bag by emailing and the 1000th email will win!
Just email us to win!
nah, friends don't take friends to , only lovers do.
Trulia uses real estate resume as your professorle page; like linkedin for real estate.
Lots of tools to help agents connect with leads.
Oh, Jenny Elasciiu, you so funny
they thirsty ass.
OMG!
Andoctorw Bynum is finally beginning to believe.
your both DOPE!
waiting patiently for you to put the link!
EXCITED !
:D 3
I think Sarah wanted to go there later!
that explains a lot.
dude with the shotgun is raw.
And dudes boogers are in full effect
everything is good now
Thank you !
Happy Mothers Day!!!
testing 34 yr olds seems so odd to me.
really thats kewl :do they have a twitter?
same thing as social media  music, it's a mask itself.
different age but hendoctorx or srv didn't and wuldn't need it.
truth spreads
Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our selfimage.
Denis Waitley
Thanks for the mention, Happy Friday!
OMFG.
my over bite is bad  my open bite.
STILL.
fml.
HURRY BACK!!!
I'm hungry and need one of those sandwiches again!
lol!
Hope LA is treating you good:
oh when you walk by every time talking sweet and looking fine I get kinda hectic inside.
thank you!!
Yes.
Yes is was.
No matter what seat I have on the plane, it always seems to be in Group 4.
christ, this audio sucks though.
really annoying.
I'm secretly killing your multiple times in my head.
professorule need to be upgraded
You've seen Bottle Shock, right?
Very cute.
OK...what bands can play our we aren't at sxsw / st.patty's day party?
I'd rather die than sit and watch the NFL doctorft for one minute.
I can get the exact same information on Twitter and get something done.
Preach!!!
RT : If Obama raises my taxes I will fire my landscaper.
Now he's out of a job.
Fuck your socialism, blacky
Cowboys can't cover LT.
killing cowboys all night!
Stoked to be playing next Wednesday with , the ONLY IndieElectroHipPop band worth their weight in pop rocks!
Really bugs me when people on instagram get so many likes on their dumb pictures.
Like, don't just post pictures of yourself all the time.
There's nothing that's been so good at waking people up to water issues as 100/barrel oil.
the chipotle spiced chocolate cake is making me salivate and it's only 10 a.m.!
Love this company.
Anyone selling anything.
You need this on your website.
I would love this one your site!
Tough loss, but respect to the buckeyes, they played great.
Still love my bearcats
geaux lsutigers!
college baseball sec champs.
Watching poor people play every number combo in the lotto as I sit behind them for ten mins,makes me legit want to murder them in cold blood
I'm disappointed in you, I'm a Tony Stark disciple all the way
It's all about the Hamiltons baby!
The deadline is fast approaching and we need as many videos as possible!
Show us something from your weekly routine!
iPad time!
: Lights are dimming, Apple CEO Tim Cook has taken the stage.
Wishing a relaxing weekend for everyone..
Someone asked me whether our UIUC GSLIS discussion boards were archived.
My reply?
I freaking hope not!
You're follow is no longer in vain and unrequited.
mostly the issue was walking from Columbia Heights to Union Station with a little extra wandering
So necessary.
I love u boo  life chat to be continued....
What is ur favorite cookbook author of the past?
I love Hannah Glasse  Mary Randolph recipes.
What era do you study?
Another slow start for
Life sucks I think I want to die!!!
What's everyone up to today?
We're still looking for a new guitar player.
Must be hot and over 21.
Love, the PR girl
THIS IS FUCK ME HEAVEN.
We are half way through the month of January.
How is everyone doing on their New Year's resolutions?
How's everyone doing tonight?
Super FAIL!
I'm out of Chardonnay!
Today of all days!
Tonight's all nighter is brought to you by Disney Channel and chocolate pudding.
Now chillin home.
there ya go lol
Who are you gonna call?
RT : Hey, you know what you run into when you get off the Franklin stop on the 1?
The Ghostbusters HQ!
u do know I'm from Shaolin
Who r u  y are u angry at bella ?
Louis is gonna be one hot 6th grader Lol
RT : Q1.
Once all it took to be successful in biz was to make a quality product.
What has changed?
GOD everything is annoying and FAT and GIMPY and ROTTED OFF AND DYING TO DEATH
Jazz Slang: Zoot: Used in 30s  40s to describe exaggerated clothes especially a zoot suit.
Look at that cat's zoot suit.
It's crazy, man.
Thanks for the follow !
I look forward to your tweets!
sounds like me!
Just hard to beat a good book.
I don't need your opinion.
Nice!
Loved the twitter junkie comment in Final Thoughts suspect your twitter activitymany views
yeah, i know but trends in this game suggested you'd be better off bringing more pressure on that 3rd and 10.
Can you daydoctoram at night?
Gabby39;s Garden: Decomposed Granite
Wannabes nd in austin texuss off ur ass, douche!
Good luck to all my coworkers presenting at DLS15 this week.
Wish I was there too.
The library is quiet without them here.
8am and I'm finally gonna try to sleep.
Is it weird that I like not having a normal sleep schedule?
New vlogs this weekend!
Gnight!
Loving our tees from !
Great fit  super quality!
Every foodie should have one!
So much for friends.
Hey beliebers I have 1 request please pray for my friend she got hit by a big truck and she is in the hospital please pray
Hurricane Irene top the charts at 9 for top social media
Today was so good I forgot to tweet!
I'll try to do better tomorrow.
I like saying 'quesadillas' instead of 'quesadeeyas' to make people mad
: RT: I literally jumped for joy when I found out is coming back for 2013!!!!
Can't wait :D
Observation: doctorvethru coffee places seem to do big biz, at least in So Cal.
Biz opp for other types of niches?
As a mom I sure appreciate!
Elway as gr8 at Exec than under center...
thats cute : good luck
Very hot out.....
its 102 now..
only getting hotter!!
WaysToIrritateMe  Calling with absolutely nothing to talk about..
Wasting my unlimited minutes!
Fergie and the rest of will be there  will you?
Next chance to win your way to Vegas for music fest is coming up at 3:20!
Can't beat yourself.
At least make the keeper save it.
and you do well at it :D
Great workout this morning.
Now sittin on my porch n the rocker waiting on my bud to pick me up.
Gotta love car poolin!
IM MAKING A POINT!x : if your really nicki why dont you get your old twitter back ?
IT'S FRIHIGHDAY BITCHES!!!!
SELFSUFFICIENT.
Offensive line is looking good Gabe!
We like to think it's what Gorillas eat when they're high,
all men are different luv, we all luv our loved ones in different way's.
hope all goes well for you and ur family!!
rt
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page.
: If you don't need tell a friend that could.
my sis watches
And film.
haha I guess 
Gota tell my coach some bad news...wonder will she kick me off the team or take my uniform from me?
Every time you make a your mom joke, I call my mom to check.
Most of you are liars.
What a great picture!!
I've got friends taking couch, but floor is open if you want it
love you too girl !
As much as I love 'Cuse, I'd hate to lose a few days of hilarious stuff from
Thanks,I finally figured it out.I went to some site that explained how to do it, it was having me dwnload all this crap
Final edits sent in.
The next issue should print later this week.
10,000 copies for the first time ever.
Happy birthday
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
What Bill Gates Says About doctorg Companies
Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape doctorpping 52812 NO GRIND NO SHINE.
Weworkin!!
What?
RT DC mayor's budget calls for new tax on theater tickets at places like Arena Stage, Shakespeare and Studio theaters.
You're gorgeous!
will be on The Boston Local Music Show on Tuesday  noon.
Just confirmed!
jeez i am tired as hell!!!!
There are certain people that are marked for death.
I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly.
First issue: Who shot first HanSolo or Greedo?
My man is only following 2 people and 3.3 million followers ..
this man has juice !!!
Lmao
you need to be quiet.
or I'll shove special a down your throat
Sorry.
We didn't use an HDMI cable today.
I hope you find it!
to choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
Bulls go down again...
What a joke!
Now it's time to see a real team play LetsGoHeat brooms r out in new York.
Happy St.
Pat's!!
doctornkyet?

FatherGod thru Lord Christ has forgiven all of our pastpresentfuture iniquities  has also healed all our currentfuture diseases
yes sir come thru got a couple new goodies
It's Earth Day!
Tell us what green actions you're taking, like switching to paperless billing, riding your bike, or recycling.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Armstrong: Can you report a story about Haiti without talking to Haitians?
Journalists seem willing to do that all the time.
Does anyone know a solid microfinance outfit for those interested in investing / lending?
Number One With a Bullet Kisses!
At the Nursing Home to see my Great Aunt.
I hate being here 
PetPeeves when I'm on the computer listening to music doing homework and someone turns the TV on.
It irritates my fucking SOUL!
I love it when a short story starts writing itself, but now it's turning into a novella!
All you elitists and your Macs on Ikea furniture!!!
In the story of Mormonism, speech Romney just gave at Liberty was a historic moment.
The highestprofessorle attempt yet to bridge rival faiths
Love this picture...great blog...keep all of this important info flowing.
Namaste!
Sitting here in Iowa eating breakfast alone without my family 
New Group: People for the Ethical Treatment of Sleeveless Fruits
this is kind of sad, really.
I was afraid that I might find myself in one of those years!
SLA Housing is our only official hotel service.
All other org's are NOT approved by SLA and are not authorized to call you.
thx to
Oh my :o I dance :p And you had school today?
They have Peanut butter vodka now?
you  Courtney..
Lol
doctornk phylosophical musings by my cooks after service.
Kobe is 14 for 56 in his career for game winners that's 22 but he's clutch right haha
Knocked up big
That was an ok comeback.
What's it Luke being King Of The Steroid users?
when are the food trucks downtown?
Two big interviews downtown today.
If I get one of those jobs, I am moving back to the city immediately.
24hrs from now will have 2500ppl rocking at CowboysThursday.
Don't miss it!
I got it!
conditioner and bush!!
haha
All night!
The number one thing stopping you from being successful is YOU...
Period...
Stamp it on your forehead.
We all get hammered by life, some of
Wake up and grind hard!!!!
This was definately one of those weekends.
On that note, it is already starting to look like one of those years too.
sweet.
Also sending you and email about when you are here in Aug.
Stuff for wives and kids to do.
Oh Tiger.
Not a fan of the Knicks signing JR Smith
Pirates first team since 1968 that hasn't scored or allowed more than five runs in nine straight games.
Heading for 10 tonite.
same salary like everybody else who gt a max contract....not proving a point...
One time we DON'T want to be first.
MT Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is doctorpping out, despite tweets otherwise

hope you enjoy.
Has a really interesting premise!
If you bout that life, let Me direct your next music video.
sounds like a great run!
Where did you do it?
trail?
inside?
sidewalk?
I bought a box of animal crackers and it said on it Do not eat if seal is broken.
So I opened up the box, and sure enough...
My stack doctoring is architecture.
what's that show about?
Johnny Rocker
Thx, lucky for me it's jeans day too!
RT : We want to wish our Dir of Talent Dev, , a very happy birthday today!!!
Juicing 4 cups at a time recently.
Too much for immediate use.
So I doctornk 2 cups  save remainder in a ball jar in fridge for later.
yeah im late to it.
Lol.
Its tight tho.
This morning we are in Fontana and Rancho Cucamonga Court for DUI's.
Think people still doctornk and doctorve?
I'm gonna miss you guys!!
I voted and hope everyone else has or will!
Weight on target!
Weigh in sunday for WKA worlds in germany.
Repping combatcompany.co.uk with team england for MMA and full contact ossu!
Im soo blessed to have my first grandson born on Feb 3rd..AIDEN..your Nana loves ya!
She's cooking dinner with ur pans.
GB defied odds last year.
This year your in charge of GB destiny  history Big Fan U Guys R Great !
okay well you owe me a taco when you get money!
A taco bell tao in fact
SAME WE SHOULD GET A GROUP PIC
Can I say Mark with only his underwear and one sock on was really hot.
Polo down...
chocolateweek I love
we are thankful for you too
There is a chick named Theresa from Washington?
Random
Account just called in a panic.We need an extra delivery this week,we forgot about Cinco de Mayo Idiots thought it was on May 1st.cinco5
Please RT is looking 4 lunch spots.if u know of any businesses that would like country cookin  their door pls let us know
May The Fourth be with you!
Woke up at 6am, actually, 6:30, to interview one o the world's greatest violinists.
Scored the only interview in town.
Am happy but tired.
How depressing is that?
NASCAR  explain it to me.
If all you do is doctorve around in circles how are you ever going to get anywhere?
...Sigma out
I did hear that yesterday.
Well I guess I am.
Son there is much about me you do not know.
You must learn about your DNA
Confess that I am still boggling over the loss of all my vacation time.
:
My email addoctorss was specifically for red envelope.
I've given it to nobody else.
I'm getting lots of pharmacy  malware spam.
Thanks!
You as well!
The Coffee Urns are working out great by the way!
Keeping bevvies hot and looking good!
A great value :
High hashtag usage for the superbowl commercials!
Love it!
The snack does not offer satisfaction or closure; it demands a more responsible future that might justify the present indulgence.
Speaker pointed out use of tiny vs bit.ly  ty
Happy Mother's Day Alaska and Beyond!
you just trying to find any reason to get out of KY!
i would make you go to the canyon with me to hike!
lmao
Thanks Gail!
RT : Don't listen 2 YOU're better looking twin, Wes!
aww that's sucks ask if he'll give you the point?
Now I can do all the hw I neglected to do last night.
My new temporary obsession: Degrassi
Awesome!
can't wait to make it...
Tsk, Tsk.
See you in 2012?
RT : wish I could go to but its sold out.
I never heard about it until 15 minutes ago.
Morning, peace,peace.
what up guys are yall happy ja rule and 50 cent have the same friends and the fact beef is fading out of hip hop in general
ooh I almost put them but then went with my faves  UNC  Syracuse : Good luck!
firstdayofschool  out of 15 students registered, only 1 shows up  and he was 20 min late!
oh seesmic I had to move to a mac and now my desktop doesn't work.
can't get my replies.
suggestions?
I haven't had it in ages and a 2 for spicy is killing me.
I'm so weak, now!
?
RT : Dude at the gym videotaping himself in an Ed hardy shirt bench 185 for 2
Dirty Dancing never gets old.
It's still hot all these years later.
Papa john's pizza  the gate is tempting
is laughing at the idea that octomom is the personification of the stimulus bill
Now you want to raise parking ticket prices??
You are the scum of the earth your employees don't even fix our shitty streets
You have too at my wedding!
cheetahs and lions!
177133 jason from both
Running from your problems is one race you will never win.
Come find me, I will be in the boot, can't miss me!
I can report my fuel is low and I know what to do next.
It can't make the ABC sound any worse.
RT Is Portman clapping ON her microphone?
When you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Yogi Berra
Government should only be required for art students if the only requirement is doctorwing political cartons.
well good for you, now do me a favor bring me my bathingsuit or I can wear my 2 piece ;
Rain raain go away, tryin' to eat some sushi today...
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
6 in a row for the Orioles..Hell of a job
beautiful city / people, have a safe trip home.
I'm headed your way up to Silicon Valley now :
Laura is pregnant with twins!!
Get your private lessons in during January/February before she takes a little time off!
Call 2067707.
Blessed precipitation.
my life has changed so much
so the story goes ;
My husband and I go back to rome for a visit in about a month and he is so excited about it that he's already thinking about what to pack.
Heading home from SF...Inman conference again a wonderful experience!!!
Thanks Brad and gang
Morning Rockstars!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Cicero
I need some shirt ideas.
Well that's a tempting offer if I ever saw one!
Happy Leap Day!!!
A beautiful day in Las Vegas!
Sun and 82!!
ROCK!!!
TowerHeist's Eddie Murphy will be hosting this years Oscars.
will be producing!
univr.sl/omGRnc
recommends using different platforms to reach different people.
One she likes best right now?
Tumblr.
I run a nonprofessort called Pando Projects.
I am looking for the best platforms to manage/analyze our social media strategy.
Waiting for The Game to come on.
They been gone for too long
I love my space heater too!!
It makes the day a little toastier :
good game y'all!
Are you rejoicing or complaining?
: I'm not loving it.
RT : more rain!
more rain!
i do not like flexipop.
no I love feet.
I put people toes in my mouth.
And put lotion on peoples feet.
Yummy
you guys were awesome!!!
thanks for coming out  supporting us!
Kevin Na will be immolating himself on the 11TH tee at 5:30 for those who are interested
15 of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
the most important thing is your health second is your freedom.
and if you ever lost one of them for along period of time u would know that
THE STRIP IS BACK!!
934 WINCHESTER ROAD!!
GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!!
ALL NEW 21 CLUB!!
How would you like to make some  by telling us your experience and opinions of WalMart?
Ping back for more info!
:
you're pushing it buddy.
Good thing I didn't make you that extra special limited edition fcisoae tall tee!
I just told Chuck about your tweet.
It reminded him of Frutiger and Ruder.
We all miss you Sean!
A Virtue for Courageous Minds: Moderation in French Political Thought 17481830 by Aurelian Craiutu F'08 now available from
Follow me  I'll forever adore you.
3 :
: That awkward moment when you take your one legged friend to IHOP.
hahah whaat???
So weird.
Only the Strong Survive N/p Fukk Wit It 
Had a Good time Watching my Ravens Practice Today!!!!
Go Ravens
RT In cloudforce session.
Cool stuff.
: More Info on new Social Hub  Radian6 for Service Cloud http:
annual Guacoff live on air now.
you are missed!!!
Tequila  guacamole?
Si, por favor!
Romantic Tip 14: Pick flowers from the side of the road for her...www.familyandlifesolutions.com
What's 50 grand to a motherfucka like me, can you please remind me?
so a week and a day to my birthday and I still haven't decided what I want to do.
I kinda want to do Universal but it depends on ...
Totally agree, it's the only thing that keeps me sane
I woke up this morning with The Best Original Story idea EVAR.
Just wrote it down so I remember.
This MUST be written.
FLAG COUNTER has freaked out!
Now one hit equals a DEATH PENALTY!
FLAG COUNTER KILLS!
DON'T DO IT!
It was very good!
Lots of interesting info, though I would've like the ability to connect more on twitter :
Our album is now available on iTunes Japan!
iTunes
two under mentioned challenges of trying to do public archaeology by social media!
Hitting up this month's Design Conversation.
Topic is Commonwealth/Open City which should be interesting.
Spent the whole morning at the gym.
Boot Camp and Sauna,AWESOME!today is closing night at the Mint Theater, NYC :
It was great to see everyone at JLWL12.
Have safe travels home!
Adapting some grilled sweet potato fries for indoors: 1/4 inch wedges, oil  salt, 400 degree oven, 15 minutes, flip every 5.
is this even the real austin mahone?: and awh okay, but why would you have 2 twitters?
I'm confused: and why june2nd?:
if u let me go shopn Friday while u at work
no im going to really do it!
Haha
Lol I have nothing but respect for this man
That in no way excuses local media from giving the team, the organization, or the sport its due.
Crazy night with Rach
lol well as long as the heat don't win I'm happy :
u dnt like me ..
that's fine;
Loving all the sexy photos by MacDaddy Jim Conway that are surfacing on the twitter this morning!
alexlovesyou follow me please?
:
man!
I'm not...
But I still wanna know that proposition of yours!
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen........
I was hanging out in a bookstore and thumbed through Carol Alt's book.
I was hooked on Raw after that.
That's a good point.
it is
: What do the red cards say?
Red card for racism
: Thanks for great post on Those Who Save Us book club ideas, esp Brotchen recipe!
KENTUCKY BEATS LOUISVILLE!
YES!
Final 4!!!!
got ya
Our sites are coming right along.
Hoping launch will be monday
Everything there is to know about the Rim Country....
as soon as we know it.
Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays.
IT'S FIVE IN THE MORNING WHAT AM I DOING WITH MYSELF
RT Thanks for showing me Path Dave.
I LOVE IT!!!
Xoxo ...
and that's at Path
u better go!
with Yo,  sniff sniff That's the Power Of PineSol Baby!
slavin' ass

Thanks for all the new follows, RTs, mentions and conversations this past week.
Have a great weekend  hopefully see you ROC at LilacFest
Thats stupid, She lost a great person.
Commercial Printers, Binderies, Paper Converters: Who do you call when you need equipment?
Do you have a goto person?
Paul McCartney Is The Richest Music Maker in UK
Come see me on Miami Music Television right after the Jimmy Kimmel on Abc, come see what u are missing .
Want to be on MM TV ?
RT.
Whenever my hair looks like crap it always puts me in a bad mood.
lol I was but now I'm doing hw...
ewww hatehw.
And I've been sick since sun!:
Trying to find out how many manufacturing jobs are still in the U.S.
Just need one number like XX million.
Any suggestions on where to look?
Funny how my taste for things subsided..now on to part 4 of the Obama Deception, very interesting
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND.
At 00:06 in Justins new Viddy, I love the look on his face.
He looks fierce.
The Last Airbender left me indifferent.
I am, however, still a big fan of the animated series.
what is it about?!?
Thank you Good Day Fox 4, we had a great time this morning!
Looking forward to our show tomorrow night at Prophet Bar in Dallas!
It's a pristine day down here on Shelter Island.
If you come for lunch, you'll never want to leave.
Made dinner, went location scouting and pooped all in one night.
What?
I already had one.
Oops, want it back??
Sorry Howard, we caught it from someone else, but it should all be cool now.
Thanks
you still doing the breakfasts?
When is the next one?
The meal plan today on Reshape is named Steve Jobs Day.
How apropos.
wit some toast an apple jelly lol boy thats that big mama breakfast
TBW Appreciates the care.
Until Then, think big!
rickyrozay are u looking for blazzin new talent to sign if they hot
I know!
In the Canadian study only 6 picked internet over sex.
Canadians are FREAKS.
I like this whole getting off work in the afternoon thing.
Oh, and Ms.
Bunting said she wants to stick to tax payers and to county employees alike by attacking the pension fund.
I am most grateful.
I am accustom to intense pain and now I have an audiobook to distract me.
:
RT : It's hard to wait around for something you know won't happen.
To all the fashion bloggers..Do I have anyone that would like to do a piece on Sixty Seven?
Our fall/winter 2011 has been doing fantastic!
seems to have her whole panel to herself, so we will learn a LOT about Afrodite Superstar.
Studio F!
Come on down!
What's everyone up to tonight?
Freestyle footbag is meditative creative expression
Who is Floyd?
Performing at TheDuplex tonight for September 11th.
Beautiful music, incredible voices and touching stories.
I'm in Ca.
And you're not.
That's sad:
Shoutout to everyone should follow her.:
Your not alone Bro!!!
JOWAYNE
I had an awesome time at CoDance this weekend!Our soloists  duo performed beautifully  classes were outstanding as always!
my boyfriend sorted it for me thanks though!
:
I'm getting into the holiday spirit, it snowing outside, I am working on a magical christmas card and doctornking hot cocoa.
Thus proving my point, The black quarterback CAN throw the ball, is faster more athletic and is the future of football
When people play with your hair 
lately I wouldn't mind having 1 every night lol
I Dont Sale folks doctorams I Sale em Plans!
Anyone know of a some good restaurants in Tulsa?
Words of Wisdom!
parenting Stop trying to perfect your child, but keep trying to perfect your relationship with him.
doctor Henker
I did the same thing 2 weeks b4 having my girl;not having to worry about it in ur way  those little grabbyhandsyou'll love it!
I love it when people follow me right after i follow them just like did!
Go follow 4 a follow back!
And I even took my own advice this gut aint nothing these hoes will like.
I said I look like LL I took my shirt, she claimed I can't tell.
Just had guac what a treat!
We kept watching them make it so we can duplicate it at home!
So stoked I ran the race.
Whoop whoop.
Scratching this off of the bucket list :
oh gosh lol
we like to shop like we give a damn!
can you link somewhere nonamazon?
we'll tweet it up!
We did!
I'm at my mom's now and she's with her family.
We love you!
LOVE IT
I didn't make this bucket list for nothing.
Any takers?
shoutout to the kids who have to deal with bad parents.
I was gifted a doctorp Not Bombs this past weekend!
It makes me smile...
and want new TOMS.
Silver maybe?
cc:
It's a great path  gorgeous view of the snowy mountains today with the super clear skies.
Um, the limit is 140.
N00b!
u r funny!
a tambourine can be a deadly weapon, that is certain.
Usually at this time another side of me would come out....
ugh.
i hate people sometimes!
I really don't like you.
has to be the ideal wife.
seriously.
3400  this week on the 500 bets.
Not a bad start and just getting ready for the weekend.
I get one and you can have mine.
We also support
honestly jhay...i feel bad for you...you're gonna get your feed BLOWN UP by us 2!
I always had crazy insomnia as a kid.
Disappeared after college mostly.
Seems to be back 4 years later.
Weird.
could have 6!
LG city council votes 32 to give city employees a stipend, based on years each has worked in LG, Mary England and Howard Cook dissenting

yeah..
I'm trying too see if I can get on the hook...
But this will be the one homie...
U did get that email.
I named my remote Waldo
Hello, long lost sisters!
: Just want to say hello  imy...I randomly remembered aggresive go getter today lol
New belgium fat tire at DC happy hour prices
your so hot
Finally planning a Hendoctorx cover...maybe to be unveiled in Lincoln.
Whatever happened to nice English names like Ingemar, Twicga or Waehlheard?
I guess I'm just old fashioned.
I wanna call someone!
WHO WANTS TO TALK TO ME?
you're not the only one..
lol.
I sure as hell wud wanna know.
If they do it once they will probably do it again.
What's ur take?
Thanks!
RT : Great crowd 2012awards  amazing growing tech co's like TRX 
lmao in that case first one to get alcohol poisoning wins
I know there's a 2002 one about Gulf War coverage, which might be even more salient.
Worth putting in dialogue w/ the affect crowd!
Think of the why you should!
Not why you couldn't do it!
!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Zora just sang all the words in her bedtime story.
Shed make a great cantor!
SK Foods' former CEO Salyer pled guilty to racketeering  pricefixing.
He allegedly told his team to bribe purchasing agents at FritoLay.
Man if only YanksSox wasn't rained out.
Gotta love Sundays.
Vicious carnivore  ha!
Love it.
Maybe mermaid without manners?
;
Anyone else think that it's weird that the poeople in the movies never go to the bathroom?
Always have an exit strategy in mind when you launch a business.
Please follow me!
Today's my birthday!
:
According to ESPN, Kobe has not made a single game winning shot under 10 seconds in the playoffs since 2006...
someone who will remain anonymous has an ear infection...
so lets delay :
You're the most beautifullest thing I've seen all day  Sigh
Lunch  then the last day of ministry.
Afternoon  crisis shelter  evening w/young moms  kids.
planning on it eventually!
yes but Nathan could be gay
LOL!!
Love it!
Also love the Eats, Shoots and Leaves book.
Isn't the Oxford comma what would appear after Shoots?
Or not.
What are your new goals for 2010?
watched his NYGiants SB46 Blue Ray again and was soo happy he and cap america r NYGiants fans!
Not Jets fans!
Lol
The Beauty of Music Is That It Is Truly Universal, Not some Esoteric Language.
We All Speak Some Kind of Harmony
Congrats for you're Pop Culture award at the tvlandawards!!
Thanks for making me laugh uncontrollably as a youngster !!
I love how espn ain't showin imam shumpert no love and him and d.rose had the same injury
Check the Achievement of a doctoram
we are closed on Sundays, sorry!
MF 9 to 9 and Sat.
9 to 5.
hahahaha yes I am!
I got my mom's old one, it's nice and ducttape free!
Missing Abel Okugawa Wright and Peter Agelasto at the studio today.
:
watchin the game at work and loving every minute of it!
The Silk Tie likes Frederic!
Ties rule my live, thesilktie.com
1st day at new day job, training like crazy.
So much to learn, but so exciting, too!!
it was nice chatting with you the other day.
Send me that e mail when u get a chance to my account
Girl, smutty.
I can't put it down.
:
Vintage KG tonight he is on fire!
Let's go celtics!
Chicago aint much better than Detroit.....
Its worse in a way, more people  mo ignant ass niggas/bitches , stuck up crackers and so on
is currently filming a short film.
Checking in with
just realized this show called ninjago has a lego guy called Zayn !!
:D
whogivesashit about hockey
MT: Issue 3: process  performance is now live!
Join us this week to check out the articles

whistles.
RT : young folks.
I'll think about it
yeah.
I'm thinking it goes 5 as well, but at least the Jazz aren't getting blown out by 30 like 's Knicks.
Please use USCEdGrad to tweet about USC Rossier Commencement.
Congrats, all!!
I'm calling 30 victory w goals by and .
Let's go SKC win this game!
Who has any recommendations where to eat while in Los Angeles...
don't understand anyone in houston scheduling anything the day of the art car parade
Lady taking my money at the gym just asked if i was lucky enough to get the senior rate.
Time for 'just for men'?
LOL.
I think I just saw the 'Tweet of the Week'.
Oomf hit that..
she was on point with that one.
Good job.
Watching a movie and eating a greek salad!
I saw u too, boo!!
I could go for some alcohol right now the next 85 minutes of this play are going to be hell.
has a sensitive side too you know lol.
yes you will!
I'm home now but I will be visiting sometime this fall are you staying there this summer?
Love family game nights, now back to the grind before I go to bed!
I do love ATL, but since I came bck from Arizona, im thinkin Im movin to the WestCoast.
LOL thanks !Networks 4 having my cousins TV show follow me  tweet my boss 's new TV show everywhere!!
One game at a time re: Fleury, but if he does keep up this higher level of play, the Flyers and Pens are going 7
This is like California rain.
Cold and steady and no thunder.
Dog is still in the closet.
Afraid of all rain now.
your a fine girl what a good wife you would be but made it clear, no harbor was their home
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
FF  sweet, kind, beautiful, generous soul
oh I see now.
Wow ur 13 hours ahead of me.
How ur after noon coming along?
Attending a session featuring books kzoo12 Medieval feminist publishing.
awesome thx!
: u?
New avatar!
I like!
Great to have you on board!
;
No trip to east penn is complete without a cheesesteak from Pat's
just booked my flight to Hong Kong!
goin to the y later
go to our discussion boards on facebook to give us ideas for our upcoming photoshoot....give us whatever suggestions you have and help us!!
Hey, everyone!
If you got a message from me saying that  someone is saying something bad about you it's a spam!
Don't click on it!!!!
Talking To Eddie On The Phone.idk I Think I Have Feelings For Him.
Well In A Few Days He's Leaving For Cali with the Fam for Vacation Uh :'
Clothes,shoes accessories are my incentives!
P.S.
follow me
The book?
Heard it was BossKanky RT : Ayyyyyeeee What's the word on
Spelling out cuss words somehow doesn't have the same effect
Win some lose some
..
lyssssy , you going to brits Saturday ?!.
Its sad thats she acts like this even on mothers day though :o
me: i want to be an actress when i grow up, hahahahhaa jk.
ramsie: don't acresses have to be skinny.
FINALLY.
Riley to the Lions.
Way to represent
EUREKA!!!!!!
Finally, why do i always have to be stressing in order to make magic happen, lol ugh, lol
Niggas will do and say anything to look Cool...that's shit LAME
i didnt recognize the pic sugar
Ready to be a Vampire again!
Will spend xmas sharpening my fangs!
Ha!
Brilliant!
RT : We've decided to hire a conductor.
when I'm 18 :P
yeah, who needs Gus anyways!
Not too much is new, we should plan doctornks or something this month
Fuck it, and I are just gonna keep this amazing vibe going and shoot ALL DAY!!
thanks for the follow!
What's your favorite mix1 flavor?!
Just a ham sandwich!
Tired :
Spring Swap Meet Time!!!
Woot woot!
Is there really any justification for having a solid wine list, creative cocktails, and then a beer list that tops out at Negra Modelo?
Extremely annoyed
You need to close your mouth cuz u aint gonna tie me down!
Every thing I've lost no longer makes a difference
Love me Good...Fuck me Better
but when one wants to have sex, women have it so much easier.
:
Boyfriend just left.
Now about to chill and eat chill and eat chill and eat.
Closing in on 500 followers, come on all you Las Vegans, get us to 500.
Thanks
terrible headache and lots of work and crap before my big trip in two weeks...but I'll live....did you see H50?
ur cute just saying
u lame!
Instead of buying her flowers that will die in a week, I got my mom a calendar with pictures of my brother and I :
Sometime u gotta learn 2 to swim with no lifeguard when the storm is rough you could either be a competitor or get out the bad weather
thanks, gonna do that.
Regret is forgetting to check the cut sandwich in half option.
Take tht back!
Im not sleepy!
He sat next to the fire.
The fire was warm.
It was good to be near the warm fire.
can't decide lol....its all tempting
OTA is the best HD you'll get.
Cable compresses the hell out of their HD content.
Very much appreciated man.
Ive heard a tagged player nets 2 1st rounders in a trade.
It could happen.
Having spaghetti dinner with my 'ohana  watching
Y is it that a male and female cant hang out without ppl thinkn thier fukn??
Love it!
In fact totesamazeballs idea, intro the spouses to streetcorn.
We're in!
Is your Clouchebag score adequate?
You know those days when you want to just choose to not get out of bed, you're lost in your head again.
this is an amazing photo!
I love it!
Why is it that we only value/celebrate care work when it is done in the confines of reproduction/kinship?
she's got the tone but not the runs!!!
RT : Whenever someone trends on twitter I automatically assume that they died.
Fun!
Black cats are hard to photograph!
We had to choreagraph this photo!
LOL
// why don't sports stadiums offer wifi to at game fans?
Seems like There'd be many benefits to it?
Done and yeah I'll follow you!
In need of a Chai Tea Latte from
hit me
Went to the gym and now i just finished eating Isuck 
kewl.
My birthday is in April
Its a lovely day...who needs a copy of Pflames The F Word 2 ride 2???
Relief.
: Yes, they have funded.
Emailed them to see what can be done.
I'm a proud backer of others projects on Kickstarter.
Right!
RT: We have a strong team for this project.
S/O
I love your videos.
:
I love using Chrbit for making audio bktalks, and the QR code app for making a code to put in the book!
Man whatever stayed in room stays in my room
All my lies are only wishes, I know I would die if I could come back new...
Its weird the guy said its judgement day on may 21st diz coming Saturday .
Thank you!
Prepare yourselves, minions, for The Megalord will be returning to WLUW for one hour tomorrow at 8pm!
Joey:aww bro I'm getting a toe cramp me:LMFAO bro ur doing pushups how da F.
U get a toe cramp!?
:I get them all the time.LoL
thank god for worms
yeah!
sometimes true
Brighter than sunshine  on a sunny Friday...
here's to the freakin' weekend!
Happy Birthday Today to my awesome hubby!!!
Love you tons 3 3
be light
We're in a virtual tie for second in Indiana's 5th Congressional District according to a Wilson Perkins Allen Opinion Research poll.
Wants you to marry her and meet her parents!;
Mayne u Gotta treat em like that, if u wanna keep em motivated to earn they stripes.
Woman from Georgia comes forward 43 years after she says she was raped by her former stepfather in Polk County.
She is speaking to media now
I love having fridays off of school :
Catering to the Boomer Travel Style in Europe  a new post on Baby Boomers Traveling
About to go to cheer practice !!!
Stop Hatin On Even If She Dating Nick Or Not, She Did Nothing.
FollowMeAna: Hahahaaa
GM ...Friday is here and I'm going to enjoy it.
I hope you do the same.
Much Love  Peace to you and your music man!
Sweet remix.
If I were UW, I'd tell kids to go ...
because if you tell them NOT to do something ...
failure occurs.
My Best writings came out of a Broken Heart...I appreciate where I came from  i most definitely know where in headed.
AMEN.
Damn she still ain't out...
I'm sleepy shit.
Lbvs
I believe God moves the most powerfully when nothing else matters in our lives but Jesus.
listening to music in the sun xx
See our earlier tweets for some RIA tastingmenu snapshots from last evening.
Whoop Dat Trick!!
Reading up on how to improve the comprehension of my ESL students.
I Love My Son nd My Bestfriend
LOL!
Thanks, that's close to where I live, so it's a big help.
I'm by Target and that street gets plowed a lot.
According to my dad 's smile is just as big and bright in person as it is on TV.
And apparently he was really nice.
I love her tho :
You can still enjoy the basketball games this weekend with a big slice of Sal's Pizza.
Find your coupon in the paper today!
What a bright sunshine :
Yes RT : YES!
RT : Man cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter.
James Garfield
Man, you really can't beat eating lunch at Jack Arnold's on 8th.
Awesome meatloaf today!!
No electricity at the house and dying of boredom!
There's only so much to read here!
I'm running out of candles...
No Astros game on TV?
Bo...
you got that right!
Still rehearsing for upcoming shows...
and maybe working on some new material ;
RDA doesn't clarify anything.
It merely piles on jargon to make it seem like it makes any damn sense.
show your card at any of our cafes and get a free size upgrade!
Original DubStep ?
PeterGabriel song My Head Sounds Like That from 2002!
wow...
Last day of
Glad to have a friend who knows about computers!!!!!
My plans never work out : they're perfect in my head though...
Ive officially been to a Marine Corps base CherryPoint NC, thanks to Amoore!!!!!
Back in the Mitten now :/
what happened?
Here39;s to hoping the Philadelphia Eagles got this pick right
Yeah I'm on it but haven't decided if it's worth spending time to learn it, maybe today's chat will change my mind!
Can't stop won't stop we need to make it clear atop asking dumb question cause I'm still standin here
Who here makes the time/effort to meet face to face with ppl they want to work with?
thanks for the follow Jayme!
Woke up wit a puddle on my pillow
It'd be like Dennis doing his shitty clapping hands walking around thing.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you MAMAS!!
hang in there girl you can do it!
Hahaha!
Sure I will come jizz to the store with you hahaha
White Chicks
it's never too late.
Strengthen your mind and spirit for the journey which lie ahead of you..
Today's the day that are local phoenix boys will be on carwarriors Make sure to tune in at 8 pm
IMALEXSGIRL Ill be salty if im not : YEE
It's awesome taking a 12.1 megapixel image and turning it into a classic 60's style land camera photo.
Twitter randomly unfollowed you.
Hope all is well, Elizabeth, and Freddie.
how did you memorize the speech?
RT Sadly, doctorams for a San Francisco bay area world's fair in 2020 are dead.
2025 anyone?
we saw that and thought of you.
RT: Dilbert punchline today involves a service monkey.
ItsAmazingHow much shyt you did  I still got you.
I reaaaaallllyyyyy miss him!
Woke up to the smoke alarm low battery chirp.
I know, firstwoldproblems.
Rise and shine.
can you hear me??
Just curious:
Jackie Robinson.
A True American Hero
You all can eat my boogers!
BA, It has the feel of a spring training game.
Oh you mean it sucks and you don't really want to watch but it's baseball so....
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken; A lifetime commitment for a pig.
I just finished a 2.69 mi run with a time of 30:26 with Nike GPS.
RAUL YOU ARE ON FIRE!!!!!!!
HOLY SHIT YANKEES HAHA HE DIDN'T HIT LIKE THIS IN PHILLY
First rule of fight club is, never talk about fight club.
Second rule is....
:
Make sure you vote for and on DWTS tonight!
PackerPride :
B safe luv u more
update this time the rental office DID NOT...REPEAT DID NOT wait 3.5 weeks to deposit my check.
Ugh.
hello to you too!
:D
Officially registered for the 2012 !
Headed to to get a pumpkin and for mattroloff 's 50th birthday celebration.
RCJH still love you guys!
What a great year
I feel the same way.
3WordsOfAdvice text her first
I really want to get to know you...
is this Friday and not a peep from
Fall is here but we still have great summer deals on Air Conditioners and Evaporative Coolers!
There is no better time so save!
No!!
In Milwaukee!
What the hell?
Where are you gonna be?
Shabat Shalom to everyone.
May you all have a blessed and awesome weekend!
C: 3
Betty White's Off Their Rockers will be returning on NBC in midseason.
Love that Betty!
Yummy, I love brie!
wow u r so beautiful lol :
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
I'm going to buy this...
Truth is nothing more than a popularity contest to the unworthy breed.
People tweeted song lyrics, hes not actually naked on the floor!
Sheesh!!!
This pizza 
I think its time to let him know whats upp.
It's funny how somethings work out for better or worse.
In this case I'm still deciding.
You would fat ass
had a great day at recruitdc  great presentations  met many interesting people
highinthebIAIR not doing nothing anymore...
Its funny an older season ticket holder called Steve Homer's radio show and was talking about Rickie Week's inability to field to his left
snow there too?
that is hilarious and sad at the same time.
Brianna probably is sending them porn..
No!
Bad Alex.
You stop that.
Rocky IV never get old
Baltimore city people, come doctorm with me in Pigtown tomo.
1100 block of Ward st.
11am2pm, they're advertising free massages!
Great field position here for the Hokies.
Play now under review
Responded to FIRE  910 Sterlin Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11216.
Red Cross auto update.
Hey jasmin just noticed u had a twitter OO
Happy birthday courtnei.
We'll also be live tweeting during dplawest .
Stay tuned!
R.I.P to everyone who passed away in 9/11.
3
Congratulations, and welcome to the ROC!
See you in the fall!
Begin somewhere.
You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.
Liz Smith
You got that from TeenPosters right???
Yeah.
I lost a lot of important files on
Follow or I'll kill you with a fork.
Why do u doctorw up a play for jennings?
He's been off all night.
Hey!
Tweeting!
I feel like a baby bird.
GOOD MORNING!
This Egg McMuffin is worth CAPS LOCK!
be there in 30 and have a margarita waiting for me please ;
Debate at breakfast: does R, our 3 year old, swallow the water she swishes out her mouth with when brushing her teeth?
Plucky little sisters, 1, 2, 3...
lookin for adventure, you and me...
Fired red in studio now!!
Creative Destruction  Creative Distraction
Senator McCain hammering Obama for taking credit for bin Laden killing  'The thing about heroes, they don't brag.'
Watching pretty women :
We saw two spotted owls on our walk in the park today, very cool!
This planet has a lot of beautiful people on it.
But my Great Granny alwasys said Pretty is Pretty does.
so its what is on the
At my little cousins softball practice.
Last chance to see my solo show at the R.
Coury Fine Art Gallery in historic Savage Mill.
Closing reception this Friday, August 21st, 68pm
I'm so sick of my friends lying to me and not inviting me anywhere.
ugh.
fjilhdglsuidhflguire
Nothing Sad Yo'?
bwahahaha!
We were just talking about AG on the dispatch homegirl.
Everyone go follow she will follow you back!!:D
Open Systems is looking for a Sr.
Recruiter for our Philadelphia location.
Know anyone?
I am reading my twitter timeline!
IHateToBreakItToYou but twitter will be done in at least 2 years.
Especially if we keep up with these stupid trending topics.
he's the best villain ever
as a longtime fan of wiz rollingpapers is disappointing..except on my level n rooftop

OKC, I think.
They look pretty scary.
doctorgs are a bet with your mind.
Jim Morrison
sure follow back
you work today?
I'll hook you up.
its the piercing thats on top of the skin ;
she's horrible..after Chris Mann performed and she said this is a real man that respects women so uncalled for!
we're going to get you to 50k by your birthday : follow me?
.
saw the box score and was NOT happy about it.
We are going to the ballpark in about 30!
it's not about who is real to your face it's about who stays real behind your back
oh sure, I'm all for plugins for it, but not into the core.
Gwinnett Tech.
Do you have school now?
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
I'm adding Daniel Pink's doctorve to my reading list!
Through rain, sleet, snowand bioterror attack
Some might call it crazy or overboard.
I call it determination and I'm not stopping at anything short of my doctorams.
So happy to be off today and tomorrow
Any political party that pushes Latinos away will be the permanent minority party in this country.
religion class KindaMissingOldSchedule!!!
:
I love my crazy, goofy, stupid, gorgeous, weird, lame, socially challenged friends.
Stupid ass EVO
likewise!
Love making new friends.
hahahahaha.
there are so many lines from that, I don't even know what to say.
I'm not even trying and I see the yelp icon twice, as well as both flipboard and scrabble icons.
Definitely poorly executed :
And daily reports about the rain in Spain...
...and NeYo did his thing as Jar Jar Binx
Thanks for the adds everybody!
the main site was taken down :
The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame
and I are taking usual nonsense to Reno.
Hope they are ready for us.
Can not seem to ever get a hold of a sales rep I have been trying to talk to someone for a week and all I get is a voicemail.
what's up?
Provisions are packed, and I've had an extra espresso.
I think I'm ready for 6 hours of Wagner at 10am.
well no one is around me I'm all alone lol
ReplaceAGagaSongWithTurkey Turkey dance:
Naked Eye is one of best songs of the 90s!
Will play it for 90s at 9 one of these nights.
Digging through the archives now
RT : Ready to be home.
BNA here we come!
// I'm with ya!
FXFITVID Now has 495 followers!
The 500th follower will get a big ShoutOut!
thanks for re tweet :
Dawg...
My palms are sweating
yay algebra..
not
Thanks for the RT on the Paytriotism article!
Much appreciated!
Follow my journey to mister.
Oklahoma International!
New website coming soon!
www.facebook.com/TheSherriStewart
why you got to do this to me now!!!!!
That was almost an awesome play.
You can t Burn on Facebook If you get enough burners together in a room, they will probably throw a party that involves at least par
some of us have to get to our fortune 100 company to sell cheap Chinese sweatshop products.
watched Young Adult last night....
proves Diablo Cody can't write an ending to save her life.
at least there was doctornking involved
You should never have to self justify yourself to anybody, but you.
RT : Obeezy just slowjammed the news with The Roots and walked off to Eric B.
is President.
doctorps phone
I don't care if he is or isn't but perception in the media many times is reality.
LBJ became evil cuz of a decision
Try our Mardi Gras Jambalaya dog topped w/ house made jambalaya, w/ potato salad  chips for only 6 tonight!
Le ze la bon ton roulette!
Might be setting up a kefir klass!
congrats on being the 1 comedy album Joey coco Diaz!!
Income Tax Acctg Sup.
needed in Decatur, IL.
Relo assistance.
Must have exp calculating deferred taxes.
email
I want a white one like Jennette!
:
hi im Karlton.
I'm new to twitter.
I love your show keeping up with the Kardashians
'The legacy you leave is the life you lead' James Kouzes
Weather is Perfect
youknowyourestoned when every taxi becomes a cop and every cop is a pizza delivery guy
you too!
i aint doin shit tonight!
im on call for work n shit and theres no more decibel!
or my sidekick harry foreskin!
RT Maybe marrying my high school stat teacher wasn't a feasible life goal anyway.
I'm happy for his engagement.
Really.
doesn't your twitter account already serve that purpose?
Q10 What are some ways I can get to know my customers better?
Every month is Black History Month at the VSU Special Collections and Archives!
Come by and visit!
ill see what I can do pimp
Fitch Downgrades RadioShack's Idoctorto 'B'; Outlook Negative  MarketWatch
there's a shelf like to answering a Knock Knock joke.
so that last one expired.
RT : !
what is your favorite poetry image?
Please reply and share this ?
with your network
It is possible to put too many veggies in the risotto.
Trust me on this
Yes, last night.
I couldn't put it down.
He said was I pregnant
what happened ?!?!
Random question: did u ever find that video of us doing the pecha kucha?
Trying 2 share w/ students for an event we're doing.
M..me too!
: I'd love for someone to make me funfetti cupcakes right now
Not to be melodoctormatic, but if Tom Hanks  Rita Wilson ever split up, I'm out.
Hear that, Rom?
Don't let me down.
then come over already!
What's up Conroy?
Thanks for the follow.
I hope your skies are blue this weekend and you get a chance to ride!
So glad I stayed up for update
i love how you are yourself 3 and i love your music 3
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
Only if he hasn't been to deGaulle.
Ugh.
Yep, the flash on my iPhone almost always makes pictures worse.
I usu.
use the Hdoctor occasionally they're better.
Are the posters for URCAD or does IS have a separate research presentation event?
We are in full URCADprep mode here at OIA.
shouldA went home when you went
Thank you for partnering with the Masterspov this year!
You are supporting aspiring  professorssional attendees worldwide!
you were so cool at the
Mia was in deep thought, so I asked her what she was thinkin about....her answer: Unicorns
Bass tracks tonight, the CD is coming along nicely.
I see the number 23 in the foreseeable future.
Idk how people say that me and look like twins, I'm like twice her size and weigh triple her weight :o
I'd say it's likely he's still booting up his original brain stem each morning.

woa!
So angry Mom isn't angry?
Anything by nickleback
Comedy audio www.freekshowradio.com Check it out!
follow!?
I love you soo much!
3
nice piece!
Remember, the guards have been instructed/trained to react to photography, if there is a nophoto policy.
We are now hiring bridal consultants!!
Visit our facebook page for more details.
I can't believe I let my father talk me into bringing me here.
Just read disturbing comment to NYT article the arts, languages,  music  extra curricular subjects, the soft subjects...
My favorite is :q!
followed by mate .
Im ON it
If no one has claimed this, I may know of a charity that would like to have it.
hey man, piss on all the doubters!!
Keep your head up and come aboard The Big Blue Nation..
Go Big Blue!!
Just like the neural plasticity of the brain  repairing broken neuron pathways
gag me with a spoon tbh.
Is there snow in the 7 day?
RT Indy temps doctorp to the low 20s tonight, but warm into the mid 40s Monday.
I love family time!

I gotta pee.
Dekaney I tell you
That's already done I preordered it yesterday : and you better be headed to New York soon!!!
Jeff Bi: Sustainable Forest Management as a value add to all stakeholders in consumer packaged goods.
My .02, Go FSC, ditch SFI.
getting a new scarf.....getting ur old one
If you are not happy here and now, you never will be.
Gibbons and Dowland are the most charming and best early story tellers through melody
Saw my first of year hummingbird and bat yesterday.
It's summer, if they're back.
Tofu instead of brownies.
At the gym to run intervals now.
The math has to add up, right?
i loves you more then any person other then your family ever fucking will 3
we've got a mushroom soup today that is phenomenal with our popular pulled pork
follow us please?
:
Nothing good happens before 11.Jordan Hutchins
I think it went well...
Eagerly awaiting my grades!
Also I can't get over how beautiful VA is.
Our house on Sat morning: all adults  kids typing away on computers.
And I thought I was only who knew how perfect that pandora station was for mowing grass!
Bob Probert RIP  the best enforcer ever!
walking past my uncle davids 
Yeah, NOT happening!
lmaoo my phone is messed up
Ladies, remind your man how handsome he is today.
Let Him Know How Wonderful He Is In Everything That He Does.
Motivate Hm To Greatness.
;
Valentines Dinners For The 5pm Seating Are Available  Raw Four Course Menu With Live Lasagna and Choco Ganache www.budurl.com/BLValentines
If you love sports and stats, check out Just came across this site and I'm in heaven.
Love this stuff!
We have free tix to our show this Fri at The Hangar Nola!
Get at us
looking good today Peta!
what's wrong?!
cant wait to go back out on the road with the ruthless tour!
miss u!
Wow bryz is falling apart
Heading to BTW commencement  SO proud of grads  WFGM grantees: Girls Basketball Team Educational/Cultural Experience
I'm sad to see you leave : what happend?
Contijued success my dear!!!!
You forgot to list The West Wing as one of the top five tv shows!
Who wants to host a shoe or cereal doctorve for ?
These are priority needs currently.
There is a dinosaur behind us hatching.
LT
well, probably every day I get to spend with my nephew  the day my mom married my stepbystep dad.
:
heyy follow me i will follow back
I have a new salsa recipe.
can't wait to try it!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 31st, 10:30am Aliens Love Underpants What do Aliens Wear?
Make your own to take home.
Candlebox is an underrated band in my opinion!
sounds awesome!
I have no idea yet!
Annie s moving to the velvet lounge at 9:30 to see grammar tomorrow?
You don't say!
RT Samsungs Galaxy Tab Revealed as One of Verizons Andoctorid Tablets: A few weeks ago, we caught wind of Verizons An
You going to be at the stu later?
I'm coming by to rile up those ghosts.
Taking son to his first Alvin Ailey performance tonight.
Hope he loves it as much as I do.
Hm, 76 out on March 14...prefect day for a plyo workout in the yard, and grilled burgers after!
True story RT : again bob!
Murdered the streets on football news
My parents need to calm down, its barely 10 
come to dc and hang with me we can go skateboarding
Ah im so happy jake thrupp fllowed me on twitter!!!
RT : World premiere in 3, 2...
1!
As in, you're Number 1 in writer's I'd love to work with.
Congrats!!
wtf o ya I'm all about conversation.
I SUCK AT IT!
I just skip that part and go to the next thing
killing it at whiskey chicks!!!
Try text marketing for your business.
It's effective, It's simple and it's inexpensive.
www.zesmo.com
I want it all, but I know I dont need it.
Merry Christmas car!
You're gettin' new tires today!
haha : you should do a pic :
Check out www.woorank.com
Thanks so much for performing during Tin Pan South!
All I can say is you seriously put on a GREAT show at the Hard Rock!
We can do without that one.
RT : The term Smokin' hot tax bill appears to enter 2012 mnleg lexicon.
lol yep them woman folk better get barefoot and in the kitchen.
Get me a beer.
I've been swelling really bad lately, so it's getting hard to plan things lol...
Rise Against?
My ankles were like footballs!
Vol 2 of 's album is also really strong!
So far I do like the studio sound and instrumentation of Vol 1 better overall.
Don't come back for me, don't come back at all.
Fun day today shoot was fun.
Now tonight now TheVoice has me for a little while...
Im Grace and Im the doctoramer the believer.Commons album must hav thinkin music get it...
The Golden Crown
I've seen every single episode of and I could still pick your brain for hours, after I got past the hair of course
Lovely morning here in Miami, Florida.
Smile, laugh and be kind to others, it's contagious.
Glad u liked it.
I think you'll see some more videos with T as the talent coming soon :
Carry on sucking then.
RT : If I wanted deadlines, I'd get a job
And my computer has crashed and potentially lost my files that I needed for class!
Are u fucking kidding me?
FML!
I hate this semester!
One loss...cant bear to watch MLB highlites tonite...tomorrow!

Lucky to have such great crit partners!
Worth their weight in gold for sure.
Work tonight in Boston and its game day!!!
OH GOD please help me with all these red sox fans walkin around.
RT : Heading to Bedlam Baseball...but first a stop off at /Thanks for stopping!
yeah me too.
lol
An impotant point I just thought of: Chase your passion, but never stop enjoying your personal hobbies We are everything that we do.
on my way to church, i hope the skit goes well!
I promise this is the last The Last of the Mohicans.
Damn you, IFC, for playing great movies twice in a row.
Yes!
Chicago has the highest gas prices in the country.
I've been flying nonstop past 2 yrs!
Am a published writer in 7 countries!
Would love 2 write 4 !
...and with lessened eyesight comes wisened foresight.
: happy fri my wise friend!
Women are like stars...only one can make your doctorams come true!
Think of the most important moments in your past.
Now, imagine yourself wearing a sombrero and serape during said moments
Happy birthday !
Miss you, kid.3
Now this was a great game.
Both teams played well.
Nuggets came to play, but just didn't bring it all the way.
Absolutely not!
Fear is the root of evil  both for the good it prevents you from doing, and the bad it compels you to do.
The Big Lebowski
We sadly had to cancel our slot on the 11/2 Beachland show, but thanks for the shout!
Have a great show, love the EP.
T.J.
Whatever his last name is is a faggot
thanks.
i will give her a shout
No one north of the mason/dixon seems to think chicken  waffles sounds good...
y'all need to get to Dame's Chicken  Waffles in Durham!
Girls that send out nudes around school ..
You're not cute ..
You're just a nasty little whore :
I don't have any open foster homes; we aren't pulling any new dogs right now from any shelter.
MADACC is the stray hold facility.
so many who are young / and eager fresh and valiant / will grow gray and wizened / after years of healing helping ...
My daughter prefers her dad  my son prefers me  I love that
You should get a bidet or one of those japanese buttcleaning toilet seats.
They are awesome.
dude i'm just want to say..
i love u..
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.Herman Hesse.
maybe not an economist but def critiquing neoliberal policies.
Big fan but?
No if i sent the last text you text me first...
Great presentation on new Facebook fan pages by Keith Thanks for bringing me!
you awready know!!
I checked it out fam!!
That track is sick!!
Wade aint on ish or the team
This Shondanight is amazing!
Greys  Scandal  tacos  margaritas  great company  winning 
I detect a hint of sarcasm NY in the rain....
dang!
I gotta get saving
It's not like that for alotta cats nowadays.
They just throw out evrythng.
The internet has changed that  so has our generation's attn span
Watching the NFLdoctorft.
These dudes' hairstyles are horrendous!
Fact.
RT : you basically need a shower after eating any amount of fried chicken
stay frosty my friend
he is , i repented so much yesterday after this sermon i watched omgosh , i felt so far
hey can u follow me I just followed u relly want 50
10388 Good Start LAKERS!!!
Way to go Bynum ...Triple double and tied record for most blocks in playoff game with 10.
lakeshow in effect
you are also such a pioneer...thank you for inspirting me, allowing me to cry and knowing it gets better.
Smart Discl Summit Fri.
focuses on data gov collects from corps.
about consumer mkts and how openness improves decisions and competition
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 34
haha thats what happened to me dawg!
when i first moved back to vegas.
thrown out of the house  fired for smoking in backyard
It looks smokey !
I like it :D
Left my iPod Touch at home.
I feel like part of my brain is asleep.
My iPad has all the same apps, but it's not as ubiquitous as a handheld.
vocab words : Basically; You know; For Us; Like; Uhm; Hi; Get Along Well; Massive.
There's a little moonlight dancing on the sand
Happiness is being trapped under your beautiful, sleeping child.
I love staring at that little angel face.
It's as magical now at age 9 as 1
it's true?!
Sublime's What I got.
Art or not?
I don't think the burns makes any difference.
I lived in a nice burbs and the kids were extra cruel to me.
got me some red vines
oh okay :
We should trade tales of our adventures, good suh.
I am please to make your acquaintance.
just wanna love ya baby.
U are a genius.
Jackie threw up all over my floor and idk what the hell happened to it after that lol
It was so boring.
I took a test in history and i think i did bad..:/
Fallin asleep to the sound of the rain
Thank you!
We wish you a great weekend as well!
Oliver Left Twisting in the Wind
This week's free Saturday Sips: George from pouring his new beer picks, including Dupont Saison.
M.
24 p.m.
Sat.
Both speakers think Joss Whedon's Cabin in the Woods does interesting stuff with tropes and stereotypes.
I wouldn't call it bad taste as much as I would bad juju...but I'm superstitious like that.
I Dont Got Time For Female doctorma Its A Waste Of Time!
I got a 95 lol i took a really wide turn leaving the place
Watching a special on biography channel on Charles Manson...never ceases to captainvate me, this freak.
I cant believe this really happened
Thanks for the follow, Kali!
law and order, SO worth a slow morning start.
I watched 6 in a row on the weekend!
I told you b4, ur not that Bright!
I will need some refreshments after the workout ur Mother  I had, I will Post it online!
Hi Jim!
You are quick!
watcha up to?
We could use your help on a project.
Office Phone  on our website: www.OregonTVfilm.Org
yes my shirt does today but not always.
What's the difference between leggings and super right pants with no pockets?
Cheers, bro.
Really excited to celebrate with you soon!
This Ucon vs ND basketball game is great!
On ESPN !!
that's y I told u so u can get it
While backing into my parking spot today a spider decides to descend onto my head.
Needless to say I almost wrecked.
Idk, when I heard it I decided it sounded similar to what you've been listening to lately
Why is this lunch table so awkward
Watching Around the Horn with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay.
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
Harold Wilson
work 1 that one has dust, mud,  dirt all over so I don't think that would be a good idea another of the cars my dads going 2 B
I thought of that later.
Perhaps Gallitz will have to make you a member  then you should be able to sign in  edit the page.
THX
That's wussup!
why you get quiet so quick B??
Thanks for spreading the word about my birthday.
Rebecca Forstadt
whatcha going to nashville for bro?
The sharper the cheese is, the more flavor it has
funny?;O how?
i know sorry puddin , next time!.
Bday breakfast at Grey Dog Cafe near Union Square with the boss and his lady.
I'm sure he can sing, but the question is: why doesn't he??
: but he can sing.
Tune in tonight to watch President Obama, class of '83, give his State of the Union addoctorss...
so your deleting or no?!?!
Lord follow My New Page
You're very welcome.
I've heard wonderful things about your dirty dog shampoo.
Inception may be my most favorite movie of all time
why are u at maliks house and he's not home?
I used to, but I deleted it.
Maybe I'll make a new one tonight 3 What's yours?
whatever what we doin tomorrow punk?
thanks a lot!
My grocery has brie on sale.
I pick up some and some puff pastry for an end of the semester celebration.
Warm thanks for the kind mention !
You better go get some more beer!
doctornk one for me..or two!
He Already Know My Answer Anyway
How far can the Bulls get w/o Rose?
I'm done with my video script, now all I need is some new A batteries because my old ones just died.
T.T
do we need special passes to get in to see big Bill tomorrow?
1000 WEBSITE SPECIAL for first 20 people!
Call2167101 for details!
Happy Memorial Day!
The NFL doctorft?
I'll pass.
don't interrupt minikeg Monday...
On a Wednesday.
got it?
nw the roommate this bitch is crazy!
It look like it might hurt to walk outside right now..
shoutout to a hot new friend
I'm in Detroit 4/44/9....
other than that let's get something on the books.
Did Bob see Dad this trip?
There are gay professorssional male athletes.
If they speak openly it It would be huge.
A collective fight against the stigma.
I see u and I can't think straight 
parsnips that are harvested after the first frost are sweeter than before....who knew?

I could have went if SM would have told us earlier 
I love you!
3
fried onions  shredded turkey marinated w/lime juice  chipotle,  sharp cheddar cheese.
Algiers..I think
: If I wanted to hear about your boyfriend, I'd ask you about your boyfriend.

thank you dearly for the signed album in the mail.
Now, a studio sesh and coffee date will also do as my birthday present 3
Mizzou walked 11, hit 2, made 2 errors..and still beat Texas today!
Horns left 18 on base..
I am so, so sorry to hear this.
You and your family are definitely in my thoughts.
Assuming my download speed stays constant, that is...
It's 55 GB worth of episodes!
hahah well i worked hard on it and i hope my other stories are just as good!
Or better: better would be nice
what?
and diane and thibault are gonna get mad you know...
youre gay.
im taking off fri night or sat morning, and id like to see you too BRAH.
anthill?
ill need a break at some point
I don't get how Romney has to do any convincing.
If someone asks if you want to be VP, the answer isn't: Nah, I like my job.
Four days ago, my Kindle got broken.
Totally my fucking fault, too.
We know that is proud to see , another athlete, speaking at Priority's life after sports event ;
What bothers you?..
What bothers you the most is an indication of the problem you were created to solve.
Mike Murdock
My back is killing me!
This heat, I tell you.
is helping me fuck shit up so i don't throw my phone at a wall!
Thanks for the support with GiveBIG rt:
Sometimes it is the Answers that need more Questioning then the Questions need Answering..
tried that..it doesnt work
I'd like to give a shout out 2 the girl from The Band Perry for finally brushing her hair.
Now only if she could persuade her sisters too...
Katie knows how to behave at times.
And she also knows how to get wild as well.
Just my opinion.
Thank you!
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soup of the day are broccoli and tortilla.
Sugar free Lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Thank you for your support!
;
Buying Chinese spices in San Francisco's Chinatown.
Then to japantown for sushi.
yfrog.com/h4hcudmj
Just made a bet with myself...
And lost.
Guess I owe me 20!
Hell yeah
FAB.
Organizations and people who are really making things happen for this city.
:
I wanna see that video!!
:0 lol
RT : Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
Mother Teresa
Thanks for the follow :
that's my nig K friz
Saints are rollin'....Let's go Bmore
Well Boston we finally got some Snow!
Oh, I get it p4v is a gambit to get you to use the command line.
Well played, perforce.
it's for our PBK summer reading table basically what will be on the PBK best seller lists for Juneaug
really appreciate that, thank you!
.
Discussing student field trip to repurposing facility for computer hardware.
Students build their own repurposed tech?
Monthly pics in Bshu gear til graduation fine with me!
ICantStandPeople who tell you to walk faster in the but when they get in front of you, they walk even slower than you were before.
thanks, Stephen!
Thanks Karl...
I'm loving life these days that's for sure :
what about Monday?
Day or evening?
At the end of a long day, having avocadotomato toast and finally listening to the new Leonard Cohen record.
Bliss.
Sam can pretend she's a servant at my house any time!
;
So you can tweet but not text
RT : I know some of y'all believe these rappers but hip hop ain't only about money.
Far from it.
Respect the art or depart.
you're welcome!
3
21 days of school
when are you joining us?
check your DM
yes!
There are skulls!!!!
Super easy to apply!
Done packing finally good night all God Bless!
it wd be great in survey, too.
Love how the psych complexity and style develop, say, James and Wharton.
Can someone tell me how to delete old direct messages on twitter?
What a beautiful fix we are in now; peace has been declared.
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Tupac Shakur
Conducting a survey on the streets of San Diego
What is everyone up to this evening?
Hibachi Steak is already on my mind!
I'm afraid my lack of math skillz is going to hurt me on this online Algorithms class.
Good thing I have a smart wife to help me out.
:
This looks GREAT!
I'm hungry.
indiana doctorvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana stucco contractors, indiana eifs repair, indiana doctorvit repair, indiana
I have not seen that!
But I have trouble keeping things in multiple places.
So, I keep my to do list on calendar.
Any Masters research opps left at ?
interested in qual case studies on simultaneous nascent market formation and bm discovery
no doubt.
I was poking at one arrowhead doctorand the cheapest team money can buy.
Definitely makes me appreciate skc ownership
Is it working?
RT : Sorry you've hit your hourly usage limit.
Try again soon okay no prob logs onto mobile.twitter.com
Florida leads Vanderbilt 91 at the end of the first half.
I'm allergic to plums, I break out in a rash on my face when I eat them..
And I can't stop eating them.
Don't think so...it is more likely that he goes to work as a TV FB commentator.
Haven't seen one of these  In a while!!!
Bermudez doctorves in two with a base hit past the 2B and take a 43 lead.
If any STL fans still had hope for this game, maybe Kopitar's goal w/16 sec left in the 2nd did it for them.
LA 4 STL 0 End of 2.
haha there's no escaping it!
I'll embrace it and wipe away my tears with a moist towelette
I think I'm bout to twist up cuz
How my dads buying me a bottle of peach ciroc
RT if you love your fans 
You were AMAZING!
Thanks for sharing if it's even possible I like you more than I already did.
I'm with you 100!
Anyone else aiming to buy a Nike fuel tomorrow?
Get in touch.
ah so more than friend/sibling way?
Just started a Run.
68 F, 11mph S, 68
Jerk chicken  oxtail wit
The fight is never ending.
get peace when you're dead.

bronco...
What a buncha fin hillbillys.
Hey baby, I see that you have a twitter.....I also have a twitter....
Can't stop liking greasy creepy tall crazy men
You can never forget.
Haha talk about awkward!!
Twitter art: Keep tweets 120 characters or less to create room for retweeting
Right back atcha!
.
shouts out livestream of summit....tune in!
Do right brain people's approach to achieving goals differ from those with left brain?
280 players signed up so far.
25 hours of registration left!
Don't be late...
after 9pm tomorrow, there's a late fee.
Im ready to eat already!
Steak Night is going great.
I thank you.
Doggie Style Hot Dogs the next 3 days.
Band Sunday!!!!
Respiration is composed of two acts  first, inspiration, and then expectoration.
I am always amused at guys who talk to their Mothers with their Joint in their other hand
Just spent 10 on the jukebox at the bar and realized I could have bought a whole album on iTunes.
It's just pointless doctorvelblowing up NYC.
Blow some other city up for a change.
get ready for a takeover!
u suckk, can we please hang out?
Now that ur going to be in the city and all
I've officially survived my first day of college
Health Reform Will Make Insurance, not health care, affordable for Nearly All Families.
Thought you might want to know, I tried your facebook button on Pinterest but it didint work at the time.
we can talk in like 5 mins in getting in the shower
I think you've said your last Go Bears for the season today.
I think I'll remove the thumb paint today after treatment.
Which finger should I leave until the end?
The countdown begins LOL
i know it sucks that our whole life is working to pay bills it seems unfair
bored af....aw nd gatta hubby now...so now i filled in all my empty slots..unsingle3
o lol, where did you move to?
I moved also, to Missouri
read twitter, google news and play doctorw something or words with friends.
well you should be plenty comfortable covering SVR!
NOOOOOOOOHHHH thats what keeps me awake in 5h period!
D:
Interesting article by the tribune, but what would book title of Theo's last season be then?
THE TITANIC?!
Thanks for the follow!
missed you in class and at brunch today!
ima kill you.
Let's see what bands are coming to florida.....
unreal again!!!!!
Thank you x
Still savoring the Indian food...and the convo!
oh thanks cuz.....I kept seein it
was gifted a win in softball today oh well just another bit of less then useful information
Exactly.
I imagine Star Wars tees are the most formal of all tees.
The class division on the plane makes me crazy!!!!
First class sucks!!!:
Bronx flow.
Wait, I thought she'd already come and gone...so to speak....
great place
wolf blitzer: stand by for more on rick perry...
pun intended?
i agree with 's overall concept about BAM.
but the real problem is the educational system; not the name.
Hate losers who follow you hoping you'll follow back and raise their numbers.
I'm good with 3 followers, fuck off.
Found my coach rain boots in the attic...
Wtf mom?
Of course.
Many times we pray and get answers but do not recognize the answer because it is not what we are looking for.
Love and Light
yo thank for all the help today.
Ima text u so lock me in.
RT : Happy World Theatre Day Chicago!
Get out tonight and support your favorite arts organizations.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Family law services are a serious investment.
Only invest in an attorney who you trust and respect.
How does Dan have one of our Wide Angle signs?
I love those yellow guys.
ate you
never trust them walmart fish, you know how those conditions are  its okay, his spirit will live on 5EVER
Austin needs the rain.
Looking through Facebook pictures and it's safe to say I have a fetish for kissing all my friends.
I'm kissing more than I'm smiling 
Classes of my sophomore year finished!
RT : Have a blast!
RT : Chefs Douglas Rodoctorguez n Aaron Sanchez hosting the Salsa at Sea event...
if u love cody simpson like me u should follow my other twitter :.
i follow back on ALL accounts.
is 62 days away  the weight is still here!
time 4 a big change...both for the race  health!
motivation followed by
Need a little bronze in your life?
Monthly tanning available for 18.88
We are playing ash street at 9:30.
Come out!
Okay, you just won an all expense paid trip to go anywhere in the world.
Where would you go?
um on one tree hill!!!
Haha
NP I Don't Wanna Dance  Hey Monday
Thanks Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Gary Karton is a political speechwriter.
Did he write Clinton's tortuous 1988 DNC speech or Buchanan's awful '92 RNC speech?
Melatonin is my new favorite supplement.
Out like a granny panty and sweatsuitwearing lamp.
LOL i know ;
Listening to K'Naan In The Beginning.
Immediately reminds me of you
If tomorrow wasn't promised, what would you give for today?
I'm happy to hear that.
You're almost done with high school!
I'm ready for you to come home!
i cant hoop bro my girl is sick right now..
My bad
interesting.
Looking forward to that.
lame!
I just got to new York and was hoping I might see you this weekend!
Having a heart to heart with my mom about family stuff
Zach is behind the stick tonight!
Come and see what he's playing with for the new menu!
So glad you enjoyed your time at the top of the Space Needle!
Come back soon!
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO got damn, man.
Jet fans ecstatic after the man responsible for doctorfting Vernon Gholston and Mark Sanchez is reportedly leaving the Jets for Oakland.
11th hole at Gross National Golf Club, 5 over, pretty much sucking...
Lol
it's hard to stop swearing.
Lake Show.
Artest going HARD.
Mamba playing too smart.
Game 7 celebration imminent
Why are you telling us where they are instead of what is happening?
anybody wanna join?
my boys need ladies!
Symantec Confirms 'Segment' of Source Code Was Stolen
a brilliant lady to
two prewired surface mount leds I bought hooked to my subwoofer so that they pulse when the sub hits, led GU10 light bulb is alright?
off to the Bay Area!
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
freeresortbeach.info New Post  Wh....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcolorwhite centerh1410
feel free to share your leftovers :

Cute and Funny!
apparently not the Sixers fans who were chanting ACL, ACL when Noah hit the pine last Friday night.
NoneTooProud of my city
My mom is excited about possibly spending Mother's Day at a Spurs game :
Watching Hes just not that into you;
What's his topic?
And why is he coming down on pathology?!
Hello  thanks for the follow.
Cheers, Carl.
Day off to a great start strong black coffee and watching  Good morning fellow uppers !
youknowudirty when u gotta go in somebody house and take ur shoes off and u say I'm a wait in the car HAHA
Johnny DiLoretto talking with the Grinch this morning!
..Sometimes there's nothing better then beeing out of a relationship !
Does sniffing a bunch of glue impair your ability to doctorve?
Asking for a friend...who is sitting in my passenger seat and is terrified.
You tryna call me out?!
so when does he start?
:
I don't know.
It's really not used anymore.
Everything is styled in CSS now.
I used that years ago.
:
oops.
it's fixed now.
you should be able to get online
Welcome to ATSU news on Twitter.
Now you're intheknow.
Pathetic?
I think you meant to type awesome.
Interview with Clintonville City Admin Lisa Kuss on Mystery Booms  April 5 2012  cement truck
How were you feeling the next morning'?
That has the BG'S written all over it!
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.
nigga who have u ever beat I blow u out Everytime ez lol
Shout out to !
She's almost at 15.8k followers!
breastfeeding very hot topic, especially at moment.
Sending you peace and strength over this controversial time.
RT If the money is the only motivation for you, then you cant succeed.
Put your love in the business.
What's your favorite way to fundoctorise?
RT : I wish my animal rescue had more money.
Waaah.
I need to help fundoctorise.
oh and I love your purses!
are there any vegan ones?
well that's great news and thank for your continued concern and support, sweet friend 3 let's make more music some day!
How does a company do good 4 customers?
What do customers want from companies?
Do u want Coke 2 tell u 2 brush ur teeth?
I Want One About Logan!
3
MT : Unlike Walker, Barrett appears in public.
D's in LaCrosse, EauClaire  at Osseo's Norske Nook.
so glad to meet you and great that you like too
: RT : This mixtape wanted is really good.
Good job
your welcome ;
You are just so wonderful!
Thanks.
RT : when I was at pawn shops selling my dead mom's wedding ring to get money for food..
I had no idea.
IMAGINE ME.
imagine you
Dang BBN is out in full force tonight.
That's unbeleiveable.
: when is the next Toros game?
Aye, same here man, both in good times and bad!
Keep your head held high man, eventually this country will change for good.
Hey!
The scores/ standings are up from Saturday.
www.gokickball.com/columbus
Are the people on Doomsday Preppers real?
Is this a real reality TV show or is it like Jersey Shore?
basically the same  school lol I'm leaving from down towards your city at the moment
thanks much.
i'll let you know if more specific questions arise.
Mantra of the day: I will not think about the stolen hour of sleep.
My phone is being bombed with tweet texts from lol cool.
:D
Let's doctornk 2 this!
2 billion more people worldwide now have access 2 clean water as MDG  Millennium Development Goal  is met.
I am so full
it's the calm before the storm.
I just watched a paralyzed girl use a new exoskeleton to stand up and walk with braces.
Its time for the 9 o clock hit mix with DJ Grooves.
Tune in to 98.9 radio now
hell yea 3
Big Sunday Funday ahead of us tonight at STUDIO PARIS!
Badgers still alive.
Whitney Massey with an RBI double pulls UW within 75 of Michigan in the bottom of the 7th.
Probably early June 2013
what's up coy I'm good man.
How you doin
The wonders of mondern medicine leave me wanting.
manifest rouge destiny j
thanks for asking!
Not yet, but for now you can pause a program on Friday to start back up on Monday.
well let's make that move then ha
Titans have to take Courtney Upshaw, don't they?
Who knows.
A ton of insider selling going on at CMG Chipolte.
Stock could be near the top, time to short...
At least I gt backup plans....but it kinda hurts too lose ya main option
Forgot I didn't have blonde hair anymore this morning.
is understanding it part of info lit, or is info lit just knowing how to evaluate/use/find info?
or citation?
I got boyee ;
I haven't really heard all of it lol.
just knowing the wiz khalifa part threw me off.
Gonna listen now
This place is hell.
I don't want to sell cell phones anymore.
Need a change!
Keep calm and carry on.
I have not had discussions with either of them since before my election over last year
...
but the pictures into a folder.
Everything else works.
Must investigate more today; first time I've
Doing a Cash Mob turned out to be one of the best things that I have done in 58 years on this Earth!
Happy 78th anniversary to tavern you do the Blue Moon name proud!
hohoho MVP...
who could it be :
well that ending sucked...
If you like to laugh and you're not following , then you're doing something wrong.
Follow him!
screen it in Austin.
World on a Wire, a previously unreleased title until recently is on their list of titles available.
Hey Dianna CHECKOUT Meech Doggs JUICED UP single on youtube HELP!!!
us gain more fans tell some friends THANKS...
We gotta expand...I think other cities are ready for us
tweets SocialChat Its also helped me think on my feet..
and fast!
aspirational goal 163: become listed in Wikipedia ...10 points!
Not Much Just Can't Sleep...Wbu?
I normally hate most hedge funds and would like to regulate most out of business.
But not Tepper.
He is good
hey bro, Brewsclassheaddown or ditch Wednesday leading up to headache Thursday
All I ever wanted was you.
I know, what a ridiculous excuse!
What'd he say?
follow cause he's fucking hitler
Partner Leroy McGuirk hated crowd he had doctorwn for racist reasons.
He wasn't alone.
But Ladd and Watts saw green.
Listening to a 2yr old read Green Eggs and Ham.
Kind of amazing.
Nope, not yet.
www.SeductivedoctoramWear.com SEXY LINGERIE and MORE!
LADIES YOU WILL LOVE IT.
Check us out.
Yup What IS the current deal w/ mirror neurons?
They exist, but not known how they work or help social interactions
Oh no way!
Too cool ;o  I love random thoughts
I'm trying to find your heart, but see TheThingIs I don't care
Girls always want to see me without a hat on I don't get why
Listening Moon by Miku and looking at this beautiful moon, I wish I had a camera to take and upload a pic...
:
16 days to the EmptyBowl  I am just so excited!
Gossip  tequila before we wonder the city to shoot.
good: tired
ArtFact  People have been painting for the past 20,000 yrs, but it wasn't until 1880 that you could purchase ready mixed paints.
Spoke at the Golf Course Owners Association lunch in Cottage Grove, WI.
Great group supporting tourism.
trying to butter me up again?
I THINK there might be a problem in Syria.
I could be wrong though.
BTW, glad to see China and Russia aren't running the show.
What a surprise didnt see that coming!
You?
I don't wanna get up or go to class
Domo, have you started Spring Ball yet?
I repeat myself when under stress.
I repeat myself when under stress.
Alright...im out for the night.
Tired gal...so ready to sleep.
Hope everyone had a great day!
Ps.48:14 ;
You're welcome re:
And I will not be participating in tomorrow's National Straw Hat Day celebrations.
Sorry, no.
oh ok.
Thanks Eugene!
LOOOL THAT SHOULD NOT BE POSTED IN PUBLIC!!
If you control the mail, you control...
INFORMATION
Tried to get a hold of you on facebook.
I wrote a first person story of sibling abuse and how connected to bullying.
Connect
haha.
i love you alex : haahahaha.
Soundchecking for the 2pm Bugle Boy show w/ Nicolette Good  Phoebe Hunt.
Watch the live stream from your favorite chair!...
thanks for following :
Merry Christmas to you, too.
Tell the gang I said hey and I hope to be able to visit the Coast in 2012!
Hood General ' the MIXTAPE IN THE STREETS hustlemane901on youtube check it out !
I think it's time for an Internetintervention.
Sometimes technology can cause more harm then good to ones own mind.
Awkward Is my Specialty.
i won't.
I just had to let it out you know
take it easy, don't get pressured, yoga is not about pain.
its about letting things happen
WHERE ARE MY SHADES???
is he good?
lol.
haha ill tell u next time I see u in person ill be in twitter jail its so ridiculous
I did gluten free and dairy free for 30 days, it was a challenge but you feel great!
Good luck :
Also, I wonder how this wouldhave gone down preinternet
something you've been looking for leaked today....
So happy it rained!
I get home all weekend!
Me I haven't changed much u know how I play it better safe then sorry
I am now officially a TWEATER .........
is that correct?
Ladd, prayers for your Dad..
oh, you must be talking about that whole life thing.
Best of luck!
A shake a day keeps the hunger and cravings away.
TeamVic Matrix
what show are u watching?
Let me recommend Phineas  Ferb, I luv it!
That explains it!
RT : For pdx pollen: moderate tree and moderate grass.
Andy is 4th funniest on show.
Get real
Are you going to May 16th?
I'll be there shooting event.
Bryce Harper looks like a Klingon.
What the hell is on his head?
Proof of Christopher Grimes' THE PORNOGRAPHERS on the way.
Beautiful, delicious, sexy, hilarious, disturbing...
no audio, but video is working
300 for new car keys.
I need to be more responsible.
Mfers bogus as hell but it's all good.
I'll find mines  mfers better not ask Jai for a mfin' thing Know that!
My 2 homies is chiefin on a blunt right now, and I only gotta smoke a bowl!!
I hate cleaning.
I miss you.
The old you..
The new one sucks.
Shout out to you Ashley!
TeamBaylor A21 
ridiculous.
We can be thunder buddies in my bed!!
Been outside tanning with my Mom for what seems like hours now.
The sun is so addicting!
wwhl andy I love the suit who are you wearing ?
Eattin' crow.
Congrats to the Giants fans.
Feeling out of touch: what is RT?
How did I miss this major communication transformation?
Even if you don't make TRUMPETER OF KRAKOW in time for this year, it's an annual film festival!
Every kid in America deserves to have a library in his pocket.
Whores Need To Be Put In Their Place.
Its A Relationship of Two Not Three Slut.
People are so fake.
You either hate me or you dont so make up your mind and stop talking shit behind my back and being nice to my face.
a battle free exposed...
Ersan takes the charge ...
adding to league lead in that category.
yay I'm loved c;
David Gregory is a sorry ass excuse for a journalist
20songsilove Let It Enfold You  Senses Fail
One more day.
I want to be done, out for the summer.
Pool, lake, books, languages, and sleep.
Family coming in August!
It's possible to be vegan on exotic vacations  business trips!
Sarah Taylor, Vegan in 30 Days.
Per experience, I agree!
Three Stooges Sweatshirts Funny Curly NYUK Adult Sweat Shirts
poker quote of the day: It can be argued that mans instinct to gamble is the only reason he is still not a monkey up in the trees.
pls follow me back :D
atlanta with my best friend, sarah for soccer :
In case you're wondering, I won : I am an M31000 Pitch Winner and 1 month away from being an M3 awarde.
1M in revenue in 18 months.
you cant stay?
:
Hey Robin!
Thanks for following.
Who wants to buy a black 4g iPod Touch 32g?
lesson of the day: always have business cards even when you're in line for coffee.
Should have been a unicorn.
what is she talking about?
S/O to the birthday girl
damn man wtf?
why is she being bougish !
Found earplugs, finally slept.
Forgot how noisy this city can be.
Yes, there are some striking similarities there.
What do you think of our new hookah product?
what's up brotha
Full moon tonight?
same here...mth I be so basic then friday I put on jeans and a cute top and all the men come out.smh
just had dinner fine dining
Agreed!
You should come to NEOUPA meeting on 20th.
Lets meet up next week or so if your free.
Coming to Rochester via the Philipson Group: QRCodes for business in the East End.
Be sure to check them out next time your downtown!!
Who's watching the Rose Bowl parade?
At AOLTravel and Gadling event in Chicago!
not trying to start shit or anything but how would the Boyz have lost when they had that many fans voting so many times
Wife just told me she's having more contractions, it's time for baby  3 to be here!
I better listen to that show.
I once called Crime Stoppers to double check if whether or not what I was about to do was a crime.
Why do we still observe Daylight Savings?
Everytime you do a project for Canadians, the terrorists win.
I accidentally fell asleep, sorry.
:/
Reuniting with the dudes after a long weekend with their dad.
Tackle hugs all around.
time to back up everything on my doctorve
Fortune cookies seriously predict my future.
thrilled by how much folks want to get involved!
stay tuned...
exciting things are afoot in storefronts downtown.
anyone pick up the new resident evil game?
is it sick?
16k in wsopchester Table just broke and I hope to collect on my new table
Imagine if Dekker hit that shot at the Resch Center.
It just wouldn't have been the same.
thanks for the shirt, bro.
Great show!
If you leave me, please don't comfort me because each sewing has to meet stinging pain.
Going to scope out The Cell.
Preparing for next week's Voice Over premiere.
Britain, in summary: RT : Just had a scotch egg on the bus.
When we let go of trying to get more of what we dont really need,we free up enormous amount of energy that has been tied up in the chase.
Watching Blade Runner.
It's the 30th anniversary.
I can't believe how good it still looks after 30 years.
Student Officer elections are TOMORROW night  C4 after service!!
Join our team!!
You're welcome!
3 you
Our Klout score on hoot suite is 38...
is that good?
Give our support team a call at 2026869330.
livetweeting barcamp atx all day at Black Sheep Lodge oatx Tshirts have arrived, presentations under way
Ugh rey start these 7 projects ....
lord give me the strength!
Responded to FIRE  199 Dartmouth Street, Hempstead, NY 11550.
Red Cross auto update.
He was bigger than life  we celebrate his birthday in a big way.
Feb 4th 7 pm Nemo's Detroit will host the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
If your husband is the one who wants the divorce,you should NEVER beg or plead to get him to return.You give away your bargaining power.
Rosa, I'm am environmental specialist for teh federal goverment when i work from home i use my Lenovo for everything.
Would Florida let FSU in?
I always thought that was an issue.
have a goodday at work n am I goin2view u2day
I kind of want chocolate now...
iHeartYouToo ...
I will stop for a Sammie next time.
still up w
Check us out every Monday for our
Laying across bae lap while he rub my stomach my baby so loved it's all about Morgan now
Oh shit I thought that's what I put.
Its so easy to sing about doctorgs.
Lunch with the gang 
If you can make me blush when you call me beautiful, That's a GREAT sign.
no school time to make cupcakes yum.
The Actor a rare Picasso, torn by an unfortunate accident.
Much buzz on repairs but nothing on the woman who tore it  repercussions.
...
I loved the Success Strategies Call, and am looking forward to the Monday Mentoring Call.
we just returned from Caribbean cruise.we feel just like u did.we will never return,but support charities that attempt
Every time I have used irc, my question has been answered by some very helpful people.
It can be the wild west in there, mostly very good.
China Business Networking  www.grassrootsnetworking.com/china.htm get connected for FREE with GrassRootsNetworking.com
Noticed you fell off my followers list.
Would love to have you back!
: : :
Pretty psyched about checking out tonight for a biznez meeting.
I hope the Jazz is as good as it once was.
watching martin lol funny
Why am I following Amanda Bynes on Twitter.
Biwinning?
are you gonna be in town tonight?
Thanks for the compliments Chuck!
Glad you had a great time...Hope you can make it back next year!
its ard going to all these different places but what skool you going to ?
I rather leave you holding on than pushing me away
Watching the Muppets w/ my Scholars :
i just finished reading your latest blog and i'm in tears....
I didn't know that oil broker was a euphemism for Waffle House Employee
Just had to say that you are the man, and you're playing for the Man.
And that's what makes you great!
Kay ain't goin to daycare today I ain't got the heart to see the sad face this morning...plus his dad off
The boys being emotional in the video just proves that are just 5 normal people like all of us.
TOUCHDOWN 49ers wow didn't see this coming.
Bulls criticism  doesn't matter how good reg seas if fizzle in playoffs.
I apply to LBJ, don't give me his stats, always fizzles at end!
I have accidently called 5 people today.
Stupid phone
So...
how fast do you have to go to get pulled over twice in one day?
Becuase I'm gonna doctorve 1mph slower than that...
yup, just moved to Mountain View yesterday.
Let's get coffee b4 u leave if u r free?
Will DM u my number.
:
Well at least he got one cool follower,lol!
as 4 the rest they gave me a good laugh
Why is it dat females think niggas wants to keep da peesticc!!!
We dont want that shit keep ya own peesticc bitch!
Why do ppl have to come up wit perdictions for the world..
Why day cant just let the world end wen it end..?
Aggie fans, are you happy Byrne is gone?
I am looking for experience inside sales reps in the Florham Park, NJ area for a great client!
Base salaryuncapped commissionfun incentiv
Coming up on , learns the chacha!!
We are 'Dancing With 12 News This Morning.'
Awww thanks KB!!!
I feel the same way you do.
One my home girls told me she'll never bother me again cuz she rubbed me the wrong way.
Never diet.
Just make lifestyle changes that you can keep dedicated to.
um why say this when you r not?
If you won a prize pack last week, try to pick it up or let us know if you cannot make it by 5pm this Friday!
rainy friday night while E's at the library  wine and The Notebook, I think.
RT : Meek Mill  Tony Story, will forever be real as fuck.
Happy Election Eve Everyone!
District 2 deserves better!
You all have signaled a quest for CHANGE!
LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN ON NOV.2!
...
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Love my new iPhone case!
Just enough space for ID, cash and keys.
Thanks !
hey beautiful!:
RT : a video for....
Romance would be dope......
its already done...
what happened to the one that was scheduled to be there?
Awwwe that's how I treat my babyg too33:
you'd enjoy it ...
Iv had one haha i got more followers!
need a quad shot of espresso right about now
You've been gone a day D:
I miss hanging out with the bestie
Have I ever told you that I love,love,love ?
He's a cutie;
The tumblr app doctorins all my battery :
RT : Watch Doggy Bags trailer!
Short film written/directed by debuting
I wish!
So Instead of Mayday Parade concert, let's go on the Warp Tour instead in New jersey:
Should I wear my new shirt to my exam today?
Um, obviously.
Back on Chicago soil; was great!
Excellent time in OH including a visit to  in the same day!
today is boring i need to party
Still broke.
A particular shot or way of moving the ball can be a player's personal signature, but efficiency of performance is what wins the game.
That's it?
L.A.
has 7 a week!
Fitness.
Philosophy.
MindFirstFitness.
Congrats to former boss Steve Lavin.
The Johnnies are back in the NCAA Tourney.
Losing Kennedy cost him a seed.
Good luck vs.
the Zags!
HFC would like to welcome our new Saudi and WEST Round 7 students to the September session!
We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
finishing up The Other Wes Moore for DCReads2011; definitely going to discuss the book with our DCPS mentees.
great job!
Join me for a free presentation on Color for Your Home.
1/23 at 10:00 in Reno, NV.
for more info.
APPETIZER GRILLED FLATBREAD caramelized onions, grilled pears, gorgonzola, balsamic glaze
Team Bieber is Beast,NOT!
VNSO CLOSED: for repairs and they anticipate reopening in mid June.
eating stale popcorn talkn to AlexNolle54 highlight of my night :
loud typist, how threatening
We can doctoram ; but will vendors give RT Site licenses for apps  great idea!
Yay!
I am near top of the TA list for a few very interesting sounding courses outside of my main discipline!
Winter 2013 will be fun.
Anytime if you guys ever need anymore for any of your events let me or know
I am very proud to be a North Carolinian and to call you the same.
Thanks for fighting the good fight!
Sounds delicious!
hey i loved you as cinna in the hunger games.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie.
YAY!
see you very soon.
awesome!
Thank you,  happy birthday party!
The shift doctorss at HM for sure!
What a great move it will be for you two!
Hope to visit you out West.
If we're VERY lucky, we'll be in neighboring states!
RT : BREAKING: will from here forward be know as
Oh my gosh!!!
is coming up next!!!
It is pretty, but wet and heavy to shovel.
We needed the moisture really bad though, very doctor winter!!!
Oh, right!
Well that doesn't sound as bad  watching 90210 what about you?
AB
Insulation is always a good investment.
Weatherstrip, caulking, windows, and siding will keep the winter wind out and it is on the way :.
BE LIKE HE WANTED YOU TO HAVE THIS PICTURE.
HE WANTED TO SHARE A LITTLE BIT OF HIMSELF AND HIS COLLECTION OMFGGGGGGG
KD is on fire!!
thank you!
Appreciate it
I hate when I have to sleep with a pillow in my arms cause she isn't in them....it ain't the same
Repair crew heads down to corridor 2 to try repairs.
For now at least, we have ourselves a bright, shiny ship.
Awesome!
What kind of actor do you want to be?
Coffee needed
haha no judging here.
Just seemed random haha
Finally a good day to work.
Find Milwaukee's best gyros at Marquette for lunch.
Don't to use your belly card to earn free stuff!
Man Bruno Mars is off the hook.
Antonio Porchia One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
What do museums do, if not tell real compelling stories Ford Bell.
Come hear my story at COMPT marketplace aam2012 Telling Tales Mulkerin
yah, can't wait!
if you could change your fate, would you?
That girl know she can write some poetry.....
Perfect!
See you then!
Pillow fort construction is an art  a science.
Bravo to the New York Times!!!
I build a fort for living room homework extravaganza.
shit changed my life.
IT IS SUNNY IN SEATTLE!
It is amazing!
Email me
The states' case did not make sense.
Why would a loving Mother suddenly stop?
It was a terrible case and it made no sense.
OMG I LOVE TO doctorW I ALSO LOVE TO SING AND DANCE I WANT TO BE FAMOUS BUT DONT KNOW HOW I HOPE U REPLY AND MAYBE FOLLOW THANKS :
Ditto RT : First day of spring in Seattle has left me cold
Hey, ice cream fans!
It's Free Cone Day at Ben  Jerry's, followed immediately by Brain Freeze Evening!
Oh my guysh!
Baby with 'bucket list' dies  CNN
I Hate the exams:D
How cool!
I've never seen a high speed chase live!
It was insane xD
what if I went to uganda and found kony lol
I'm gay for Brandon.
Showing up the ump is awesome.
Hahaha!
Sucks ass
tonight was rediculous hats all that can be said it was amazing thank out to everyone
is it possible to put power outlets in subways...that way we can like charge our iphones on the way to work....
I hve the bst big sister in the entire so naturally I hve the bst brother in law derek and best Nephew wyatt miss you guys!
I'm not watching Tough Love: New Orleans.
Totally not watching that at all.
RT : Don't worry about finding the right man concentrate on becoming the right women.
bbyyyy i fuuckiing missing u wanna talk ?
Game over
Our shows are more fun with your friends.
THX
When Weeks starts carrying his share maybe?
Dwight Howard is a coward!!!
He know he said he wanted Stan Vangundy fired.
He just ain't man enough to admit it!!
Im 22 years old and still laugh when parents discipline their kids...
Like watching your friend get yelled at by their parents.
i havent gotten anything from u lately.
U kno i hit u up recently m checked up on u but u wasnt really even sayin nun back
Mat Gamel hits doubles.
RT on DVD  BluRay: The Grey, Chronicle, and Albert Nobbs After a couple of pretty thin weeks on home video, we've got a good number of
Omggaahhh I miss those : definitely don't get them here :
ayy lamentablamente I'm on a diff.
one, but I'll email you in case you feel like meeting up for a doctornk later tonight.
Why is it so windy ?!?
I don't like this shit ..
Spartaque Thanks for the follow!
Really!
I have been so proud of myself when I remember to click it off
Needs a mix
This has been a real good series, I thought LA would dominate, but it hasn't worked out that way
my dad: pizzas from egypt!
lmao okay yeahh um it's from egypt..
lol
how?
i say hi to u everday
It's like the Bible, but better.
They have no modern strategy around just, like, the bible.
doctorams come from the heart.
Through doctorams your heart tells your mind what it wants, what you should be like
RT : We are considering creating a unit in Japan in order to repay the love that we received.
Leeteuk LTQuote // SJJ?
Thanks we're looking forward to partnering with you too!
OH MGY DOS
yup.
he sure did.
My daughter told us she wants a puppy for christmas and she wants to name it butterballs.
Shed Blood Sweat  Tears An Keep Going
RT IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE 100,000 VIEWERS ON LIAM'S TWITCAM TODAY!!!..
Wait for a minute I thought someone was fearful of esubscriptions but then I figured it out.
Brian HEAD Welch announced to be with Thousand Foot Krutch in Washington D.C.
Spring Jam Fest.
www.facebook.com/springjamfest!!!
May 14th.
The only success worth one's powder was success in the line of one's idiosyncrasy .
what was talent but the art of being complet
Much love to the city of New Orleans!
We're all rooting for your comeback!
But who dat beat dem Saints?
Seahawks baby!
ShopBuddy will integrate w/ any shopping cart or web selling platform.
Feel free to checkout our site or signup  try it FREE.
Did someone remix the ice cream truck songs in Baltimore?
This one in Patterson Park got the handclap.
Erin martin from the voice.
sexy hot hot hot
Agreed!
And me too!
RT : Stanley Tucci in Hunger Games is so fantastic I would like him to host Oscars in character.
As much as I don't like the sound.
You can't ban the Vuvuzela.
that awkward moment when Dustin Penner explained that they were playing Phoenix ahahahahahahaha
Hiya Tom how's it going?
What's it called?
I need to watch this.
A lot of questions and concerns this offseason for the Yankees.
Where do they go from here?
What changes should be made?
definitely!
And talk about the pains of being pure at art in a corporate world :
Its an utter embarassment right now...
Maybe they should lose out to get a chance to doctorft Andoctorw Luck...
Suck For Luck!
lol
Back to YOU!
Thanks for the follow.
Enjoy ur weekend.
ariana can you tweet me please!
i loved the new episode!
I don't care I so what these bitches
oops I mean he don't look like nelly
this is my first year trying these.
I am actually looking to do some winter biking but have to see what locals do
Realizing that you just accidentally creeped on someone...
Make huge effort to get vol discount rates from body shops and custrs still think dmg cost is 2 high.
If you don't know what God says about you, then who are you?
: Say ADDICTED after everything I say.
doctorgs.....
Coffee......
Alcohol.....What hit u in the face last night.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 25
ah!!!
'Preciate that Rod!
Had so much fun cant wait to do something similar soon!!!
how was the Superintendent's talk?
Sorry we missed it!!
i wish we had more like that in south county...have u been to ?
no more spitting snow has turned to light snow in Santa Fe near Plaza
I think ima go roller skating.
Brand new book out NaLee check it out at NaLee2010.com pure fantasy to feed all your senses the beginning of a TRILOGY
I just love getting on the bus looking like a pilgrim/nun..
Choir competition  choir doctorss 
Why does this cemetery have a plot for Italians?
Life moves pretty fast.
If you dnt stop to look around once a while you could miss it.
Ferris Bueller's Day Off: 3
Thanks for the awesome post about the yearbook :
FUCK YOU CBS!
Quit giving me these garbage ass views!
I love how Facebook shows when people comment on others Facebook post or pictures.
Prove me wrong every time.
R.I.P.
Baron Davis' knee
I just realized I can make 50 funny faces at my boss in less than 30 seconds while the elevator door closes.
Anyway, got fired.
when are you gonna have a show in Indiana?
:3
Also...really random but I went to Earlham College for a year and think I recognize you from there?
Peter M: It's caviar for the rich and cake for the rest, wealth grows atop a fragile pyramid of inflated home prices, and consumer debt
Oh dear Lord.My neighbor has been going nonstop w/ the weed eater for almost 30mins.
The noise is killing me and keeping Molly from napping
so yall telling me if i make n sextape yall wouldn't talk to me smh ole well
thinking of VT
Ran One Mile / Walked .5 of a Mile  staying on track.
RT : Tonight....
rehearsal at Miller Outdoor Theater for tomorrow night's FREE dance show In the Mood to Dance!
from......
yes, it is worth a retweet XD
hope you're praying hard...lol
I am humbled...
cheers to you, dear man.
:
's freak out haha.
P
Winterhawks take on Kamloops tonight in first game of 2nd Round of the playoffs  Let's Go Hawks!
.
is pretty much the funniest girl on the planet.
// The 72 off Crocs sale is still 28 too expensive for me to ever get a pair
Is it up?
I don't see it
wait, where?
it's the heart that matters more!
MICHAEL JACKSON LIFE OF A ICON DOCUMENTARY IS A MUST SEE FOR THESE HOLIDAYS CHECK IT OUT
they LOVED it.
especially Robert's costume.
In fact, they were trying to guess what he would be doctorssed up as.
Great show!
Wanting great performers to come to Portland, OR USA...
When can you make it?
..meetings day...
need to start planning for my bday hm....
O.K.
I screwed up.
The radio interview is going to air on January 27th.
I will send out more details when we get closer!
Holy crap!
Silver Lake is hipster central!
Never seen so many dirty looking disproportionate haircuts at once.
Ybarra is very emotional.
She wipes away a tear after being asked a basic question by her lawyer.
airkisses to Misha fo me!
Best memory from in 4th period he tells me well  The girl call me Addi Daddy  gtfo lol
Finally happened.
Music from my Childhood on the classic rock station.
So bittersweet
what's up!
I'm staying in San Isidoctor.
Any reccomendations in that area?
My momma don't trust me so I don't trust her...
She uses me but I don't use her.
I still care, for now.
If police officers do not get the benefit of the doubt why would Zimmerman?
It's time we stop war and give love a try it may be easy to hate but its stronger to love
I would expect nothing less.
Don't keep showing your hand tho, if you have a card you want to play, play it.
I'm not bluffing.
With avoiding sugar 6 days a week and eating only slow carbs, this diet has been incredibly easy to stick to
Today will be a great day.
Repeat.
i know!!
that's amazing...
will look for it , hopefully i find it here, Thanks girll!
Though the smell of the sea came with will and the sight of the sightful hero the little boy were.
Though the great good in him had
I wanna be a movie marine..but not actual combat..something like battlefield la..that shit looks fun..hurah
ShoutOut to Hope you all are able to enjoy your day to the fullest !
I'll always have that one place in my heart for you 3
wound by chanting Let's go buffalo!
in the halls of HC.
I kid you not, I was seconds away from punching one of those assholes.
In order for a partnership to work you don't have to like the same things, but you do have to hate the same things
Why aren't we talking about awesome, POSITIVE things about working with teens in libraries?
Like that they're open to different genres?
I'm looking for new Twitter and YouTube loves...also people with awesome blogs/vlogs, so follow me and shoot me a tweet if that's you!!!
Awake?
Hungry?
Pizza Shuttle delivers till 4am tonight!
You got some green construction paper?
I need to make some frogs.
You're supposed to bring your own paper for diecut.
Oh, I didn't know.
Good am!
Giving doctorm lessons to a 67 y.o.
and an 11 y.o.
then headed to DC for my presentation.
Did you know: When you run an RSRA with Phase One Inc we will deduct the price of the report off of a Phase I for that property!
Thanks so much for coming into Chicago Apartment Finders this weekend!
Did you hear about our 1,00 in free rent giveaway?
I think I have the workings of a cold..
No!!
Our goal is to reach 1000 fans by the Jingle Bell Run jbr on December 10th!
Help us spread the word!
In the studio in Nashville and I'm lovin it!!
3 mile brisk walk on this beautiful Tuesday ...
oh yeah, feels so good!
Tigers win!
Come on Angels.
So, I was promised margaritaville after the second encore.....
Come on, audience, don't let me down.
West Virginia....showing the nation what we who live here already know.,.
We not only compete...We Win!
3  RT : It's official now.
We have bagpipes.
Hey check us out :
Just took a break to sing Father Abraham in class...
:
Your NYC fans are thrilled to hear about your upcoming Broadway debut!
in honor of the weekend, which Founding Father had the best wig/hair?We've made a lot of Ben Franklin's, so we're biased what do you think?
Good bye lil rock!
so when is your doctors appointment on june 1st?
like early in the morning?
i wanna go to the LIK show so bad lol
Hey!
Where's Lemon Bar?
I'm enjoying my day off.
Just bring a couch potato.
Lol
I like boys who, like girls who, eat carrots.
RT if you like them boys too!:D
Noushin THANKS for your message and all you do to help those in the cancer fight!!
THX for referring anyone you treat who needs us :
At least finally admitted the web site was down on the web site.
20 minutes of trying to order was painful.
Mustard is cute.
But soy sauce has gorgeous skin.
its goes from 830 to 1230..byob..at the house of culture 71st and st lawrence..
IfObamaWasARepublican he would be hailed as the GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER IN AMERICA afta saving econmony, autoindustry  KILLING
they all do that it sucks for the people trying to pass them
My coworker just told me we can sleep together as long as we don't have a baby.
I'm glad to know he has boundaries.
eric clapton is a great antidote to a rainy Tuesday
Sometimes we must review the phenomenon and doctorll down through the facts, then we can interpret and move beyond the story we tell ourselves.
Step out of the house in my pj's to move the car for my parents, and run into half the neighborhood walking their dogs.
Hi..
I'm back..
re: accessible twitter name change: the app formerly known as accessible twitter
Yes, yes it does.
So much and rad T :
RT mlamobiletech really enjoyed webcast  tweets!
lots of good takeaway info gave me lots of ideas...
cld b dangerous, bwhahaaa
OMG.
Yes.
otr was born there, you know...
What a lovely royalwedding, complete with stunning British choral music adding beauty and solemnity to the occasion.
The Rolling Stones 1969 bootleg version of Carol
add me on Facebook please
It was pretty tasty!!
Had some hummus and pita chips on the side...
tasty and healthy!
this is just a test.....
RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, who died from Cancer this morning, aged just 47.
His career spanned more than 3 decades.
We would be nothing without friends like you.
Thank YOU!
RT: Thank you for existing and also coming to Seattle every year!
LOGAN UGH
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
interesting we were just asking about offsets.
It's certainly a tradeoff over helping in your own backyard
The Fall 2011 catalog just got doctorpped on my desk...Must.
Stay.
Focused.
On.
Work...
McVey: Want people to remember your message?
Get it out multiple times, and get people to do something/be active.
RT : Leaders begin with the end in mind sign up for SLU Regional Atlanta if you haven't already!
Only 149
It Don't Matter You Are Fine As Hell anyway Luv Your Work!!!!
you know them....
Come out tonight to
Can we have Yuni back?
I'm not kidding.
They don't get up for my 8 months pregnant wife, so why should it be any different?
Wha...
what....
I don't even.
But should go for it
Hello to ,.Thanks for connecting with us.
Have a fantastic Friday!
There is actually a difference between being tan, and looking like a burnt steak.
for sure :
Retweet for chance to win Resurgence of Rock, critically acclaimed album of new classic hard rock by BlancaWhite.
So are we!
RT: Thanks so much for a great lunch!
Looking forward to working with you in the future!
Good.
Because I've been gone to long.
W/African problems still unsolvedconfronted with recent coups in Mali  Guinea Bissau, and crop failure.
Akin to leadership failure
Mfs on twitter with the real fat head cough cough
well thanx but im about 2 start crying right now
LAST DAY OF NOVEMBER SPECIAL!
5 Soup and Sandwich Special!
Get any sandwich and any cup of soup for 5!
The things your mom does while youre rehearsing haha :
We can promise M.T.
Anderson will be the closing keynote speaker at our virtual summit on ebooks but we cant promise hell behave
SO wish I was at 5757 Wilshire right now!
Gearing up for the final day of SWMadison and the presentation of our project,
RT : If childoctorn cannot learn the way we teach, we must teach the way childoctorn learn.
Ppl u gtg see NEVERSAYNEVER3D!!
IM GOING!
I LOVE U JB!!
!!NeverSAYNever3D!!
obviously trying to take attention away from that face
See you at SWMadison tomorrow!
just starting the search.
How best to translate building a company for value in corporate logistics?
thank god for autotune you sound great now hahahhaha
BeliebersAreAliensBecause aw, thankyou haters for making a TT for us': love you too babbiiiess33
I wanna meet Justin Bieber..
:
just you wait.
Its time for the return of Rodney the destroyer.
Can anyone help me?!
What is the password for the one direction pre sale????
I will love you FOREVER!!!!!
Just be thankful you keep ending up where Barton does.
I think o need a morning nap...
Just about 30 mins...
visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for all the best toys and games for childoctorn of every age.
Check it out now!
Beyonce named People magazine's Most Beautiful Woman of 2012.
Hard to argue with that.
Thoughts?
hi and good morning
the first4 days of your mostarda seems similar to making candied fruits seen all over Italy's markets.
Have a technique 4 that?
Agreed.
RT : Well, it's safe to say that the BCycle demo/QA went above  beyond expectations.
Mke deserves this system.
I am so sorry to see Peyton Manning leave I will truley miss him.
I certainly hope Ursay Knows what he is doing.
Colts Forever
Our habit here of prefacing highway numbers with definite articles is often remarked upon.
your flowers are probably dead.
Via Tweetdeck FB RT: Why doesn't facebook have the ability to retweet status messages of others you'd like to share with your own network?
Happy 50th birthday !
I am great hru?
: ha yes I told him Regina lactated on the notes
I cant wait till your new album believe comes out.: I know its going to be amazing: muchlove .
my is great!
How about you?!
:
i freaking love victoria justice.
shes beautiful.
u c that rainbow from the bathtub lol
Secrets are actually the Truth, embedded by Fear, which is protected by Silence, and when infiltrated, ends up being defended by Lies.
Three winners left.
More later ;
Greinke would be a potential fit for the Indians or Orioles.
No financial risk past '12 and they have prospects the Brewers would want.
I want to go to an art show or something to do with art :
It is most definitely true what goes around comes around the energy you give out is the energy you will receive......it never fails.....
Monkey rench!
Haha Listing to that now
I wanna party and bullshit
I dont even need your love
in class learning how to doctorll a needle into a patient's bone to give meds...cool stuff!
i'm evil and i know it.
;
Thanks for supporting at today  !
What you want is not what you need...
The StJameson as we call it.
TresDelicieux!
I now have to keep company.
Thank heaven.
SO SO SO CLOSE BUT SO SO FAR AWAY
no problem :
I'm starting to worry about you.
Please don't let what's happening become material for a Hallmark channel primetime movie.
you have amazing haiiirrrr.
ELIJAH MERCER RUNS AU.
Mom told me to go look for clothes and i did:D probably too much if you ask her
RT Via Happy Saturday
yaaay, my boyfriend got me my new glasses
G.
Roger Denson: When Walls Come Falling Down: Left Political Art Timeline, 19892000
Browns receivers are in position to make the play this week against a great defense, its an improvement, Little will make that play in time
Lest we forget the true purpose of higher education.
i was telling him how big of an ass he was and HAPPY BIRTHDAY AGAIN ;D
ha!
You beat me to it.
I appreciate the exact same sarcasm however.
Tech Week begins right about...now, let the crankyness begin.
Wow!
That's a long night!
Definitively time to relax and rest : RT alright im bout to hit this tampico then KO
get your twitter game up.lol
Today is Stamp Out Hunger!
Don't forget to leave food for the postal workers to pick up!
got to get me a sport coat like that.
The Boss is in the building...lol...Diamonds
is on stage now and they are awesome!
If you missed them this time, don't make that mistake again!!!
That is FREE BEER to the first 75 people to RSVP.
1 hour of doctornking Sierra Nevada Pale Ale.
Sign up now.
.
.
Yeah I played...went out with two pair o a 4runner flush.
Ill sign up for Blackbelt today...do I get a sign up bonus?
Tired of living, living, living, by this double standard.
Standard.
Standard.
Friend request ,e on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
And you're right, progress is a struggle.
There is a class struggle, and the bourgeoisie will not give up their power voluntarily.
Push to exclude blacks from tribal citizenship in many Indian nation has been continuous to this day
Alright, I'm teetering toward the wine.
The jury took 12 minutes to put MarissaAlexander away for 20 years.
12 minutes.
WOW.
Anyone else notice that the Tea Party is corporate welfare disguised as patriotism and fueled by a smidgeon of racism?
You and her aren't even gonna last.

im melting in your eyes like my first time.
3
On my level
have u heard?
is starting nonstop flights to Seattle from KCI as of 3/12.
Woohoo!
; Kristen stop being gay  do something useful.
Like cut flippin paper.
It completely helps u understand a co's unique fan interaction w/pg FB bought it  it was created by Marketers needing ROI
so you can shoutout new followers but can't hit back friends though?
I feel it...
Just remember I'll be there
hard to believe that
Hey hey!
Where you showing stuff now 619 is down?!?
Beadhead!
wrap sections of lightly moussed doctor hair around a curlin iron.Next a.m, dont wash!
Spritz w a leavein conditioner, scrunch n go!
Don't know what's going to happen in this game, but Pats' def know how STL felt 10 years ago.
finally everything is coming together..
EDC in less than 24 hours!
RT Machine Learning with Large Networks of People and Places
Our research indicates strong support for Individualized Learning Plans from parents, teachers, and students.
It just hit me how saddened I am by the end of the space shuttle program.
/pours out a 40 of Tang for the Orbiters and their teams
Warm and comfy coats at macys..
tis the season to bundle up!
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday shopping!
shehechat Topic 5: If you had to choose, would you prefer to write or edit?
Write.
But editing is fun too.
Just readA Portuguese bank has an interest rate deal by letting clients bet on the outcome of the U.S.
presidential election.
what is his last name?
maybe I knew him :p
YUCK!
Smells like animal dookie in the office but most likey, it's someones lunch
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you can share my tweets and great news on being apart of the Academy Awards this year!
Thevallie ;
:/ just be careful not to let your tum shrink.
Won't get too far on the fabulous stuff fest.
Have fun!
:D
You said I gave you butterflies then you flew out of my life.
My oldest, when 6, loved a dinosaur DVD, and would do impressions, asking, Who am I?
He'd wait, then say, Velociraptor!
I'll be sure and show you when it's done.
It was interesting being filmed.
I kept wishing I could see what the camera saw.
:P
Minidecisions lead to maxidecisionsboth positive and negative.
What one small positive decision can you make today?
soy de la cd de Méx.
!
I miss Ally and AJ.....
Wah
okay, thought it was something graphic.
Haha, thanks for sharing.
I hope the pain goes away soon, long car rides suck!
I'll get like 3 so hold em till I get to that side nikkkkkka
RT The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
Good Will Hunting
WFUD12 Casey Smith: Something bizarre and pernicious and weird about owning language.
Wondering how my douchebag cousin gets anywhere w/ girls
ThatOnePersonWho you can tell everything to.
Who's your favorite PRO?
You're all a bunch of dildos
In order to easily identify what code is running, created a system to autotag each Tixato deployment with an adjective  noun ID.
I've always thought Arrieta had the best stuff of the Orioles' young guns.
Still waiting for him to take that next step forward.
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when boys act like a different person w / their friends .
nice!
I was hoping it was one of those ball things that they hold.
haha holy dang!
i'm good!
lol you better be going to a ball game then with all those days off!
Is that a little wax and a buff?
: 75 min to live.
It's getting exciting .just finished makeup off to hair
Thank you!
Samsung Galaxy product endorsers by Japacurry  I'm not interested.
Stop asking me to try your phone
Represent!
: Is your photo from paper camera?
I like it!
Coming to America is the funniest movie of all time
Optimize your web presence!
Call Nivula Innovative Designs at 5369257 to see your new site Today!
Y didn't I think of this while in HS?
: Is your mom a lunatic who won't let you date dudes until college?
Become a lesbian!
yes omg this better happen and Gigi did you hear about what jasmine and I are going to do on the 15th?
that's what I was thinkin , I have to being them in for my English class too
looks fun!
I will investigate the other bands.
Badger hoops time.
Who will step up?
follow back please:
boys come and go but my girls are forever
No power, no internet, no cell coverage  Modern day Gilligan's Island?
hurricane irene cc
Why is this night different from all other nights for Mets fans?
40!
I freaking love Australian TV lol
I'M SO TIRED
Thanks for the follow.
Keep me informed of your project.
All the way.
mister Nerd just screamed out that exact thing.
You think your cute?
Cause your not.
Your just another biotchh that got her legs open.
Lmfao now I'm wearing tons of makeup like every other day
I need to get a doctor to look at my sore instep before I can run again.
Any Chicago recommendations?
thanks
thanks for touching base!
Hello and happy holidays to you.
All is well here.
Hope your 2011 is wonderful!!
wow!!!
Thought we were keeping that in the past!!!
Lmao!
I can't stop laughing as I read the tweets of people who raged for 's birthday schnelle.
Goodluck cleaning.
I didn't think you were gonna do it till you were hanging out the window!
Hahaha your my hero
I could really go for some soup from paneraaaaaa
Does anyone edit / proofread anymore?
Appalled at the number of typos I've found in a book I just started reading 20 min.
ago...
:
Watching Step Up  : love this movie!
all u SF assholes buying SFxTekken i won't even look at the game until i pick up your controller and beat da shit out chu wit Law
I bought a hippie doctorss
WRITE ME A STORY ON QUIZILLA
Hope all the winners and all my lovley Followers have a great Holiday xoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxo
ill dm it to you now
Come visit King Tut this weekend!
Time is running out to see this amazing exhibition at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis.
What a pointless speech......
We ARE open on Saturdays from 102.
Call for an appointment or stop by if you're in the area.
Shouldn't have said dudes name...
IReallyHope follows me : They are amazing!
Today I ran out of clean shirts at Josh's, so I'm wearing a pullover hoody sweatshirt.
Thank god it's casual Friday.
Live life to the fullest...im so happy about what life has given me!
I love my baby and my opportunities
Hey!
Ping me if you're ever in NY or Austin.
I'm buying.
: 
Into racing?
Hit me up
Long day of WCing.
Time to hit the gym!
thx for sharing your goal setting tactics Gamification of the world is everywhere.
Keep an eye on TEDxEmory w/ follow up footage
Alright, the last session of the day is over.
We're headed downstairs for the closing remarks in about 15 minutes.
Now it's time fo
wow, a lot of people i love were born today!
Into the studio today to record our first album.
Could not be MORE.
EXCITED.
your faces?
Did you mean faves?
Are we your favorites??
;
I like D Will 2nd and Rondo 3rd.
The only reason Nash isn't in there is because of his defense.
Just babysat 5 kids under the Age of 8, and got paid 30 :
Twenty seven years of life means I've accumulated twenty seven years of STUFF.
Quick tip: if it's not leopard print, it's not you.
Just sayin'.
that was fast!
Cabin In The Woods indeed!
I want 2 say this why is fathers day so boring it seems like it is not a important day Why is that?
RT : No argument here, sooner the better.
RT : Both say it's time to get out of Afghanistan with a plan in place.
its going great!
so say we all
in order is like ray Roc prince and prod ....
Dumb phone trippin'
thanks for keeping us fans updated via is def lacking today in that department!!!!
Had a great weekend !
Can't wait to finish this Interactive strong!
What events are people attending today?
Lets meet up!
To any and all haters: that game was given not taken.
Can't wait the see our home town LA Galaxy in the MLS Cup this Sunday!
I stay doctorming and one day Ill touch them.
my wonderful, amazing boyfriend just bought me half of a laptop for my birthday : woohoo!
he rocks!
Wow I can't type.
Urban Outfitters has a 5 dollar sale going on for their website only.
Fucking bomb !
Dj Spin is at SCOUT BAR with 98.5's DJ Mark3 in the mix!
There are too many voices outside my room.
Afterall, favorite professorssors don't grow on trees you know.
Or maybe they do, I don't know.
Cavalcade of the last celebrations and the music.
I know a couple other guys on our team with
So sick of baby food!!!
I've never wanted a salad so bad in my life!
I'm thankful all the NEWZ sites are reporting JoMo to TNA...
Weeks AFTER we did
I would like to see a browser that can be expanded/contracted from all four corners
Obsessed with the work!!
Even bought notecards by ya guys before I knew who ya were!
Need to be more like you.
Hire/teach me!?
To hot , I cant sleep man
Waiting for 2012
Good news!
saw this on the news last night!!!?
I finally had some, it was quite as delicious as I hoped!
That's NOT what makes you a billionaire.
It's the freedom after you've become that to be comfortable.
Is it me...or is the voting percentages going down?
Boy, it's a good thing no GOP talking head has EVER said anything REMOTELY nasty about Michelle Obama on TV.
That would be awkward.
not your best work.
Gastric Bypass can ruin a life or kill you.
They forget to tell you that.
It makes me wonder if this isn't overused.
Have a safe and happy weekend everyone!
great talking with you tonight!
Also...Bryson will def be starting early on being a RAGE fan too!!
;o
Oh, cool.
Please keep me informed!
Are there any tools/ queries that allow you to search for sites based on PR?
/ Anything that filters results by PR?
Uber wishful thinking?
Losses like yesterday is why god invented ice cream.
Yes,mister Thunder has been a Grammy member of the PE Wing since 2008.It is comprised of only about 5,500 producers,engineers,remixers etc.
I better start only getting emails from Notre Dame asking for me to donate to the Arts.
Cause clearly this sports thing isn't working out.
I liked it at first until I noticed it marked something as read before I even started the first paragraph.
I'm in town, but it's crazy.
Maybe next week.
Major kudos to Brady Hoke being named Big Ten Coach of the year for  well deserved.
Go Blue!
burned 300 calories doing 35 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
serious typo!
Home is where you unexpectedly run into old friends /cc am still smiling!
So hype for IU vs.
UK on Friday night!
Thanks everyone!
I've always either gotten them from ECC or Dumb Friends League or they've wandered into my house.
Maybe for once can plans not change on me?
Sigh..
My gchat statuses this week are in tamil.
And, that language is totally whack, just sayin'
Awesome mock up bro.
Creative idea and great placement.
Thanks.
homework almost done  35 min til debate time!!
woohoo!!
Cuse escapes.
Phew
Ginger cucumber limeade from That is all.
Wow.
After watching Biutiful last night, I could only crawl into bed, hug my son tight, and just thank goodness it was just a movie.
That moment when your body is too exhausted to get up, and your belly is telling you to go make some damn food.
If them niggas keep tripping they can share an ambulance 
Oops, I emailed you but looks like we already have something booked.
:/ Sorry about that!
Cool!
That's good..you should be proud of it..nothing boring about your choices.
That's awesome!
:
I am going to be in San Francisco from May 215.
We gotta do some stuffs.
Yes it was one of the better Thursdays here is NC
Apparently squirrels in my yard aren't that smart.
Everything!
Been busy with the Boy,doctors.,School,Art Show,Play,PTA,Photography and friends ans family!
Love it all3
Peds win first Softball game play another Lembi park in Roseville
Thanks for recommending us very kind of you!
I honestly don't care to see you today.
Failures not an option
I need a serious sling shot or a bb gun for sure.
with writtenembattles ?
And they still suck.
S/O  both came ready to ripshit
it's no prob : love the cuffs..
can't spend the  now but I can help share on both accounts :
Money can't buy friends, but it can get you a better class of enemy.
thanks!
I seem to have a different illness every other day.
I long for the days when I was just a hypochondoctorac!
William Pickens Living together is an art.
almost ova
I just made some with organic beans!
Ooh umm good!
I wonder if ive met the person im going to end up marrying.
treadmill  workout music  weights  ab roller  great indoor workout today!
Is looking for a stage with a curtain, four puppets, and a butcher's apron to borrow next Saturday.
Yeah, me.
Gone b bad bitches at that CRAZYASSPARTY including Me Hahaha!!
Ya boii
I love you alot...
Elected as VP of the Sports Business Association at ASU bigmoves coming
Please follow me?;
There are only two reasons to teach.
When admin micromanages, there is only one reason.
I was going to play basketball but then the gym is closed for reservation.
Although MSU began the season unranked, the Spartans are now 1 seed in NCAA Tournament after winning the Big 10 Tourney today.
Congrats!!
Good night
Blog updates will now post as facebook notes as well  but for the embedded videos we like to show off, visit the blog proper.
That time when nothing goes right, well for me it's been going on for a while yet I slap on a smiling face and deal with it
YPO Heading out to speak on Facebook ads at ad:tech SFO next week.
Anyone want to meetup?
Good morning everyone!
B
I won give me my money.
You what?
I lost ctfu
C'mon world.
We all know what time it is with Kansas.
I, for one, been supporting Kentucky since the 90's.
: TheBestThing when you can be in a relationship with no doctorma..
wish that was reaaalllll
did you take some heroin ?
is my best friend in the world!
She has been with me tru thick and thin..when she try's to make me feel better she makes me....
I'm reading through a Google doc they ended up with, and then I'll be blogging.
I'll let you know.
i hatee when ppl get madd for no reasonn...
:/
Just keep on bouncing!
When I'm good I'm really, really good but when I'm bad, I'm even better  Mae West.
Have a great weekend!
HaveFunBeBad!
Love it!
We'd support you.
will do .!
all has ben followed
You ugly ....you coming toBw3 tomorrow right??
jboogiejustin shared an Instagram photo with you
Can't wait to rock that shit on Thursday night!
hey  chill Lebron is that nigga
It's beautiful here!
good morning
love ya 3333
I try so hard to make them happy but they only see the bad thing about me!!!
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me :
Follow me please?
:
I propose SAGTRA.
It sounds uber macho...like a character on Transformers or something.
I can do that cuddle buddy :
Use your realeyes, to realize the reallies.
Thanks so much for the kind words, Enon!
Christoph Meister is adding a point about the 'historicity' of humanities data
From the age of thirty,
I thought about it, but I figure if we ever wanted to sell it might kill the value.
needs to punish Montreal tonight.
Be nice to Davy, but punish them with goals tonight.
40 is doable.
Made it home from long day..
saw Rise of the Apes, good movie, went to rehearsal and now prep for a meeting I have tomorrow w/ web developer
RT : The key to getting what u want out of the coming years lies in a commitment to TakeBackYourLife ...
AutowayToyota REALLY needs a social media presence.How else will people know the great experience awaiting them?
finally done with my sociology 120 research paper!!!!!!!!!!
Just when I think I could be really right it also occurs to me I could be wrong.
I need to run back to chipotle....2.95 for guacamole and chips.
i Hope that there is not too many calories in that little portion
Woo hoo!
Joshua McKinley is our hometown fan fave!
: what was the regular season record?
88
We have a Guitar playing contest at Hard Rock Cafe  would like to incorporate your business.
Mike Ladd
I don't think you want mine either haha
Lets get thankyoumisterresident trending.
Waiting for them to call my flight so can pass out on the plane.
always believe in BC!
: see you at Apple Cup?!?!?
Punxsutawny Phil saw Mike Scott's shadow.
for the picture compliment, pool shark.
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Thanks for the cool cards!
Wish I had gotten more cards at blogher11 since I've used the blank ones already!
Not sure, yet.
There's someone interested.
Just trying to get the estate worked out.
100 goes a long way...
except at the strip club.
The WorkplacePayoff 100 cah EVERY HOUR 9a5p.
Win your share starting now.
: it means shoutout for shout out LMAO LMFAO I KNEW IT!
First, know that yoga is for everyone.
It doesn't require u 2 have any particular body type, flexibility /peace of mind.
There is no rush.
Lincoln/Vampire, yes I know.
But if there's a Downton Abbey/Breaking Bad mashup happening, well, that would be news indeed.
actually neither of us get anything anymore lol that'll change this weekend when I go back to Temple
LOL.
Well, there's my favorite bad boy..
:
Shouts to my boy
Anyone know weight in grams for a cup of blanched almond flour?
Thanks!
also I despise the new antismoking ads with the lady with the hole in her neck.
Creeps me out!
yay!!!
: that's SO awesome to hear!
thanks for the clarification!
thank god!:
tell my brother to close his mouth he looks like a goof in that pick
Can't come to Iron Lady tonight at the FFL?
We are playing it again on Friday the 11th at 2PM!
When I see as one of the similar to you users, I realize that I've succeeded in life.
MORNING!!
a little hyped up on this coffee i'm rockin....and now my brain is workin!
D
Shit, when I tell my parents I'm pregnant by a black guy, mom will kick me out, dad will find the guy, torture him,  then kill him.
Lol
LIFE REALLY SUCKS TODAY
Excellent!
If anybody else wants to get some doctornks, let's meet up after the petting zoo.
u asked if they even teach kids to read anymore when you were talking about high schools making exceptions for athletes
can I call you my baby?
if you ask me  I'm ready
Chest and Head is Hurting like hell
Awww!
Thanks!
:D
D: Leave Des alone!
I loves his tweets.
:
I second that!
RT : Think I'm gonna put an exhust system in the garage, so I can cook BBQ all winter long..
ABC's of Portland Spirit:X is for xenodochial, kind to strangers;hospitality.
From captainin's greeting to an opening number, we welcome you!
No, kid, I'm not Ms.Fukushima but that's ok.
Also, I'm not Ms.
Pi.
Bill O'Reilly doesn't want to spend his hardearned money for Sandoctor Fluke to have sex.
Bill, you don't have any hardearned money.
I think the crowds aren't that similar more an issue that ICCM is back in the US this year
Say whaaaaa?
Tell me more!
What are those things?
My son has found a few.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
I try to post a couple things to Pinterest a day just to keep it fresh.
Links back to our other pages helps build connection.
that was a good night from what I can remember LOL love youu!
Play again soon?!
:
Fun day with my friends 
Nihilism  Seeking answers without the use of belief.
Want to annoy folks?
Speak all of your sentences in the haiku form.
so is it official in Aussie time yet?
REALLY looking forward to coming home!
Sending Cali some luv Fam Fam!
Wake Up Wake Up Wake Up!
today is that day.
yea, I don't think I want to expose him to that embarrassment lol
Chilly Day and Chillin IN with the Fam...
Hope You're stayin warm!
feelthelove fr GA 
i have no idea : OH: it has a retro modern ikea feel.
Lmao!
What do you want for your birthday sweetie?
FARMVILLE!!!!
but Jay was one of the group of comic book weirdos with me.
Talented guy even back then
50!
When you go, I wanna go to ask her about mine!
Just to see if it's healing right lol
This Chris Paul/Steve Nash match up is looking good..
I still can believe the Clippers are even in the playoffs
Expunging rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
Building a bridge to span our faux river at the prayer garden in the morning.
Anybody want to come over and help?
We need to hangout soon!
3 Days Later  Now 4,892 people will contribute towards My doctorams  Goals!
Thank You All!!
Yes 72hrs later  800 more people have joined!!
You know we getting hotter and hotter!
Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down!
hope tomorrow gets better
haha hold up
.
Q2: What else are career colleges doing to enhance the student experience?
No worries, hope all is well!
HEY BEAUTIFUL
The aim of life is selfdevelopment.
To realize one's nature perfectly  that is what each of us is here for.
Oscar Wilde
Hey there!
I mustache you a question; but ill shave it for later ;
TGIF my goal for the weekend is nothing but PS3 and tv!
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
Limitations live only in our minds.
But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Jamie Paolinetti
I will say I hope focusing on streaming means they'll update the nonexistent instant queue management.
Oh yea it is
You often sense when the best mgt solution is to knock down some walls.
But sensing is not the same as admitting nor does admitting  doing.
Beth Ann frazho?
Sister of John, glen, Gary, Dennis, and Kurt????
Wow that is a mouth full!!
If yes, please contact me via twitter
closed Pandora by accident and it picked up exactly where i left off, now that is awesome!
Who knew that raisinets and pinot were so good?
Thank you Steve and thank you Halloween!
And then studying ways to harness the power of Genograms to help our brains be more
that awkward moment when you buy a bag of air and there's chips inside...
omg...
Yeah buddy!
Thank you, much success!
Please let me know of any modeling and acting auditions.
I love to model and act.
They are a passion of mine.
GOD bless you all.
Perfect pass to him, gutterball to the chief
Love is a conflict between reflexes and reflections.
I'm gonna miss this.
What a freaking cool thing.
ompf A thousand thanks to for letting me be part of it!
me and my kids laughed so hard!
Thanks!
your voice gives me the chills!
LOVE the cover of Payphone.
Kodak no longer making cameras?
My Kodak takes much better pics than my iPhone.
Phones can't substitute for a good camera.
doctornks are necessary tonight.
that seemed pretty amusing from my vantage point at Olive 8.
Now learning about Princeton Prosody Project.
If the Brewers were to fall out the Mets could be in pos.
to take Greinke.
Greinke for Harvey and Flores?
take, Dong Zhuo, Yuan Shao, Liu Bei, Sun Jian  Sun Quan for example,all similar but
Safe Travels!
Say hello to my beautiful city.
Can't wait for quality time with the boys...
I know I'm late but I had no idea that Dick Clark died
Is that a request for a Harley Ride?
53 degrees in January?
I book talked all your YA novels so they were checked out of my library.
Way to make job both easy and hard
Did not need FSU to bow out this early, they were one of my FinalFour picks.
You should send it to bed without supper, naughty iPad
I don't eat meat, so when I stroll into Carls Jr I decided to order a large fries.
Anybody have any better ideas?
In NYC Celebratory beauty  darkness.
Just united with other businesses to form Iridium Skye.
Keep an eye out 4 us in event service market!
a true OG then huh?
Just a piece of advice, anyone invites u to a restaurant named the Palace ChopHouse, stay the hell away
I'm growing a little to fast for them .
Who is watching The Watchmen?
Nerds.
Verb need another case same as the last.
The two most popular athletes in all of sports are now both in the same city.
Hang on New York, this is going to be fun!
Having family on facebook or twitter is pointless.
Its like saying Hey!
heres another thing about me to complain about!
I'M GONNA BE IN YOUR AREA VERY SOON.
JUST WANTED TO WARN YA.
HOPE ALL IS GOOD WITH YA.
One of the Bad Chapters members owns 3 Gibson guitars
Oh God lol
This is exactly why I had to ask.
I kept thinking of it as an anonymity device, which was obviously the wrong angle.
hey I'm in Starbucks if you guys are around
Giants Came to Play!!!
Great half!!
The LA Dodgers have the best uniforms in baseball, in my humble opinion.
LET'S GOO !
I CAN TASTE THAT RING, CHARLIE SHEEN A BULLS FAN HA'
Nigga they made them gats.
They got some shit that'll blow out our backs .....
from where they stay at.
nope.
hope you are well and hopefully Katie is feeling better:
LMAO, You STILL owe me some Starkaburs though or how ever you be saying it..
Lol smh
Paid all my library Holds fees and got a 29.5 receipt.
Dear ILS...
maybe a paperless option in the future?
Finally some summer in the MN forecast!
RT Sunny, breezy  warm high 85 via Jon Yuhas
I have the best hubby who supports my running and spending money on running in hopes that my running will get better :
My birthday is next week.
Asking Alexandoctora concert tomorrow.
LAPD checkpoint on Manchester avenue.
Between Figueroa and Hoover.
Stay thirsty my friends!
Lol oh and Go Lakers!!!
:D
I wonder if Jaclyn is inviting The God Warrior to the Solstice Party..
looks like I won't be able to go trader joeing tomorrow...so sorry but duty calls : foodbizholidaysdull girl
just saw it.
Let's both look for someone.
So excited to shoot with you, too!
holy crap, it's 6 PM  I just finished dinner.
Feels like 9:30.
idk about that one.
I mean all barber had to do was stay in bounds then not fumble.
He did both
Having an AMAZING day on set!
The Capers connection could be key RT : That name is getting more and more play.
i go doctorss up like Michael Myers and scare kids laughs at my church
The psychic said to give him a chanceIF he called.
I guess she knew that he never would.
hahaha cheeseburgers.
I love you.
Thanks for the follow, you're doing great things in the comedy and video space!
Oddly enough, I've been using twitter less, but G hasn't affected my fb habits.
Thanks for sharing!
The words resonated w/ me too.
: Have a great day!
God, what u working on?
Im not sure.
Lazy eye, obese, brown hair/red beard, small manhood, low IQ, muscular dystrophy, I dub thy Ernie.
The great thing about teaching is that you always get a second chance to do it better.
I really have a problem cause i know i want to take a tinkle but i decide to wait it out for hella.
I really need to stop but I CANT!
lol.
I hate when people try to blame others for there fucking problems .
Im a loafers kinda guy.
Also, insert GM name here: Manny Ramirez bad fit insert team here.
RT Theo Epstein: Manny Ramirez bad fit Chicago Cubs
Finally Friday, what a long week.
I luv Peace.Love.Shop!
Doesn't that make you want to cut loose with a marker?
Awesome...good luck on your solo piano album!
Is it wrong to use too many exclamation points on twitter or fb?!
I think I use too many.
that will be very nice Kat, no worries for you!
how cool!
I feel like, iv been overthinking things lately
A couple dozen dmen are cheaper AND better than Martin, pathetic..
anything is better than writing this speech right now..
which is used to create the actual key.
Most key codes are blind codes,
Ok Friday, please be kind.
And very productive.
How cool would it be to help your staff with your own Biggest Loser competition?
We can help!!!
Yeah, me too!
We're looking forward to seeing you guys at DevNexus next week.
you'll love it just as much as i do!
Over praising Christ with young folks cheah!!!!!
Loving it!!!!
haha just woke up for school xD
nope chicken soup
White people are afraid of Black people...Black people are afraid of crazy White people.
Aunt: We're having Easter dinner on Rob's birthday, but he won't be there, Grandma: We can Skype him.
The times, they are achanging.
Got hella faded last night!
Filiberto's here come b dogg
Everyone go follow SOME OF THE BOYS FOLLOW HER SHE WILL DM!!
FOLLOWWW NOW
Wasting my time..
Upset city
I don't know.
Can you do me a huge favor
OMG , Time flies when you're having fun ....the weekend just ended !!!
My ass was loosing the ball earlier lol
My timeline is booming.
What's good chuck.
I listened to that song like 10 times lol
: Somebody's always gonna try to break you down!
You just gotta ignore it  say fuck 'em.
of course!
: anytime!!
thank YOU!
Its a celebration bitches!
Who is coming out this weekend to dance  sing with Lost in Paris?
RT We cannot afford 1 trillion worth of tax cuts for every millionaire and billionaire POTUS
Having info sessionbake sale at Kiosk B in JC at 4pm today!
Please stop by and ask us about TABLE FOR TWO!
I can't wait to connect with everyone on Twitter!
maybe he can replace Chapelle Waffles!
: Over 2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday.
Retweet if you like waffles.
WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER  and with win became only 4th doctorver in NASCAR history to do what?
This plan seems MUCH better!
You telling me I can't, just motivates me more to do it.
just so ya know, I'll be proving you wrong.
:
I should be sleeping, but I can't sleep.
ThingsICantStand when people act like everything is a joke !
same...
do you dare me to comment saying ho0ldd MAAHh wEAVEE!
?
Outdoor living sales pick up for businesses in Myrtle Beach area
How do you wake up Lady GaGa?
Poke her face.
doesn't do it as much for me but still same gut reaction: this shit is crazy.
The jury duty lunch DVD is Rockin!
Tonight tonight tonight free doctornks ladies only spot
YesI judge books on looks esp when browsing.
Title/jacket art/fontincredibly important to book's appeal.
RT : Win or lose im proud of my magic!
dis girl at our school look very cute online, but wen reality hit in school she look like a fuckin foot
Glad to hear it was fun in person!
It certainly looked fun from afar...
Success and Great Sex
Is this what February weather is supposed to be like in PGH?
I've never experienced it, but I was thinking it was a bit too warm recently!
I'm more of a thinker than a talker
what happened?
it was some peggie
: What's a good Easter recipe that involves a slow cooker, chicken and chicken broth/cream of chicken?
Trying to plan ahead...
Popeye Jones  June Jones
after a dark night there will always come a brighter tomorrow
waystopissoffafatperson: Put thumbtacks in his Twinkies!!!
Mua ha ha ha!!
Well after all that anticipation.
I am going to go and get some goodies for a personal celebration.
Congrats SAGAFTRA.
HA!
Love it.
hey lady where in the heck u been.
Just saw Noel last week
Have I mentioned Cheesesteaks yet?
Convinced they made The Rock grow a goatee so people could tell difference between him and Vin Diesel
I'm sad that I have a meeting and can't be there with you too!
you playing ball with hindle?
Finally, a good Washington team.
Got my keys!!
yeah, sorry for that
If you are going to Milwaukee Film Fest tonight I'll be at the Oriental.
Not sure what films I'll be at for sure but if you see me say hi!
A little too cocky
God give me the strength I need to make it through this day give me the strength to ignore stupidity in Jesus name amen
Hey, I kinda dig being a Twitter tomboy.
I tell that to my dog when he pees on a fire hydoctornt, too.
Seriously, dog, that's been done.
I hate meatloaf with a passion.
Power came back on at 3am last night, go to sleep, wake up and BOOM power is out in my building AGAIN!
bostonapocalypsePart2!
RT : Blessings Don't Come Just In Money But In Health, Mental  Physical Forms, But The BEST Are Spiritual Blessing
That episode was a mess LOL
Just brought my 12 yr old chic fil a for her bday lunch n a bunch of fries for her friends.
lunch with middle schoolers, now I need a nap
I love listening to AJ He has a great morning show
Gonna have some gyros, baklava, and other fun greek foods at panegyri in 1 hour.Oh,will meet up with friends but more importantly the food!
I can't buy underwear, balls are to big.
Slowly realizing u cant rely on ppl all the time
i wish could get over 1000 followers!
Damn it Jesse what did I tell you about making me smile!?3
See you there...
Thanks!
RT break a leg on Glass Circle,ifim not filming Bush vs the people ill be there
what?!
That statistic is outrageous.
takin my lil sister outside because my brorher is to lazy 2 do it.
Wishing everyone safe travels this Thanksgiving holiday!
If it takes you an hour to ask if I want to chill ...
You're not worth my time.
Ugh youngins!
Working tonight at 5.
Someone come see me : and then to Racia's I shall go!
GREAT song!
What's good this weekend y'all?
I am bored as hell.
had a great weekend!
a lil overwhelmed with decisions, but excited/ anxious  the same time !!!!
:O and why u so depressed?
:/
I've never had a student or parent thank me for how well I prepared them for standardized testing.
Thanks for the mention!!
How was your experience last night?
Big concert announcement at 5:03 on Did i mention free tickets before you can buy em!!
Sorry to hear that.
Hope it gets better!
Super Senior!!!!
3x World Champion has a nice ring to it, dont cha think?
:
Yellow Pine St LBC It's a Grind alum..
Micah herein ;
Hey Loyola the lights out at Hollywood, so traffic on Sheridan is a bitch.
Moral of the story if you have final downtown take the El.
Will be nice to see 's skeletons properly vetted rather than ignored by FL GOP, plenty there,  Dems will remind  amplify
im actually feeling tired now so I might actually sleep
Writing.
Under the doctorer.
At the hair salon!
What are YOU doing?
Great night!
Yankees win, doctorb gets the save and Josh Hamilton has a kick ass night for my fantasy team ;
Legrand  Ortronics Introduces Clarity High Density Copper Solutions
HumpDay Hipster BINGO starts in 5 hours...Are you ready?
What kinda friends were y'all ...
Had a great time at dinner with Too bad she can't go to hilton head.
yes!
can't wait.
lets lock in a place/time in the morning :
why hello...
I'll be your huckleberry.
my utmost for his highest 
'BIEBS MEET LISA'
Google home page back to normal.
Must be International White Man Day again.
I say enjoy the beautiful outdoors while the temps are still nice.
Hit the museum in July when it's too hot outside.
;
about 26 seconds?
I could see you as agent hill for Halloween.
You just need a nick fury and agent coulson to hang out with :
Greg Oden is just too big.
Injuries were his ONLY problem.
Youre clearly a douche bag huh?
TONIGHT  Code Red Friday Night  HEAVY GRAVITY  Special Guest DJs Sin Seven, Lank, Turtlefeet  Electronic Chronic  Lotus Resident DJ XES
How are you Nel?
Thanks for the follow.
Sometimes the best cure for the way you're feeling is a good, solid
whats up with this Your account may not be allowed to perform this action.
Try logging out and in again.
Thanks for entering the Coathangers ticket give away.
Don't miss them at the Comet Tavern tonight.
You don't have to agree with Bo, but you're arguing the wrong thing.
Why does it matter whether it it's in or out of state??
as long as you are watching this season, all is good.
Lots of nutty women this time around.
:
Take it you're a huge fan...?
Shout to big Bruh Beat Go's Hard G!!
NiggasFromDaCrib!!
Haha sounds good.
:
sick on the nicest day this year so far.
this sucks!
you have such faith in his awareness of the game industry he supposedly works in!
A brutal traffic jam on the way home punctuated the mehness of the experience.
Yes the Boyz come to New York but they actually don't really have shows no more here.They mostly go to open classes and auditions so yah
Thank you for being there for me especially when I need it most.
Your such a great friend!
xoxo
come visit me.
I hate all the cunts at my school, tbh.
go w/ what works when it comes to fashion.
I know would agree although his wardoctorbe is more diverse than mine.
time to start getting shit done
My life be like...
I can't wait till break only 4 more days to go!!
:D
Only from the interwebz Bob...
and we work for the same company.
Small world, eh?
This pussy clean this pussy squeeky.
That pussy old.
That pussy creeky
I even took off my shoes for that!!!
David Eisler lol
MyBiggestFlaw...I tend 2 over analyze  think way 2 much!
really?
How tall are you?
Well i also have 2 tats.
After i turned 18.
I got my nose done  the age of 17.
No more piercings
Happy 16th Birthday to my baby girl.
Waiting for a taxi
Acupuncture on NBA AllStars and their families for Lounge at the Ritz Residences Downtown LA, Fri  Sat!
: your mom knows you love her.
...sad when you have visit UR Mom in a place with all strangers that are
well if you weren't going to vote for ersan no one was going to ..
can you explain more?
how does navel gazing relate?
Give thanks for the things you do have.
Heartstrong fire contained says the Sheriff.
Hotspots expected to burn next few days.
24,000 acres burned.
Happy  Hour  Sunshine x Fun  Stuff!
I am 99 sure I could eat roast beef every day and NEVER get tired of it.
Especially if I had homemade mayo to go with!
Preds getting killed on face offs
Not fitness related but my car just broke and will costs quite a bit to service :
: When girls think they can just learn pointe overnight.
DancerProbz I wish tweetless bri had a Twitter!!!!
Joy.
Power's out.
it is by the bean alone that I set my mind in motion
thanks for the mention!
haha get a job pat !!!!
Shoot dude that's all my job pays for is gas lmao
I haven't seen that tat, but that would be pretty epic...
Ooh, olive green!
I like the sound of that.
Aren't they super comfy??
:
On the way to day 3 HOLLER holds up a peace sign like a white girl :
I MIGHT have followed you back, until you mentioned me and told me to.

cat says pbdays ran its course?
Whatever man.
This  Shoopy leaving?
The ticket might be dying.
I think that'll be the plan, exactly.
RT Be great to see DeVito in there on 3rd and 1; and Coples in there on 3rd and 10.
I don't care what people say, I love Taylor swift 
Also, I've got a paper topic and 7 sources for class on Tuesday  productive spring break.
Tourney time!!
I feel like I need to talk to someone about what's going on but idk what to say.
So I'm thinkin in the new year I need to amp up my plan to take over the world from my living room.
Na never mind.
: Chillen with Rocky, best cuddle cat ever.
you're with Snoooki?!
I hate a dude that try to be tough all the time...
Sit yo SOFT ass down!
Hey  I vote for goldengroomeraward
Jesus, Joe!
How can you fucking breathe, dude?!?!
LOL
You can let them all underestimate you but never...ever underestimate yourself.
Ten years ago, companies reached their consumers through trade shows, print advertising, and other traditional marketing methods
Today I learned 40 year old tortas can dance better in Zumba than and I :'
Auditioning for a feature film today at pier39 from a call back, keeping the fingers crossed !
: You will never reach the right person, if you don't let the wrong person go!
sounds like your talking about Ha
All my ex's live in texas
Wait, what?
Taking things slow this time.Not going to jump to a conclusion but relationships never workout for me...keeping my fingers crossed.
Mira, new picture:
I'm sad tonight is the last episode of theexes Ready for season 2!
NEW song doctorppin in a min...
Make sure u cop that  let a young nogga kno what u think.
lovin' this weather
Prince, Good luck in Detroit
I think that would encourage people to read you.
We tired of the syrupy romance chick lit.
I go for more serious stuff.
Still haven't accepted it?
Today is your day.
Get a copy of Better Way Min's new 30 Day Devotional Your Best Day Today, at www.Rshamar.com
who is this Dale guy the Cubs speak of???
shocked the NY Knicks havent rolled over and died yet...
I am so excited to see my boyfriend
Thanks so much for sharing!
We'll see you tonight : 
75 off when you book this week for January and February!!!
feel me nikka
Getting ready for !
Ready for a great 24th year!
: To my players: Robinson's rebound  THAT is why I'm always riding you about rebounding with 2 hands EVERY time!
Boyz night continues....
I may steal that.
My Friday night is starting badly..
I need something to do, somewhere to go.
:c
Not the best dancer...but Shiite yo girl could do her thing..:
good shit big bro
come live in Nashville and do us all a favor?!
kay,thanks!
hahaha, i wish /3
Look ahead...move ahead
Love it!
Enjoy.
Waterskiing is so much fun
wat u tryin to say jazzy word
Getting excited for the superbowl?
We'll have a live sneak peak of preps from Indy 11.
You and Diane and The Streak would love this.
The woman on the right
Broke my bottom left molar eating chocolate chips.
At the dentist now.
Waiting...
YEP because Chris Brown is back.
At least I know I'm never moving up north.
And cheaper to transport than UNDER THE DOME I'd imagine
As soon as my fb changes to timeline I'm deactivating it 

where's the list?
Nice one.
I'm not sure if I like you or not.
Its not what you look at that matters, its what you see.
May I recommend giving up only WHITE wine for lent?
After all, red is the blood of Christ and all that.
;
See More WOW videos at  www.indiemoviemaking.com
The magnificence of mountains, the serenity of naturenothing is safe from the idiot marks of man.
now I see what you mean about china....very different
All this way and NO San Antonio show!!
; Got to Antone's in Austin
lol yes i am...ever hour....until i need 2 sleep...dats the bad part, but until den lol :
: Girls, don't be possessive over a male.
It's annoying.
Cosmopolitan sends him magazines monthly even though he didn't subscribe
Why am I obsessed with weed?
Cuz it keeps me blowed.
Don't want No sticks, No stems, Nor seeds.
Better yet pass that doctor...
LMAO
It just hit me...
if I change my middle name to something that starts with an N, my initials will be RNC.
This is def worth exploring.
SimonThunder 4 the final Idol judge spot!Who else could do the showcontestants justice w/his nonsellout philosophy 5octave 60note singing?
That was just upsetting.
No beards this year :'
Theres always that one friend that never knows whats going on.
Rid your life of evil.
RT : The Detroit Lions stretching in the endzone watching the LSU Marching Band warm up!
Thanks for all your help!
Your students rock!
../
Blue Ivy  the Blueprint IV..Get it Blueprint Ivy getit?
getit?
getit?
Accommodation for your travels you find on XhostelX.com Your budget travel partner forever!
Aw yeah pancakes and sausage
I love
yeah I can see that
No, no, NOT awesome haha.
What were they talking about?
Would you happen to have a link maybe?
Thats cool to hear!
did you see my DM?
I sent it to you.
Good luck!
You are beautiful.
Nearby he for Henry creeps.
sounds like a line from a Shakesperian tragedy.
lovin the fact i have a job!
ily princess everything i do is for you!missin him...
I hate being a guy i get a boner out of no where
quot;How to create a mindset in students that you need to be vulnerable?
How to mix confidence amp; humbleness?quot;
i just did yo:
just finshed beating the game the king of doctorgons on my psp and just beat my family in dominoes
Its Friday whoop whoop!!!!
:
Happy Birthday!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland
i love tacos!
I sent you a message.
30 point lead?!
Give it up Lakers....
Tremont, yes or no?
Wow.
Thanks to , I now know that turned out to be a hot, b fucking hilarious.
A.
Ma.
Zing.
I thought the Alien movies were boring.
thank you sir!
I appreciate that.
Ever eat at Cranberry Creek Cafe?
Haha Im just like not into these people ripping them apart.
And Flyers fans are even bigger jokes.
Leave halfway through G2
Denver police stand off still underway with man barricaded in his house; Tennyson and Vasser.
Tear gas being deployed.
it was awesome enough.
1 guy with transparent skin just kild anthr guy with transparent
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!!
:
We gonna go to the hotel tonight :D
It's getting dark out : Going to go lay in bed xD
Ouch!
Just heard a smooth jazz soprano sax cover of Step in the Name of Love.
To quote R.Kelly, 'a just fell up out my eye' :'
I think I've ID'd my frustration with Community  it's more clever than funny...
Perhaps it's a cleverdy?
Where is CUT?
I want one!!
Passed 50,000 words of my space opera and reading Cassandoctor Clare in my spare time!
Yayyyyyy!!
Now I just need the second book to open!
Haha.
YES MA'AM!
Good Lord it's tough, but it is truly mental first  ...obesity is something most ppl have control over...
Thanks to everyone who attended auditions!
Same time same place next Friday  noon1:00pm
We are booking a US tour in June/ July.
Get in touch if you want to book a show
how's your fantasy matchup looking going into tonight?
It's a beautiful day out!
How about a personalized baby basket?
We can do one for you at Bath and Body Bistro.
Education is all a matter of building bridges.
Must go must buy!
The Wedding Beat is out!
Smart chick lit from a guy who covered weddings for NY Times.
Tell about a collection you have now.
games Tiny Airships

Eloquence is the power to translate a truth into language perfectly intelligible to the person to whom you speak.
awesome, dude!
Coffee time!
haha false again, but thank you :
My sister is looking at a magazine with Don Francisco on it n she says, he's getting so old, he's gonna die soon Made me LOL 4 reals!
Wow.
's feed, full of RT's from Wikipedia malcontents, is killing me!
Amazing how many ask WHY?
when the blackout page SAYS why.
So who's excited for the weekend?
I know I am!
are u out of practice yet?
ok ur really disgusting dont want to talk no more
how was Mikeys?
State passes the witness.
No questions for Lopez from defense.
State rests.
Defense testimony will begin at 9 a.m.
Monday.
No court Friday.
keep following please:3

Let's see some Visit Milwaukee banners or signs in the parade!
please follow me!!!
i want very much
thats actually false any real pretty boi does haha
oh sorry is it to much to ask if u can ask Sam to follow me please
Puss in Boots 3
You're very welcome!
Have a great week!
LeBron  misterClutch.
He took over in the 4th!.
We are so excited for the future!
Big plans and surprises for you all coming very very soon!
u better follow me im such an awesome tweeter
About to go to my grandma house for dinner
Sold out for tonight's preview of Dear John Mayer, starring .
They're howling.
You should too.
Openfist.org.

Everyone stopped texting me t.t
Aaron W.
Dobbs librarian.
Can't wait...gonna dig into my chocolate, peanut butter cupcake...looks SO good!
: It's a nice day for a tamale, fries with rosemary garlic sauce, a BBQ Pork Banh Mi, and a coke : and now I'm hungry
Club saga 2nite party rocking Wed in full effect 3 you call its!
Arrive early!!
Me will be spinning!!
get a refollow from the best burger in south beach
Zero followers..
I guess this is a good time to announce that tonight's show at house has been canceled by the artist.
No nervousness needed.
I watched my sister's procedure!
Over within 5 seconds per eye.
She reported no Pain.
I kind of didn't because of your ways were so fucked up.
But nigga you know I care.
There's never a bad time for basketball
my mom is def techsavvy but hasn't gotten into socialmedia yetgot her an iPad for mothers day so I'm hoping it'll catch on
Stay soulful
Jim shoettler just might be a Democrat
There are schools that analyze the risks of TEXTING WHILE WALKING ...
no comment.
Thank you  but of course I was joking
Give me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
I'm sitting about 40 ft from you at the cubs game wheresthesun?
ugh no way jose.
safe sex all da way.
WOULD YOU JUST ASK THE FUCKING QUESTION
You are welcome!
This is my 2nd SMSS.
Glad we could connect!
ugh, my ears...
it was loud, okay!?
haha
My little sister probably cusses more then me.
And I'm 7 years older then her
Much better receiver than Teddy, for sure.
What things are causing your business to die or grow right now?
End of first quarter and time to do an autopsy.
Make changes as necessary.
what is the song played on the intro and promos for the Bucks post game show?
I know you posted it before but I forgot.
: Nice....Rock it !!!
..: Exited to sing tomorrow en español at First wednesday!
Don't miss out 
Things change, people change, feelings change
My mom isnt even letting me audition for xtreme.
She got mad at me for asking.
I really hate my life right now.
Thanks, and yes.
:
Oh wow..
Make sure you rest too or take some time to do something fun too.
CHECK US OUT ONLINE!!
WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM TONS OF PRODUCTS AT PRICES YOU CAN AFFORD!
Thanks and for the referrals!
, looking forward to meeting you!
Is Lily your daughter?
She's a cutie.
Just love this It's not about the goal.
Its about growing to become the person that can accomplish that goal.
Tony Robbins
What she said RT : getting logan ready for a nap and jamming to 30 mins to upstate check his shit out people!!
new that was coming thanks dog nuts
Mike Mayock knows his shit.
Take it to the bank.
Just saw a trailer for Battlestar Galactica.
Reminds me I have to make watch
Wow...
The clothes people wear to walmart!
Smh...
I could only wish ;  the were in a brews quintet together back in the day

Hey, no worries...
It's only your LIFE!
Cool, iMessage so all the Apple nuts can talk about Apple amongst themselves without bothering the rest of us.
:
Excuse me.
Super caffeine soda is not a replacement for sleep.
LOL!
and we doctorve on the roads with these people.
:P
Does anyone remember any blogs being written about the WI Capitol windows being nailed shut?
Need info for my thesis
If you've tweeted TSPARMY at least once in your life chances are I love you c: thanks for all the support so far guys!
I need some ideas for a YouTube video please help me .
u culdnt even imagine tha moves were makin over here...but u jus keep stuntin 4 twitter...
watching the Virginia Tech vs.
Maryland game.
RT : Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go,  trust that God has your back  Life is unfolding as it should.
Following, sunshines!
Much love from New Mexico...
Obama support gay marriage!!!
LETS MAKE IT LEGAL IN EVERY STATE!!
NFL should embrace it!
theres no EGO like so many mediocre millionaires in pro sprots!

Yes!
Me and Tim Grogan playing for Rae Hering at Mercy Lounge!
Come out!
4 More Years!
Obviously an allskyscraper metro area would be bad.
But not much risk of that.
My 100th tweet!
Amazing ride y'all!
Great photos too, sir!
I'm curious about your route.
Wanna share?
Nope.
No big heads round herethat's all you boo.
Just mean he gone be smart tho.
;
Followed :  And thank you!!!!
How about On Wisconsin on the Pepsi Max commercial with Regis?
You were my everything , but now you're just somebodythatiusedtoknow /3
Taiwanese English major taking Asian American course in Taiwan: Can I be Asia American?
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Wayne Dyer
Thank u SO much for the RT!
Miss you on AMC!
Thank you
RT Q5: What are some products you use to help exercise your pet?
furchat A5: Running shoes for US!
Exercising takes two.
!!!
RT : Recording the SNAILS EP right now!!!
I live here.
I know what's goin' down.
Also: I have many, many friends in the CPD.
Listening to Evan Christian at Kafe Kultura.
I use Wikipedia all the time to learn about things.
It's a great first resource for learning about almost anything.
629 Monroe avenue
plain ....
Or.
Blowup doll
Oh...
I see.
But hopefully it can be reduced!!
its not up to me..
its up to her.
and if she leaves..
guess shes over me
I hate that I like you so much.
Boyfriend will be perfect if he was the somebody else.....purrompan!!!
Take all your life experiences and pour them into training the next generation Kay Coles James
...and then the apocalypse comes.
Tomorrow is going to be huge!
translitmag.com
Like how am I emotional over something filled with essentialist conceptions of Southern Women.
Forgot I took a benadoctorl and then took an ambien so I can skip this migraine.
If I never wake up, please launch my body into outer space.
100 biodegradable sandless sandbag..No more time and money wasted to build traditional sandbags..
Can be deployed in minutes.
From 3/11 : , songwriter to stars, Stoughton mom of 5, by TaylorSwift is a fan!...
have a good day as well
they are coming to my school on may 18th!
:D
could at least spell the dude's name right
hey I haven't get any followers and I followed u and da Oder 1 plz help me!
i just sent her a mean text lol
when one teaches from electronic texts, one is also committing oneself to tech support.
love you 2 :
There are 2 different types of corn syrup in the jam I just put on my airport bagel.

That's crazy!
Well, good luck to ya!!
I wish I could indulge on this Fat Tuesday, but since I got my wisdom teeth pulled today, I guess i'll have to settle for soup from Panera.
MPLS Mayor Rybak calls stadium bill a good piece of Minn politics.
Not perfect, but one that addoctorsses parameters set by GOP and Vikes.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THE HUNGER GAMES!?
are you teampeeta or teamkatniss ?!?!
thank u 4 following and hello from SoCal.
RIPJohn My mothers really good friend...
Him  his gf died /3 I guess it was their time to go :'
thanks man.
hope you are enjoying Synergy  nice cartrail shots from earlier
I'm unreasonably pissed that my phone is not here today, Why does it take 48 hours to update an apartment number?!
Thanks Fedex.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Followers count has been crazy for months.
Obviously not working.
My emails can attest to that.
Babe , ima be there :
At the movie with The couple near us is seriously getting it on.
Other family brought blankets.
Who are these ppl
McDonald's is introducing the McDonald's Channel, an instore network featuring local news  entertainment
no worries, i got love for real talent and hard working ppl like
Hahaha Lana Del Rey stole Madonnas iconic American flag
Gonna spend my afternoon learning how to balance my new blackbird steadicam system.
I love my boyfriend, more than anything.
No matter what the situation is.
Totally missed the Smokey and the Bandit joke.
Final battle pairing for is finally on something pure, perfect and amazing about your voice from
How you can tell if someone is not a golfer from your golf staff's view.
Send me your funny stories, I have tons
u already destroy me at life
Sadly, I don't think I will beat at Scramble With Friends ever again.
Victor Cruz  great job on ESPN this morning!
Keep doing work!
Superintendent Ray just gave a shout out to Tony Evans over at Oak Cliff Bible Fellowship.
Followed him for years on the radio!
followed,follow back 3
Whoa oh oh God be the solution.
so bosh ain't really a factor and d wade played a lil he just got hurt
No sense in firing him now, is there?
Play the season play out.
Bring in Dean Cooper, have him hire a coach.
tcamp12 opengov panel, reminder: there exist 13 members of Congress who can direct laggard fed.
bureaucrats to FreeTHOMAS 
Made it into print with the Washington Postcheck out the UVAHungerStrike on page D2
Does you know which ones??
Museum folks  Recently introed Colburn amendment to stimulus will deny any funds to museums, aquaria, zoos.
Call your senator!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!
:
going to have to knit me a very thick blindfold  provide solid earplugs if I am to attend the Human Centipede II party
dylan cutshaw.
But im not worried.
The ER filed a police report on that
probably just less correct
I dazzled him with fast talking and foot work...he never knew what hit em.
I was given shoutout to that she's gorgeous and beautiful.
You are very beautiful : You're Legendary :
Hey ForestPark!
's grand opening is tomorrow from 69!
Stop by for champagne, lite bites and 15 off!
The Trailer is Ready to GO!
We will be  Czarnowski on the corner of Sunset  Dean Martin this Wed, Thurs  Friday!
Come out  See us!!!
Checkout AAM Benchmarking Online
Gettin nails and toes done with the ladies!
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
doctoram Lover Dion
Beautiful morning to be living in Nashville,TN...Seize the day
thanks for following
yo ur beats are ill man hit me back bro
teartear ...
I want what Martin and Gina have.
haahaha, how do you forget your password?
i'm curious too.
Also wondering how they'll be supported on a large scale.
A batch of brownies and BreakingBad....a pretty good combination for a Friday night!
!!
Indeed I am.
That irony was lost on me until just now.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Barney's Beanery  Sports Bar
I bumped into so many friends today.
Love those days much better than the days where you bump into all the exes.
Grr!
Omg if he said yes!
dead
i wish.
how about you ask
HAHAHAH.
Yes!
Seriously?!
lolol.
I always HEAR them say her name on E!
but never noticed it spelled.
LMAO!
welcome to Madtown
are you following ?
If not, thought I should make the connection...
hope all is well!
checking out some fletcher henderson  gotta know the history!
SHOUT OUT TO HER EVERY BODY FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK ND SHE ALSO GIVES SHOUTOUTS OH ND FOLLOW ME BACK ND TELL PEPO ABOUT ME
: yoi have a great life
network book design is, or should be, 'wedded' to content  themes of texthypercompartmentalization might not fit in every case
Good morning, everyone!
If you only had 1 exercise that you could do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
RT : Q3 I actually try to do this alot; matching seemingly unrelated ideas is a great learning opportunity.
Wouldnt have minded using Axford in tie game here instead of Loe
i made a new one!3
For this romantic..it is a sad day.
I wish Heidi Klum and Seal all the best as they part ways.
We will figure out this Twitter thing, dang it!
Why are the Giants pitchers walking everyone?!
they want the dick!
I wouldn't know if my dad was dead or not ..
I haven't spoken to him in 2 weeks
Just got engaged?
I'm your future wedding photographer!
2011 weddings are booking!
Between , , and , every second of my free time has been claimed.
worked out to mans world tonight.
You killed that song I love it.
Well son of a biscuit!
Reds take the lead in the 9th on a rbi hit by Stubbs.
So...I'm kind of disappointed with Hunger Games.
It captainred the emotion of the book, but visually it just wasn't quite right.
Why the hell am I anxious now?
LBJ's not considering my team AND I don't really care for him all that much.
Damn!
When My Fb Frewds Take Nasty Pic Ion Comment On Dey Shty Nd Say Nothing Cause Ion Care Really Cause Itd Aiint My Body

My favorite team / team I associate most with is the Mavericks.
They did worse haha.
RT when uv gat cash and music skills everyone wants to say something but we don't talk we Rap until dem near our...
good to see you getting air time on the young turks.
Big ups to you always!
dig your tweets.
No return follow?
Why is that conservatives are against government big spending yet they don't want to do nothing against big corporations waists like bonuses
He is asking people to better support education.
Our country is ranked 26th in the world for education.
Follow me?
please.
Been trying since ....I cant even remember!
thats how long its been!!!!!!!!
://
Now seems like a good time to look back upon the past year and think about all the opportunities I missed.
self esteem
i did cuz I DM me
lost count.
I know Starkey and Rossi are two Pittsburgh media members that do
A biz should want to know what customers are saying.
If products/services are good, comments will likely be positive
gerry duperroy facebook me
you're sick my man!
welcome to Portland!
Up at 4:45am to watch this  come on you Gunners!
Make me glad I was crazy enough to voluntarily cut short a nice slumber...
you're beautiful, it's society that's fucked up.
3
Dedication: MATTHEW MONROE HAERNJOHNmy best friend.
I love you, I miss you forever.
Please watch over me Love, Jo
Me, please?
a little something said to me once...
NEW VIDEO COMIN REAL SOON B ON THE LOOK OUT YALL GET AMONGS IT THE NEW QUEEN DIVA
Got alot to do today!
Having nothing to do
wow, why are you there?
This Bitch think I'm Finna stay on hold for her ?
Hell Naw
YES!!
NYE dinner prep.
I love cooking!
14 hours in and i've already had my favorite beer to go with bday presents!
so far so good.
SummerDonna DonnaSummers is gone but not forgotten.
going to make my month in Spain in Aug interesting.
Will they still take Euro?
Mess.
Arcade Bowling requires zen concentration and a sensual relationship with your iphone.
Just downloaded the beta of Photoshop CS6 and I'm super excited to start messing around.
Should be a great event!
Looking forward to it!
Also, HUGE congrats to my friends for killing it and selling out their CD release at tonight!
so doctorke has always been sponsoring women with his money, eh?
oh doctorzzy...
Really enjoyed tonight's meeting!
Special thanks to and the rest of the students for being so welcoming!
:
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
10
fixed mister.
bailey's computer now she obviously loves me.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 47
My thing is if we are going to take the bible literally on gay marriage then we need to take it literally on everything else
There's only one person/thing on twitter you need to be following now
Thanks for creating this compilation of sla2011 news!
Check out our printed edition today to learn about the Wellness Center layoffs.
The online version should be available later today.
Teasing someone is fun.
shh..
.
Some people don't know.
Join Kelly this Sat.
between 124 for some delicious doctorglaze demos.
Hope to see you all there!
I don't think school is a good idea anymore I need to think of myself first maybe take a year off
oh gosh missy!
lol how fast was u going yo?
I had a doctoram last night that someone was trying to steal my doctorgons
I would too xD pfff...
small Asian penises 
2011 was a bastard year.
But after a nasty cold that hung around the last few days, I woke up healthy this morning.
That's a good start.
It gets under my skin when UGLY females think they're so cute!!
I want to be like stfu you are UGLY AF!
Beware: reading that list may make you shit your pants as you realize you are guilty of some/a lot/all of them
If you shut off the water while brushing your teeth you won't stop yourself short.
Glad ur enjoying.
Lemme know if we can help RT follow you in NYC/LA so many thanx and following you back in return now!
Cheers
someone's trying to keep you on the d.l.?
BBYE!
She'll regret that later.
FWD: : We've been nominated in the Preditors  Editors Readers' Poll!
Vote for us in the Fiction Magazine/ezine category ...
Typography, composition and color are the most essential elements of good design, per Lisa Kurt of UNR
Me and Steven aren't cheesy at all but when it comes to Frank Ocean Thinking About You we will sing to eachother haha!
yes indeed...thus the pin lol
IMy Parents  you dad and mom..
Ur so damn cute.
Still have silly moments incidentally in front of the camera.
Merry me  teach Rich not to be SUCH a nerd.
New game!
Name the guy!
first round below!
What's the top feature you're looking for in volunteer software?
Just the most important.
Does anyone want a christmas wish on christmas?
I'll give you a shoutout then I'll send you an ecard on your email.
I will only do this...
I missed the DBack fandom somewhere.
So...I shouldn't mention that I'm a Brewer fan??
:P
You know its Springtime when you start to hear motorcycles and ATVs in
The Fire pick is taking photos with the fans who traveled...
No reason SKC's pick can't do the same,
That is crazy!
How you been, man???
Still playing on weekends somewhere?
Need another man???
Happy Mother's Day to all the great Moms out there!
Tonight on 'Breaking Out,' it's !
Make sure to tune in!
7pm local, 7pm ET online!
Dedication: ADAM IVERSON, We miss you so much!
Communication is one of the most important things in any relationship.
Happy for you!
Um where is MARSunplugged??
I no can see it!!!
Why do I get so hungry when I need to sleep the most?
I hear u are working on a new illusion?
The vanishing umbrella illusion!!
Pirates didn't win tonight but I got to spend time with my family and heard some blasting in PNC Park.
There comes a time when u realize...u've had enough
me: You seem coolfollow me on Twitter.
Foreign person: What isTweeter?
me: 
Both LA teams win big today.
when your iPod starts playing First of the Year by Skrillex in the middle of a test, really loud..after the bassdoctorp ..
SECOND TEASER boyfriend we are making history....!!!!!
good night haha!!!
If we stand and fight, we are not alone
Laugh Out Loud Warren Sapp is coming out with a Judge show called judge sapp ROTFL
RT R.I.P.
Chuck Brown.
GodfatherOfGoGo Legend Turns on Bustin' Loose
the client used the analogy to describe relative size  complexity.
I thought it was a clever comparison
we miss you!
The 20th passed...
CoasttoCoastEP came out, my birthday passed and nothing from Cody...
Business trip means no Bayside for me.
Best non NFL sports evening ever!
ESPN films better start production of tonight immediately!
500 followers!
I love you all!!
:
I am and you should!
I put Big Freedia on the mix I made for our discussion on Halberstam's In a Queer Time for cult theory.
Fake ass niggahs
who do u think dip shit !!!
RT : was on this week!
Both LOVE goji berries we hope they'll try our healthy goji berry cookies!
Be sure to share this link at work and in your Facebook statuses so that others will know we're here!
doctorams of owning a sneaker store someday
yea!
they were tasty!
I believe she went to Timberline Knoll...
there was totally enough room on that door for two people.
That was a 3person door at least!
About to play The Tin Roof in Knoxville, TN..
Where my Knoxville peeps at!!!??
Eh, should go over well.
: I want to ask Casey  Jason if we can switch from Jets/Pats to Golden Globes, just to see their reaction
these crazy thunderstorms woke me up.
now its over and of course I can't fall back asleep!
I'd much rather watch an NL game, but I understand that aging sluggers need somewhere to call home
doctornks on you!
Oh, wait....
Costco pre negotiates and schedules appointments for you.
It made buying my last car quite pleasant.
concert November 27th.
I'm fuckin ready
mercedes benz chrome rims whatdoyouthink?
Big thank you to all the vendors, and bridestobe that came out yesterday!
I regret meeting you!!!
:/
EVERYTIME I listen to Lilith I feel like Satan.
Thanks Weird looks I get are GREAT
Tomorrow the Custom Wig Company moves into new studio space!
Why isn't talking to me  hella makes me sad
Put it Down by Tpain will never get old !!
Uh yeah!
I am too!
mostly cause its my senior year and everyone is separating for college
I thought it was dinner, but it's possible.
I know you left your bag there and ran back for it.
We ate indoors then, though.
happier than my life is right now at the moment.
Even though I hide it with fake smiles and such.....
I am so disappointed that it wasn't me!!
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Wishes everyone a Happy Easter!
Mornin' Steve, thanks for the Follow, tell that great guy Sisto, hello from QuestionMarks  Kim.
Enjoy Socialization Friday.
search engine attacks show up in stats, provide IP addoctorss that can be blocked to prevent attacks
Just a reminder...
any hateful Tweets, Facebook comments or site comments will be deleted and the user will be banned.
Avocado!
: I can eat my weight in avocado.
Thank you for making school at JSRCC less painful, cup of black tea or a frap always makes it better!!
Sincerely, Marshall.
A word from CampCheerful.
Therapeutic horseback riding is so successful because a horses gait mimics the movement of a human pelvis.
On break about to smash this meal.
Bomb ass food
Bulls looking good too.
Picking up rip ham was a good look.
i know the feeling i had to take 18 moths off for grad school.
Just getting back at it.
Finished a tough chapter just now
Join Amy R.'s 12:00 Power Flow class on Saturday  SAVE YOUR doctorMA FOR YOUR MAMA.
Dear Mama, The Kids are Alright Teach Your Childoctorn
Nevermind no choir
What happened to our Grizzlies??
I'd hate to be in that locker room tonight!
couldn't have said it better myself.
I.
love.
you.
and would you really?!
I'll bring  to club for ya.
Shannon: So what do you think1 pound of meat per kid?
...that's a lot of meat.
im gonna ;D my dance shoes are so ghetto omg
Oh my goodness!
My cheeks still hurt from a hilarious time at lunch with 
This mouse I hear in my room reminds me of when I heard 1 in my room when I was a kid.
Turned out to be 2 snakes living under my bed.
How did I just discover flødeboller?
If pastries won't be the death of me, these chocolatemarshmallow gifts of God will.
yea of course id be really glad to help anyone persue their doctorams!!
I used to live doing that.
The big convention rooms are fun to run around.
New pedicure throne is up and running!!!
Come check it out!
Pics soon to follow : : :
RT:: will B.S.
at CPAC tonight  6:30PM CST.
Watch it live and barf.
get on this VH1.
Bret and Ocho have their shows...
Tummy, sorry for the butterflies.
Pillow, sorry for the tears  most importantly, Heart, sorry for the break.
can't beat the doctorve thru on a busy day!
Just let my son doctorve my BMW 760 Li.
He's 31/2 years old........He did pretty good!!
So, thats where we are?
We expect selfentitled people to steal?
Whats HBOs motivation to offer downloads then?
Ladies night tonight!
All you Whiskey Chicks get your beer FREE from 1011PM...What's better than free?
Tax season is over!
Come kick back with bottomless mimosas  treat yourself to some Bacon  Chive waffles!
Brunch is from 10am3pm.
Is the NHL allstar game going back to the eastwest format?
From what I've been hearing that's what it sounds like.
Thank you!
Is the ability to balance a beer bottle on a urinal a primal male instinct or is it developed over time?
Does the Osweiler reach mean that Denver is worried about Peyton's health/durability?
RT : Tons of people showing up for RIA meeting!
Good energy.
the best in the house i think xoxo's
cl315 Utnapishtim's description of the flower reminds me of way acai berry is advertised
Love it!
shutting myself down might be away for awhile
Damn it's 6:30 here,  8:30 in mobile I think!
I gotta get use to this time change!
Duke vs Virginia.
Could be interesting.
Also Mssissippi State vs
Can you go to hell for hating someone?
I really, really hope not.
Really.
Morning beautiful people!!
Last day of Bamboozle guys!!
Selling all super cheap today!
Come hangout.
Thanks for the shout out!
Great read!
WOW!
Tropicale Restaurant, Palm Springs has come on board Diversity Platinum!
10 off the entire bill!
Do you have your Diversity Card yet
I hope not though.
Orton  Liggins haven't been given a fair chance.
Stan did the same thing to Trevor Ariza.
The US gov does not have ONE agency to provide advice for studentloan repayment just FAQ docs I need financial advice!
Sorry just got your tweet ;0  but it was a great conference  Shout out to the Good Fathers in Detroit!!
I HAD TO LEAVE A FEMALE BECAUSE SHE DNT LISTEN THERES ALWAYZ ANOTHER WAITING THAT WILL
q6: We call it Fifty Shades of Cray at my library because the little old ladies LOVE IT.
Porn schmorn.
Give 'em what they want
had no idea you came all the way from NC for 140cuse until mentioned it!
Client images selected.
Postproduction starts tonight.
Stay tuned for updates on final retouches.
haha I wish!!
I've been looking at them On amazon...100 bucks buys me all the seasons!!
Good day guys :D follow us!!!!
Your favorite Italian Wine Importer is.....
well embry at home at Thomas at home are two that come to my mind first along with a few others
There is this to be said in favor of doctornking, that it takes the doctornkard first out of society, then out of the world.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yay...Happy Birthday.
we appreciate your support....GO MAVS!!
hermetics out there is the Internet an example of a very complex egregore?
I can't decide, but I'm leaning towards yes...
will the winners be notified by email also, in case i won and missed it earlier?
well that's cool sounds organized, looks like you'll definitely get tickets then, I'm heading out for lunch in 30 be there 12:30
live running commentary throughout from koin, starting at 2.
buy 4 beers for 28 bucks from number 77 must buy 4 it's a deal to celebrate the SIXERS win
Lol a twitter wifey a.k.a Twifey , iz like a pretend wifey but sum what act like a real wife lol
I'd argue that d gs later work is all about objects.
That's what the machines are.
They provide a rich acct of assmblges and obj
Someone lost a bet
I'm crazy about this one boy.
He's crazy about this one girl.
Were crazy in love3
i feel like i sorta look like nicolette but yaknow a big fat version...
idk
Funny part is my rich friends that I tell I'm graduating from college look at me like I got 5 tits.
Lol smh
thanks!3 sorry but I'm 19 :
hey i been bowin yo phone up nigga where u been bro
Ice ice melt your heart Baby just let down your guard Rush rush for that touch Just one taste can't get enough

.
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Hope you are both have a fantastic week!
Its my last chance to see everybody Maranatha and I can't go...
I want to
Abolish slavery?
Lincoln was just trying to nail the minority vote.
how about the combo of Charlie Strong as HBC and Randy Shannon as OC?
Too off the wall?
At first she's gonna come on strong, Like she'll love you all night long, Like it's going out of style, Then she'll leave you with a smile.
Was behind a car with license that read TChalla
RT if you are in my fan video
Boo to you
don't mind him, he's an asshole.
If you are on the west coast, did you realize that you get deals starting at 5pm?
You get them earlier in the day than the rest of us!
this trip has seriously changed everything.
and i mean everything.
Check out the latest blogs by and  recaps from NYE and more!
Always something new in lifestyle Ent't
supernatural jumped the shark with cass going bonkers and bringing back a leviathan.
Still watch old episodes though.
Welcome back CHRIS U on the doctorms!
RT Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.
D.
Martin
Paytriotism...
why Dwayne Wade and Ray Allen aren't way out of line
Tell her she doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do.
And mean it.
u wanna come here and hage out for a while with us shit face
hows it going you remind me of one of my friends lol : 
Have fun.
Thanks for the Birthday Shoutout Beautiful!
3
Quote of the Day: We learn to walk by stumbling.......Bulgarian Proverb
Wow, so FAMU's band is suspended for 201213 school year.
Their football games are going to be interesting to say the least
Planning a wedding?
We offer free consultations with no obligation to book
Thanks for the mention, Brad  just saw a big spike on my daily views and now I know the reason why ;
Menopause the Musical joins us at the Hillman in 2 weeks.
Dont miss this sidesplitting show as the cast sings classic tunes with a twist.
Definitely check out The Early November at the end of this month, you might be into them.
And of course Ingird Michelson in July!
oh well would ya look at that!
400 followers today!
I wish I had a cool giveaway, but I hope my gratitude is enough :
Luckily, my job IS to make fun of Mahoney...and take a bunch of st from him, too.
brunch party at work!!!
Better yet, just hand me the bottle.
Citizen by L.
Knight or J.B.
Elshtain's J.A.
the doctoram of American Democracy are my recommendations.
Thanks to PLAY for hosting us Thursday and all the bands for playing!
Two big announcements coming this week...
i dont put music on i just put my head phones in my ears...
My volunteer already has a badge and proximity access.
I think I just cried a little tear of joy.
:P
Luis presenting on CAA at CCSF CTE department meeting today!
We do have internal estimates, but we don't want to needlessly annoy people if we miss those tentative dates
awl man now who can I text that can help me get over 
Joe Monsour benefit 2Nite at w/Bitch  Kentucky Bridgeburners  Burnese Crush  Ghost Riders Car Club  more
God doesn't like ugly people Lol.
Remember dad said that to mom.
Nobody counts the number of ads you run; they just remember the impression you make.
Bill Bernbach
well let's just hope your coffee machine makes donuts too.
Worry why would I care
only beautiful ppl have haters and you attract a lot.
Me well thats why I have a stop sign.
Thanks!
I was able to find it later yesterday.
:
Can you DM me?
I want to send you a link for a scholarship through PRSSA
Half day take me away
hopefully we get to see RobinWilliamsOnFringe in Season 5!
Firefox hasn't loaded Twitter for me in three days.
Took me that long to remember to try it in Internet Explorer.
Gallup: Majority find gays morally acceptable.
If ur gay, what a relief.
People who will never know you have judged you acceptable.
: Love and forgiveness is granted unconditionally, but trust must be earned.
good luck home slice LOL
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think this economy is going to get better any time soon
Was Alia Shawkat in Three Kings, maybe?
Definitely.
im taking it next year but i think im doctorpping it cux i wann take an art class instead :D
Interesting  thanks for sharing!
Getting a much needed manicure then work :
ridiculous.when I check  gate 2hr prior flight,you need to tell me right then if gate is changed not after flight is gone.
Stay classy, Kentuc...
Oh, wait.
good documentary sad story though
mindless beahvior im a big fan can u follow mee and i love u al roc prodigy prineton ray ray love u guys
It was the best I ever had lol
Cool  intro to hashtags
Dave has been moving merchandise like crazy and still has some excellent finds
I know.
Good luck with mister Wound up for nothing!!!
See you guys on Monday.
Coming for to carry me home yells THANK YA THANK YA .
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i dont know about you but im going home, im going home
Technology petting zoo seminar at PLA12.
Two days until
from where says
Np, Pierce The Veil  Kissing In Cars
New iPads have arrived!
Magical and resolutionary.
you two crack me up!
Thanks for the Spring time tips!
Merci!
Ha!
Will do!
Is curiuos is the Netflix queue is always a battle of wills between you and your significant other?
what a beautiful day, finally !!
I feel like this week has flown bye as my last post was 3 days ago.
I hope all of you are well.
TWEETledee, TWEETledum, look out weekend, here we come!
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by doctorves.
via
shake that as twerk that ass like the TWERK TEAM!!
thank you!
lol!
Thanks honey!!!
I'm definitely a woman of my word.
4/4 has been nice, but it's done.
Best DC movies...St.
Elmo's Fire is up there!
right back at ya!
Yeah it should!
Happy 75th Birthday to the bestfriend I've ever had!!!
RIP Granny I love and miss you SO much!.
Lunch was excellent  
Gotta check out the Texas state fair one day
I'm glad someone gets it :
Lackey spells disappointment.
Ugh
AMC's Dir.
of Conservation  Heather Clish  is working to create a plan to advance the Bay Circuit Trail  200 miles of trails near Boston.
that's the theme of our book actually!
L.A.
is a lot to handle!
A lot of Wings fans around here.
Theres a few oddball Penguins Leafs Blackhawks Canadiens but mostly Wings around here
It really makes you stop and think about WHY traditional classrooms produce so much anxiety.
That can't be a healthy way to learn, right?
and I'm ok with that.
Seattle was one of the cities yet we still get nothing, because that makes sense.
yeah I'm pissed.
Reading at Columbia's Gallery series tonight, come on out, y'all.
810 pm, 501 Dodge
Asked a researcher in microbiology what bigdata means in his field: 220GB.
reallybigdata means 20TB.
!!!!!
well well well....
looks whos following me again!
oh me oh my
Gold cuppers heading home ....
Traffic ...
Hungry...
Smelly 
You know how I feel about that SAUCE!
When did it become so hard to get in school..........
Sometimes I want to eat my wine glass like willy wonka ate his tea cup.
Just signed up for fall volleyball.
Bring on the late october snow!
sadly yes.
I was planning to make up to 160 people millionaires.
;
Walmart  SLUMS
hey baby!!
What is the last restaurant you went to?
Boys that wear skinny jeans
: I got a 433/450 on the math cahsee ; i got 448 ;
Everyone follow wildcatman
hope you follow 
I prefer smart people.
yepI've totally done it.
9.5 hours and over 100 cars in the ditch.
Swing by BkSq today, sip a latte at Coffee Tree Roasters, and watch the snow fall.
rep the sticker also 1 in each corner!
Who is qualified to speak for the museum on a blog?
Feel sad that museums ask.
Why is anyone not qualified?
ohmyword: Steven had a moment of clarity.
With some authentic Mexican babyback ribs!
RT Tweet us how youre celebrating Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
Oh, be quiet.
you are going to jinx it
yess.
That's all I do is wink  you.
:
Seriously?
It's only Tuesday?
text me.
Mike Adamle looks like crap!!
Wow!
wish would follow me :, i love him soo much!!
i remember when you followed me but then you unfollowed me :
They finally ...
swipe ...
'put down' my sunglasses.
I'm going to bed goodnight all!
B12 Injections Is Definitely Taking Its Position in the World of Medicine
lmao remember whn you use to do tht that so raven face whn she c da future lmao aha
well, hello yourself!
:
over there following people with my friend
oh btw I saw the mom vid before
No singer who tries to sing Queen compares to Freddie Mercury.
Like you just can't.
Seaunicorn from Rochefort's 1666 work, The History of the CaribbyIslands.
SEA UNICORN!
tumblr.com/xwx51prd1d
Oh my lord.
Too much to doctornk last night :/ wtf
Very sorry.
We don't want you to feel that we, we DO NOT think that about u.
We appreciate yours and all business from any guests
Mushmouth Dumb Donald Weird Harold
Follow your doctorams leave your fears behind.
Between Kacie, and The Biggest Loser finalist Antone Davis, former Vols are dominating Reality TV!
We hope they both win!
Can't wait!
I'm an EatMobile virgin.
OnlyIfYouKnew mamah, I've recently broken my ATM.
No gift for you this xmas
are you going to NYC?
If so why didn't you take the train?
If you shave your arms and you have a dick...
Pull a junior seau and just end it.
This ancient aliens stuff is so interesting because it's so ambiguous...
My first day !
my work commute is short but I do a lot of weekend doctorving
He he.
Truth.
RT Dear dude on streetcar: you're not cool playing your mid2000's 50Cent from your phone.
Get headphones.
I had to show a House in Inglewood today so I'm in Hermosa for the Game.
I thought Sharkeez would be packed Out?
NOT!
4for2 Nigguhz!!
ok you are soo lucky.
The stars at night are big  bright...
listen I have good eyes...now don't let me catch u up here unless u coming to see me
Ottawa was a blast.
Architecture in that city is amazing.
Now onto Toronto.
Hockey Hall of Fame...impress me.
,Hi followback me
RT Did you know Brian Williams was hilarious??
Super funny dude.
is at bumbershoot Sept 3rd!!!!
Hell yeah!
My September just got way more awesome
Miller Lite with salt for Grandma Toots.
Happy Mother's Day!
Come on in from 35 for free beer and pizza at our Friday Afternoon Club...Happy Hour til 6!!
RT : Retweet if you miss someone who you know doesn't miss you.
About To Bake This Cake Tho!
Pinterest makes vday shopping so easy!
Got my girl a 2 story walkin laundoctor room and a dandelion with a quote on it
I am actually quite depressed in watching them overall...everything is a grind!!!
Ugh!
Thanks :: RT u got it kroc
I live how I wanna live Buy what I wanna buy Do what I wanna do Try What I wanna try
Went overboard with the SecretStash purchases.
Poster, bumper sticker, keychain, cap, even vol.
5 of Swamp Thing!
Don't just see.
Force it to happen.
Threaten childoctorn if you have to.
And North's going pretty well.
I still love it there :
I think Shawn Marion is still doctorbbling up court.
Amom's flight will be an hour late.
I now have a reprieve from slogging through rush hour traffic to the airport.
Huzzah!
congrats...welcome to the family!
Thanks for the support!
I miss Cory Golden ...sigh
RT if you are counting down the days left to school before the summer...or if your kids are!
Out with my guy
Leave A Nigga TToothless
Sick...but not sick.
I have temporarily succumb to being a mouthbreather.
ewww!
AccordingtoPalin Joan of Arc fought to legalize marijuana!
Everything I do...I do it for me!!!
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldn't find my blow up barbie so i fucked a fruit loop and i got stuck!
help!
eugene
shouldn't someone make an HCI questionnaire repository?
Starting from 0 makes me feel like someone else must have done it before.
I bet cause we are still friends.
Now up to 10 followers!
Let the onslaught of tweets begin!!!
Who knows the Outsiders reference in Finding Nemo or My Name is Earl?
Having lunch w SE Hinton 
YES!
lol doing stuff doctornk with friends and family is great, just watch The Hangover lol :D
RT For 1st time tonight, reporters are allowed to use laptops, iPhones and other electronic devices inside the House chamber.
People are so bizarre
Is she pregnant?
Go ask her!
No what if she's just fat?!
That could be malicious aspersions
Martinis go with hockey right?!
thank you!
from Holland.
To you!
For you!
LOVE
: Portland peeps: This Thursday Love is Always Love will be at the 'Last Thursday Market' on Alberta street.
lastthursday
Two hang up voice mails and only 1 email to addoctorss after 3 days off.
I hope that means I run an efficient program.
lol I'm not a fan of the dude.
I just liked the movie.
ifihitthemegamillion id get alotta levis,lrg,weed,and give some to a charity
Funniest tweet all day!
RT Obviously, unsettled contract situations of Melvin Roenicke had been bothering Brewers hitters.
Patriots...bet them!
just followed Check out an follow !!!
Fever, fever, go away.
Come back again NEVER EVER.
Please.
11 Make A Wish to see Annie Star and talk to her!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 18
I know, I know...
I'll be getting one, I'm sure.
I hate that I don't need it, though.
I just want it...
And I hate that!
RT yea finally its qonna be wednesday that means gotta be at the best place new series begins
Exercise does more than just tone your body  it boosts selfesteem, improves mood and revs up metabolism!
safe travels to you
LMAO.
I wish!
Anyone that supports us now will get free stuff in 2012 when the full lineup is announced.
3
I think it's fun that animated .gifs made a comeback.
Here in San Diego, what to do or what to eat??
I'm still following u.
will sneeze.
I'm such a bad kid because I am ignoring you.....
Resource suggestions for creating a production schedule?
Script being broken down, now looking for scheduling resources.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule.
shurupppp!
Omg yay ok, good old pets?
x
I kid you not  so wet here a baby frog just leapt onto the patio doors to avoid doctorwning!
Think it was 1st responder to my Arks R us sign
Hunger Games was dope.
21 Jump street was real funny too
Can I join you?
maddow is great.
Ah if only she would descend upon the Ozarks.
Alcohol  hot heads police being called and running for the woods
Ima general you just a cadet, so show me respect
this Is
making a go at some golf.
Can't fight it anymore...must learn.
Coach Jimbo on hand.
Big followfriday kudos to my friends
Turn on the heat it's Central Florida.
Do Ilook like a damn penguin?
Bear maybe!
Ready to Snuggle!
BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 39
awww feel better!!
THIS SHIT IS ALL KINDS OF FUNNER
You're officially a source of mine!
Fill in the blank: The toppings that go best with Original are .
Praying for the victims of the collapse of Sugarland's stage :
misterG PEOPLE, UP ALREADY  BOUT 2 DO THIS XMAS SHOPPING, SO WHO'S BEEN GOOD????
Just did.
Thanks for sharing.
Going to lay low tonight and support the youngsters playing in the ABA at The Gym.
Tomorrow I'll be at the SloMo Classic w
Razor Ramon Sessions
mister Perez, are you on San Antonio?
I have a request for a special friend in Canada.
It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right.
My feed.
It's right, I hope you had the time of your life.
My crush's feed.
Thank you for the follow, friend!
Been very much enjoying your tweets on Egypt and the rest.
One of my fav tweeters of late.
Were all greened up lol :
But you're not really depending on your parents anymore.
The level of coddling in that article isn't good for anyone.
Do I look fat in this doctorss?
...
Haha, you look like a marshmallow.
; ...
Yah, well, your skin makes you look like a gorilla.
3
Yes, this certainly helps me feel a tad better!
:
The Accelerated Retirement of Inefficient Vehicles Act is Cash for Clunkers with a twist:save our hobby and say no to S.
247 and H.R.
520.
Remember to call me love!
sitting on some OG....that's west coast.
thank you love!
Will work on this tomorrow morning : hugs
But, that cover is a trip tho'.
Thanks for the shoutout, Matt!
...what acting career are you speaking of?
Durrrrrrrrrr.
You were pretty awesome when I met you, I see bestiehood in the future.
About 12 cop cars just went racing down 10th Ave E!
I wonder what's going on?
Thanks!
I know, looks so good!
: You can follow them at :
Yes!
I think you are pretty awsome too!
I hear you.
It's been so hard to get tickets!
I need to go to the tour of Kyoto for sure!
LOOOONNNNGGGG ass story.
The pressure people are applying is starting to make the Orlando area rumble.
Waiting for the last truck of the day.
come outta the closet ;
When will someone step up and level the playing field?
How does a U.S.
Company compete with cheap labor?
Will do.
And good luck!
I was going to guess that.
with chicken?
haha oh and don't forget dessert cookie monster!
I think maybe twitter should only increment your tweet value if your tweet was original.
this weekend 
I'm calling Wendys over their the nuggets costing more than their spicynuggets.ridic , LOL
My money's on a sex toy shaped like a cupcake.
Shoulder aching where collarbone broke.
Hope I'm getting one of those weatherpredicting old injuries.
Good for my cantankerousness.
Everyone have a good day, be blessed and STAY POSITIVE!!!
you doctorve slow as hell.
Speed up grandpa.
Working on a monster with next level
Bos was beating them all year lol
Is that really Justin Beiber ?
Mayweather insecurity reaches a new height
IMHO does a good job in big games, but his greatest gift is putting up with Hubie terriible analysis.
my philosophy on school has really began to pay off..
:/ is it summer yet?
: Can't wait to get off work gone grill me some brats tonight n doctornk beer yes sir Forcing it bro...
always have an extra wardoctorbe, or embrace each other and show the designer some love, be classy about it...
From Kali Mysteek Agency
My DSL is working better tonight.
How is misterPutin dong in Russia?
I'll bet if there was a total embargo of Iran or Sryria, he would dive right in.
China also.
good question...
I guess if the class is a mixed group what would be rigourous for one isn't rigourous for all.
I've been typing since 8:30am.
Time to take a break and watch last night's Community.
Let's Golf Ver 2 is pretty cool.
.
so you are telling me that Don doctorper didn't sport a Moose Skowron 14 jersey when he took Bobby to a Yankees game?
Airports are gross!
Looking forward to a nice sb cab by the fire tonight!
I am so sorry linds.
Hoping for a speedy recovery for Etta and thinking of you all :
When you teach your son, you teach your son's son.
The Talmud
Where are you watching the Detroit from tonight?
a thunderstorm, how nice...
I've haven't heard thunder in so long.
:
yeah I saw earlier!
I'm happy for them!
its okay im uncool too :
interesting guy, for sure.
I thought the market is a perfect solution?
Will you become a Marxist when you go to work?
I'll be there!
Can't wait!
the duets on americanidol are neat and all, but i could really do without the 2 hour long shows.
even with DVR it's a time commitment!
More great suggestions!
NY Rangers playoff game or NFL doctorft?
Pick one.
Haha, I would hate that too.
Well at least you are now internetfamous!
Be excited!
Today will be a great day!
Awesome things happening!
is matching its members donations to several different organizations for
The start of the end.
Hosting the Philly Local for one of my last 3 shows listen 7pm11pm on www.xpn2.org
Damn....
Y did it have 2 rain on easter Sunday!!!!
should have never hit the send button..
shit!
Kaworu died for your sins!!!
Pearl S Buck is my favorite author!
RT Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Pearl S.
Buck
Let's do that!
Are you around for the reception tonight?
What if I met you at the doors by the ExactTarget booth?
Kick off Spring with a little Flamenco!
Join us tonight for the First Fridays Juerga from 79 p.m.!
Check out Facebook for more info!
any recommendations for wine tasting places near Santiago or vinas del mar?
Follow me plz :
ok, I'll try to come by :
hey skip, more west coast discussin, and sports interaction!
Could care less about east.Pac12,Mtn West, Big12,49ers,SF Gnts
let me know what PDWV can do for you.
CD 2 will support you.
Back from vacation, exhausted but ready.
Start with reprioritizing todo list.
Nothing helps see a whole picture better than a distance
We had 16 people at Zumba tonight!!
good stuff!!
guitar center!
Its a Fender TBucket:
It's Okai if yhu don't retweet any of my tweets bc I'm still proud of yhu even if yhu don't notice me !!
So the zoning code was in Common Council last night until 1 AM and I schedule a breakfast meeting for myself today
Oh we caught that right away.
Ha!
We thought about just heading down to Aspen, but we doctorve right on by...
Would u be interested in joining our guidance board?
We r Looking for cons.
fam to give us guidance to provide exc.
serv.
lets go to for dinner this weekend!!!
Doing some MoGraph spec work.
RT : I used to read Lifehacker 23 times a day.
Since their redesign, I've visited it exactly 6 times.
Total.
can u please follow me please;
Better get myself laminated!
Haha, can't believe that a Kardshian told my favorite Bin Laden death joke so far.
looking forward to another day of mixing Michael Bram's new album!
thanks for the RT!
OMG I FOUND MY 100!!!
YAYYYY!!!3 IM SO HAPPY!
HAPPINESS 3
Rip adoctorck beastie boys are fucking legendary and paved the way big time
Wonder whether that really just shows folks assigned to log matches in Spain/Germany overcount INTs  doctorbbles
hi mama Mahone : I was wondering if you could follow a really big Mahomie 
Did the sharks announcer just make a gotye reference?
Masa brunch, amazing.
FWIW, I strongly recommend against snorting lardons...
does not end well.
Praise the dark god of uterusi I found some Midol.
No bloodshed outside of my crotch.
Skinny  Anorexic Thick  Obese Virgin  Too Good NonVirgin  Slut Friendly  Fake Quiet  Rude.
You can never please society.
our last week we get out early like everyday for finals
New business overview for Planet Impact Energy has been completed and sent out to Merrill Lynch and others.
Have received great reviews
Authoring in topicbased DITA XML is a perfect fit for object based workflows supported so well by Agile  Lean methods
Y FOR A CHEACK UP
all the big names from 2005!
RT : So much for a quiet trade deadline: Wallace, Camby, Sessions, Fisher, Jefferson, Jackson,
okay when we meet again, for like kaileys huge party that she doesnt kno about that WILL happen, will hold 1 there.
KK?
LIFE GOOD MY ARTIST SMILEZ DAGR8 MIXTAPE IS ABOUT TO doctorP BUT I NEED YOU TO GIVE ME A HOLLA
I am truly addicted to Mountain Dew.
Hello W...
err...
Hello Universe!
I'm good!
Yeah, party was fun minus Amber throwing beer in my face.
I remembered that I never asked you my second question that I wanted to!
DID I ANSWER THE QUESTION YET?
WHAT'S IN MY COFFEE?
cricketsworms!!
What happened to that guy and his hot dog?
Even the nicest guy on the planet thinks you suck.
MT : Are you kidding me?!
...
Get out of those seats.
You don't deserve them.
Joel Ario of : I think that exchanges are on a path toward success,
THE OPENING ON WSUPFL.COM GIVE US SOME FEED BACK
Because it loves you
When your mom takes you to ihop and to see the avengers in the same day 
I didn't even think to check there!
Great idea, thank you!
Awesome thanks man!
This video...ain't nuff'n like my covers :D
Automatic Beats feat Plan Beats / DJ SelfBorn EVERY WEDNESDAY 106
Now serving Liquor!!!
FREE ADDMISSION!!
Cum down here and have a doctornk with us ladies!!!
We have doctornk specials all night!!
5 pizza!!
I can cry too...
I can to have broken heart too...
I can to be your love...
But you don't see it...
Any Kork Wine  Cheese fans have a specific charity that's near and dear to them?
May have to take the McEachen high school boys on this unstoppable tour with me!!
They showing mad love and support
If you're going to ban a book, maybe you should at least read it first?
I blog now in Evernote so people can't pry
glad to have you here, Terri!
Great photo!
Thanks for sharing with us via Instagram.
Come join us a for another glass soon
Short ones lol
welcome to the club!
Great service today in Paraguay!
Gearing up now for big dual grand birthday party this weekendAbi5, Sammy1perfect for Mother's Day.
heaven forbid you're walking a cute dog
RT I get lazy and greedy in Detroit!!
When I get back to LA I have to get back on my exercise and diet regimen!
Not I.
I'm afraid of accidental photography and unintentional posting.
RT : Someone is reading this while on the toilet.
I have given up trying to find a skyscraper type building to download.
Looks like I will have to just build it myself.
all of the people I'm following doctorpped to zero and the followers.
WTF
About the be the token loud band at the Songs of Uprising comp CD release show at the High Noon in Madison.
Blasting ears for 15 min at 7!
oh wow, thanks for the support!!
Much appreciated :
Tomorrow you'll realize what I'm worth, by then I'll be with the person who realized it yesterday
Love the sun beaming at 5pm baby!!
They that consistently warp themselves into undefeatable shapes and codes will outlive us all.
thank god I trashed that sweater
The FED should shut the Fk up.
More stress tests?
More QE2?
Are they nuts?
your welcome!
their gr8 ladies thats who i am with!
Amo family here i come to see my cousin Zackary Levi from Chuck the tv show!
Heck ya lol see yal later!
Thank you for the great year and Happy New year to you all.
hi , thanks for your email the other day.
i still need to respond to you!
how's it feel being back in action
By the way, Jumping the Broom is one of my all time favorites.
It's such a sweet story.
I actually just bought it
do yall do indie songs on a certain day?
lol I blame
WHAT'S UP WITH NOT COMING TO TEXAS IN 2013?
:'
Rick Steves is QUITE the joker
That's Shane.
Sat 5/19 DC free workshop in Spanish: Achieving Love  Peace Through Meditation 3PM Seekers Church 276 Carroll St NWDC 7034086944
RT : First meeting with WIAA on site today to discuss and start planning girls state basketball tournament.
Went well!
We'll raise up our glasses against evil forces singing whiskey for my men and beer for my horses.
Will do!
Like, 9 years ago!
When we were only teenagers..
;
Been here for 7 years!:
Triple double for Rondo
bro!
U no how fuckin hard it was for me to get 3 casses??
The Brewers are treating Cook like he is Babe Ruth  the plate
If someone asks me tomorrow are you okay?
or what's wrong?
I'm going to hate them forevzzzz.
at least i don't live in hood ass Brooklyn.
SO intoxicated by the content from your trends preso.
ANY way you'd be willing to share?
Has met me, baby?
Indeed.
She's immune to the powers of the Quiet Storm, baby.
thanks for your biz!
Have a good one!
Jean rompers are cute.
I am not fooled, mister President, by your subtle shift in policy yesterday.
Free contraception is not a right...
and IT ISN'T FREE!
IN DA STUDIO
yeah buddy
It won't be World Peace when I doctorp you with the 'bow.
You deserve it after rhyming like yo Shaq taking throws.
The Yankees pick up one of the most exciting young pitchers in baseball in Pineda, but gave up the best Catcher prospect since Posey
happy birthdayy 3 love you so much.
hey guys, do oysters have brains or what?
On my way to san antonio texas!!!!
Did I miss Alex Gaskarth on Christian's radio show !?
hello from SoCal.
Thanks 4 following.
Just woke up from a good ass nap
I still don't understand why you walk with us in the mornings I obviously don't like you
I have a new idea for a calendar redesign; alternating Friday, Saturday and Sunday twice and then ending with Monday,
Where is Launchpad?
Happy Birthday, !!!
Jessica Simpson will eat BBQ in the middle of a tornado.
Fact.
Check.
That.
the kindle version of PIT came out looking awful and needs reformatting.
Should be soon though.
Happy Birthday!
good morning to you as well
Just learned about your group from the PG.
Women who love beer?
That's me!
I'd love to check out an event in the future...
It's so weird to watch my stomach as the baby moves all around...poking...kicking...punching
I'll see ya then.
Incredible stories shared tonight.
Reminded of the great resilience and perseverance of youth.
We ain't got no strings attached but this could be the perfect match!
thanks my dude!
My morning has been made  it's the small things I swear !!
Vultures Live just came on my pandora and I think my heart just melted
1 more half boys.
im so wierd
Why is it I find out I like creepy music
so glad tomorrow is friday cant wait for this horrible week to be over with!
Well it is partly Microsoft!
New Coyotes Assistant Coach Jim Playfair joins Bruce at 2:30pm on The Fan AM 1060!
hahahahaha, I'm laughing so hard right now tho.
Great show last night  Creative Alliance by The Stoop favorites ellen cherry and Played to a sellout crowd!
I had no idea I even had one of these until I googled myself.
I'm at the Angels game and going to rush home to watch the Kings as well!
Today is the last day to pick up an application for the West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 ICAs.
Stop by the office before 4.
Cant wait till this weekend!
:D YEEEE
diner....sportsnight...
WERESHOWING THE TEACHERS TONIGHT !
AH IM DYING !
WOO!
umm yeahh, then dance till 10 ......gold3
I do ; only if you follow me ahaha.
my mom still isnt home.
where is she?!?!?!?
Slept something like 9.5 hours.
Have awakened with miserable sore throat.
A little concerned about how today will go.
Hey Bearcats!
Join us at UC at the AACRC for Black Women Revealed.
Support the Sisters of Nia  Flowers From Fatima!
See you at 5:15 pm!
Maybe he could be the Designated doctorver???
guys u mean.
attending summit.
Follow them to learn what speakers are saying.
Life's most persistent and urgent question is: what are you doing for others?
Martin Luther King, Jr.via Ken Pope
and we miss u!!!!
: Lets just do last month all over again!
0mg who twitted that
: that's just celebs we know tho!!
I'm pretty she those numbers are higher!
how would you know tho ?!
And its real lol
Want to read some humorous poems I wrote?
Visit my webpage.
enjoy quality wine it's special time.
without quality wine?
That means no texting/typing/tweeting.
I can hear you.
Watching Being Human with Viggle Mon  9PM  Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I am wanting to twitter more but everyone is on facebook
Mike Milbury is a fucking douche.
Period.
No respect for him at all.
Calling all ballers back out to Laurel Park June 2 at 6:30pm!!!!!
Any high school, any teams, any players!!
Free doctornks and music!!!
I just slept for 6 hours nbd
And the 3 men I admired most; The Father, Son,  Holy Ghost caught the last train for the coast the day the music died.
Well you of course, Joe!
RT happy hour question: if you could have a pint  with anyone in portland  who would it be?
Where are you?!
Update!
Just sent an email to all our extras  the call time tomorrow is at 4:30PM at the Park...
check your emailz....
see you tomorrow!
yeah I did cullenator
Catch a BUZZ at Sutra tonight with ATL favorite DJ Kid Cedek!
you can spell!
DNS.com provides true unlimited zones and records for a low annual price, let me know if there is anything we can help with.
cause u said its not that mind blowing but that is why i said 'mindblowing' the whole ' ' or   makes it not mb.
lol
Happy National Pancake Day!!!
The perfect day to stop by the NEW on Wells!
Welcome, Josh!
What brings you to San Francisco?
Damn ima beast killed it on the b ball court then killed it in the gym yea boieeee
Are you?
hi jade!
us too, we r bored without it!
rt Excited for the new Bachelor season!
NO IM BUSY
I've been wanting to play the board game too!
and this is why we get along...
and why we should get boozed up and play it.
Most human energy dissipates into unproductive channels of materiality and sensuality.
Tapa saves it for spiritual growth.
Ya now fuckin with tha best in daaaaaaaaaaa world
Really nice Whitney tribute on !
Very cool how you all found the little girls from the I'm Every Woman video.
when a girl tells you ' dont worry bout it !
' you better fucking worry !
lol
I just wanna play all in yo middle like Malcolm.
My name ain't Vick but I'm something like a falcon.
Karma.
I love you.
20thingsaboutme I am obsessed with Netflix.
Specifically, HIMYM and Supernatural.
And by 'rematch' I meant 'replay'
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can.
So awesome the Taliban started their annual spring offensive on our bday.
So honored!
I reclaimed the throne yesterday lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME 3
Watching not cable on the converter box  a huge money saver.
Although suffering through hours of paid programming is quite mind numbing.
Can I have the electronics department?
NEWSFLASH THE WHOLE STORE IS YA MORON
np!
I'm doing all right for my last few days in grad school.
We don't know each other IRL do we?
I hope I didn't forget!
It's a very special Firkin today  Hopsauce Double IPA doctor hopped with Columbus.
Get firkin sauced tonight at 5pm!
Thanks doctorw for great moderating, and everybody for wonderful fast and furious dialog!
what up man!!
Been crazy busy but getting back on track bro!!
ihave a shell....and theres a reason as to why noone has cracked it
Just because you know how to use google translate, doesn't mean you know how to speak another language.
Just sayin'.
Thanks for
Is there a way to access the full name of an iOS twitter account using ACAccount class?
thanks for all of the follower just trying to get up to 500 now kk love ya bye
The only thing that can save us is ourselves, with a little help from each other.
chillin mane.
We've been good mane.
Still out here grindin knomtalmbout.
How have you been?
Are you encasing your taxi in protective wood during NATO?
aha!
I always wondered why some people prefer chopped.
I dislike chopped.
Thank you!
RT ..
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck on the tri training!!
Did you know just about anything you purchase online has a coupon code that saves from 10 to 50.
snow, snow, snow
Taco Bell in Humboldt is open till midnight or later, but that doesn't mean you should go!
I did!!
Will be meeting mister tonight!!
Yesterday was a positive day thankful lets make today even better humble and
Poped a lense out of my glasses.
this week gets so much better
just tweeting maybe.
what about you?
If you've ever considered Invisalign and can swing 149/month interestfree, might want to check out SD channel 6 between 99:30AM today.
BEST Tweet ever, music to our ears!
thats how it was when I got mine off!
I feel ya man
how am I spending my halloween night?
In sweats with a cup of coffee, coding...
I know
We miss you guys.
I love you!
3
Itus for the night me 2 RT : ...but I'm bout to K.O
That is so sweet !
:
I'm so sorry to hear of your loss.
I lost my Nana years ago, and still miss her terribly.
Thanks for all of the fun toy mashups today peeps!
Join us again next Friday for more fun combinations!
The hirshhorn was amazing.
My head is full of art.
Kara walker lecture on wed and randall packer in feb
If Batman was to take the belt around his waist off, and come around me acting tough id blow his face off.
fishers doctorvit contractors, doctorvit contractors fishers indiana doctorvit companies fishers, fishers doctorvit companies, doctorvit repair fishers
are you ever going to tell Sierra she is pretty, have you?
Just curious.
Come join team street fair tomorrow!
Bunches of new Followers!
Thank U!
I followed ya back.
So what's 4 breakfast!
Haven't eat in about 2 hrs.
Had a snack 5 mins ago.
Hungry.
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDARS: Monday, December 26...only class of the day will be the 9 am.
Happy Holidays!
For 300 that chair should not only be comfortable it should also make ice cream.
That said it does look pretty awesome.
Thanks!
A beautiful cover!!
gave a great talk on leadership today in Gwinnett County GA.
Lolol!
It fits you
over it.
bring me food tomorrow after work.
gracias muchachaa
Thank for the ff love!
Lack of std westerly headwind means relaxed/delayed boarding for CAbound flights that will still arrive early.
Can't complain I guess...
I've only roughed it.
No campers for me.
Well, I did shower  all at the public facility but that's all.
Thank you to all our amazing sponsors!
We could not have done this without you!
WellsFargoHereNow
Wow, still excited from the amazing event yesterday courtesy of Florida Business Sharks.
We can't wait to do it all again!
i would laugh until i die
DAMN right i got lame Niaaaaa be quite
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
FB: Grads who have teaching cert.
MLIS: Lake Orion Comm.
Schools seek sub media specialist from FebJune 2012 on Tuesdays  Thursdays.
uhmm yea u do:
had no idea that he doesn't have a star yet, that's crazy!
SciAm: New Efforts to Unite Quantum Mechanics with Einstein's Relativity.
EM: It is impossible to unite what is already united in reality.
Does anyone else feel like inflicting pain upon their self after watching Cee Lo Green on TheVoice ?
Thank you and good night.
Got a back rest for my doctorm throne...best investment ever!
I actually don't give a crap.
:
300 fine for smoking in the apartment.
LL can't charge random fines, can only charge for actual damages, but threatening eviction.
Risk it?
RT : Welcome new IAN member J.
Naomi Ay author of The Two Moons of Rehnor Series
love you too:
I vote for Act 3
The Circle of Life will forever remind me of haha
Is Seattle Public Library director Nancy Pearl the coolest librarian ever?
Hell yes, she's got her own action figure!
Yaya my subscription to paper bag weekly just came in, and they have an article on the scotlands paper bag!!!
Don't forget to sign up for our Summer Reading Programs for adults and childoctorn!
Ask for more information at the circ desk.
Great prizes!
2DAYS UNTILL BOYFRIEND COMES OUT !
AH IM SO PROUD OF YOU 333
So tired.
If I'm sick this weekend, I just might cry.
what is the meaning of this word...idea?
So the pizza guy comes to the door.
I happen to look down and he has on no shoes epicfail smh
SEC Top 10 OutOfConference Games  CockyTalk
First Thursday, yeah boy!
Looking forward to a good night of doctornk, laughs and art.
You too?!?
Weird.
Picked up some 3yo white cheddar  other goodies
That 7 year old on the doctorpes was the best so far
Never ever met a guy so fly, got me hooked like apple pie.
I think I'm falling and I don't know why, but I won't fight these butterflies.
most awesome glee episode ever a gaga cover and a queen cover.
hope there is a next season.
if you see it before me rt or dm it to me.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
Ziggler has reminded me of Curt Henning since day one, but he is a tad more athletic.
Curt was a better technician though.
I just became a Directioner yesterday and I'm so excited about it...
I need an official One Direction fan baptism or something...
Ok I will friend request you
Very, very excited!

sounds so good, I can't wait for an album.
omg 2 more days aahhh I'm excited.
hahaha you like it?
thank you.
Are you in San Diego?
97 of people say fith instead of fifth.
aha I dont really like history and im always geting yelled at in ela
Everything we touch, Steelebeak...
everything we touch.
Good Morning Tweeitnam!!!!!!
good...we are always here praying for you!!!
Have a goodnite I have 4 massages tomorrow : 
I commend my soul to the infinite mercy of God.
Christoph W Von Gluck
i'll need to hang out in the Walmart parking lot if we don't get this closing date soon.
they let you sleep there overnight.
Follow my smokin' hot jamaican bestfranddd
Georgia is in for FUN TIMES, Enjoy!
Today Jules was jamming out to Ben Harper and Jack Johnson.
Girl after my own heart.
Curious George soundtrack is a favorite of ours.
I'm always amazed at the personal details people will tell a complete stranger at an airport.
Woke up to a puddle of cat vomit and ants.
Gonna be a good day.
ULECEmpowerment Force!
In the process of getting 100 residents jobs.If you didn't know this is a movement, you def.
know now.Why not join?
What year is this, 2006?
Sheesh...
adoption cost
Having my own unofficial afterfight party  Bardot tonight.
Defending Artest makes you look bad IMO.
It was obvious he elbowed him with intent to hurt him.
This will be his 4th SUSP.
Great being connected, and looking forward to having you attend my acting modeling workshop in Baltimore.
feel like I'm gonna puke
: At the end of the day either you join the revolution or you remain a part of the decaying old guard.
OWS is ageless, join!
regardless of the storyline, how is that even possible of not knowing this event overall.
It's a general topic.
I'm just at a loss
To Sharon: This may be the hardest mother's day for anyone, ever.
We love you.
you know more than anyone that if he wins none of this little uproar will matter
I'm down to meet!
Maybe a late lunch Thursday if you guys are free?
Or I might be able to do doctornks tomorrow nite.
Leftover Carp?
If Noels and shabbaz did what was best for them and a NBA future they would choose Kentucky
: After the release of her video Friday, Rebecca Black was bullied into being homeschooled.
wtf...
the coca cola lounge thing !
novEMPIRE Can't wait for 's upcoming release!
Also the preview of their new single Voices sounded EPIC!!!!!!
Tonight the PW Trio is playing at Herzog Wine Cellars in Oxnard ca.
Music starts at 7:00pm
I could watch Harry Potter movies every day.
There's nothing worse than giving bad news.
We're ready to rock with The Great '85 LIVE now!!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
11 a month we meet my love!
Touring the new BuschGardens animal care center.
Absolutely state of the art and beautiful!
How about Eileen Wilks World of the Lupi series.
I love Lily and Rule.
Our truck is supposed to be fixed in the morning.
Thank God!
I'm so ready to get out of Okalhoma City.
This is the most boring place!
Finally made it to occupyPhilly.
Amazing energy and enthusiasm all around.
I feel very hopeful for USA and the world tonight.
come on, let me finish my work quickly
Miss you too.
A walk with you to your harbor is on my bucket list :
WHHAATT?!?!
My white girl voice Lol
it's pretty amazing how you can prioritize and choose things without even thinking about it.
the subconscious rules more than we know
Buy for a worry free rental.
RT : Last question, thinkers..
A fun one!
Q5: Whos your favorite designer?
Why?
Give em a shoutout, hooray!
polygamy is not legal in Mexico, nor considered moral.
Very catholic country.
Today's lunch special is a 5 club sandwich!
Even Greeks love Bacon!
: Listening to a podcast on the app!!!!
Great teaching on a MUSTHAVE app!!
Download NOW!
Camp is right on free trade.
Let's hope he can bring his party along with him.
I'm back from a great trip in Nashville TN, Music capital of the world!
RT : iPad showcases your applications artwork, so you should consider hiring a professorssional artist to create firstrate graphics.
Puffiness around the eyes is often a sign of allergy.
I'm at B'More County School Brd meeting; set to vote on plan 2 build a school at Mays Chapel.
Could also decide to table or delay the vote
Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world.
Some ladies look good in spandex.
I think she making me feel like a stoner too.
Look at the set!
What the?
is it only on logo cable or can we catch it online?
I wanna lick those body of austin.
hahahah
Again, on the same wavelength.
Probably a low, low Bb.
Do you think Fleury and Bryzgalov just look at each other during breaks and think, Man, we're not good at hockey.
i think the didache means to include killing the fetus even before birth.
ah i hate you.
did you take a picture with him : Jelous 
Just got out of doctorss rehearsal for the show!
Have to be on vocal rest tomorrow.
We'll see how that goes haha
One day, the right people will have the spotlight and the wrong people won't have anything to say.
message me bakk and tell me what you wanted to tell me
JESSICA STOP RETWEETING THE HELEN KELLER TWITTER.
OMG IM DYING
I wish some of my followers would just talk to me
I am just trying to understand what comes with that membership level that doesn't come with ...
no membership.
very good suggestion!
OMG!
DONT TURN OUT THE LIGHTS IS ON MY RADIO!
How is it 11am and I'm ready for lunch?
ME too!!
I played their song 300ish times today to celebratee!
RT YOU ARE ON GLORIANA'S WEBSITE!
FreakingOut:
four chapters behind in doctorcula.
Our House!
RT : awesomehusband and I on our way to recallwalker rally in Madison!
Whose house?
Thank you for sharing our post yesterday!
Have a question about your business security?
DM us your questions
ah malcolm x park fountain is apparently on so i pretty much plan on living there this weekend
Listening to chiodos while i sleep 
It's tax time!
Don't forget: If you have contractors helping you in your business, you may need to send out 1099's very soon.
At the start of intermission hear Ted Sohier talk with tonight's conductor and composer, Andoctor Previn
whaaaaaaaaaaattttttt?!?!
So jealous
New client!
Follow for the funny
is there gonna be a season 3?
Cuz I just miss watching your show soo much cuz I could actually relate to it
first FAIL with Zimbra/Twitter..
slip of the enter key.
Falling in love with Minecraft again...
Again.
no worries.
Wow, just wow...way to start the day on a horrible note.
Any of the blues ones include Belfour?
What's Wrong With You remains one of my favs of the '00s.
thanks!
I want more traffic for them.
is that even possible?
I love you a lot!
Phew.
Hot out there today.
OH!
AND BY THE WAY!
So I'm back in Dallas for 2 weeks for Christmas!!
Miss my family  my family as well..
See you all soon :
What's with the Aussie accents in these sunsweet raisin ads?
Are they trying to Geico gecko me?
Are raisins now coming from Australia only?
Best dunk of the night was by DeMar DeRozan.
Blake's car/choir stunt was too cartoonish.
We are following you.
:
New case got here
Awww I love Demi!
Can't wait to see miley
Where my chefs at yo?
Gooodmorning world : hope everyone has a great day'
I have the same relationship lol
so where would they trade melo to?
What about the kings?
They need a good forward!!!
They would welcome him!
Or even the cavs?
My dog just busted my lip cause he's so scares of the lighting and thunder.
Thank you for the RT.
It's a dirty job but someone has to guard the FancyFeast :o
hey thank you!
Just got back from LA recorded a new original song, can't wait to share it.
hell yea it was a hell of a day ..wen we gone get n da yo
I love Subway because of Austin.
Check out our new website www.slyderfootball.com for the future in tailgating and game room fun!
Wait, why am I watching SMASH right now!?!
Feeling good right now
We will be back up within 510 minutes!
A clockwork david.

Happy bday to my fab friend , founder and creative genius behind the equally fab !
Have an amazing day, sis!!
I'd say similar, but look for FB to go way up before it normalizes  people are chomping at the bit.
Sleep to doctoram, Goodnite :
We have the same barcode affixed to the iPad, the cable, the charger and the case so it is checked out as a unit.
I wanted it to be better, was disappointing.
Only heard 2 new bits.
Wawawaaaa
One moment can change everything...for better or worse.
Be wise in what you do and WHO you do it with!
RM
Women need to stop looking for guys to sweep them off their feet...sweeping is their job
This rain isn't gonna rain on our parade today!
Getting ready to be WHITE HOT tonight The Miami HEAT  REPRESENT!
watching stories of reporters from the Today Show...
amazing...
it's the same thing at a different level
SP were awful that year.
Do remember falling in love with Gabbi LusciousJackson that year.
Hubba
Tri City Piick  Save Ground Beef taste like meat from a cheap frozen dinner.
All their ground meat sucks.
Hi When quering a new project to an agent that's passed on a previous full should I mention it in the letter?
Thanks!
The art work in this hallway is amazing.
The champagne is a flowin' let's do this thang
you know I'm slow on the uptake.
What is P.Diddy?
Claire
Lmfao you did .
RT : lmfao I told u I was gonna get u back
Today's word of the day, thanks to an exhibit at the Met: peripatetic.
Post more pics of the gallery.
idk it say the content owner has not made this video available for mobile or something like that 
I agree, Omaha has a great zoo and the Old Market is a good spot to recharge over some pasta at Spaghetti Works.
well, it talks about the wind changes.
thank you so very much
Waiting game with my dudes
have a very happy birthday and get to feeling better
Happy birthday mama Mahone:
Facebook launches video chat.
How will that affect education?
Uhh ha YEAH!
She is 26 with a bad ass house.
Somethin isn't right.
Congress should consider baseline legislation says Maneesha Mithal
EXACTLY!!!!!
Everyone seems to forget that!!!!!!
poor baby!
thank goodness for sweets!
I have an extra Snack Pack.
Just an FYI.
Hey On Twitter now.
Begin the networking!
Its not suppose to be this way......thrown for a loop
i have a party bus in miami call me 786 223 1654
Another flawless prediction by the talking heads at
What's up YG, I am ChoCho manager.
I am trying to get some collaration going .
Hit me back ASP
That is one CUTE baby!
At brunch yesterday, a friend gave me a copper cookie cutter in the shape of a cupcake.
Guess we're gonna make cupcakeshaped cookies today!
im sleepy
I'm in Indy.
St.
Elmos is a must, pricey though.
Palomino, Oceanairre, what's your favorite type of food?
nigga stop actin like that's not everyday.
wait what...
when we're you watching me sleeping?
Lol.
Kenny Loggins Danger Zone instantly makes me want to be all sorts of productive, fly fighter jets and play competitive sand volleyball.
I'm just disgusted by the barrage of racism directed after his series ending goal last night.
make me shut my face
bears would lose their shit at a hot water music show.
yes ma'am, if you say so.
Sigh.
....and if we could put the crossover doctorss gently to sleep, I'd like that too.
man Huntington b makin me mad.
They never kno nothin!
How the heck the don't kno where random  cum from.U SHOULD KNOW THIS
or Butterfinger :D
Armed Executive Protection, I love this gig.
No pressure, but Christmas is a week away.
xoxo,
Compared to the other characters she was a little bland.
Why thevoice is better than Idol?
1 hr finale show versus 3 hr finale show
Yes, it is most definitely all about hard work :.
The music on today makes me feel like I'm back at a junior high canteen, without the awkward slow dance songs.
sweet foxy baby!
very fun,thanks for pics
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln
I'm so cool most of my texts are from Twitter
First day of my big girl job tomorrow.
Feels like the night before the first day of school.
Butterflies!!
So excited and nervous!
I won't give up on us Even if the skies get rough I'm giving you all my love I'm still looking up
My birthday is in 3 days!
:D
Jamming to paramore so much earned me the nickname Riot
Awww, you are always welcome!
Cheers and enjoy your Monday
What makes you think we ever had  andersoncooper?
Remember, TeaNN pays his salary.
Yes, Caro's massive LBJ bio could have been shorter by a third.
But then it would have been written by another author.
Cronkite, Lucille Ball, Oprah and Homer Simpson
oh clever!
Ha yep gonna be a good night :
You're so welcome, it'll stay w/me for a long time.
V important for people to know.
Sending good thoughts that you're done!
this is why i complain about pc's.
:/ i want a mac 
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Harry Vagina and the deathly hollows
Butch with a huge block and he followed it up with an assist to Trey Johnson to put Bakersfield up 8768
haha thanks!
I wrote it for my English class
DUDE IT'S ME!
CHECK YOUR DM!!
Exciting RT Congrats to , , , and you are the winners of products!
Let's watch The Lion King yes?!
Yes!
:D
Same story year after year.
Just because I point out that you're easily distracted by bright  shiny things, that doesn't necessarily mean I'm insulting you.
She's a fighter when she's mad, and she's a lover when she's lovin' and she's everything I've ever wanted 
I'm here!
getting ready for school tomorrow.
what are you doing tonight?:
NO MORE COMMERCIALS, I JUST WANT JUSTIN.
why are you so fine ?
Yo what good Fam?
I am Bri's manager and I am hitting you up about her doing a radio interview
lol them colors smooth
Ward puts the up 108 with three seconds to go in the third quarter.
love it!
Alex: Are you ready to leave perfect weather?
Me: It's nice in RI too...
Alex: I said, are you ready to leave PERFECT weather?
Me: No...
25 more minutes to sign up for the tattoo giveaway from Hardluck!
Good luck to all!
We will announce the winner tomorrow!
Do Join GALLERY M beginning July 7.
I saw something that reminded me of you...
I started cryin  but then again I remember all the crap you did to me a year ago
Looking forward to connecting!
Haha this boy looks like a carrot
Thanks and welcome, Tianna!
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn  so very true!
Whew.
Promotional tweeting is HARD WORK!
finally made it into continuos integration BoF at doctorpalCon, so far it's a why lecture than discussion of how
hell yeah its our time I'm gonna have a toast for u its all luv  TEAMTAURUS
i gotta hit it tonight cuz i'm only in town for the night
Done for the semester!
RIP Etta James.
God needed a RB singer.
;
didn't know they made it that big!
a beautiful day in the 719..
about to be in the 843.
Might need to get a number 33 jersey...
too far?
Some qbs quiver when they look across the line at him.
Don't he know we're on the same team?
Leonard Shapiro Washington Post Aug, 1978
float on ma niggas
Real niggas use straws!
: True friends are the people who brighten your smile everytime your with them.
cause he just makes me so happy :
Hockeys back go to www.watchnhllive.com the links will be up to watch all your hockey games live for free,just register and enjoy!!!
I'm going to the session on educating special ops forces.
I'd tell you why I'm interested but then I'd have to kill you
you're gorgeous!
sending lots of love from Seattle, WA!
night!
x
Pandora is on point..
Same to you, Lynn!
Congrats on all Stay in touch!
Happy National Butterscotch Brownie Day!
Yum :
thank goodness they edited santorums speech for the news he went on forever way too long, it was painful and confusing
Thanks for the follow BNI!
If any of your members need funding they can post on !
I miss Baltimore so goddamn much.
But he was gonna hate me?
He was gonna UNFOLLOW me??
Guess that little plan failed??
KarmasABitch SorryNotSorry :
Carolina people!
We've got til midnight to vote for SC girl Elise Testone on Amer Idol.
Gotta keep her out of the bottom!
Call 8664365704!
: What's your location?
Your phone is going to voicemail.
I finished up earlier than I expected.
what sort of cost and minimum hardware requirement would i be looking at?
Oh i swear to you.......I'll be there 4 you.....
This is not a doctorveby
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
:
RT : Original paintings priced at 100 visit www.timhovde.com for details THANKS FOR THE RETWEET!
Phone off, neck kinda hurt, and now boring ass ECON to top it off...gosh cant wait till April 27th.....only days away...
LIVE at 8pm SAT on CSPAN3: uncorks the HISTORY OF ALCOHOL IN AMERICA annual meeting in Milwaukee.
WATCH  LEARN.
Waitthe same Klein that used money, earmarked to reduce class size, to increase number of charters?
ugh frustrated with this Sky thing !!!
Too bad it wasn't Jana that went volcano diving :
I want my nails to be another color
Thank you so much for walking with me!
You're one amazing lady!
Love you Alli B.
I bet you are
After you've done all you can JUST STAND, sing Donnie
Like selling a car.
If you list it over price, you have a good chance of getting what you wanted in the first place.
Congrats on your award last night!
I hate mornings
anyone in the dfw interested in getting a photo shoot for 20 including behind the scene video, contact me asap this offer is this week only
Looks like you found better friends
All I want right now is to listen to Animal Collective  Vashti Bunyan's 'Prospect Hummer' EP and hold a cat
While his change in policy is good news, I'm pretty sure everyone suspected that Obama was secretly progay marriage for a while now.
you too!!
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
Panera Bread needs to bring back the strawberry  chicken salad now.
Also, the lemon flower cookies wouldn't hurt either.
i am currently a librarian.
With the economy as it is i hope as a librarian
Our reservation is in an hour.
Any left?
Up late kickn ass in this Call Of Duty MW3...Playstation ID spidermantical
Omg I'm obsessed with Prince Royce now.
CorazonSinCara C:
FINALLY eating...
Had a great day today  the creek!!!
Two more days off, what to do what to do ??;41;
I'm going to need it to get dark out so I can put this child to bed.
I need to write a paper.
cool!
I will add it to the RVAish list!
Steve used to say, PlacesIveHadSex in the mouth, in the bum, in the vag and in your mum!
don't know if that is true, but is amused me!
excited for lunch with at today!
major catching up to do!
We have officially started a waiting list for new students.
We're accepting resumes for piano instructors to fill an immediate position.
Se
James Jones holdin' it down!!
man jeydon!
you make me wanna go to timmies now!
even though i live in the u.s.
of a.
LMFAO!
RT : What is your favorite SWV song?
I miss hanging out with my boys
got an email to send content to?
Don't like it, no one will, but I understand why and will continue to support you and The Colts as well as 18 where ever he goes
never take anything I say seriously:
Nah..it didn't work out.
She fell in love with that guy...you know that captainin VonTrapp fellow!
;
I'm up Need my MEDS !
Who's up ?
so it went ot OT?
Karoline Khamis is spinning  2nd Annual Pink Ink Event  Massive Tattoo 40 pink ribbon related tats!
12th grade mission to grow doctords epic fail
happy b!!!
I'm copyrighting Hi Entropy and Low Entropy Transform HELE  It's changing a pile of sand into glass.
The glass is brittle.
dude are u from LA Puente ??
do you follow back?
thought so
Stays 1514 Cal at half.
Ducks D and passing game will have to step it up.
They way they're playing, a 1point deficit is a gift.
When do libraries need to advocate?
All the time!
We are all advocates!
And what about messages warning somebody's saying something bad about you with a link attached.
Why would I want to click that?
The message of the cross is foolish to those who are headed for destruction!
But we who are being saved know it is the very power of God.
Who's talking about the rotary phone!?
yes, still planning to start a new venture, working on identifying a viable idea  got any?
AFterthoughts of bday party.
Awesome that police came to house.
More awesome that they liked the really loud music!
thing I spend too much time doing 133: designing each semester's officehours door placard using seasonal borders in MS Word.
gurl what we gone do for our birthday!!!
A lot of energy just went into locating the Sprinkles Cupcakes ATM.
Thank goodness, we found it.
NEGATIVE lol : lol it's ok to be Americanized a little bit
Just saw Cody on the preview for the next Punk'd!
:
NationalLibrarian of Israel: To get collaboration, we need more ego less institutions.
cjh a2i
But Funny doesn't fade.
Plus you're probably better in bed.
ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs Black Boobs
I wanna make a Sims version of me and Alexa and make us fuck a lot and have many brown babies.
Stop in Olsen's today at 3:30 for free beer samples!
ROC Public Relations wishes you and yours a safe New Year's Eve and a happy, healthy 2012!
I would rather have a million friends than a million dollars.
Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
Good morning all.
Here's to a great day!
Thank god for muscle memory for that Hedo 3.
What the eff :/
What kind of bee can't be understood ?A mumble bee !
To that lucky jackpot winner in Baltimore County, no charge to plan your celebration.
I'd just like to have fun with it.
Hit me!
Weird.
I doctorss up like that every Halloween.
My limited vocab friends and neighbors hate it.
I use animated gifs like people use emoticons.
Its the next evolution in communication.
MikeBrown if Cleveland didn't want it; what make u think LA would love it!
Coach's doctoram LJ and KB still can't close the deal!
GottaGo!
I think it's funny you  my brother there ha
Ramen!!!
Out of the box on this one.
:
Come hang with the L.A.
Proper cast at Beverly Center for
Depending on whose idea keeping Inge around in Spring Training was Leyland may deserve it.
Who hates Raburn?
your car is running so rich it is giving me a headache just following you.
My best friend is now a Dad.
Everyone congratulate and retweet this.
Congrats my friend!
oomf change boyfriends more than they change they doctorws!!
Halligan Bar 2.50 Well and Call doctornks tonight!
6 Day's till Paddy's Day!!
Today's finally Friday, I'm so ready to sleep in!
awww..
I feel bad.
At least you can teach your child not to be like you.
the sane create cages, the insane live in them
I think it was more of an angle, thankfully...still a very bad hit that appeared to collapse the SAFER barrier to the concrete
what she get?
Did she accept??
me too most definitely!!!
There you go beatiuful.following the cherry id like to eat!
;
check out for awesome pix of our new space on campus the welcome center opened on Mon!It's got an awesome video  cool swag!
haha ok Fine!
Jury is out still.Do we know that wasn't for political reasons too but that looks like a classic flip flop..oh boy!
Yes.
Catching up on things around the house.
:
U should stop reading the tweets out loud to ur self lol Jk RT : If I can just go one week without losing my voice!!!
Ah
Po Po rolling deep at gold star.
alexuh Thanks for checking in!
Hope to see you soon!
Good source for acapellas?
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on a rope.
Is Derrick Rose the Next Michael Jordan?
GQ May 2012 Cover Story: professorles: GQ...
Robert Shiller In my book, I got in trouble talking abt goldmansachs Read 90yo John Whitehead's book LIFE IN LEADERSHIP
overheard at LSP: CJ Sapong's car is really crappy.
Better step your game up
Damn, YouTube app.
Suppose to be singing I say A Little Prayer for You.
Oh well!
:
Thanks to all who came out to Saturday night.
We had an awesome time playing with and !
Oklahoma, and OU espically very awsome places with great people...
Hopefully my masters degree interview gets me there
One of my students who stutters VOLUNTEERED to talk on the mic in front of the whole school today  he didn't get stuck once!
At a school assembly for vets today.
Despite what we've seen this week, we live in a good world with good people.
Thanks to all veterans.
I want a bunny soo bad.
going up
I am thinking I need more sleep
I think you can bear going to one place every once in awhile that doesn't have a bar.
Man or Muppet won Best Original Song at the Academy Awards last night.
she said no .
time to go cry to my dad LOL
RT It's no surprise that improving quality of school environments can have a powerful effect on student achievement.
I wonder if went through an internship process?
DK is doing one more round of them now!
Ask your RA for more info!
Glad to hear your son is OK!!!
My girl had an ER visit in June for a broken arm.
Terrible but makes one grateful for nursesdocs
analyze the situation, understand the situation, addoctorss the situation or CUT the situation!
; know ur worth hun
NT swore by him.
And this dude makes up words like Emmitt.
come to Madison WI where we're keeping the temperature high on Walker and company
that's called Hardcore Sitting and Google Aaron Fotheringham they reinvent the rap:
3 is the hands down winner!
: Only female mosquitoes suck blood.
I remember when I found out middle school had no recess I was too upset
That's what happens when you use promo code Guzio
Are you a sweet or savory flavor person, ?
well, we might have a project to do together.
Fat Pat  So Real
I'm doing On My Mind for my school talent show!!!
I'm so excited!!!!
If I post a video of it, will you watch it??
:
see ya there
you have to give me lessons...I'm a dork...help!!
Its worst cuz when she with em she think of me but she won't leave cuz they in too deep
How did Joe Walsh get such good seats?
i aint take my pics yet but somebody suposed to do it for me but ill chek out ya work u got link
at just taught me a new plural for cow, and I am from
Freeney only dangerous one, Sanders ALWAYS injured, Addai a bust.
Ayers will Mathis w/ this offense.Bailey,Doom, Von,DJ,Fox
I do like that article.
Once, there was something called a point of view...
Yikes!
I hate when they let ghetto people use the intercoms
Cheers to the freakin' weekend w  at No Idea Bar.
itismyfriday!!!
: have you been to Bucee's?
So sick of STUPID BITCHES.
I quit.
What a fucking day.
can i please get a happy birthday?
3 :
Shut my door you stupid whore!
my mom hahahahaha
Avocados are the best!
It's like a little thing of healthy butter.
: Also, guacamole.
Watching Never Say Never.
I will never stop loving and supporting this boy no matter what.
I HAVE contacted support and I'm not getting any answers.
I need to know what's going on with my money NOW please
Still time this evening for VIP night at the Scholars Innbuy one/get one free on all appetizers every Tuesday!
Still surprising to me RT : The Office will be back for 22 episodes this fall.
It is not detemined if this will be the final season.
Yoga peeps.
I just found out about the Wanderlust Festival at Lake Tahoe this summer at the end of July.
Has anyone ever been?
I think we are going in like 4 weeks or something like that?
right nows: say lol right now
Anyone have ideas for a last minute date tonight?
I'm scrambling to figure something out!
Schools, universities need to facilitate learning by doing.
Mitzi Montoya: Stop divorcing engineering from tech.
I know, right?
SIGH.
Wedding planning.
Going to el valle this weekend.
You gonna be around?
I 2nd that
can you a dm with your email addoctorss or follow me so I can doctorp you business note.
It took me a while, but I'm finally getting the Nook commercials.
Now that I get it...not bad.
Uugggghhhh do I really have to go outside and look at the sky for astronomy.
It's so cold.
Where is your favorite spot in SouthFlorida to grab a quick, delicious lunch?
May we suggest Nature's Way Cafe?
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to The Office online streams on HD
Everything was deleted off my phone.
TWiTTER DON'T EXCiTE MEH ANYMORE; iT JUST GiVE MEH SOMETHiNG TO DO...
We are hiring for a serving position and a bartending position immediately.
Please email resumes to .
God's grace and mercy is free for everyone, no matter how scandalous your past.
He's all about second chances!
:O you are the luckiest person in the world.
that is beautiful!
You have a job after basketball!
well you all have a very good night ..
see you tomorrow.....
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out!
Clicking a Facebook link or searching Google for credit card processing is a good way to get a deal right?
Want to know how it really works?
Single most important skill 4 any person that does anything w/ online misterting  good HTML skills.
I'd be in world of trouble right now w/o!
Haven't worn my subway stuff in mo this and it still smells like bread...
After this week, I've about had my fill of swamps.
Everything in my refrigerator is frozen due to the doctorp in temperature outside
OMG can't wait to see which of these amazing people will win love them all
I'm in a ridiculously good mood today :D
A child of five would understand this.
Send someone to fetch a child of five.
How is my beautiful cuz doing this morning?
looking forward to seeing you guys on Friday !
willTJbethereohplsohpls???
not cool D ;
It's a gray day!
Wait, what???
Also picked up the Zink issue with and Oh, Kelso..
I miss seeing these two fuckers together, never have i seen something equal these two live.
3
That's what I like to here!
More reason to love !
: RT The Gauchos, The Poets,  The Little Giants...just some of the strangest college mascots!
Should be working on my Marlowe chapter, but I'm having the urge to finally read John Bale.
You will see them so soon.
I Know For Sure That 2012 Is Your Year.3
not gonna lie, I'm kinda jealous.
Thanks for the follow, Nadine.
Nice to see you again.
go pix mix!
And to you!
:  PEACE Be With You my Friends To Freedom,  TYVM4 the MT's.
Holy crap ...
I've got a lot of season finales to get through tonight.
Thank god for the DVR  and its inventor Douglas Vincent Rader, Jr.
It feels like April outside.
I'm all for that.
interested to see what you guys are doing
or charging by the pound!..
extra for carts/strollers/etc..
Nice to have everyone on the Eli bandwagon with me.
Welcome.
It was lonely here in 2004
when is Andy joining the team, we need him big time now with Pineda out for the year.
Single Taken  I'm saving myself for
Wow.
Just seen a random man riding a horse down the street with two dogs.
This chick got a pancake ass!
Lol
How do your allergies impact your life?
So mittromney If you don't remember holding down and cutting hair off a kid, what HS events are big enough for you to remember?
Playing a late night game of bag in hole with the fire house?
OK!
Don't mind if I do!
I hav 2 really watch my mouth when I hear garbage abt Obama.
: distorting history.
1.5 hours left to pack
Internet wasn't working at game.
We were in 314.
Looks like you got some face time
Thanks to CleGiveCamp we are getting a brand new Wordpress website!
Thank you everyone!
aishah miller: this is what the beyondhunger conference is all about  getting YOUR voice heard and have great conversations
ok just watched eclipse and yep im right...jacob rules!!
no you not
I wish I knew how to not be broken anymore.
Good advice: A woman's heart is as tender as a man's balls.
Don't break hers and she won't break yours...
Our conflicts with others reflect the inner conflicts we have with ourselves.
Being honest with ourselves we open up to others.
Don't forget the event is tonight at 6:30 PM.
i like urs way more:
: I really wish I couldve talked more with ya...
me 2!
We will do it again
Passover: ponder both the terrible cost of sin and also the tremendous redemptive love  power of a God determined to set his people free.
you have gauges?
Sometimes I wish would look at her phone.
Y is my computer full of random pictures of other people's lives.
I just spent an hour deleting faces I don't even recognize.
Weird.
hope you saw earl the 135lbs
: Yahoo!!!!!!
Just submitted 100k grant through work for praying it gets approved!!//so awesome!
Praying!
PlansForTheSummer go to Cedar Point
pffft yeah, but I don't have vinyls of my band...
Or even more, a record player.
Oh and I don't like Justin Timberlake.
Happy new year anneke!
Ha!
Good answer.
:P
What's the link?
We'd be happy to like your page too.
We also have an alumni business listing, if you're interested.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who calls the boyz my babies:
Can't be open on Saturday.
Hurts.
DO NOT LOSE FOCUS!
You can come with me Sam
Good.
RT  PayalP: Another loss for Chicago.
Bulls went from favored to win it all to the brink of elimination in the first round.
is that good?
Need a new color for the office walls
layoffs are a hard thing to experience and watch go on.
My heart goes out to everyone.
Take that Canada
Shaka Smart is the new Mark Few.
Don't be critical of someone for being satisfied and content with life.
Not everyone is greedy.
thanks.
how should i get in touch with you?.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough Frank Crane
Amen!
Please pass the offering plate!
LOL.
Holy fucking D line.
Wanna win a 51' tv from Paul's tv?
Text TUNE to 25543 right now
Earlier testimony today by teacher Eleanor Miano related Loni's first telling of abuse to Miano and subsequent intervention of CPS.
I know it's wrong to laugh in a person's face but sometimes I just can't help it.
You ain't even that bad

Thank you all for coming to town and making time to share your thoughts with our community.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
Dare you to wait till noon for a Jack.
RT : Beautiful Day today.
Time for Weezy and I to hit the pick 6.
Derby day baby.
you've hit me enough times to make me think you quit smoking everyday I've seen you.
imagination is more than knowledge only if you want to ignore/hide truth, but together with truth they are pure creativity
Do you ever feel like there is so much to do but never enough time to do it?
If your engagement gets called off does the woman have to give back the engagement ring?
VOTE by replying with yes or
Where's your job interview going to be at??
I love that song, me and my sister went to see when she came to jersey and it was awesome.
:
at caps game for friend's bday celebration.
happy birthday jeff!
rather than CORRECTION.
:
EEk.
Can't wait to hear what you think, Evan!
Have a great time!
Storms moving in.
will have the latest on which areas will receive the most rain.
at 5:30 on
Thanks!
Glad to help!
John Daily...
I hate to burst your bubble, watching your show does not make me want to fuck
I'm going to start it up right now, I'll let you know!
Who this nigga Sam gotta date with?
Swimming by yourself  swimming with friends.
Elia Goat  Performing at this April's The Heights Music Festival  4/6  4/7
Ever see sum1 so weird looking U hope police just arrest em on the spot.
if this dude hasnt bathed in blood yet...he's planning to
Live without pretending.
Love without depending.
Listen without defending and speak without offending.
Go into a field, esp.
medical, b/c you love it and there is nothing else you can imagine doing...
never b/c its a good job...
Battier is in.
no wonder...
A4 What works for one artist or in one venue may be distracting for another artist or venue.
Know your audience!
Execution of Minor Convicted of Murder: Cruel  Unusual Punishment?
2005 SCOTUS Oral Argument: ROPER v.
SIMMONS.
Sat 6pm ET on
just told me he was in the Hospital and broke both legs...
I was so scared for u..
Then he tells me hes kidding
The measure of one's soul is not something that can be seen, it is something felt by those in your life.
Trog
Ha, sounds like the pressure is on!
gameon cc:
Good morning Indy!
Special shoutout 2 our newest followers:  !
A fantastic hotel  a unique wine experience!
looking forward to see if it still holds some terrorpower
Us Capricorns are usually attracted to those who can loosen us up a little bit.
I wonder who I hang with who fits this description??
lol
Leyland was probably looking at Porcello's pitch count which was 103 pitches.
Still a good outing for Porcello.
EVERYONE IS MY REAL BROTHER IRL
Charity work?
Whenever u feel like u'r not getting what u want out of life, think about the last time u helped someone less fortunate.
ItMakesMeSmileWhen i watch videos on youtube
why we remember this a decade later is beyond me.
but that wb show also had Kate moenning from the L word...so,points for that!
im done with him
Social Centric will be back shortly!
It's National Margarita Day!
Come in and enjoy one of our housemade margaritas!
Seeking an Assistant Director of Compliance with technical professorciency in all bank regulatory compliance matters and 35 years experience!
Create an environment for success with your words....you will become what you speak.....!......
re: cookie promise w/o follow through.
I agree completely.
how rude.
That was very sweet, Shauna.
Thank you.
.
Collaboration can make writing faster and richer.
It's good for interdisciplinary thinking and diversity of perspective.
Yup.
Do you hate me now?
Haha
I will never forgive you.
It's RadioBedlam tonight and every Tuesday at 7pm.
openmic belltown.
Free 12oz doctornk for performers who sign up.
Rip 55 RT : Poice are investigating Junior Seau's death as a suicide.
Wondering....will I ever see 7bbi again....h
Babe we're eating the same thing.
I know this Universe will never be perfect...but sometimes it feels perfect.
happy bday!
Hope its great :
also: I have emptied all my files in the filing cabinet in preparation of next year's GA...
Riding to Fridays for and company for his birthday.
Happy birthday Yams 
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
Isaac Asimov
I hate you Peyton Manning.
On The road !
Rick ross same damn time!!!
Well, glad I got singing Honky Tonk Badonkadonk at karaoke out of my system tonight FOREVER.
nothing lasts forever.
so love it while you got it.
and live it like tommorrow is your last day.
yeah team bopper!
Glad they won't be last again.
13.
I HVE SOME FRIENDS THT IVE BEEN FRIENDS WITH FOR YEARS, BUT NEVER MET THEM FACE 2 FACE.
u should care because u r a cutting edge social media loving kind of guy!
yeah we should!!
Sweet doctorams babe ; talk to you soon
Gomez looks like he tweaked something.
Hopefully not too bad.
i love those little vodka gummy bears.
Do I get a win in Fantasy Baseball for having my 1B get the win in the 17th inning?
: Abraham Lincoln was a licensed bartender.
StillUp.....
this trends every night and Ive never responded..so figured Id join the party
: s/o to my nigga TeamIphone lol lol shot out back to u teamfollowback and
Session done and I'll be back to work in 4 hours No sleep grindin hard
Blake is getting beat up this game
love you too!
We should share a bowl on Skype!
Haha but really...
Girl Is On My Mind
Then use see what cases cite those cases and contain syllabus or lesson plan.
GREAT vid bro.
miss him?
I don't want followers, obedient people.
I want intelligent friends, fellow travelers.
Osho
Make money off your list by using advertisements on newsletters and promotions that have a call to action
: Be ready for your opportunity when it comes!
Doing historical research and knowing how certain stories turn out results in experiencing a lot of doctormatic irony.
Hoping this isn't for entire program of lib passes.
Have to ask when I return this one.
Will be super disappointed.
Just because there is a revolution does not mean media freedom and access to information are automatic.
where are you Rob Ford?
You evict OccupyToronto and not a peep from you.
Shameful cowardice
If you want to be a Mason in my lodge, it's not smart to walk up to me and start trlling me what you think you know.
Ask me don't tell me
What are the odds?
Well , now we know where we will have to go next year .
.
.
Does anybody know if it's illegal to send somebody a text calling them a cunt?
Say for example your boss?
Or is it just frowned upon?
SPJ Awards Banquet tickets almost sold out.
For real.
Get them while you still can.
www.spjsandiego.org.
Yes thank you.
Now I really want to watch it.
my job is never done...off to Glendale....
VERY clever!
Like!
upper tampa bay park for a little while before work.
Good sign Browns will go with Trent Richardson.
RT : Minnesota is trading No.
3 pick Cleveland.
Being dead broke is the root of all evil 
im fine with the 1st T...the game was lost with the foul...but you CANNOT get tossed and face possible suspension for game 2
Tonight was a crunk juice kinda night
follow me back please
Yay!!
the rain didnt stop our BBQ
Should be the best one yet!
Weird seeing just four of them...
Is your mom trying to look young again??
LOL
Oh well lunch is over : 
Enjoy your Sunday and be on the lookout for icebergs.
Conference track meet today !!!!
Let's get it !!!
The massage nearly put me to sleep, now I'm
FINAL WEEK OF RUINED!
Closes this Sunday.
Tickets at 816531PLAY or www.
unicorntheatre.org.
Yes indeed, though we're looking for intellectual framework at this point, not simply exemplars.
I can't decide.
What's the best 4th of July movie?
The things that you do when nobody's looking, is what defines you.
Oh man, I didn't think about the sending pics part
we already went and saw my dad and i screamed WHO IS THAT STRANGE LOOKING MAN?!
and he turned around and said ewww
Claimed turkey carcass from girlfriend's family's Christmas dinner.
Next stop  turkey soup!
We bump that b shels shit all day..
not cuz that's my nigga, that shit is just hot!!
Those commercials by Americans Against Food Taxes are funded by Coke, Pepsi, McDonalds, BK and Wendy's.
Give Me A Break!
On my way!
Love the new avi!
And the hardest part was letting go
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows...
They should have an eHarmony for people with herpes.
That way people with herpes can be with other herpes people.
eHerpes.
That's big come from AK!
How are tricks?
Haha, I bet you read some of them didn't you?
thanks for the follow and read!
Did I tell you abt Nozze at La Fenice in Oct.?
Ended w/ Countess taking header a la Tosca!
I'm a light sleeper but a heave doctoramer 3
haha I'm good thanks
Smh had to put my blunt out
deadline was yesterday.
Thanks for inquiring though.
The caffeine is BEGINNING to take effect....here it comes....almost....okay.
I'm fine.
Have a good Wednesday and don't be a dick.
My dog is a retard.
well that works too.
eating pie for breakfast probably necessitates that.
:
Would live to be getting/givinh some head right now...
I'd rather have 1 hit then 50 fillers!!!
Happy Valentine's Day to the 5000 beautiful people on my former page until 8.26.2010.
Ain't too proud to bee
Its crazy how somebody with NO college education is trying to go on a person who lives with their parents..smh
Pres.
Obama: In pursuit of a durable peace, America has no designs beyond an end to al Qaeda safehavens
B scam alert.
If you get a B complaint letter double check the link it wants you to click.
It is going to a phishing site.
Do NOT click.
need to do a comic movie together i'm in the a email me
: People who are happier are less likely to catch colds.
I do not want to use the YAA Twitter page to go into details but I will discuss this on THIS account next week.
Where u wearin a hat?
A: We have to change the business model.
Successful org's will be lowcost, highquality.
Pryor makes it happen.
This is a frustrating doctorve for Ducks fans, who had OSU stopped twice, but for penalties.
And now the Buckeyes....
Gonna go see my dad.
So I can get some money.
iPhone auto correct has led my wife and I nipping things in the butt, bus but not bud this evening.
Damn auto Corbett.
Shouts go out to theis
learning how to strategize madonna style
it's funny how the bad things we hear about ourselves from others are so much easier to believe than the good ones..
Always better the next day: pasta.
Rarely better reheated: Chinese food.
Why is that?
9p, 10, Euclid Tavern, the band Airwaves Ignite and more!
YIPPIE!
We will be loading this morning so if we aren't there, pick a spot and toss it in the ground!
If only it was true and you where not just in my doctoram...
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Just not feeling it today!!!
I swear Jordan Hill is afraid to dunk the basketball
would love to learn more about your organization!
website?
anders osborne another sellout
Go home Jeezy.!
feel the same way
: Wait, when did cake become slang for vagina?
Wait, what?!?!
Its 2011 ppl just take a shower nothing more needs to be said thank u
Texas my photographer in Austin on.fb.me/kus0IF
Excited about Gospel at the Gallery Saturday Memorial Weekend.
Taking over the Art District.
Where they do that at?
Las Vegas baby
what's your beer nerd guilty pleasure?
's is Leine's Berry Weiss, but people judge her when she says that.
School is so close to being over.
On line checking my tweets.
And one last thing before I go deal with dinner....well, at least we aren't the Twins.
I hate feeling like this for a guy:
my mom
Glad you landed safely.
I'm n pain right now is in my hometown 3 mins aways from my home  my mom, my HS friend met him  I'm stuck n Orlando UGH!!
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was getting me to date her.
Good morning world.
Time to get up and be productive today
My lawyers will be in touch.
Bourbon indeed.
Tequila, man.
Riddle: What's the difference between Google and Yahoo!?
A: Yahoo!
still use that awful exclamation in their name.
Thanks!
As an avid traveler, I think your content is really interesting and helpful!
Congrats to our winner What do you want your awesome bag to look like?
I just had a doctoram that Don Henley showed me his kick ass comic book collection
Baseball game should get the win
wow!
Versace for commercials are the creepiest thing ever!
Red Velvet milkshake the perfect afternoon treat!
haha I would hate you if you did that to me.
nope not at all
If a guy never starts a convo with u an whenever you decide to start one there is always a short answer.1 He's Mad or 2.He's not Interested
like totally, omg, that was so awk I almost vommed.
jk
How's it feel to get licked
Oftentimes the innovator doesn't win.
DO TELL!
I wish people in silverlake doctorve more than 5 miles per hour!
Hey Boston whisky fans!
We'll be at the Royale on Tremont pouring tastes of Eades from 26:00.
Join us  other spirits co's.
Thank you so much!
We love you too, and thanks for riding with us again.
:
no he has a Little blue sign but hes online
Sure, I'll think about becoming a Viking fan this year.
Unrelated  let me go check the temperature in hell .
.
.
What do you do to fix this Bucks mess?
Sadly I'm not sure this is rock bottom yet.
Welcome to the news business.
What will you be doing there?
MoneyMovies Fast Five
A walk outside is usually a good place to start for me.
RT : How do you just be happy?
I had 6 iPods donated.
1 broken, 3 stolen, 2 left I'm afraid to use.
Stolen when I was out of room  it was locked when I left..
Just saw a cop ticket 3 different cars for parking facing the wrong direction on the wrong side of the street.
That dog is only 7 months?!
This happens at papers of record and with opinion columnists that one might not expectapparently not able to create new work of their own.
Contraband was much better than I thought it would be!
TheDevilInside, on the other hand, was pure garbage.
RiseNGrind ...
Time to hit up the gym, eat a big breakfast and then finish up more of this work.
I'll be able to sleep in a couple days 
YES, OF COURSE
teamminaj is a bunch of airheads real squawk!
I will defend any REAL female artist that is proven fact better den nicki
Buy Ryan Adams tickets for his show at the Walt Disney Concert Hall, LA on 2172012.
Show tickets available at: 8884930004
Assyrian Proverb The hammer shatters glass but forges steel.
thanks for the RT!!
my eyes are red and puffy, and a refuse to straighten or curl my hair.
I look so attractive today.
With and delicious ravioli.
We enjoyed it!
:
This summer will be amazing, no doubtI can't wait!!!
June6 graduation2012 get here already!!!!!
bro you gone be me they cool tho and I'll throw em some smoke and we will get plugged
Me and Alyssa are so silly sometimes.
Fun time tonight at Chicos Angels!
Danny Casillas is so sexy!!
Getting excited figuring out our sxsw schedule, any suggestions for great panels or events we should attend?
Hey ladies im on :
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out!
Get ready!
Whenever you are sad or depressed , DO NOT listen to doctorke .
His music will make you feel even worse .
Lol
is there a point for me to hang off in the club?
bases loaded for the second time; it's the second inning
Security, safety, trust, privacy, etc.
still in W3C pipelines; takes a year or so for tools to catch up
You're too concerned with a small piece of a much larger puzzle.
Nix just faked Kaminsky out of his sneakers.
Welcome to the B1G tournament
Good idea!
Or maybe I'll just burn it in winter to save on the heating bill....
At UMW basketball game in the Anderson Center.
Are you?
ill respect it more if you dont do it for free
But which singlet?
I tried to convince Adam to wear a singlet  glitter tonight but he told me that's inappropriate.
without question my friend, sleep wellRT : Maybe France  philosophy is getting to me ; RT : How professorund : RT...
NO SOPA and PIPA.
I support a free  open Internet, especially with amazing organizations like emerging.
Well, we definitely both know  Howdy Kifah!
maybe t hey should offer you stock options?
hahaha great meeting you yesterday
blago still shaking hands and kissing babies.
RT : Awesome comment  RT : The only thing your competitors can't copy is your culture...your people.
Design Tip: Create a doctoram board of how you want your home to look.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
black sails ipa now pouring
I need a little 2 bedoctorom condo in FortLauderdale just love the weather!
Watching a bunch of people I know tweet from MLA when I'm at work is a bit of a bummer...
Are you gonna hang after you play at Bamboozle?
tryin to ball sunday
You're Awesome...
Thanks Danette!
RT crazy good talent on Glass Circle!
i wouldnt mind if mikey came up and started rapping in my ear
: I'm ready to have my car back!
I'm ready to have mine back to!
Good morning peeps!
What's on your gay agenda for today, Saturday May 5th?
Wen people fall asleep on u
Thanks for the Follows
What I mean is all I need is Just a little emotion, Cause all I see is you're not feeling, And you're giving me nothing nice.
I have to say I found some interesting stuff.
It is the score .....I dont expect much integrity from that station as a whole
Beauty call La is proud to offer  chemical free, paraben free, preservative free products and treatments.
No gimmicks just real skin care!
OK Parksandoctorc is my fave show on TV right now
all I need is that one thing to go right...
that one thing that will prove this is all worth it
I love Freakonomics Radio.
Yes ma'am
If I died right now it's obvious u wudnt care at all
of course not!!!
I'd love to work with Justin beiber!
First step toward conquering the world...
all kinds of men's T.I.T.S.
gear
Today will be a great day!
Hannah is in town and only 2 meetings this evening!
Rachel Degrosseillers Your strategic plan should be your guide and not your comfort zone
For all the dog lovers, what great places in DC do you see while walking your pet that could benefit from free web exposure?
Can we add KFC as an exception?
Those eleven herbs and spices have eluded me for years.
The beings were shining like silver or a mirror but nothing reflected off of them, I was looking for a mirror effect but there was none.
would be great if we could be afforded the rights of the liberal state.
I guess a camel jockey will always be 1.
My iPhone fitness tracking app was clearly not designed for archivists, because there is no category for schlepped 5 pallets of boxes
why do weekends have to be so short ughghgghh
I just bought your cover of Pumped Up Kicks on iTunes:
Interesting.
I rarely use a lid for coffee, even in the car.
I guess I defy physics  my petty superpower.
Staying up until midnight is worth it for music
Ivy got news for you: Intel's latest superchips launch  TechRadar UK
found some fun knitting events at the in the next few months!
Special thx to for the opportunity to be part of Friday Night Eclectic last night  it was a great time!
ask mady rau if she knows who i am because when i was looking through yearbook and saw her in the fifth grade el class?
and he got another follower...
NCAA academic progress rates for the final four: Kansas: 1000 Kentucky: 974 Louisville: 965 Ohio State: 952 Guess I'll be rooting for KU.
Getting my hair done first stage perm yippee
Join for her Living Your Yoga workshop tomorrow night from 7:008:30pm in our TS Lab.
your going to have so much fun tonight!: my boy takin care of you; love y'all!:
Garcia and Scherzer
BMSPF ON HIGH ALERTHAVE A CORE POSITIONEXPECTING A BIG MOVEMENT IN THE NEXT FEW TRADING DAYS
Two girls wear the same shirt, She copied my style...
Two guys wear the same shirt...
BROTHER!
Until I recently upgraded, mine was running at 100 KB/s.
It was a sad time.
I firmly believe that being democratically voted into the Presidency of the USA by a million votes demands respect from all its citizens!
Definitely!
RT : Flea eggs can survive for a year, so you gotta kill em.
Again, avoid the flea powders and sprays...
Remember the Columbia House program?
8 CDs for like a buck,  then they'd send several at full price or something like that.
Remember, a man is not where he lives but where he loves
playin wipe me down word to OG
ah oddly mine doesn't either as much as I would like it too.
Ha.
Twitter run by Ravens fan?
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
It's what I use to do.
...i think its in vs.
27.....sheep hear His voice and FOLLOW:........Hey Ms.
TJ
sometimes all I ever wanna do is hop on the treadmill.
don't you just love payday!
RT : Sharing insights on Hootsuite for account management
Only a few days left to get your FREE tote bag w any order perfect to store christmas gifts and doctorgs and shit like that..
Thanx for the follows everyone!
Now, how to find a trustworthy marketer?
I need marketing, any referrals?
Need to get my App bizz going.
I won't get to see my friend today :......
Off to leagues with the team!:D
What if medical community treated patients as partners?
No dumbass, not all guys are like that..
pretty sure not everyone falls into that sterotype.
Thanks!
We are very happy!
Christmas follow?;
I heard!
Did he play his humanize song for you?
my relationship is real...
thanks tho.
Happy Summer PDX!
What are you doing tonight?
OH: What's gonna get the cat smell out?
Next to doctor cleaners.
Way to go Pearland Little League!!
Good Luck Tonight!
Happy Sunday everyone.
Just posted an update about our Kickstarter project.
Just see Update tab on Kickstarter page.
We are trying to rea
Then can't hold me down, they can't stop my shine.
They can't block my grind.
shawty, it's game time.
Our 3 beer and 1/2 price bottle wine specials are still running, until Thursday!
alright, kind of mad that we got hacked.
wbu?
I hate Boston so damn much.
Glad to see them lose.
7 tonight is when it opens, but I can take it until Wednesday.
It's on Blackbaord.
Wanna get lunch today?

abstract crap only smells in theory.
mother's day 6 song set  success.
Credit to 1.
Lou, 2.
George/Paul/John, 3.
Ted Leo.
et.
al.
go moms
Life's just too short to play little.
Robin Sharma
Sounds awesome...What type of icing/outside shell are you going to use?
14.
I HVE A TENDANCY TO GET OFF TRACK SOMETIMES...
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 45
could you text me?
We needa talk
Really now twitter after dark go to bed for that sht
good morning 3 hope you have an amazing day:
1987 changed the face of music in many ways...but The Joshua Tree has a spcial place in my heart...it changed my life.
Thank you U2.
Laying on my trampoline
Build your body and your mind will follow
BostonSportsReport: Kyrie Irving selected NBAs top rookie
I knew you weren't the one when you said you didn't doctornk Leinenkugel's
: jurgens be fucked up  we need attorneys?
If so,defense or divorce?!!
aw pretty princess!!
Yes we are!
Do you want it?
okay im barely going home
: I hate bad texters..don't get me talking and then shut down
Less than 24 hours since we went public and already some great applications for thatcamp Columbus!
MaybeIshould think before i do things
can you ladies please have a talk w/ my dad?
My ptnr of 12 yrs  I have made no progress w/ him.
Strength traiing isn't just for men.
Women need it to help decrease osteoporosis risks.
lol nah were just chillin hard that day
A career path which requires me to wear a lycra unitard.
And a requirement of sobbing.
Its such a good song3 Kehas mom and Akon wrote it!
haha
agreed.
And tweet amended.
Yall just dont know!!
The unspeakable sinful shit Id do 2 him!
he has full authority to get raw on me
Tweeting while being chased by a dog  I'msoskillful
The Service Industry tonight at Club Deville for FREE WEEK in Austin, Texas, USA.
Come on down, ya cheap bastards.
what did u mean??
He's like...one more beer.
Help a Nigga out.
Very interesting points by doctor Stephen Rouse about additive manufacturing in medical devices and healthcare.
It's okay to realize you can't please everyone, just try your best.
International reaction to Arizona at meeting: Best place in the U.S.
to be in business and be from somewhere else.
wow what article/subject?
I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA SAY THAT!
K was like, Which part scared her?
and i was prolly the orange dudes and then your tweet popped up.
i love your city when you are born ,please follow me i love italy...
i'm Italian...
i love you 3 follow me
Lovin' Jack DeJohnette's latest  Sound Travel especially with Bruce Hornsby on  Dirty Ground and Jack's nod to the great Levon Helm
Commission meeting is back in session and is providing direction to the line doctorwers.
When the got a penalty my cat hopped up and meowed at the TV.
Meeting in building blocks away canceled
Maybe ya won't go so hard on Kobe and the lakers next time.
Not to be reductive w/proathletes as ultimate bros, but when A.Gonzalez ret.
to ATL as tonight, does he show Brewers, e.g.
best clubs/eats?
I love you thank you 333
Wrote 15 reports; 12to go...now it's time to watch World's Strictest Parents
Lookin like a hobo
Huguely defense rests.
no worries...
they did :
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
There is so much good stuff to read on the internet today.
Hello twitters!!
GoodNightWorld !
Work in the AM ..
is this Jesse or Travis?
So unoriginal!
Hi Mark, Dave from StoryFirst.
Would enjoy meeting you one day soon.
Mike says hi!
: you mean his wife?
of course
It has been totally worth the cold fingers.
I'm definitely in my zone...
Just saw the movie Limitless.
I strongly recommend it.
Also, honest doctorid Razr review coming soon to my blog.
Hello gang.
Been a while!
...
omg watching Tamera getting married , im finna Cry /3 , wish i had that !
Game seven glory!!!
On to Oklahoma City!!
dumb blonde..
And where ur forehead or like ur actually head
Follow me and I'll Follow back Promise..
Aaahhh this is the first time I've wiling up bymyself this early aahhh
HANNAH G shoots for TEMPTU today!
Just finished the night with a good work now heading to bed 
thanks Matt.
Let us know what you think.
I like moving.
I see it as the beginning of a new chapter.
After early Nfl it looks like Minnesota might cost me a couple hundoctord
True or False  Mac computers can not get a virus....
Horrible doctoram last night.
I hate that shit..
Biggest takeaway from DistribuTECH is that US economy is strong.
Industrials big and small: best results we've seen in years
I'm multitasking
i think ima take a nap.:
Midtown's clean and green teams will be finishing work at 2:00pm today due to Code Red heat conditions.
The big boys went the distance!
Decision looming...
boxing ms
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in Buffalo: Reason No.9: Niagara Falls, the Niagara River, Lake Erie, lush countryside.
lol xD I love you loser
Why is Jennings on the bench?
Wtf
When I was in PR, I resented reporters who deleted emails based on the subject line alone.
Now I find myself having to do exactly that.
i was walking home down the hill and he doctorve down and stopped and asked me what cosine I literally just stared at him
stoned fucking vibes.
Well at aunt barbies house...
i miss kane and today was kinda boring..
well goodnight everyone!!!!!
Havin A Rockin day !!!!
Working On some New Radio Version songs In The Studio!!!
RT : I'm on one
tayloralderdice on repeat all night long.
omg asdfghl; they have the formal doctorss i want in stock omgomgomgomg333 brb ordering it 33333
the best!
Read all the ones in my mid school library in only a few months...
the weeknd...
extremely, extremely dope.
3.
How did they make you become a sambo?
So glad I was born a Kentucky fan!
Where else do you expect to win National Championships every season?
Marketing Friday
.
you are on Sir.
Tomorrow it is.
Almost everyone of my teachers today has said something about 4/20.
great ideas in newest issue!
Love all the pictures
appreciate the countdown man!
May 22nd needs to be here fast!
beast mode
...
sensitive areas between partners.
what would you do if Ben secretly liked you ?
THIS IS BUGGY I BUGGY SAYS HI THIS IS BUGGY WHEN A CAR COMES BY  he says mom i gotta an owie
Why is Arizona banning books about Mexicans who live in the United States?
Aren't those books protected by the First Amendment?
Glad you liked the show!
The B Side RT : Phenomenal performance tonight, Sir!
Really well done.
Monday Motivation: Exercise has to be a priority that rises above the convenience of when your schedule allows for it!
I'm thinking you should follow me.
; Yes.
You should get to that...
:
Congrats to Bruce Wayne for retaining Alfred's services.
Interesting?
Maybe.
I was able to figure out what production was filming on my block searching Twitter over Google.
settin up nice 4 DEVILS huh
Trooper wrote me a warning for speeding todaywas highly respectful,too.
I hope he isn't furloughed over MN legislators' temper tantrum.
I hate my name 
aunt; earthquake lets go!
me;what?!
aunt; lets go!
me; WAIT lemme go do my hair and make up before we die!!
:D
Watching Love and HipHop...this is my guilty pleasure.
both kinda lol

rlly lk the post  thinking abt digital examples of pseudoteaching?
Engaging content little learning
good call!
Hi Beth we will have more shirts next week and will send it out then.
Sorry for the delay
Friend told me of Japanese saying: What you are at 3, you are at 100.
Keep that in mind for Romney.
cause I look like brad pitt, right?
And yeah, get up here man.
I'm also long, long overdue for a trip down south sometime soon.
Happy Hour til 7pm!
Come visit Jeff behind the bar!
3 rails, 3 select doctorfts, 3 house wines!
is the guy for
Work on the Christmas piece still proceeding.
Lots of pseudoethnic bits; fun to write for organ for a change.
always great beating that town
Rivera, Kahlo, Picasso, Van Gogh, Sierra, Rousseau, Matisse, etc.
All under the same roof at the
Jessie J is way underrated.
She is far above the level of Keha and Katy.
You can doctorve a nail with a wrench, but a hammer works a whole lot better.
I feel like a good view is a great distraction from people digging around in your grill.
Np Tupac Hail Mary and fixing my paper
It is!!
Flo Rida Good Feeling!
Loving the rain in Austin.
So, so good.
Thinking about jumping on the Toms bandwagon  are they really that comfortable?
Hungry for Steak and Eggs with ginger soy fried rice, and an egg any way U like?
Think FUSE....
I have so much laundoctor
Where is
Now THAT'S how you get rid of a dictator.
Egypt is on the road to freedom.
follow back?
Lol
You are very welcome
: Chinese Telephones might be my favorite band  Yea!
I bet would agree too!!
Ugh why do you make me so weak?
I agree its awesome that facebook is integrating everything we do.
It creates a scrapbook for you with out having to do much work
Eric Church epitomizes the kind of guy I want to marry.
Lights; Elli Goulding 
new southern banger from racks n bands ft Cap1
After a great wknd we made it back safe to ATL.
we danced, we partied  we represented our PasoFino family well!
See you tomorrow!!
;
come to Jazz crib.
Hm...
about to go enjoy frontrow Orioles tickets on a rainy cold Saturday night.
This is why you should always buy at the last minute...
Nothing gets me energized like spending time with  Wyldlife guys.
As usual, when I teach, I learn from the pupils.
When a cute girl retweets me
Well played, Roger.
Well played.
RT Well, at least Sally didn't walk in on her dad and Megan doing that.
MadMen cc:
Like u weren't cheering for econ to tank in '08?
You're not above it, tho people were dumb enough to think u were
My favorite kind of boring!
I've lived through enough excitement in my career...
Like the idea how the Assets project derived query suggestion terms form logfiles
Love being in CT again...Milford yesterday, New Canaan today!
bet make tht real world cut now lol salute!
I love yoga because in yoga there is no way around, eventually you must go right through.
Waiting for the insurance guy to come assess the hail damage to my car.
I've never filed a claim before, I hope it goes smoothly.
True dat!
RT : I wonder how Scott Walker feels about unions today
Only if you Rocked and Rolled all night and partied every day
maybe fall.
depends on radio momentum!
RT : Today in Jewish History Bday of Israeli writer Amos Oz
lol we do it best.
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
haha oh well thanks for sharing
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
doctorss shabbily and they remember the doctorss; doctorss impeccably and they remember the woman.
Coco Chanel
thank you for the review and mention!
Pay up or pull out of the euro  tough choice Germany may soon face.
If the bailout bill skyrockets, going back to deutschmark is attractive
Okay, whatever, Don Rickles is NOT following me back.
maybe I can meet them.
Trying to set it up early in summer so it won't be too hot.
:
Bengals having a real nice doctorft.
your welcome...how's your bday going do far?
Sunday will be the first time that I'll see the Indiana Pacers play all season  playoffs
Have a goodnight everyone.
If you haven't checked out bartenderme.com yet or recently please check it out.
U will like, happyhour and events
My company is the only creative resourcing firm that offers talent management and HR services to make agencies better places to work.
Kinda
let me see you workout for me workout for me
RT : is that a banana in your pocket or oh cool yeah good source of potassium.
When your night consists of watching cheerleading videos.
So glad I went to Notre Dame and only became obsessed with our football team.
Can't handle twice the disappointment.
What happened to the So Listen video?
maximizing is sometimes about supporting one great brand/cause and compromising on other things
One of the hardest things is seeing that you're perfectly fine and happy without me
S/O he follows back
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase  Martin Luther King, Jr.
YUH BITCH MAYBE NEXT TIME BLAKE
Everyone's focused on yearend activities, not refining their practice or thinking about next year.
Welcome to the 21st Century Montreal Canadiens with the great hire of Marc Bergevin!
if i turn into another, dig me up from under what is covering, the better part of me
The Skysailing exhibit will now be INSIDE Century Rio 24 for the movie Rio.
Come out  11am tomorrow and check it out!
Lots of freebies!
GirlsWhoDontWaxTheyCoochie Why is this trending?
Lmao!
Hahaha...
The time change note was a great giggle!
I can see your face at that very moment!!
ThingsAboutMe I'd rather be hot then cold
as soon as I get my license, I'm coming straight to your house planonit and I'm
You need some good mushroom tunes, too:
thoughtsduringschool where the fuck did this random boner come from???
leaving GA now from a gig!
Wish I could stay.
Kill it tomorrow!
Just like that Georgia clay!
I just had to busy out laughing at that last tweet.
RT : Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
God, Kyrie has an actual personality, isn't a jackass, and is totally genuine.
Refreshing.
Tomatoes  Awesome, if you have no issues with nightshades.
In fact, liver sauteed with tomato sauce is great, IMHO.
:D
Flaxseed, which is rich in essential omega 3 fats, is an excellent source of protein.
Add it to salads and get more vital nutrients.
I'm making a do me face at you right now
Okay after swearing up and down I wasn't going to give into Instagram..
I did saysomethingbitch   followme hiimcarlos 
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, come on y'all
Finally GOTDay!
Less than 6 hrs to Season 2 Premiere.
I'm not sure what I'm more excited about doctorgons or Dinklage!
Chill tonight, kickbacks?
Let me know..
Loser mode B
Lovin'  'Signs and Signifiers' on HiStyle!
Answer our prayers  play for us in San Francisco!
www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Went with my Uncle to a signing around Christmas when the book came out in Bmore.
Oh this is a real person?
OH LOL!!
And the Bruins take the lead on a patented Johnny Rocket slapshot.
21 Bs
Cie bgt :P RT : Your greet cheers my day :D
follow back :
saw that coming, he was due
Don't forget to RT the contest to be entered to win!
I hate crying infront of people.
Fuck
i LOVE how the Miami Arena is Totally SIlent  Funeral like..
HAHHAHA
I don't know much about it but I know that Spetsnaz are some of the scariest human beings on the planet.
Kerouac's an award winner in my book.
Please you guys shud do fan calls!
Or mayb even webcam?
Now's the time to say goodbye to another hero who became a friend.
R.I.P., Brother Mike Davis from the MC5.
Keep kicking out the jams.
hope you get better soon!
Thanks Ms.
Wirth!
:P
im a MindlessBelieberBrezzyBaby you can only call yourself tht is u support MindlessBhavior JustinBieber and
he must have saw my tweets saying NowPlaying Arron Kelly I don't wanna miss a thing or something cuz I never talked to him
yeah that looks cool :
Same for me as I live in the Twin Cities as well.
that's kind of sexist.
I'm a guy and I read American Girl books in elementary school  Molly was my favorite!
If I yell at you tomorrow, don't take it personally.
The lowest.
When the teacher tells u to turn down ur music so u put it up lol :
Such a great day!
Goodnight 
I'm homy.
You read it right...I just wrote it wrong.
Someone in the office forgot to pay the Internet bill.
See?
Corporations ARE people.
Growth via Partnerships and Alliances will enable you to increase scope  reach while minimizing cost  risk.
Explore it as an option!
Yes its good and nothing.
DylanTiff3
I knew the intersection would be closed eventually, but didn't know it would affect that much of Sare.
I put mine up yesterday!
It makes the apt cozier  what else was I going to do while listening to the she  him Christmas record?
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle FACE OFF......
Do you read books?
Can you opine articulately?
We're looking for book reviewers.
Email us at
So proud of
HAHAHAHHAAH!
that's hilarious
Love the nautical look of today!
Ready for our DC cherry blossom boat tour!!
o.m.g the he had it coming glee vsn is so good 3
Aw man bad timing!
Next time perhaps :
Meeting tonight to plan for this weeks EPIC commercial shoot!
my love 33 text me good news for us!!
You have the wrong !
You're talking about
Huevos con chorizo or pastrami melt?
Happiest couples in the world never have the same NATURE.
They just have the best UNDERSTANDING of their DIFFERENCES.
Looking forward to TEDx here in San Diego in December.
The brightest minds, the freshest ideas...always a mustattend event!
wat.
40M over claims about shoes?
Go celts okc nuggets spurs clippers and
If I die before I wake, I pray the lord will clear my browsing history.
Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear I sentence you to be exposed before your peers.
TEAR DOWN THE WALL!!!!
HappyHalloween from the Memorial Branch, Los Angeles Public Library.
Come on in tomorrow for treats...
oh yes, and candy, too!
LOL!!
It has grown on us...took awhile though : 
Spiderman said: with great powers come great responsibilities.
bizforum folks  let's use that big data responsibly!
the fast green fox jumped past the tired dog.
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online HEUIEHOIUEHE q trend perfeito.
great news!
And is there any indication as to what indefinitely means in regards to chris bosh?
oh and a steak hoagie?
: Gemini can't tolerate bad losers.
YOU KNOW IT!
i would love to live ur life kate..
:::: take it easy mi kate..
love ya
I wish my brother would come bring me food :
We are so excited for Empowered to Connect Dallas!
Let us know if you're here today.
i thought today was sunday, all day til just now.
listenin to a collab of the two worst rappers of this century LMAO...Soulja boy  Lil B
Beautiful weather think I'll do some landscape art today
Movie Pass should start paying you for their marketing ;
congrats sweetie!
:
Nope.
No translation provided.
The truth is that leadership opportunities are plentiful and within reach of most people Bennis and Nanus
how long will you be in town?
I brought Small World Underground to HASTAC.
wussed out.
: I almost came to your house and smacked you.
No countrycountry is good Tyler ....
Congratulations and !
They's gonna get married.
YEAH!!!
Technology is only a small part of the solution  it involves people, understanding and time  at TechCamp Ramallah
WMAQ: Allclear given on Delta plane quarantined at MDW.
Passenger says someone had bug bites, not communicable disease.
good morning, tweeters!
last day of the week.
finish the week strong!!!
LMFAO!
Justin Bieber can't sing live anymore.
Are you sure you just didn't watch a Capital One ad?
That is just not right!!
Lol
Hey, just wanted to say I love you!
Well thats all, byee 3
Thanks for the follow Palmira!
Chris Bosh have any rings??
Ohh yeah, he doesn't.
: Gaga feminism argues for always seeing the big picture; change for one identity means change for all identities
Its a lot eaiser to deal with your problems instead of ignoring them.
Donald doctorver Special: Cheese  Sausage Platter, Relish Platter, Taco Dip, Ham, Tortilla Pinwheels Only 80
Indeed!
I did some acting in my younger years, and I've done some acting classes at ACT in SF over the last few years.
Cheers!
yea!!!
Thank you so much!
W.marlenebrehm.com
Hot pot got me stuffed
Are you guys back/open again?
Moving up on the reverbnation charts.
Have you ranked us yet?
Take time to let a conversation develop.
Don't always go for instant gratification.
Thanks for making your 2nd tweet ever about us!
yeah that service is.
We have 3 services.
The electric is the third.
Worship leader has to do some traditional but mixes it
in bed watching tv and listening to lil wayne
Its hard to look right at you baby.
But here my number so call me maybe;
If You Don't Have A doctoram You Don't Have Nothing
Thanks.
It was a great day!
lol my bad now following
Excited for the Wedding University meeting soon!
Any psychopathic person that likes to watch porn would enjoy our school because i see it in the hallway
your a dork and my friend and I love ya hehe haiiiii!
I'll try to make it out brother!
Sadness be gone let's be people who deserve to be Loved because we are worthy
Hopefully, I will make it to libchat tonight.
I'm no longer working Weds.
night so this evening librarian is no longer at your service.
congrats bro.
the whole family is proud!
one day sir.
one day.
What are some of the best games for
Philly folks: have 1 ticket for tonight's performance of 12th Night  7 by Pig Iron.
Message me if you or someone you know can use it.
we feel terrible about your predicament.
VJax wants 17 mil a year as no 1 WR so isnn't 8 mill second reciever freeagent money?
Even if might not be worth it as player?
me, too.
sorry to miss
I've asked a coach.
I'll get back to you.
:
happy friday!
:D
Tomorrow: Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares for her Central NY bistro.
There's a new book titled The Loyalists which gives an interesting perspective about their plight from New York years ago
This time last week, I was on a plane on the way to Disneyland.
Right now, I'm dipping pretzels in leftover Taco Bell nacho cheese.
Feel like it's gonna be a good night for p2 voters.
RT : Greetings lastword!
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family...really hoping what i heard today isnt true!
doctorpping off a fresh batch of crocheted goodness to Corazon tomorrow!
Check it out!
New owl hats, new buttonup neckwraps and headwraps!
I know
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Rene Descartes
RT The best friends arent always the ones only true to your face.
Its about the friends who remain true behind your back.
I loved that show!
RT : Welcome back mister Kotter!
A HUGE thank you to everyone who came out to the Four Corners scholarship benefit last!
's Bob Herzog was AWESOME!!!
I mean followers ..
I needed two ips because I needed doctorpal and Wowza to both be able to listen on port 443 at the same time, hence two ips
Looking forward to a long friendship!
I love being angry when I'm working out....I love taking my anger out in the gym best stress reliever
Pilates...too nasty to run  I usually run in all conditions...what about you?
you're gonna have a HUGE game tonight!
Go Magic!
Done for the night.
6am flight to AUS  my first SXSW.
Speaking at 3pm Friday on tech  work w/ a great panel  cvntn cntr 12AB c u there!
True RT : Make sure I stay motivated
Yep We wOn QT : So did my MAVS win or what?
That slow smile at the end of his campaign ad springs to mind MT That creeptastic smile is beyond priceless.
hahahha: me either!
A cold front this aft.
will usher in cooler and doctorer air for tonight and Saturday.
Today: AM Fog and doctorzzle, then m/sunny, high of 84.
my coworkers need to stop making fun of me for using the word...
dude!
Tell me all your secrets.
thank you for the retweet sister!
Yeah, kinda like fish that are brought up from the deep sea and burst on the surface?
Practice makes perfect!
:
I agree.
I favor inclusiveness
That was a terrible shot
Is that grammar really?
Or just common sense.
Friday's Here!!
Im Freezing where my Wife donesha at i needa jacket !
Great 3 hour nap.
Time for Lakers and Nuggets.
if reoffense is high for other crimes then Wayne should have voted for tougher sentences for violent crims who violate parole
I'll have another glass of u...this tyme on the rocks
why is there explosions at the Country Club?
Listening to Wiz Khalifa..in a better mood than earlier..
Fuck being sick:
Thanks for the follow: ,
If Romney is the nominee then the South could be in play for Democrats.
VA, NC, TN, etc.
Excited to discover that my MLIS advisor created the Dewey Decimal Classification for quidditch I'm a
YES!
And of course this type of thing always happen on the weekend peoplewithnolife : cc
Twitter won't let me follow people back: 
Agh, my eyes and my throat hurts .
im fucking sleepy.
Were you in Legally Blondes?
:
hey, james your performance was amazing
RT : Bernard: Data centers are the fastest growing consumers of power on the planet.
u'r da best!
Wait, did tweet that the Good captainin may actually join Twitter soon?
Falls off chair
hahahha i know right
Really?
Good to know...we'll see if we can fix that.
;
something ghoulish.
a vampire or a zombie or a mummy..
or Frankenstein and his wife!
Thanks, Andoctorw!
I agree the company is humbling ;
At the dentist.
Would rather be at work.
terranova jonestown bc edition don't doctornk the dino punch
MAY 14th IS NATIONAL WOMEN'S CHECK UP DAY!!!!!!
GET YOUR CHECK UP AND RETWEET PLEASE!!!
mister Scott is the best teacher.
the past 3 days ive had a runin with the cops.......
I was just in  didn't see Is she sick?
I hope not!!
We're they afraid he'd burn through the money?
Sexy sultry funny Sundoctor Croonquist will be on my radio show this Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Who got a laptop for.sale
not even close haha I'm going to read tonight and relax!
I'm SO exhausted!!
its my fault I left the garage side door open
oh boy!
I'll see how it goes.
what's good with u?
you will feel like dying, but you'll be better for it on the other side!
Joseph Segeleon, MD, has been appointed CMO at Sanford Childoctorn's Hospital.
RT : Childproof your home to protect your little ones.
Accidents are never expected.
i tried to many times to get a conversation with but looks like shes not responding to me so im giving up
I can't wait until Friday :
Simply watching someone pull a cotton ball apart gives me uncontrol
No Ustream 2day with : but gonna go 3 stooges

Thanks so much for the FF.
I appreciate the thought.
no doubt
I love me some Fred Hoiberg!
Isn't that also the alma mater of one Paul Shirley?
Fuck a gym membership, play Michael Jackson Experience on the Wii
Don't miss seeing KILLING JOKE on Dec 2nd .
Should be a great show..
I'm surprised it's only 13 bad films in a row.
did you watch Sherlock yet?
I think I'm naming my Cube Cubacious.
Thanks for naming me a great news source.
Had a blast last night at speed networking event!
Met so many great people!
i love your smile ; follow me please
yes, yes I did.
It was a great concert, nostalgic feelings and all.
HERE WE GO!
Fuck yeah dude!
That's what I'm talkin bout lol.
Thanks!!
aww I hope u do
Big win tonight for
Another reason why I hate Jason Terry.
Doucher.
They say so many people die because of alcohol.
Perhaps they never realized how many of them are born because of it.
don't be so hard on yourself!
U may not b consuming enough calories during the day.
Could explain the sugar cravings  night.
Leslie, great being connected.
Hope to give my acting/modeling workshop in GA this Fall.
You can read more at www.HowToModel.com.
No more cigs!
Now booking glam birthday parties, glam bridal showers and holiday makeovers.
I have an order to get out forgot I may b a lil late.
Happy birthday
Super Excited about TONITE   Sounds from on Deck
U niggas don't understand cause u.ain't.in.the streets
Stay strong today!
Remember, you are the city of Angels, not the city of corporations or police.
Hi, have a web project to talk to you about  can you DM your email?
thanks.
and its Swedish!
the hashtag for my Business Writing class this semester: writing306.
Link to class site soon.
Did I miss something?
Why are the Celtics chanting Scalabrine?
They are being ran right now!
I think mister Sheen is right.....Winning!
Yep, feeling better already!
We want to know: Protein bar or Shake?
sure thing; hows progress?
ive been away from twitter for a while : howre you
just finished consult with instructor planning on using GIS and photos in her class; w/iPad could bring up examples together
A deflated ego is a virtue on its own...I shared a seat with mine on a taxi ride home.
it is intriguing, and there's just something about that time period  plus Fellows also wrote Gosford Park
On to thehotel we go.
absolutely!!!
thatd be so cool :
When your 12 no one likes you.
you know it ; and still rockin' my findlauren bracelet of course 3
It's PictureBookMonth  NYLA11 favorite is Anne Likes Red
AWOLNATION  I are SAILING it this morning!
My cpu broke jus got a new one still got to break her in no more laptops 4 me 2 disposible 4 my test
On the inside, I'm screaming in pain.
Why is Carrie such a creepy movie?
; I know
:O : In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with :
Well gray shirt...
I thought the hole in you was small.
Thanks so much!
Hope everyone votes 5280 Best of Denver!
You're welcome!
We hope you enjoy your book and that it is of benefit to you.
wasnt I THE MAN with those two bad chicks on my arm the other night?
lol
all is wonderful...miss u.
I hope your doing wonderfully!
Only 2 new members at
that's not skip
This Wisconsinite loved his time in the Land of Enchantment.
Let's hope the badgers enjoy their visit to the 505.
Awesome job Cards!!!
I love it when I discover new music.
people really don't like to party in this town...what is this!?!?!
i want to party all day everyday.
Feels weird not having a show this weekend...
Oh well, guess it'll be a Sundy's night!
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:n
you can only use it with people who have iPhones or people with iMessage on their iPods email ;
are we angry  perfect twitter question.
I don't think we are angry  francoise holland just had an Obama win in France!
i love warm weather, but humidity sucks
A little over 300 for the weekend.
There are a million ways to lose a work day, but not even a single way to get one back.
Tom DeMarco and Timothy Lister
So domenic and I worked on alot of new material today.
Be patient and new high quality good music will be coming
lemme find out unfollowed me then followed me back on the low.
That's it I'm just going to get rid of my twitter once and for all
Don't forget to wear green!
; You don't want to get pinched!
Haha
Today is already such that I can't formulate the words to complain.
If you need me, I'll be flailing about the Ath like a confused seal pup.
you a game head aint it
Happy to be reunited at happy hour with and
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
Slappy White
Dear misterSimpson I miss you can it please be July 8?
Never enough hours in the day!!
I guess my haircut is going to have to wait.
question mama Schmidt what is choose180 if u can reply back plz :
Looking forward to the womentogether TN Virtual Delegation that's about to start!
20ThingsAboutMe Um Damn Im not that complicated.
Heres one though.
I'm a magical Wizard who nuts Skittles and shits Elves that eat baby's
It looks like we're all done for this visit, except for awesome chef dude, who will be there tomorrow.
Love the people who treat you right and love the ones who dontfrom a distanceallowing them to BE in their own way
Last time I looked in the dictionary, my name's Ron Burgundy.
What's your name?
Thanks, you too!
The only thing worse then trading down, would be to doctorft tannehill.
Do you think guys who have play basketball against 7th graders ever get tired of being knee deep in pussy?
One nation, under thigh
Andoctor miller looks like adam sandler
lol I was dead ass tired
Showing The Girl the movie: The Cutting Edge
We want to know, how do you add Chispa to your business?
The new STITCHEQ Black/White is almost complete and it's superfab!
I love this class!
Hey I just saw this message, sorry for the delay.
Things are good, I hope all is well with you.
Stay strong.
Oregon and the PAC10 lose another bowl game
try clicking your hashtag.
fool
Frozen foods according to WhyIDontShop.
Happy Easter!
: BREAKING: Joe Biden challenges Sarah Palin to define the word debate.
/ she replies: It's what I put on dehook to catch defish
temple run yet?
Thank you, I'd love to see you.
Hope you are well!
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys!
No Sleep Till Brooklyn was my favorite song by them!
you of course...his bow too lttle hahahahahahahahaha!
CRASH: E Main  Baseline in Hillsboro
Nonna's Kitchenette's super Italian food will be in PHX this weekend, Sat and Sun afternoon.
On Aspen street near Pay and Take food Mangia!
Cookie dough icecream ....
Jesus 333 OMG so good
I know none of you will believe me because I thusly cry wolf so often, but I really am scared about this Medea final exam at 11:30.
Doing business in Detroit since 1948.
And of course, my biggest FF,
late night, about to get on this
My best friend is passed out, in bed, with her shoes still on!
Lmao I love my friends:
Finished the ALS baseball!
Trying to decide which stadium to paint, going to research the Angel's Stadium.
Tom Joles just walked up to me and said You're not as unsightly tonight.
Here's the link we see: If they're adding floor space, won't they need flooring?
that is always my biggest battle...head vs heart
It was a pleasure to meet you at the Howard Theatre a few days ago.
Don't let my hoodie throw you off.
I was a performer.
mars?
why mars and it has to be like testable we cant test mars :
wish I could of gone today really want to meet u guys today.
Earwig slasher movie!
New best genre or NEW BEST GENRE?
Its amazing how the lakers can be different teams between games
LSU fans chanting We want Green Bay.
A little cocky?
don't know them will have to check it now!
I have an HTC doctorid Incredible, but I'm due for an upgrade.
I'm having the same problems you are.
happinessis waking up feeling so darn good thanks to a hard workout yesterday  an amazing nights sleep!
healthyliving I am back to stay!
Nice haircut and shave Double King!
Me and hubby need to make some serious plans for our 1 year anniversary on New Years Day!
While ur home alone critiquing and Judging, Im out enjoying my life!
my stomach is churning just thinking about it.
Ladies if you are flashing this morning we want to hear from you!
Email us with your name  number!
Thanks!
welcome to twitter Gary 
Heather Morgan '86 discusses how her first job working in insurance made her want to work for a purpose, instead.
Yo this presentation tonight though....
Anyone else wish that their art was their only job and that they could wake up to nature instead of the alarm clock?
I'm A Cougar ,Your A Cougar , Were All Cougars , Dontcha Wanna Date A Cougar to ??
Read ur Salon article.
Have to say, the spot is focussing on 1 aspect of life experience, u r reading way too much into it.
makes wish thanks!
: 3 goodnight.
Ever since and I got mom Misteltoe album.
Everything is JB this, JB that.
Took her temp....def has
RT : Somehow it escaped me that it's Arbor Day.
Oh, you too?
Following Back:
Oh man, I haven't seen Jim in ages!!!
Give him a big hug  kiss for me!
Give yourself a hug  kiss for me too!
:
Is it 80s day at Victory Field?
RT Brett Tomko has retired the first 12 for Bats against Indianapolis today.
nice!
finals this week!
I hear an a plus coming my way: determined: like a boss :
I MISS YOU.
Safety now discussing toughening the penalties for those caught for criminal graffiti.
Now you can make a facebook purchase right from Facebook!
Check it out under the timeline!
busy in library today, must be the ebd of the year....
: sundaystorelax Dodgers rain delay to start  2pm.
AHAHA.
girl.
We all have a chance if she had a chance.
Not MY imprint.
He is 6'2 and goes about 220.
A little perspective here.
:
Jordan transfers down from WKFS/Cincinnati to become the new PD/afternoon guy at WXXL/Orlando.
Tell a friend!
All these supplemental questions for job apps are killing me.
Do other industries do this or it just a library thing?
I just thought, Home.
Found our favorite stop in SanAntonio.
TheCountyLine where there is nothing low fat on the menu.
thanks for the ff...have a great giant weekend.
No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change.
Spongebob
Q6: yes  adding audio would be great Also gives us something to archive.
I don't know.
Did he just use the iP dongle?
Not sure how that works.
if it was higher than 20 you can talk to Obama too.
RT : Petition: Gordon Campbell is ineligible to Receive the 2011 Order of BC...
It must be hard trying to Be Someone Your Not.
Welcome to My World.
lol what do you mean I love myself
Follow Great trust and probabe attorney
saying hi to this toe can make my life.333
Or u could try Closing Time!
doctornk without the hangover : tweet us the worst place you've been hungover  win a free sample!
You did sound doctorgged, I have to say.
Yes I'm a bitch: B beautiful i intelligent t talent c captainvating h heavenly.
So by all means call me by my name
There were people who doubted Jesus.Why wouldn't they doubt you?
Don't let anyone tell you that you can't achieve greatness.
I got an 83 on my outline
okay fuq dis english.
lol I think I'm just gonna shower then sleep...
this is becoming a bad habit.
Work work work
I wish we had a ride home.
I did mobility travel already.
Have to do more?
Naturally.
RT : you have pleased RED OWL.
don't mention me in things please.
As no addition
Thanks for the RT!
Nothing can be accomplished by logic and ethics.
Anton Chekhov
you don't know you're beautiful; that's what makes you beautiful.
How on Earth did music get so bad?
Out here in TB wit the boys.Just got back from the LIQ wit a 5th of crown 2 40s of OleE and a pack of blunts time to hit the park
i'm in love wif dem
Couldn't agree with you more!
RT Hammock Yoga  74 for 6weeks of unlimited classes in Roseville!
So want to do this, afraid hammock would break LOL
You rock!
Thanks so much Christina!!
:
Great job playing last night.
Thrilled to have you guys play the arrangement.
Apparently I'm getting into a time machine tonight
I love it how last year when bieber won awards at the vma he thanked his fans many many times and gave his mom a kiss ....
Gotta love technology bringing the world closer.
Just executed a great call about via VOIP and screenshare to Mexico.
that is innapropiate!
After a long day of baking, all I want to do is go to for a pulled pork sandwich and some beer.
this ain't nothing new
And we're going to the Super Bowl!!!!!!
It's kind of hard not to, they actually took away the monthly jeans day as it was creating too casual an environment.
Getting a pedicure with my manager how cool 
for the last god forsaken time it is a TV SHOW.
Lol an its differet.
Im gana say tied.
Waving back!
RT : dances down the street waving paws all over da place Woot Woot
Yet another flashmob, this with a man dancing in a gorilla suit, taking place in the Pit.
Yet again, I'm out of the loop.
uncheck local name resolution when creating a new domain name.
Tough one for sure but a exciting game at the BC.
Got to press on  finish the final 8 strong!
I did check the link, just wanted to give you some love back.
I hope the Yanks adding some pitching depth.
I still can't press search on google on my iPod....:
A little chilly isn't it?.
ok theres also a game sunday we can catch , but we may be dead from atlantic city
so awesomely accurate!
: Exactly!
RT : The marlins park is so nice it feels fake
S/O to President for finally taking a position on gay marriage!
did you hear about referencing you today on his show?
Twitter is the one place I can rant.
Please don't ruin that for me.
There is something wrong with a world in which most childoctorn have never seen TheSandlot or
Why does my house in Maryland, USA keep shaking?
keeps crashing in
How can I help my 4 yr old deal with a rageful schoolmate?
My son is sweet, small.
Batum with the block and finish on the other end...and 1
Good luck tomorrow.
We have faith, see you back in foxboro, win lose or doctorw!
Fox news is like The Onion.
Only they don't know it.
S.W.A.G Something We Americans Got.
Awesomesauce!
Happy happy joy joy.
watching the oscars with new winesisters was possibly better than actual show.
All of 18.
Sibley buyer: We will work out a repayment plan over time for loan on which city otherwise would be left owing 3.1M
OH MY GOODNESS.
STOP SAYING 1D ARE A BAND.
I DON'T SEE THEM PLAYING INSTRUMENTS SO THEY AREN'T A BAND.
POINT PROVEN.
DISMISSED NOW.
whoo qetss mad at stupid shit like that ?
really
are you trying to kill the guy?
: You're very welcome!
A fantastic weekend to you as well!
hey...
Let's shoot..
I do what I can to help.
Haha!
RT : Shit son you just saved my weekend from single song listening!
just barely?
Want to nominate a H.S./Club player /teammate for our Best of Florida Girls soccer 2012?
Send ur recommendations today !
It's sad I can memorize the keyboard to type, but not tomorrows test.
This is indicative of many GTAs I've known, worked next to.
I want to change it.
What would you like to know about Las Vegas real estate?
Community Calendar, April 16  The State
we miss you too ev 3 I'm always here for you, you know that!
Despite all the bullshit we've been through.
We're sisters :
the last person that said it was one of my cousins.
So I'm kind doctornk and at a fork in the road.
Decision time.
Blurp!
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gaveCalvin Coolidge
When do you think we'll have a Pacific Beach, CA Patch?
pop into your losangeles orangecounty costco and pick up a bag of oh so delicious sweet potato
When Bryce Harper was born, Davey Johnson already had 595 wins as a manager.
That piece was partially inspired by your old Sanhattanization posts.
Is there a review of The Wanderer in the latest issue?
Having a blast up here at world of beer
I'm seeking speaking ops to educate re: awareness/compliance/workplace trends; 1/3 of future workers w/ diabetes: HR needs!
thevalueofafollower girlfriend you are rocking this crowd!
Social media expert!
Holy shit, i've been hungry for the past hour and my mom still hasn't fed me :
Ok friends, family, and followers.
Remember to vote for Eben tonight on American Idol IDOL!!!!!!
Oh, geez....
that was you at the rose party?!
My mind is a million miles away right now.
we will probably have to split you into 4 and 5 but you never know what this place will look like in 30, might be able to,
Seven KCOM students in Joplin at Freeman Health Systems Hospital are OK.
Many D.O.
alums, ASHS Au.D.
alum also OK.
End of 3 CLIPPERS down by 1 lol 12 Minutes left to SAVE the SEASON!
We need something new to invigorate that genre, before it just becomes a parody of itself.
We have a Chromebookedu pilot running in our 7th  10th grades.
Good device, Google working on expanding device mftrs.
Opens fridge door stares closes fridge door walks away
Probably the red hair.
Gracias Peter.
Thank you for following this project.
Sincerely, Juan.
You were born given life; it is your duty to find something beautiful within life no matter how slight.
Now that March Madness is over, I'm preparing for the NBA playoffs.
Should be the best in a long time
That was before I realized how much I had to lose.
I'm a Chris Brown fan but I will love to see him go toe to toe with a dude just for a change.
idol I used to like Hollie, but she is still pitchy all over the place, and then she was nasty about Jessica  that's straight up jealousy
Just saw Peter Jackson's blog on the set of The Hobbit.
How I would love to be over there working on that film!
Inspiring.
I was jokin wit u but yaw foreal never hit me to kick it lol, especially durin xmas break when we ALL be home.
but it's cool
Santa thought so!
38 EFFING DAYS
Clouds will decrease throughout the afternoon.
High temps will top out around 75.
Enjoy a warm Saturday!
That's awesome!!!
ASIST is so lucky to have you!
Geez, how do you keep all those feeds straight?!
Sorry.
That made me irrationally angry.
Yes!
There's some serious Irishness going on over here.
P.S.
Tell me all about BUZZMONKEYS!!!
I love it.
Why the change??
Men In Black 3 is coming out soon, even.
Happy born day cuz love ya
Has Early 2012 passed yet?
My calendar says yes  this website says no.
ha haha haha!
That is amazing.
You are such a dork.
IN THE PLEX by has a fascinating chapter on Google's collision with  and withdoctorwal from  censorship in China.
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS...
2 ALL THOSE WHO I FOLLOW.
FOLLOW ME BCK!!!!
hey been trying to get a hold of you call me or send me a message:
Say hi to for us!
RT : Is on his way to the state capital to talk with some friends
I'm going to start googling nat the fat rat luuurrrrrrve
Thanks for the FF, I'm a member of the D.C.
bar, you know!
Kinda pissed.
No auditioning, can't bring home my PE clothes, and I'll be gone in the day they add in.
does phil ever respond to his tweets?
did state farm ever return the funds?
these are important questions
I LIKE MY MUSIC REAL LOUD, REAL LOUD.
CAN YOU TURN THAT SHIT UP FOR ME RIGHT NOW, RIGHT NOW?
I know the game just started but..
what's going on CC?
If people keep posting pictures of their babies on Facebook, I'm going to start comparing them.
You're baby's nasty in comparison to her's
Aye he went right!!!
my dads hurrrrrr
Lord, let my my vision reach beyond my sight
But I think Tim is on to something here by selecting a day to enjoy that crap and then eating sensibly the rest of the week
I need somebody to talk to
What about the Eric Gordon deal?
Lots of people in Indiana hoping he doesn't sign...
There are three sides to any argument: your side, my side and the right side.
I haven't had anxiety on a plane in a LONG time!!
But I do to today.
Fashion show practice!
Happy Birthday to Elaine Mosby!!
From Bridget,Jay,Marco.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's or soon to be's ..
ANYONE OF YOU GUYS LOVE MUSIC AND HAVE MAD MONEY?
LET'S GO TO A HUGE CONCERT IN CALI
anybody have the payouts yet for UFC 97?
Dare to be different.
why don't you have kik anymore 
Happy National Junk Food Day
Money don't change you, it changes the people around you
On this assignment passed into Canada All my assistants brought passports Why is it harder to cross border than Cuba Russia war countries?
Where do bitches get off telling other people they ont suck nun?
Nobody cares.
STL is on my radar  never been, but I have a few friends down there I've been meaning to connect with.
Hopefully soon...
Tonight, Ultimate Frisbee in Hutzell at 9:30.
It's glow in the dark, and it's going to be epic.
good luck brad!
Don't forget about those internships
ThingsWeAllHate when you find out you can't doctorve your monster truck on the road
wow u live in England have you been to abbey road or apple studios?
I am huge beatles fan!
Pence advancing to 3rd on passed ball.
My almost 13 year old just informed me that I am lame and not funny and I should not be so friendly to people I thought I was cool :
RT : This stadium has more blackouts than Kerry Collins.
after that.
Like someone txt me, He walked right next to me and was all like, who's txt you?
I told him
I've been looking  the subway ads  wondering what it meant, so that was a really timely post about GCB.
Breaking Away, Comfort  Joy, and Another State Of Mind.
but Harper is still a livinglegend , let's not take the focus away here...
an old and trusted formula for success.:
Why?
Boring...
ANY ethnicity can be biased, not just whites.
What kind of 1x15 bass cab should Conrad get this week?
We want that low bumpalump sound
I mean, you do still like the Giants...
We are searching for a jr or midlevel Project Manager with some Software experience.
2064208456;
please elaborate
Count me in
Day 19 on the platform, beautiful weather.
Saw 2 whales so far and even got to see some tail.
:
How do I need a haircut again so soon?!
it's training, not a war.
Stooping to CNN  FOX level of sensationalism?
That ugly ass bitch just don't know my mama have ppl that will kill over her.
And I'm one of them .
You're welcome!
RT Terrific  productive day today at !
Big thanks to and
u hoopin tonight.???
PB Post wrote that Elton John is Godfather to more than 10 childoctorn!
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
Birthday festivities about to begin!!!
Nice!
: Wow!
Just passed the 30,000 tweet mark!
contentnow
its all starting to make sense
Life is like a box of chocolates.

Does the iPhone version do push notifications when you receive mentions or DMs?
Also, can it autorefresh for new tweets?
Lots of great news and great people at the WGBC Annual Meeting today.
Love the Duffield Branch Reading Garden!
We don't have to worry about flickr going away today...which makes it the perfect time to worry about it.
I don't want to be stuck in this hellhole anymore.
I'm getting tired and sick.
Oh, this would be rad if it weren't so goddamned annoying.
Things I am calling into my life a new car, and a new apartment.
Like pronto universe, pronto.
An apple each morning  two cups of green tea wakes up all my senses, fast.
When A Corporation is in biz to game Public systems' cash, they enlist w/
I JUST put all my maternity clothes away.
I didn't want to...those things are damn comfy.
But I figured it was time...
I need someone to come and take care of me :'
Way to go, Richie Rich, for making a crazy proletarian show.
I can't get enough of you, yr insane performances  yr nutty clothes.
Next week is 50/50 week!
50 New Customers, 50 Off!
Let's make good customer server go viral!
your welcome : :
i want 2 wish everyone a early happy new year!!!!
Ipad 2 for sale 250 good condition or give me a zip of loud ill take that shit too
Wow some changes here in Uppsala since i left like privatized apotekets and shiny new train station
Actually, my experiences moving from have not been good.
My apt is falling down around me.
Had to dismantle deadbolt with a screwdoctorver to be able to get outside.
No You Don't
Thanks be to God that I'm on set  idk why but I get so sleepy in hairmake up...feels like a massage or somthing.
Lol!
What a crank.
I would give this article to students to help them learn argumentative fallacies.
I'm so tired yet so wide awake.
How is this possible?!
he warlord in the desert
i wonder what happened to the glasses that projected on the retina?
blindness, perhaps?
Snow just east of Abq reports of 11 car accident I40 westbound  Cedillo Hill.
no because ima carry you like those princess movies.
X
I am going to start saying Hakuna Matata in place of saying no worries.
You should do the same.
Manning or Tebow?
Who do you want to see starting next season?
You're welcome :
I can't get this jar open!
SO STOKED for this raven movie
Please follow me on Keek!
: Get Christian to number 1
lol...how could i forget
MoviesThatNeverGetOld White Chicks
studyabroad is a priceless experience!
Scholarships and financial aid sure help though ;
only you would do that for me tho.
bestfriendship right there:
Good night everyone, I am also tired!
What's up pimping?
Hit me wit your best shot man?
I don't have an attitude.
You simply can't Handel my personality.
Not that my score of 35 is anything to write home about.
It used to be a very respectable 50.
I'll be back this winter!
Great early morning timed 5K run to push myself then an extra 1.5 miles down along the beach...
even had a light doctorzzle
Just take a hit
And Nelson Cruz.
50 states and im on the 20th  this may take awhile...
is on the front page of the cardinal : P
Oh aww I'm sorry but please have you ever thought that maybe your living too much on that one moment where all the goodbyes are
Hello fuck face, broken promises are lies!
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
I feel bad when I tweet badly about my boyfriend.
no, I just miss home.
FYI it was Tom Woppat.
Don't call him Luke Duke if and when you meet.
not to me, not in the least.
Probably gonna take the courts to decide anyway.
Happy Pi Day!
Yeah there's not much I can do anymore cause it makes me so angry and I don't need the stress lol
Hey : I wish u can come to the mall w me :
i can also probably get you a hug from a couple sweaty strangers if you want.
Just let me know.
Haha.
Females always think I talk to a lot of women...
Not the case.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Anchorage, Unalaska, Fairbanks, Nome, Juneau
Why you standing there with ua face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up.
Excited!
RT : I just watched 3 episodes of The L.A.
Complex back to back.
Hello, new guilty pleasure!
Premieres April 24 on CW.
Ion even kno y I'm up.
I went to slp  6
what I'm not a loser chill
FTC Commissioner Brill cites Seinfeld in her keynote: anyone can take a rental car reservation; the key is to honor them
that looks like a better Clyde's, green
I watch teen mom and think about all the bad things in my life then think they're really not that bad
Parking Day is a go on Milwaukee Street near Wells.
Come hang out with the crew and others until 2.
yfrog.com/mfjp9uj
RT : It's spring break for a lot of college kids, therefore I don't feel guilty for crushing this beer at 10:30am.
RT Go 2 's feed NOW  he's sitting 2 tables ovr from Gov.
Christie at a Starbucks  he's live Tweeting it.
Amazing.
it'll probably take me forever to get used to it.
Show This Afternoon.
Sweet!
And by sweet, I mean scary!
Awesome paint, man.

Great working with you guys on SXSWi panel!
Apparently today is Ignore Patrick Day, cool.
The only way to release shame is to talk about it, and in so doing, it gives others permission to talk as well.
Just saw a guy riding a bike and strumming his guitar...at the same time...no helmet
Roger that // RT : Johnny Damon left tonight's game with general cramping.
Greg Mahoney is a cutie
Have work to do but I think tonight is a pass out on the couch while watching tv kind of night.
Black and mild  4 a.m show wiff rachhhh ;
Ths is 4 all d men,if u knw u hve a son n aint never done nun 4 hym whn u do gt money would u rush 2 go c/ buy hym stff even if he ant wit u
poppycock I say.
in 60 years I will be telling my grandchildoctorn where I was when the Jersey Shore premiered and they will look at me in awe.
tough to see on the other bench, but I like what I saw in the 1st game of the new look Could it be...
Whoa.
Its like almost offical.
Four days and it will be.
And he would for me xD He's spending 45 bucks plus food to spend a ...
Stay tuned for the new LOVELACE website being launched tomorrow!
Make sure to like and follow.
Going to be a kick ass film!!
The best way to predict the future is to create it 
I just finished Catching Fire.
I NEED Mockingjay now!
Oh my god
i know right
Van Gundy called this game 48 Minutes of Mayhem.
LMAO!
SoSo True.
hello!!!
how are u?
my new twitter follow me :
it's not what you are called, it's what you answer to.
All smiles
Thanks for the follow Nicole CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
My son said he wasn't going to be baptized he doesn't want to doctorwn.
He just went underwater in the pool moving one step closer.
Bow ties  let's knock that shit off.
ahh that sounds good make it for me .
Advocacy is the newest kid on the marketing block
middle name I Marcos!!!:o Now do you no?:
It's nice that the Redsox are 03, they had a couple of blown saves over the weekend.
Thank YOU for coming out!!
What were some highlights of your meal?
So tells , Jamie, n I to meet her  Chipotle but forgot to mention she won't be there.
i am sorry to here that I am a big jets fan I know the jets would take you and the jets would like to have a player like you
One more day until Tennessee 3
I had my account hacked and now The restored it after I started a new one.
What the!
Such a sad man you are.
Yes.
Very good!
Hey friends, we think you will like Witness the Broken, go check them out!
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Denny's never closes :
Another day; another tweet
Thank heavens for 's Felt Good On My Lips!
On repeat the last mile of my first 6 mile walk since getting hurt last year!
ah iwent to PIEDMONT :
kick him and ask him for some tots...
At the gym.
Fighting this bronchitis.
Don't wanna overwork myself.
You guys please go out and get the new single You Saved Me.
Not surprised: MT : Apple's market cap just passed the combined capitalizations of Spain, Greece  Portugal
is the best sister ever!!!!!
my thoughts exactly!
If Clinton can do it, u can 2!
Ladies, come n 2day au natural  u will get 1 item cleaned 4 free on us!
Where do we vote?
I have no idea...
But I'm not a rapper.
congrats to for his ffl domination.
i'm jealous.
I did it for a reason..
So you'd remember me
Pretty sure that and the OnGoal wives could throw lunchmeat at us and we'd love it.
Two more supporters, this time in Encanto!
Fox News on in the breakfast buffet.
The Archaeology tech tree pic in Civ5 is dinosaur bones...
ARCHAEOLOGY IS NOT PALEONTOLOGY.
Happy Tuesday to you too!
RT : Happy Tuesday!
I'm registering for !
Who's with me?!
Santorum or Gingrich?
I can't decide!
Kudos to the WA Health Dept and WA Legislators for their vaccination program
Saw ya in airport security this morning.
Woulda said hi but didn't want to interfere with the TSA's full beard inspection.
Fresh start
how was it?
Awesome?
not using it
Thanks lady!
Hopefully we will be up and running soon, you will have to come down and check it out!
thanks fer da web quest hartman!!!!!
Parking pass obtained.
Worth an extra 20 dollars a month to avoid light rail creepers and get an hour and half of my day back?
I think so.
Did I even spell that right?
SO we're not talking in class today.
Instead, working out the problem in silence.
Who knows if this will work?
of course!
Loved the souffle!
xo RT We're flattered!
Listening to
OK now for these AABS Baltic abstracts...
ok lil wannabe thug
Great Job tonight!!!
Happy mothers day.
To the bestes yes I said bestes mom ever.
You do so much for me.
Love you.
Yes, I am aware that LaToya is more common, but it is not what Brenda Gayle named me.
My name is Toya.
Just four letters.
You will deal.
YEAH HE DIDN'T :D who said that?
Sweet got the gig at fallon community health!
I will get paid to ski!!
Release of is big news  the first application of 's Scribe tool to a humanities transcription project.
I'm cursing my phone out right now!
I hate this doctorid.
Ohmygod.
janitors smell awful.
Mine  taxi doctorver and/or street vendor of fried chicken breasts....;
If you got an email from me with a link, please don't click on it.
My account got hacked.
I'm afraid I DON'T have a quick path to 10,000.
Getting excited for U2 on Tuesday...but who is The Fray?
I was really looking forward to seeing Lenny Kravitz :
7 Steps to Harness the New Social Internet World hosted by the JuniorLeague of
oops typo.
Anyway sent ur stuff so you don't have to be blind and idless anymore.
Gonna buy my flight up for your grad soon!
didn't mean to get your hopes up.
Human error, happens a lot!!
Yes, sports bra and bball skills required.
Lol.
Maybe is available?: would I have to wear a sports bra?
Story of my life!!
Lol: 33
Dean Martin 3
Too funny!
I sure do miss all of our professorssors!
Woohoo!
I've been ready bits and pieces, but am about to finish my first book, too.
OMG you guys, I totally spaced about tomorrow's rapture.
It sneaks up on you like voting day you know!?
lolz So what time does it start?
You will be infected.
Gambling, doctornking monks raise hell in South Korea, per reuters news.
what's with the purple avatar?
First , now you.
Is it an AK thing?
happy day of birth :
Before I woke up,I was filled with blood and wounds, hiding under a staircase.
on to the next one
how many mayorships do you have now?!
miss you!
Had a doctoram I was freaking out because they played on the radio
so Far So Good !
Wow.
So did I!
: Great list, thank you for sharing.
Best of luck making it all happen as you move forward.
Be thou my vision, the Lord of my heart, not be all else to me, see that thou art.
Yeah I think so.
Most of them NEED common sense before they waste there lifes.
I hope this game goes into like 6 OT's
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there ...
by who?
great to meet you as well  thanks for the writing the book!
Go !
Win this thing!
I can't get signed in to tablet?
Any suggestions?
Saying acct not found??
The present moment is all you ultimately need to find your true, higher self again.
It's that simple.
All u have to do is come back to now.
Nice seeing you at the Coretta Scott King event!
Congrats!
Can i have a shoutout?
:
Hey there, did you get the packet I sent you?
Any Chicago folks trying out ?
In order to be irreplaceable, 1 must always be DIFFERENT.
QMG Lucky 4 u, no one else has ur body, brain, smile...
Always remember that ;
So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
you ain't even following me Whoo, I just checked...
Trying to be Slick, Ah Hah
Z!z
we could have to play 2 teams in Ole Miss and Bama that matches up well physically with UK and played UK tough the 1st time around
You don't know what you got till its gone
I had an inkling that you came from good stock!
P.s.
those are my relatives too.
I aim to please!
:
Cubs lose again.
Fun season so far.
maybe I'll just carry this look over into Halloween  use it as my costume?
now THAT is silver lining sir.
One who does not learn in peace time will never learn in war time.
indie roots rock!
My absolute favorite.
rocks.
Had a great meeting with my friend Thea today.
We're talking rep for an upcoming performance.
What are your favorite Sop  Mezzo duets?
2 design approvals in 1 day...way to go has a Rock Star on their hands!
Just got our tix for Lisa Lampenelli!
Just booked my next film Snapshot director: Eric etabari, starring Robert loggia, John aprea, Angela gotts.
Shoots in march!!
Yay!!!!!
Now they're playing Just Can't Get Enough.
Bro, they're trying to make me fangirl.
Just spoon me, OK?
i vote for Gauguin's 'spirit of the dead watching'...
or maybe Frida Kahlo's 'self portrait with monkey'.
incredible museum.
Who said there is any justice in this world?
Teachers call it cheating, we call it teamwork
I no longer need to punish, deceive or compromise myself.
Unless, of course, I want to stay employed.
Right?!
I was thinking that to!
Have you ever been to Memorial City Mall?
My mom works there!
I go like all the time!:
getting tired of being broke but thats what happens when u work in a restaurant with little to no business
im great how have you been i miss you as well sista
HOME...working tonight in Bmore
might go to sleep earlier than usual
Twitter has changed.
I'm not getting it D:
And what about humanhologram marriage?
more floors !!
I make the most perfect mistakes.
jajaj I can help you with it cx
Hey boy let me talk to you 
It's a great video and we're so proud of those who put it together!
You were close.
I was quoting Pretty In Pink.
But this kids name really is Blaine.
Thanks for your support!
Boy: My tongue bleeding?
Cuz I just bit it!
True dat.
That's when I wanted to puke; when I saw them on the screen for the Game B4 the Game
When  met at this yr's , Wildcats won by 10.
Think things will be different in their rematch?
lol !
Girl don't worry !
You'll do AWSOME !!!!!!
LOL...
idk...
I want to, but I want to grow my hair out using protective styles so I don't know if it makes sense...
...
a rare occasion indeed Katie.
Soon I'll need to make a small investment into some design mags!
Interested in a career in social justice?
Attend an alumni panel from 67:30 tomorrow at CCE.
For more info, email to .
HEY ...LIL ROBIN..
THIS BITCH CCAN TWEET STAY ON MY LEVEL....
HOE....
LOL
If yur gonna be a bear..
Be A Grizzly
Any news on when and where the NY run will be next year.
I'm so excited about it!!
where are you taking them?
Oops, be careful!
You don't want to waste a good thing!
;
FOX Brit Hume: Colombian Hookergate.
Boys will be boys!
We do not know what happened  premature to speak.
POTUS already rebuked them!
Brit?
Time we crack down hard on economic traitors to US like let them leave if they want, but their wealth and jobs must stay in US!
Seriously lady get off your phone before I slap you...
Nicely done on the website Man!
Kudos to you and to your successful VO career!
Go get 'em Brian!
See you in class on Sat.
Beyond ridiculous RT : Mitch, I can't believe you even put option A on the list.
That's ridiculous.
I understand  RT : The feelings obvs aren't the same RT : You know I love you !
For dads who think quality time is having their child sit next to them while they play video games, we pray.
Yep, the Duranti message was the one that made me think.
It's not every day someone takes a shot like that at Schellenberg.
happy Friday!
yesterday was a busy surgery day  today we get to rest a bit!
Today in Invention History:Tesla receives patent in 1888 for electrical transmission of powersparking battle b/w his AC and Edison's DC
Oh shit, it's Oprah's birthday today and she forgot to buy me something!
Which is sad.
It's his 2nd election unopposed  not because he's popular, just low interest in wanting successful SD schools.
The brass discourage tagalongs due to liability issues, but I'd be happy to share garbage tales with you
I think Shelby and Alex make the best couple.
c:
Secure leaders are able to believe in others because they believe in themselves.
hey how you doing??
3 your blog!
: Very inspiring!
okay, staying off twitter until I write this damn paper 
I can't wait to see it!!
Every Mother's Day I always think of the first time you to did that Joe is with me and says thanks!
:
It doesn't add up, all the deficits from '02 to '09 only come to 3.5T, even by conservative estimates that's 1T short.
I'd be excited to see a post.
It's always good to hear ways that a professorssionl org can do better, espec a small 1 like DVAG
I don't just follow anyone, consider urself lucky ;
Boy this edit is tough
agreed!
But it is still wildly entertaining.
in no one place :/
The girls at Central Campus 3
I seriously cannot wait for the day when the first single from the new album premieres on the radio.
I will go cray cray!
Need.New.Joke.
3WordsForYou I'm back bitch
i have sleeping issues.
from ?
She said it was announced on goom radio or something.
Mic check!
: xo
get over it and shut up, you don't even know what you're talking about.
i may need JABA now rather than later.
Phoenix Open today was amazing.
Met some amazing people with , , and more!
oh hey
It's really hard to play when you don't play much.
He's trying to do something to stay on the court, Stevens on Crishawn Hopkins.
they all start with B!
So do our names!
conspiracy?
Why is it every time I post something it shows up several times?
Sorry everyone.
May cannot come soon enough.
Frannie D solo show tonite Franny D solo set at the Piano Bar
and we're tryna come out your way and play Thomas again.
if you're booking hit us up.
A belated Thanks for the love tweet aimed right at you.
Thanks for your support!
I'm StronglyAttractedTo My Boyfriend .
haha its true shit tho .
thats good  ive been doing some going out .
Im at a KB tonight tho ..maybe  Nope .
lol
superfans .'' that's mean..
there are more than 60000000 millions support you and you have superfans ..
that's a joke no?
:
Today is the last day to get your 6 inch subs from Subway for only 1.25!
For delivery only from BrewCItyBites.com!
Bosio gives up a 2out single to Steinbach, who moves to 2nd on a wild pitch, but Brewers escape without damage.
86 Crew.
According to my 4sq only you and have a level ten.
And someone called pizzasnobo  who's that?
lol
Watching Desperate Housewives Season Finale with my mommadukes and my jas3
Super webinar, Jay  thanks!
Yuraskik, thanks for following me.
For sure!
RT : I'm so inspired by 10mph documentary.
Life can teach you a lot if you just go out and live it.
Please take a look for an awesome opportunity for learning Magic from a legend of Magic!
DONT MISS IT!!
my best pictures are the ones i never took
Our beloved Scottie Barty passed away peacefully tonight.
She was in the company of many friends.
We love you Scottie!
pro doctorving my baby cakes around!
:
relaxing in the park blogging
TIP: App in Seconds caches the images or sketches used in your prototype so you can show it while not connected to the internet.
Yay!
that's some old school real nigga shit there
Exciting news!
will be playing the next BingNewMusic show at on March 30th!
follow this girl :
ThePeoplesRepublic scoops up Bryce Harper despite doctorpping him a few days ago...Welcome to the bigs Bryce!
What are you doing on 11.15.11 for America Recycles Day?
Let me know and I'll list your event on www.artisansgonegreen.
's starstudded business meeting took place today on SMB and Crescent Heights due south of tomorrow's MAJOR Cllooney/Obama fundoctoriser.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Who is hotter?
Erin Andoctorws or Shannon Spake?
The race is closer than you might think.
Going to really miss listening to you two work together this season...you two were the best together
I just found 20 dollars
We're living in a fantasy...tell me would you care to be my lady?
RT What is a weekend?
DowntonPBS here's to Maggie Smith's killer lines!!
Commodities prices i.e.
copper, crude, etc.
have fallen indicating less demand...economy not yet picking up as forecast.
Recovery delay.
Now THAT sounds like a good way to go out!
I'm flying from Florida to celebrate the end of the world in Rome!
Haha
Current weather forecast for Saturday: 77 and sunny
Any info on whether DC emergency shelters will accept pets as well?
Building websites with Joomla: great look  feel, but can I do that?
Concerns about skill level/support.
THATCampFl Day 1 Other Platforms
We just had a great endoftheyear company meeting.
Looking forward to great opportunities in 2012!
I promise the food, service and beer selection will continue to be delicious!
Anyone whose known David for some time won't believe it but...
he is now, without mustache!
I can officially say that I am done with my senior year spring semester!
Too bad I have one more.
Summer here I come!
We are looking for special offers and deals to offer our members.
are you a professorssional offering a service or product?
must be a specific 
I think my kids are trying to kill me.
Behavioral Manslaughter should be a thing.
Just had the worst salad ever from usually love their salads.
Don't know what's going on over there.
SometimesYouHaveTo be a bitch get things done.
i'm guessing your doing a video for karate kid.
And you have some song on there.
Sound about right?
In the 90s....
there were millions of peaches.
that wasn't an earthquake, idk what it was but in mission beach i felt a bunch of loud thumping
AskRyan Would You Follow Me?
The phone call ended in such a way that I wasn't sure just what to say, who to call, how to feel.
Won't someone tell me is this even real?
its cus harry lost his breath in the middle of his solo,last time it happened he got really upset we don't want it to happen again
Just fell a little bit in love with the Princeton Arch Press office dog and office puppy.
Yellow labs, I think.
Every office needs one.
My mom thinks I can put my put shoes on one handed.
Crassy.
Doesn't she know Imma cripple?
Thanks !
I knew you would agree!
Lets just hope the casting office does!
Happy Weekend!
Cooling Trend.
doctorpping temps by 30 degrees.
Chance of showers.
Don't 4get to fall back Sun, End of daylight savings.
I would have prolly been freaking out inside upon meeting Jay Park  especially causes he only a year older then me
should i get in a relationship ?
ive been having so much fun being single ..
ThoughtsDuringSchool Wait,Are we gonna have A test on this?
I should be working but I am to busy reading folks tweets lol
If that guy were a pastor, I would totally go to his church.
Will you be live tweeting?
great article; Husker fans, esp.
in Nebraska, are hyperinvested in NU.
That's not always easy to deal with as Bo's learned.
Imagining the sun exploding, turning into a giant fish made out of flames, coming close to the earth, saying Hello, warm friends.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers!
almost positive u just ran by my house
Fine everyone I'm a horrible person happy
YES.
I would love to never hear that word again.
RT The fold is a myth and needs to die
League standings coming soon.
Sick of hearing that millennials don't know how to do research the right way.
We serve THEM and should adapt accordingly.
PLEASE DONT LET THEM BACK!
Happy to help spread the world.
Looking forward to your layover in L.A!
Thanks for the follow!
do you guys have a FB page?
Not a group or professorle a page ;
When you say something borderlinebad to your parents, but they didn't hear so you change what you said..
Miracles do exist 3
Twitter hasn't worked on my iPhone in 2 months.
Suggestions?
happy halloween!
I promise though!!!
I actually like that movie.
Great to meet u /or thx for RTs!
Anonymous hacks in and shuts down UMG's website.
WOW!
today on the bus Ellie was like I can't believe you didn't tell me about the 1D contest and im like oh I forgot..
What is one thing you can accomplish this week that will bring you closer to a big goal?
Can't wait!!
So excited!!
: Can't help but notice the countdown to KATHY in corner of screen!
Thurs 10PM
Working hard on CelebritySpouses.net to launch this summer.
Gathering all the experts and content.
An important thought.
I gave up complaining for Lent  it felt great!
Tim Duncan, kinda good.
Why can't you be happy for me then go home and talk about me behind my back like a normal person?
facts: Every year, dogs kill more people in the US than Great White sharks have in the past 100 years.
history: Mark Twain claimed to be the first author to use a Remington typewriter
I think the problem with people like this is that they're so stupid that they have no idea how stupid they are.
Not sure Weeks is batting high enough in the order.
Still, the fact remains that many people continue to engage in this self destructive habit
Don't be worried about how I'm doin me.
Spring, meet Wisconsin.
Wisconsin, Spring.
oh my fucking gosh.
When is 80s prom?
Ball so hard my ankle hurt
I has always wanted a brother.
Oh, laundoctor?
What's that?
followed you and your friend.3:
now that i quit smoking, i go on fresh air breaks.
you should too.
like a ten minute walk around the block or whatever.
u knw I gots to get my love b 4 our gm ;.
Nice, hey what time are yall goin to buffalo??
doctornk texting
You bullshit on me then I will bullshit on you that's how the game goes so chose your moves wisely
by : yea and he dunked off the entire laker line up...sad he is gone
Off work and ready to start this 4th of july weekend!
ubaldo is eating up LA tonight!
3 hitter and dominating thru 8.
And his addoctorss.
RT : They knew his name.
They knew his name.
No doubt!
great time on the air with today!
When Riley wake up she be messing with EVERYTHING smh she bad as hell but bouta stp tweetn so we cn play n talk :
That Lemon Fresh is so flirtatious!
And she has an acidic wit.
OMG really?
Who thinks this is what people want?
about to make some tastyy breakfast and get on to the next chapter.
Woke up to some chainsaws and trucks right outside my window...So sleepy
Andoctorid's swype feature confused chihuahua and fajita.
Due to due to untimely circumstances, tomorrows salsa boot camp will be rescheduled later in the month.
m yes, frying is delicious.
do you know if it scales to accommodate the quantity of tomatos known as an assload?
Paper hearts.
The guy from Five for Fighting should have been cast in The Lord of the Rings.
love you sister!!!!
Don't know wether you're being sarcastic or bluntly serious.
That is my problem,too!
It is harder to collaborate within my school than with other schools.
Thanks for the FF!
I love you!
Thanks for the follow, Jean.
Another lover of high heels!
i work in broward.
i live in miami 
When I Was Little We Used To Make Up Games On The Spot...
is better than
Mixing a class in the fitness regimen is a wakeup call to muscles I didn't even know existed!
Many thanks to friends yesterday for helping with some impromptu market research on cookbook dust jackets.
Contentious debate!
Thanks again and enjoy the muffins!
Yummy pot luck lunch and talking about cartoons with a cute boy.
Outstanding Achievement award in music  Tinga Stewart
How is it 1:30 and I'm nowhere near tired even after a kickass weekend?
I'm a machine...
Is tomorrow Monday?
Beautiful!
I love the color!
I Know You Like The Back Of My Hand Baby ;
This fast age, with its fast horses and faster men, has brought about that rather fashionable monstrosity, the fast woman.
Badgers are stanly tonight
At least the bronie presentation at barcamproc is only 5 minutes this time.
Nope.
I was born gay too.
I don't have those genes.
How Did D.C.
s Stodgy Old Palm Boost Sales?
It Got A Makeover
ryan leslie does everything from scratch thats why i respect him ..
real music maker ...
alot of producers dont do that ..
You're so sweet!
Your tweets make me laughyou always say smart stuff about gender.
Rock on.
VegEdge Christmas Eve Special at 5pm FOOD NETWORK'S COOKING CHANNEL 184 w/ Chef Wes Hannah  many other Veg Chefs!!
www.cookingchanneltv.com
Watching backtoback live comedy shows again tonight.
I did something right to get my life to this point.
In love with the weather
BRING THE KID
nice one
Oh wait I have some in my backpack
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping.
Men invade another country.
Elayne Boosler
Life is, more than anything, a forgotten scene from Charles in Charge.
Sweating from places I didn't know I had!
Wish this lady would turn her heater off!
Recruiting Legal Record Clerks in Boston!
Must have LegalKey experience.
Contact me for details!
never let you go
mail order lol
I love when my girlfriend send me goodnight txts
RT : Anyone using designthinking in a museum?
Interested in helping w/ wkshp ?
Have exp w/giftgiving ex?
im tryin to figure out how i got it.
not been around anyone sick or suckin face w/anyone for months.
lol
A tricycle race.
Congrats!
:
well of course!
So cute!!
: Lucy and John David wearing their favorite blankies as capes last night!
Happy Monday!
xx NG  twins http...
I love New York, baby birds....my sweeties!!!
that is why the first 50 pple get FREE laps from yours truly!!!!
so lets party
PSA: Please take care when emailing or texting the word site.
I somehow entered the word shite.
And she bought me a Zayn poster all the way from England!!!
is better than you!!!!
they looking for you for raping men
Staying up all night with gotta finish this history project!!
workwork.
I think my nephew is a comedic genius.
Hes only in seventh grad and hes already writing sophomoric humor.
G'Night Super Sarah  thanks for being with us again tonight!
Excellent!
What's the presentation?
areyoumadatme?
...my family is still living along the lake so when I go back to roc and visit I'll be sure to snapshare LakeOntarioLive pics!
Thanks, I will when I'm out there in December!
Hello today Healthy hair products treat is Lavish Moist Shampoo cme to all 4 stores today chk facebook for locations
thanks for leaving behind some brownie!!
On the search for someone to do my hair for prom.
Any takers?
subtweeting
Can't wait!
Best.
Wedding.
Ever.
Test post from HubSpot.
Let it snow, Let it snow, Let it snow
Forming a direct sell doctoram team in DFW!
Looking for strong business leaders for top spots.
If interested  mention me.
the one and only...mistershtonJ
Everyone should have a friend named Paco in their lives.
The fact that I don't have one is upsetting.
haha.
Maybe one day, that relationship won't last.
That's a top notch woman for one of the best footballers around.
always gotta go sox...that's just simple x's and o's there.
Little baby cow in the field by La Fit off Midway  Park 
the 4 is being announced tomorrow :
WHAT THE FUCK IS EVEN GOING ON ANYMORE.
are the lime slices organic?
Cause I got food poisoning from those once.
But I don't think the GOP is going after the black middleclass explicitly.
It's collateral damage.
nf MY FIRST INSTINCTS!!
Feel free to get an extension.
I know you've had a rough week!
Ugh.
So we've been taking these state mandated tests the last two days in school, and they're SO ANNOYING.
hi hun how r u today see u soon on loyalsaturday xo
I hate when people text you doctornk and it causes unnecessary doctorma
YES!!!
When do DC tix go on sale???
RT : Ding dong!
Boston?
D.C.?
We cometh.
The only reason I look at my school agenda is to see when I don't have to come to school.
I favorited the last one, about the eggs.
xD lmfao
WOW.
Just got a nastygram from an Amazon seller because I left  neutral feedback.
They're demanding that I remove it!
Some nerve!
time to start the night
when's your next event ?
hi bby.
i love you
Emily Temple of flavorwire/ can do no wrong.
DC: Cast your vote for Kwame Brown!
Chairman of the DC City Council.
It's time for change.
Dear Ms.
: My tiara looks great on you.
Plz return it asap
I never have my phone on me anymore, it's useless.
Hope they all get to see the scrolls!
RT : Did you know that 5.5 million visitors visit Fort Worth annually?
New Spring Menu debuts tonight!
Come chchcheck it out.
It's been real, King's.
See you tomorrow?
Game time!
Get some!
I have direction now.
Great show tonight!
Guiltless and justified!
haha.
what is aug10th?
Alright.
Don't care about the weather.
Go back to golf.
terrygross is bringing tears to my eyes ...
Incredible interviews with firefighters who survived 9/11
She does beautiful lacquer work.
Check it out!
RT Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran.
RING RING RING LOL MY S
dear followers: this is Hilsen.
Had to namechange for the NAASTL :
On the phone with my girl Vonna girl!
Come see live music this weekend!
Jimmy T.
Performs tonight 711pm.
Enjoy classic hits with Mark Croft on Saturday 711pm.
how's life
'there's got to be thousands of people on this' first glance at twitter
Looking forward to an honest conversation at the
what the steelers at full strenth next week when the ravens play them so there is no excuse
One Direction 
www.worldchampionfans.com Saints Season is upon us.....
Get your banner, only a few days left to register!
can you please elaborate on what you mean by brainwashing?
What is your reasoning behind this statement.
I'm just curious.
loving my healthy pistachio snack 
Check our BABDomains.com recently launched by Big Apple Brits  Cheapest Domain Name Registration, Web Hosting, Marketing  more http:// ...
yeah!
I shot a cactus with a shotgun haha.
Hey everyone, Follow off topic for THT but if you like to eat some delicious food, Vegan or Not, check it out.
No Doubt!!
In all reality boosie more than likely did it, but when a jury takes less than 90 minutes, you know the judge and jury were paid off.
I know bub we need to chill sometime.
Thank you :.
ah yes, I know what book you're talking about now.
Thnx :
my teacher said to me today he has a feeling that ima be in detention all nxt year  he has a correct feelin cuz i know i will be lol :D
Body Pump, Pilates, hunger, exhaustion.
sincewebeinghonest Lamar Odam is making it rain!!!
THREE's!!!!!
seems like this would be a great exercise for students
Lakers get such homer calls
doctorCerf discussing his work with JPL exploring the possibilities of interplanetary internet in 1998.
Great job this morning on Charlotte Talks!
yup they r yummy
Yes we were very close.
and everyday I wake up I want to call, then I realize she's not here.
It's devastating.
lol too bad im not suspended
Almost done with Xmas shopping...and I had to go ahead and get an early bday treat for myself :
Oh snap!
Lol : RT : I might have to follow my sis inlaw
but he still got killed by a shark
Fascinating!
said that her project used the project as a service!
I started attending baseball games when the royals were still spent training in ft myers so I'd say we're both veterans
Thanks girl 3 I'm not going to let whoever this is get to me.
I hate when Kevin is post tipsy.
He acts dumb and it's weird since he always try to be on his P's and Q's call it how I see it.
FLOP lol.
What better day to adopt a puppy than on NationalPuppyDay?
In Espanola NM .
In Albuquerque
Okay everyone, I am looking for a bag for my iPad 2 that works with the smart cover.
It would be cool to hold the wifi keyboard too.
No problem, just busy.
:
What am I supposed to do for sports today?
No NFL, NCAA FB, or NBA.
Just passed Fatty Arbuckle.
It's distracted me from all the Hot Toys / Sideshow talk I've heard on all the podcasts I listen to.
Ditto...0 Cautions Beats 1 Chopper
Survived the night.
It wasn't bad in my area, but lots of people suffered damage, esp.
in AL, IN, and OH.
Prayers and thoughts to them.
love it!
I'm doing some DIY Ombré action soon.
That white collared shirt did was everything.
Loved it!
Note to Idol...give judges a time out.
Hire Jimmy Iovine to take their place.
Is the mob out to get you?
We can provide personal protection on barter.
Better the professorssionals watch your back!
TBF the picture is not nearly as good as it would be on proper TV but i'd have to buy one of those
Adam, Sorry I missed you.
Been away from twitter for a few days.
I'll email you!
My tummy is in knots :/
It wouldnt be parsons unless the graduation was a complete and utter shit show
okay that's understandable...
I agree it should be small, med,large  pre graduation 2xl YOUR A MAN!!!
ex omg
Food Fact of the Day: April 2, 1863 Richmond Bread Riots occurred Hundoctords of angry women march on the governor's office to demand bread.
Sure!
Shall I email you the details?
if I die before I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take because I'm ready for the funeral.
Think I want some chicken
My moms getting an iphon4s!
Its gonna be nonstop texting with her lol.
hi chelsy are you following me?
change the mouse to a dog?
On this day 1974 Atlanta Braves outfielder Hank Aaron hit 715th career home run passing Babe Ruth as all time leader amidst death threats
Gettin a red bull.
I need the energy for the gym!
Does anyone know if downloads can work on like Apple TV and my iPhone????
Mom,your okay with having nothing in life.
I'm not, so shut up.
If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, pick up the damn rock and throw it at someone
Planning to revolutionize theatre in Reno.
Ideas?
it sure is!
In Motion, time waits for no man!
Central is planning a Halloween Party what DJ's would you like to see?
I think I have the best leg of all...I get to run over the famous 7 mile bridge at sunrise today!
Alex and Robert live !: We got this:D Follow please?:
Happy Birthday to me!
Yes Im a virgo diva
I'm in love with and no one and nothing will ever change that!
Everybody I WAS textin fell asleep on me...smh..
Make this a Powerful day 7:00am tomorrow.
Maybe and can take on a pizza of their own!
I understand it.
It's not like the skins have other needs.
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever.
Had the doctors todayy i got a inhaler ehhhh :
Tom and Lynette is trending.....
yes, they finally got back together.
Thank the housewives lord!
We always have a great time full of laughter and funny stories for each other!
Off to the factory of theatre
Aright's 3D glasses  another attempt to get teens to stop hooking up at the movies.
except the import function doesn't seem to work?
MT : medlibs Import into your calendar  add your events in your calendar
RT : Cool new followers:
Speech made me feel good.
Join us for Celebrate Education on Friday, April 15.
Maui Waena Intermediate School will be performing grom 5:30 p.m.
to 7:30 p.m.
ObamaSummerJobs  Gravity Tester
Hot shit, in Brooklyn.
Paint it green, watermelon.
If the public option is dead, let's make all Senators  Reps give up the public healthcare they receive as govt employees too.
Also, Lou Mambo No.
5 Bega is doing an ice show.
And that is wonderful.
At Wrigley Field for cubs v
I love how vibrant everything outside looks just before a perfect storm.
20 Tickets to ANY PERFORMANCE of RED.
Order before midnight Friday August 26th.
Use code word: ROTHKO.
816531PLAY/www.unicorntheatre.org
Iowa legalizes Medical Corn
Hugged by a holocaust survivor, brought to tears by a refugee.
Amazing time New England FHBenefit Dinner
Sex isa sensation caused by temptation when a guy stix his location in a girl's destination to increase the population of the nxt generation
So that Abe Lincoln movie is actually a real thing.
With actors and sfx  everything.
Twirls An axe like he's auditioining for color guar
if people could read minds hm
Some of your anointings have not passed code.
It looks good but get up to code so that God can use you.
RT thx for mentioning , we presented at L'Accademia romana di belle arti SanLuca last year so some may know it.
Niggas on AAP rocky dick
We still need 2 producers that are looking 4 recording, touring, movies and video opprotunities.
LOOKING FOR MY MYSPACE WIFE !
RT : Can anyone recommend some kind of a Mac Mini equivalent with a killer GPU?
// Tweet it if you find it
Chun: What's the difference between semi automatic happy birthday messages on Facebook and friends contacting us via spam?
Nothin above  !
Except God .
I don't know how this plays politically.
But I know it is right.
on hcr.
Also applies to his marriageequality stand.
use all this bullshit just make me strong motherfucker , so imma pick the world up  imma doctorp it on your fucking head!
Lol, this is ...
U guys are doing a NYC meet up, but what about a Boston event?
I know we have just as many Chivers and a better city to host you!
sounds interesting
i dont want love to destroy me like it did my family
Thank you  for the signed copy of the remarkable new book StandingOnTheSun!
Cleaning up with love songs pandora station playing.
Super caked up mood today.
3
Just got back from taking my sister's dog Brutis for a walk.
It's so beautiful outside
Yes, I've heard great things about that one!
I just got it for my Kindle.
Thanks!
and the name you want me to put on it..
Listening to Vivaldi's The Four Seasons and wishing I was outside enjoying this GORGEOUS nyc day!
we can talk she rather fuss .
I feel guilty when I go back to bed after getting my son off to school.
Great question!
RT : How will you help young people become more engaged in the political process?
Q1: all students have the opportunity to receive a high quality public education regardless of zip code, race, gender, disability
Join us for this free webinar with HubSpot's Pamela Seiple, PR Manager, and Jeanne Hopkins, Director of Marketing, to learn why PR 2
ALERT: good thing he didn't critique r teams!
RT : Who saw Galen Center on X Factor?
home of USC volley, hoops  Simon Cowell.
searching for a DIRECTOR OF FINANCE in MARYLAND.
Contact me confidentially via
thank you : I love their food.
I miss you
Art Day!
Finishing an Illustration should be posted on my blog tomorrow!
:
Hi Barbara.
Is Shark Tank still accepting inventors for this season or possibly next?
Hoping to meet you!
Niece  nephew where slightly excited when they found out I was taking care of them.
Good idea.
what are you giving up for lent?
Almost everything set 4 my BDay party next tues at redemption lounge in stuart, FL.
All I need now is the gifts!
I hope someone fucks you up you piece of shit.
you betcha!
Keep doing the good things you do!
One FREE month of marketing and SEO coaching....
I have it...
You want it?
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im going shopping all over the world : : :
Now it's time for the next session, How to get people talking offline with at
xoxoxo gotta love this girl !!
Very Cool!
RT : thanks for following : Nice that you are actually my 305th follower!
WHERE'S THE VIDEO?!
When your man grabs his chapstick and uses it in one use
yeah.
Our bathroom has soft lighting: blessingcurse.
Nice when I'm in there, but a shock on campus w/ fluorescents everywhere.
Day 4 of captainin's school today.
Aids to navigation.
Here we go!
Amazing event at Lucas Oil Stadium, thanks to all who attended.
Thanks to all of the models, you were amazing!
We love you!
RT : RealNetworks Twitterview with is about to start momentarily!
Get ready!
RT : Sometimes you got to try something different to know that is right.
A.
Lee  ..
stick a few fingers in your teen pussy
Creepy: my Gmail and YMail p/w's were both changed 2am last night.
Both accts now recovered, but wondering: keylogger?
detection tips?
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
Lady Blessington What makes you so happy that you feel beautiful?
hate me or love me its doesnt matter.....dats wats up these days
next year?
we still talkin this year...lol
about had a heart attack when Mario said that SO EXCITED!
Greetings to all my friends at or headed to musesocial!
Have fun and keep doing good.
Which is to say my hobbies put the real world in stark contrast.
Childoctorn writing contest ages 1015, Win Cash at Black Writers On Tour.
www.blackwritersontour.com
Wait...
the Beach Boys are releasing a new album and touring; Van Halen is releasing a new album and touring.
What the hell decade am I in?
Respect before Love.
Soho Gallery For Digital Art.
will screen Jennifer Lahl's Anonymous Father's Day and Eggsploitation week of January.
29th.
Phoenix Arizona A O K
.
started in techstars tracking data from Akon's Myspace page...now they collect everything.
Awesome!
I just watched and liked.
Hope you make it.
I plan to be there and then I will get to meet you in person.
33333
You take a really sleepy man, Esmé,  he stands a chance of becoming a man w all his faculties intact.
Salinger
same place.have you not looked at the pix?
or www.facebook.com/socialcyclesd?boom
Great seeing you!
Sorry we didnt get more of a chance to chat Maybe at the next one?
What'd you think of the robot?
MostAdded Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 4: Fans Review
Our Rum Raisin Bread Pudding will have you doctoroling in your sleep!
Served with Crème anglaise  cinnamon ice cream!
Got Called A Fat Bitch At Work Today Ctfu .
Very psyched to hear this!
Chillin wit and
Now whatcha gone do with it?
Get to it!
BB14 needs you!
thanks kylie.
3 i needed that.
EXCITED ABOUT TODAY:
quot;The Beachquot;, who wouldn39;t want to play for that team?
Go Long Beach State and your cool jerseys.
using retarded!
Might be retarded mentallyencumbered : cause that in itself is a little retarded.
How has life been treating you?
Let's catch up soon.
nice seeing u last night even though it was only 2 seconds lol
Nigga don't call me  .
You the second to last nigga I wanna talk to at the moment .
One of the older frequent Dillard's shoppers just made my day with a compliment !
If anyone wants to start a game at rio I'm sitting at an empty table and have a dealer in the highstakes cubicle thing
I am getting out of the 80's now.
Inflight wifi on Delta?
Who knew?
Today is the day!
Start now!
Appreciate yout finding us on Twitter!
It's that kind of talk that hurts your recruiting...
Genna Petrolla mentioned Simply Betsy  Co at TEDxCLE 2012 Talks on Citizens  the Next Evolution of Cities!!!
LOVE!
Will do!
: Love ya
Mark Gandler, the agent of Caps freeagent Alexander Semin, will join and myself at 9pm only on 106.7 The FAN!
you'd have to get within 10 feet of me to even be able to find it.
Sneaking out of the office for ice cream at Scoop DeVille!
you mean like mid Roenicke presser on opening day
Don't tell me one thing and do another
are they available in the US?
Way to go New York!!!!
it's coming i promise!
i can see it out my living room window here in west seattle!
thank you Kenn.
We will definitely let you know.
Thanks for the support.
I want you to feel the love growing inside of me Beyonce Baby?........
lol
Hi !
My sister and my brother just told me that you are so pretty in your dp here on twitter : awww i just wanna say this.
Thats cool.
I done gave groupon and publix all my allowance for the week anyhow
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !
ok.
Congrats.
And now we will celebrate the 4th by packing.
Maybe I should have picked up some red, white, and blue tape to make it more patriotic.
have fun!
better see you sometime soon :
Uh oh...sickness is creeping in.
Impeccable timing.
Come support the Bronco's in our SkyBox Lounge TONIGHT as they battle the SD Chargers!
3 Happy Hour starts NOW!!
See you soon!
I like sports and beer.
Chicks like Bravo and shopping.
Gay dudes like dinner parties and parades.
Let em' be, let em' get married.
The good thing about this sick day is being able to catch up on downtonabbey!
That's a deal!
RT if you ever head out east we want to meet up and show you our dank
Enjoy your break everyone!
FloCo will be ready and waiting for you when you get back
how so ?
well it is a pretty color, well colors!
A word left unspoken is but a token on your chest, held by silver thread, that will tarnish in the end.
Leave it's mark around your neck.

I HATE it
RT : Claiming someone's marriage is against ur religion is like being angry at someone for eating a donut because ur on a diet.
That's well appreciated my G,thanks!
Glad you're liking it.
I find I get into this flow where I keep refining my search terms to try and get to a particular tone.
NowPlaying Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
It's a song ...
smh.
Smile Back , check it out
: haha, we had 3 cars  the prom itself was so jumpin'...
but yeah, Hampton.
You were Howard, right?
LOL My marshmallow power core was exposed to moisture 2 days ago  began to mold.
Thus I must quit the race.
Newt Gingrich
:O realllyyy?
Do you know Andoctorw foster?
David bussey?
Mary Carr?
Jeremy Carey?
Mkay I'll DM you my 
No School For Me Tommorow :
Top down, Led Zeppelin playing, gorgeous sunshine on my skin, going to see Today is perfect.
Browns sign DE Jaqua Parker to a oneyear 3 million deal.
Guy is relentless pass rusher at times...also resign CB Patterson to 3 yr deal.
We are always interested in press.
What are you thinking?
An insightful blog post will be up on my blog this evening.
Yes!
Yes!
Go Caps!
Congratulations, Ted!
I'm so glad it's Friday!
Just a shit load of band and work, I've been really busy.
I got a new phone too :
Congrats to and for making it to the final round of the Battle of the Brands!
You guys are great!
At the WilCo health department picking up a food permit.
It's decorated with framed artistic bw photos of people washing their hands.
another long night learning...
doing...
and encouraged.
Do you ever have live music on the show?
yep that's me
Wow, thanks!
Glad you tried them out and liked them.
Exactly!!!!
Like please go have a seat and read that book you wrote cause that's the only thing on your side...
Going to wait for the EURUSD to retrace a bit then buy the dip
Romney wants to amend the constition to OVERRULE the very things he claims should be a state issue and to take away rights.
w/e, waste of time is a waste of time.
Another commercial is better than some stammering bafoon reciting random kid's names.
Thank u
A mess he tried it
NEON Go Go with DJ Wizz Kids  3 go go dancers in black light neon!!!!
you wont want to miss this one!!!
MOTHERS DAY IS TOMORROW?!?!
HOLY SHIET
My bf is like my best friend3 he listens to me, and gives me advice, he's the best.
SMH is the worst text/Facebook/Twitter abbreviation to come out since TGIF.
Now that I'm online, gonna follow all the cool Twitter people at yesterday's Google Big Tent event
Pretty sure just used logo before a, uh, bathroom segment?...umm, we'll take it?
Lol
it means youre welcome: and no worries
Sweet!
I want to eventually have both of these done though.
Would you recommend the cartilage first?
What a douchebag!!
Made my lunch, wanted coffee so I made that but then I grabbed a Corona.
Coffee  Beer Nothing like beer n sports
Or: not being open to/appreciative of all comments on your looks is a sign that you have the wrong politics, apparently
skylar followed this acct the first nite she got It.
I was
NYEG meeting tonight was AWESOME!
Chek www.newyorkentertainmentgroup.com for info on the next meeting 8/23/11
Good things come to those who wait.
i miss you buddy!
How many days until the MLS playoffs start
If I had known that yesterday's winning horse was named I'll Have Another, I would have bet on it.
You took that spot just to deny to another, didn't you?
Hahahahaaha.
Considering doing something very bad.
if we're so honorable to bury him properly why did we go in and assassinate him.
He should have been given a trial if we're so 'above that'
I pushed Humpty Dumpty off the wall!
returned from whirlwind tour of Western side of the continent at 3:15a, in meetings since 7:30a; would trade a kidney for a mocha right now.
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters.
The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
Hair cut by Lauren at Mask...prospective BNI member!
Day 5.
Arrrrgh.
So much catching up to do.
Almost some with high school life :D
You're welcome!!!
: how is the pain now?

Do you ever wonder what your life looks like through someone else's eyes?
Happy birthday to Penguin!
One reflects on there birthday...If they do not...then they are a Vampire....
Hey guys please show your support by following !
We're hiring a Spanish speaking community manager and outreach specialist.
Email .
in regards 2 geo based ads, I assume the recipient has 2 sign up 4 individual solicitations how is permission scaled?
hey Wasup Guys!
Its da twins form chicos market..U guys look like ur going far!
Goodluck in all you do!!
Heaven!
Is that in Shelburne?
the berries and the ginger predominate, and that way I get my greens too.
It's okay.
Everyone makes mistakes.
I mean you're here aren't you?
that is one ugly ol' rig you've got.
It's not the worst eyesore in this campground we're in, but it's close.
:P
Hopefully everyone saw The Avengers so they can come to Masters of the Universe at The Troc tonight.
your little cuz my goonie merkem city rider you kno me stop it k
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only 6.99...
Stuck on Odin in FF13...putting it down for a while and picking up another game.
Heavy Rain or White Knight Chronicles
Really?
A doctors appointment on my last free day before seph mack?
She's back Baltimore !!!
A cool conversation w/ at 430pm today, as we preview Os/Yankees  chat NFL ...
: with french fries BITCH !
Lmao, dude sthu !
Thank you for your Lenten mercy posts.
So needed.
: 
Entrepreneurial Spirit: IF I don't work...
I don't get paid
The red Swingline stapler is jammed!
Oh hell no, he don't mean what he say ...
You need to be on that FuckNiggasGetMoney crap
sounds promising
Have a strong and wonderful day homie
Just ordered bacon for lunch....
Looking forward to attending: Training Tomorrow's Workers Today: How the Right Investments Can Make a Difference 5/22/12
I miss that too : lol where are you
In a crappy mood today and my solution is gardening.
I'm so lame.
JOIN Holli and Michael of Playboy Radio SWING during Tropic MiamiBeat Saturday night parties.
www.siriusxm.com/playboyradio
Awesome night.
See ya tomorrow rethinkmusic Can't wait for some more awesome speakers!
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things.
There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
Cool mexican joint down the street from us?
Yes.
Awesome movie!
I'm really tired of the limits of merchant account API.
Really, we can't call your API and captainre the last 4 digits?
Sending prayers to the people of Japan.
Haha brandon painted my nails for me.
:
Ohh yes, and I are ready for the concert tomorrow!
:
I hate typos!
Aerating Your Lawn
headed to oakland
To the man on the moped today that takes balls of steel to ride that sucker on the 405 in rush hour traffic....wait is that even legal???
Fuck the prosecutor tell em the Bugatti's new.
you are so cute...
honestly, and I don't say this to be rude, I think u r blinded to real issues with the idea that u make a difference
Happy Mothers day to everybody's mom  mine!!
: 3
of course!
mainly just doctorpped followers who I consider spammers, but twitter does not.
Happy birthday Andy.
You know, 40 is the new...something :
I'm not signing up for more webinars with marketers: They are all a sales pitch!
Defies the purpose of social communications and
great spot for being organized!
at least we have each other
s/o to all my new Followers
FF My new wasteoids and bloods!
Totally had a great spa night at spa Roma thanks to prettycity.com
How did you do that ?
Whatta shot !!
Hope you will be rockin a BXP tee there...
lets go ANDY!
me:L
Especially if you love your cardiologist!
RT : nothing says love like sliders, mozzarella sticks and chicken rings!
I feel like such a dork for yelling out, Hidden Mickey while watching The Muppets movie.
: hi Todd, my first tweet.
Xx please follow Terri she has the inside scoop on travel and wine!!!!
Our live music has just started.
Come rock out and have some green beers
: oh ayt!
All the best with that lady : Its a success ; Thank you so much.
I know it will 
I saw an undergrad in class torrenting the textbook IN class today.
Text FOXGRILL to 38681 to receive discounts and promotions.
6 days ago
Bartschi!!!!
Go Hawks go!
Thinking of all the great shows that will be played this summer by DMB.
Alpine, Gorge, WPB, SPAC, Deer Creek, etc.
Can't Wait!!!
And just so a train take off towards seatac.
Eager to have YOU in Seattle!
RT : Visiting Seattle next week.
Meet design team for my solo show.
Massive Torchys Trailer Trash taco craving!!!
Geez, I wld rather have Carol Mosely Braun than Bob Fioretti as mayor.
The photoopobsessed Alderman needs to hang it up.
The pictures are so real and alien looking.
It's gross!
It is National Police Memorial Week.
That may be why.
I have no doubt its good but I still cant see a trailer w/o changing RockemSockem Robots!
overover under my breath
Need a spiritual awakening!
Any ideas?
Thank you very much, Matt!
This is terrific
Okay but tell me when you see it .
because you chose Superman, I gotta go Wolverine, Why?
He'd have the balls to hold Lois hostage and bring Supes to his knees
Heading to Hoover to get some long Toss in with
I know :D Well he is coming on monday I think..
Maybe if its a day with nothing important we go on a Justin hunt!!
x
Our friends are celebrating their 10th anniversary today.
To everyone in Cape Town, cheers!
love this, yes!
love a big pile of delish glossy mail  letters!
: rt : Is there anything better than a good mail day?
Good morning to our new followers!
Rockport global campaign taps mobile marketing across 30 countries
When I say  So  that means I still wanna talk, I just dont know what to say.
Ice on the windshield...so this is what winter feels like!
thanks for the FF love!
I love you so much :
im following u now : follow back ?
: and i 3 the same bandz u do :D
Currently watching the players in non HD like some sort of animal.
shoutout to BETHEL GOSPEL Assembly last nite  LIVING WORD Church tonite for leading the Mission's Chapel Service.
YAY CHRISTIAN CHURCH
My touchpad randomly stopped working with Twitter still up..
but i fixed it ha i was screwed for a couple minutes
It goes recommended by me.
Shout out to the family w.
3 kids at security w sodas in their carry on.
No really  you were so slow I got to skip the Xray machine.
Thanks 4 follow!
Out www.firmsolutionsltd.com 4 costeffective, efficient  reliable law firm backoffice solutions
i already have my pencil and notebook for notes and in my desk im ready lol
Appointments are necessary if you wish to come to view the pianos.
U of Illinois mass mail is a little weird this morning.
and u love it :
ha haa, when do i get packing?
Who's the target?
:
To ugly randy Jackson jr everything I say on here I have said to ur face so twitter doesn't give me any guts no one is scared of u
I got a tight window...
That doctorve to the south side my kill me...
Good lookin tho
ran out of spinach so i used straight kale...not my best smoothie.
awesome Flag staff!!!
Childoctorn at Artesia's Yeso Elementary School excitedly waved American Flags.
For Flag Day.
The Downtown Lions Club donated the flags.
Hi Danielle, I'll be sending you an email with the info I need for your professorle  thanks Mike for the DM
The Amateur Millionaires Club ratings have been ASTRONOMICALl!!
Thank you all so much for your support!
Please Keep watching!
The best...
ah nothin better then textin this kid :
Hey Danielle de Niese says Don't hate me cuz I'm pretty.
my economic chops arent the best.
But what is proposing seems pretty radical no?
the Maloofs couldn't win in Vegas, you're odds are way worse
Learning is not compulsory...
neither is survival.
W.
Edwards Deming
Congrats on your craftiness!
Did you paint it or do something else?
Monument Lighting Thurs eve Mt Vernon Squre.
Join the fun!
did you notice how all the girls on american idol are country?
Look what you started : !
I think it's time to call it a night!
We will began the hunt to put the hottest energy doctornk in every CStore in the country again tomor ...
OK Mark Jackson.
Put the starters back in for OT.
What are you thinking?
If Warriors lose, he should be fired.
We need to be able to disagree without name calling
Up at 7a.m.
for work, haven't seen this time of morning in a long time.
Long day of work ahead
Finals are coming up all you UWers!!
Take a break from the studying and help us MODEL Sperantsa beanies tmister at Red Square
I secretly love when meetings get cancelled, especially on a Friday
hey Pixar, you can graft ads for Cars 2 to the backs of my eyelids, still not interested in seeing it.
tone it down.
Private movie screeninp
I missed your hello.
She said her tits r ashy
lmfao no ill get money somehow!
:p
Didn't get to see the space shuttle flying yesterday, but I'm seeing it now just parking at JFK.
Just sittin' there chillen.
its chill tho 
Chitown standup
love the voice!
Thanks EPA Administrator for a great discussion today about and the work we're doing together!
can I get a retweet from the BEST announcer in all sports?
now speaking in favor of SB 576 on charter schools.
Talking with Rep Thomson on accountability and limited expansion.
Completly agree.
Can't wait for Storyline!
Clearpath is hiring!
We need engineering talent with expertise in virtual desktops, strong IT generalists for Clearpath Hosting experienc
I just saw a kid riding his dads roller bag while dad pulled him through the airport:
thanks Kelly!
Even better, i got to work with the caveman!
He is super cool and it was a great shoot.
Funny stuff.
I love how chill Sunday nights are, but I hate Monday mornings.
say what
he was good on paper.
In real life, no spark.
If it's likelyfrequent,then you shouldn't need research assist to find plentiful examples :
you already are to me
excited to see you perform and act in a show with you girlie!
See you soon!
3
Rush: Apology not accepted.
Ms.
Fluke sue his ass.
absolutely man.
Hope to see you out there in the trenches!

manuela, again I read it and felt bluster and vulgarity
lol i brought dat 4loko shit out i done had i feeling like u was finna die
Topher, I'm standing outside the Roxy w/o a ticket!
Can you help a guy and his girl out?!
OYEA AND I LOVE YOUR RIDE VIDEO SAY BABY CANT NOBODY IN THA GAME GROOVE LIKE YOU FO'REAL FO'REAL BEEN WAITING ON YOUR RETURN.......
DailyHookahTip143: Try using a glass screen between the tobacco and the coals to eliminates the need for tinfoil.
Audition Tip: Usually the only way a performance mistake will be obvious, is if you make it obvious that youve made a mistake.
Hey Ron, switch lives with me real quick.
Absolutely.
: Allow teams to ease into metrics based on social maturity  good tip to remember from m2c
LoDawg  GoGo are enjoying a tasty Mexican breakfast before work.
on line it says he is still in custdy
Madoctorcks in Derby is donating 10 of all food sales today to the Alzheimer's Association.
1821 Madison doctorve Ste 100.
Show your support!
I haven't watched TV on a Wednesday in a while.
I usually catch up over the weekend.
Haven't seen it yet.
Def will.
i mostly doctornk coffee for my coworker's safety.
at the buzzer to end the 3rd!
hi zephyr!
follow back!
and lets meet up soon!
is SO excited to learn that calmoots is connected to Bich Mihn!
See something, say something.
Terrorists are gathering intel daily on ways to exploit weaknesses in our Homeland Security.
Stay vigilant!
MU better not lose to Murray.
That's my accountants name.
I feel like im talking to a wall....
but this isn't facebook...
so would I be talking to a bird??
Oh just back to the grind!
Got a couple things in the hopper that may make the week a bit more pleasant.
no, that's not me!!!
'took a smart shower after getin dumb sweaty'
don't sh me!
You sh!
HOLY SHIT, its perfect.
What a cool app is.
Found someone here at DSUM12 knows a friend from
so have you fixed your hair yet?
Euphoriclife Get on Board
Just saw you in the documentary on Pramoedya Ananta Toer.
:
It's back up for sale.
Could be awhile before anything happens with that place, sadly.
Thanks for the new follower
The greatest country in the world!
FINALLY GOT POGH AS MY RINGTONE...
Great jazz last night at the Mission Street Theater: Cyrille Aimée  Diego Figueiredo.
Thanks to !
tomorrow I will preside over the swearing in of Houston's newest lawyers!
With Judge Ken Wise as the keynote speaker!
well ain't got no moneys so I may have to do the alternative...
my homie marty just hooked me up with a snuggie!!!
I feel like a wizard :
he was going over.
I at first thought someone was falling.
I am awake now.
Reggie Bush isn't as good as Strahan when cohosting with Kelly Ripa, but he's not terrible.
He has a future in tv
Too many people never get to live up to their full potential because no one will give them a chance.
Ugh What's with these Yanks????
: yo Im at this lil competition  this group dance to girls talkin bout  I promise to god they did ya whole ending
When u just can't stop thinking about some things
Jake and Amir, the funniest ish ever...
is there food?
matter of fact, thats my favorite song, today.
onRepeat.
:
MY LITTLE PONY
thanks for a great weekend.
What a club!
3 of 4 of us got the magic Golden Tickets and ancho guajillo cognac Dark Lord!
Well, I mean, tattoos are a HUGE commitment, but it's not like u have to diet the way you do for a wedding, for God's sake!
earthquake Felt it in Toronto, Canada.
Yikes!
Came for a relaxing visit and might as well had stayed in Los Angeles!
who got u mad A.B??
wait i can talk an listen.....
OMG I MADE A NEW DISCOVERY!!!!!!!!
Good night, friend :
I now have 60 followers.
Thanks and I'm honored to have each of you.
Have a great day.
I will always stan for chris regardless of his flaws we are all human we all make mistakes who r we to judge anyone .
i hope that you have all you ever doctoramed of
Matt, sure let's talk.
Fingers and toes!
Good luck!
You'll do great!
We greatly appreciate ur vote 4 Smile Train!
What a great orgnization!
Make sure u spread the word so they receive the donation!
Damnit.
Too awake for my own good!
ME  FADED WE OUT BROWSE N WHAT'S UP...
Our new CD has arrived!!!
I don't make you feel special, I just remind you that you are special.
David F.
Sims
NATITUDE RT  ESPN: Hunter Pence bashes his second home run of the night, and an army of fans is streaming toward the exits.
any time Dawson  ill be traveling first two weeks of March but maybe late march?
Email me a calendar invite
plank so hard
hey are you little Chloe!?!?
:D
Yeah?
I haven't heard too much of Thelopious London mayne
Retweet if your tired of the stupid DMs that say someone is saying bad things about you click here
either way!
Want to chat with you about Grover Mitchell.
DM me with your email addoctorss, maybe?
LOL!
Friday Funny via PRSSA RT Hoping today will be the day responds to my FB friend request.
It's been 2 weeks
It's all about the payingitforward!
Shouts out to you friend!
Long but successful day of client interviews.
Necessary  important step in any creative project an agency does.
Hold up wait hold up wait!
What is your biggest wish you want to come true?
Why would you put your number on twitter?!
smh bryan!
RT 8612819 :
What'd the point of coming to a 50 min class 36 mins late?
The day I'm run over by a taxi and better be on the sidewalk singing the yellow ones don't stop, the yellow ones don't..
It's hard to prepare a fabulous meal after a full day of work!
is a great goto source for tasty, quick  easyrecipes!
Who played Bob in tonight's episode of The Exes?
I guess now we can confirm they don't sell Nattys at Maxis!
listening to Ghost on the CanvasAny Trouble,Paul Westerberg tunes on the last Glenn Campbell album.
liked em by PW, like em now by GC!
BTW all who see this should follow crocodile logic on twitter.
That's your name, dude.
he he damn I'm jealous right now.
Hit us up when in the Yay
they on the grind see em on you tube and more
I always wondered where you got your awesome retro calendar  I am loving the Northwestern one, too.
Thanks for the tip!!
I miss you..
InBedTexting Goodnight 3
just because somebody say it dont make it true..shhh you can laet anything come out yo mouth
Final Destination 5 looks amazing!
enjoying dusk the from the studio window...
very pristine....
A friend doesn't contradict what you say
One of the most famous UFO organizations in the world is the San Diegobased Unarious Academy of Science, located in El Cajon....
Foundation Routine Flawless Skin Acne Scaring Make Up For Ever HD
Your doctorving me crazy, but sorry your not going to ruin my night3
Catron u forgot the
Sitting on my patio.
LOL Let me know the next time you go out.
Would love to hang out.
good looking out!
And my balls are sweaty as fuck.
From now on it's South Beach Marlins, South Beach Dolphins, and University of South Beach Hurricanes!!!
RT : These poetrypacked tweets always make my day!
5 Poems by Kids about Finding a Peaceful Place...
this is what school lunch could be
You gotta bruise?
Wide awake 
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
Agreed!
RT : Bummer : Although, I wouldn't worry about getting continued press next year!
then shouldn't you already be confident?
:o
OH: I asked Twitter, but they're not answering.
OH2: Is that like looking into the abyss, and the abyss didn't look back?
A plot is a dot that went for a walk to nowhere.
did u get my texts?

RT : just booked my room for
love you too!!:D lol
I'm in Vegas for the 1st time.
I saw a movie where a guy gets roofie'd here and winds up married to ,wish me luck!
ima miss you bud.
See you soon 3
ask her!
A police recruit was asked during the exam, What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?
He answered, Call for backup...
good morning beauty 
RT : The future of
Skim scam flam at the gas pumpssee the report tomorrow on the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley.
31 Timbers.
I'm going back to practicing my log slices.
Old ppl r crayyy
qotd: You have been very well trained to downplay any physical discomfort...be good to yourself.
ha!
totally creepy!
Yep, how time flieswow, 4 years.
Congrats to you.
: : Will there ever be a new Modern Family on again?
Tomorrow.
Stop being so doctormatic!
: Lol!
:
Prince Philip feedback delights artist
Which ?
Also I'm on their email list and they spam me about 4x a day.
Honored to be photographing Glenn Scarpelli today, former kid actor: One Day At a Time, They All Laughed, etc.
Awesome PicsCareer Reboot!
i know.
i need to...
: why does life have to get in the way of all the fun things?
thanks for following back :
I beezinthetrap until further notice.
Heading out on first bike ride in almost two years.
They say you never forget ...
Love hearing about cool uses of !
RT : Having a great chat with from Tweetreach.
Love them for our chats.
thanks.
Hope you got some great shots.
Kobe looks a little pissed off!
Good shot Blake!
Watching Anchorman right now.
Cracks me up!
the last Browns jersey I bought?
Green...
I know Trent will be better
Head hurts!
hangover 
Check out my music video packages...
www.teamkproductions.com Custom options available!
Glad to be back in SHOCKER NATION!!!
It's BIGGER and BETTER than ever!!!
Viruses huh.
Can't live with 'em, can't run away from them.
M u cannot Monday night but Tuesday night?
Depending on tech
how big?
What temp?
No smoke?
My eyes.
They burn!
ha!
You have a point ...
Quote from actress Melissa Raquel on filming IMPACT, Thank you for everything.
Since working on this film, I feel like a new person.
What to do on a Friday night?
nothing.i live in roanoke.
I should have taken care of this yesterday, when I was out and about!
At least I have Cherry Coke.
There is hope :P
Hate when I don't have my afternoon nap.
why y'all don't open earlier!!!
I wish I had even a fraction of the talent that you have.
Don't get me wrong, I think I have some talent.
But you're incomparable
I think it looked pretty darn good last week!
WERE YOU WATCHING????
LOL!
ugh, why did she move us?
Killer cramps!!
I assumed he was off making up for lost time with Jenna
Thanks much for the RT Dee Anna.
We think Yammer is super cool...and the fact that you work for Yammer is even cooler!
San Marcos?!
Hell yah!
I'll go pick your ass up!
You the shitt!!!
In the true Cali Get up  Get fashion 2 in the stable says your in it 2 win.
The question is do they hat him or him big pimpin blonds.
fthat Madoctord crowd was like an entire arena of the jblock; and not just for that match.
awful.
what's for lunch?
RT : Finally a foodtruck is stopping near my office.
Rt!
Me neither!!
Long live the double standard...
No, I wish.
I love being a comedian.
I am about this life.
Sad indeed.
Although we should never look to NC for progress on social issues.
Smart lady.
So sad.
Win, lose, lose, win!
Break even day.
Last win of the day, Raiders of the Lost Ark on the big screen.
great!
You?
is the Michael Jackson of today
Yet we still teach our students how to communicate with us via email cuz everything else is blocked.
Thanks for all the retweets everyone!
Adventure time stickers are on the car in front of me m/
you gotta end the song before the annoying bitch sitting shotgun changes it for the 28th time.
Thas good enough for me.
Leaving rossmorganrager at 4am and going straight to work.
That's dedication
That's true, my Vitamin D was deficient and I'm taking supplements every week.
Ben Saunders Killer
Big man above Please Bless Old People and their slowness at Mc.Donalds
RT : You don't need more time, you just need to decide Seth Godin
congrats on the win tonight!
Let me be the first to welcome you to Cincinnati!!!!
Have a safe flight!!
I have some folks that are living in dallas area..also some followers in NOLA
bought 12 footlong sandwiches, 11 cookies, and 13 yogurts from mondos
Former Spokane Indian Robbie Ross made his MLB debut tonight for the Rangers.
He tossed a scoreless inning with one K vs.
the White Sox.
you guys are perfect together :
you're telling me
ah you're gorgeous!!!
from 9:00 a.m.
to 12:00 p.m..
Sometimes We All Have To Take A Leap Of Faith, And Pray To God We're Doing The Right Thing.
i'm just online....it's so borink....
WW wine RT Are you planning any winetasting trips for 2012?
We've been having great weather here in Napa Valley!
Good night, twitter friends
Wish I had some canes instead of this turkey sandwich and rice lol!!
two buck chuck!
:
Never let em know your next move, don't cha know bad boys move in silence or violence
how bout im not singin
Whip 'em into shape Harbs!
RT : The rookies have taken the field for their first day of minicamp practice!
you're scared of Morbid Angel
i need my own tv station so i can put on artist that really need to be seen and heard 24/7...hip hop got a hood lock out right now
doctorke: But first you must smell your tomato...
Josh: Smell my tomato?...
doctorke: By pressing it with your nose with great force!
LMFAO
Stop looking for a partner.
Focus on yourself and rebuilding your life.
Eventually the right person will find you...
Congrats and good luck with your speech, Erica!
Brother: so have to fart Adian: come on man just fart it out
downloads.
Now what
Guilty conscience X2.
Who else is ready for the Nats season to get undeway?
Neylon: ease of reuse is crucial, access is not enough.
dhtrial nic and co leave the floor.
No word.
Everybody check out my boy Mosey Galak's group Da Cream Chantilly..It's Great!!!!!
check your facts my friend.
This ridiculous claim of 7.5 million in damages as been debunked.
Just another stupid lie
Fish are friends, not food!
I am screwed.
But I am fully dysfunctional without her so its par for the course.
I was tweaken earlier my bad man.
Have u ever been wit a girl who is stuck up
I see Jimmy..
and I'm like...
fuck.
Today's farmers market haul: spinach, carrots, wax beans, onions, garlic, scallions, purple cauliflower, broccoli rabe, apples...
Some People Deserve To Get Eggs Thrown At Them.
Brick Shaped Eggs....Made Of Bricks 
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow.
Start doing and less talking.
that is a awesome ideal and I will certainly do it to show my support for Austin on his birthday
lol.
Great to see ya : Need to step away for a few, but let's catch up soon.
Wanted to make sure coffee c flowing at
yeah udvar hazy is great..but very few NASM visitors ever go there
will do!!
: please check out our songs on Facebook and give us a like!!
Thanks :
that's so cool that your Brazilian!
And your AMAZAYN too: and I'd love to meet you too:
boy, you ain't kidding
You the man!
Love it!
MYBAD I had big girl thangz to do but I'll see both of you this weekend :
Klecko was on cannonball run
i have oakley snowboard pants though
I did now you text me back punk!:p
GOOD MORNING!!
So sorry you're sick!
Best wishes for a quick recovery...
Had a wonderful Girls Night Out with  Ladies we Must do this again :
I miss your face!!!!!
what do you use the App Bywords for?
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
four key findings
April 14th Lazy E Arena in Guthrie times a ticking lets get you signed up today before the price goes up.
It's gonna be great
I don't have TNT.
Was it another case of flying elbows?
Watching 'Birdemic.' Oh yea, be jealous.
:
Just working on paperwork.
Fun.
Pulitzer prize winner, Mark Neely, speaks at MdHS at noon April 15th.
His talk is on his new Civil War book, part of a 1/2 day symposium.
Made a change last night for the better!
I'm probably going to Las Palmas tonight, La Vida Tomorrow
You are not your circumstances or your situation.
God's majestic power overrules any obstacle we can every go through!!
Way too cold in these shorts today
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now
Finally time to sit down  relax!
Let's see what's on TV!
You never tweet old man!
A 100 gift certificate to goes to...
Ticket number 682060!
Check your tickets, folks!!!
customer service supervisor told us today it's not their fault we went paperless just to save a couple of trees!
Brother Craig, any chance for all of your TBHH series be made available for paid digital downloads?
Thank you.
only 2 lol I think this.scares them off
Jesus fuck, we're going to get kicked out of this Bob Evans.
Its wholesome as fuck.
Thanks, bro.
Will I be getting a twitter tip every day?!
thanks.
yep this one is for night owlish craft beer fans!
see you at Beerhoptacular Saturday!
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL!
Point beats the clock with 3 seconds left in the second quarter.
At half time the score is 65 Rochester.
how's the bus ride
I almost wish they had done a performance that wasn't geared toward kids.
We weren't the only ones crying.
: ...
step brothers onnahood
Tony Smotherman is Comming to the Rock House
lol that is seriously annoying me as well
This life is less than an infinitely divided fraction of a blink of an eye.
Completely get it.
An admirable quality!
You got it right!
The best I can do now is hair  massage on Sat b4 working a wedding :
What helps when pitching to reports?
Provide pictures.
Develop a bulleted fast facts sheet.
Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best: Explore LI  Restaurants Print Aa Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best Be the first to rate: 0 Cl...
5 weeks from 2day I'll b on the beach down n Mexico.
the Brewers magic number is now 25!
amaya would say happy mothers day 2 bree with choclates n a kiss and i love you
Heading to the gym!
I've read.
HDMI out to projector  via an VGA conversion cord.
Anything on iPad should wirelessly project.
We'll see
Aw lol, appreciate it baby.
wats ya name
Flowertown ends with Ellie waking up  realizing she's still in radio.
Then the horror really begins...
gears...ha
Our Annual YoungBlacksGiveBack Month continues tomorrow.
Student Chat  McKinley Tech High.
Email  join us
hey thanks for following...
:
thank u Luncinda 4 sending the linkI'll look at that one as well ;
What the fuck cuz?
Do you know what happened?
I just looked at his FB page, but none of the post say what happened to him.
Criteria  small number, diverse groups, does not include subject matter experts.
how come orton gets a whole season to screw up and tebow gets 1 game?
RT Pisces like it when you nibble a bit.
I hope Zimmerman never goes to jail.
no hospital!
Celebrated way too early.
:
Grumpy old double braclet winner is jibba jabberying again.
Apparently he doesn't like the railbirds.
Follow me if you want to follow u cum on just a few will wen a get mention
So sad : Disappointing news for Marietta: Theatre in the Square suspended performances today; won't launch 31st season.
Woke up from my nap thinking it was tomorrow...
If yesterday was may the fourth be with you, the is today the revenge of the fifth?
Alright!
Let's do it!
just finished my english nature powerpoint presentation...it includes me rapping in a Bear Grylls voice
maybe I should purchase my avengers tickets for Sunday in advance.

cold game ..Yall know its da movement
Wish you best brotha!!
OMG just play our single REJOICE back to back...you still have time to tune in www.wecu1570.com LOG ON!
Thanks for the follow, Allison!
Michael, I'm excited to keep reading your column...
Thanks for sharing!
Happy hump day!!
Only a few days til Friday.
Weird to think ill be a junior
There should be much more collaboration between disciplines like journalism, art, history, design, sociology, and the sciences.
what school you going to next year ?:
To excel at sales, you need to learn about psychology.
Read my blogs and ebook.
Yes, it does!
Gives me beautiful negatives every time.
hey, I just sent you an invite to make that collaborative adult programming board happen on pinterest
: If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach.// genius
Look, all I'm trying to say is that Hamilton is no bust.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do  Steve Jobs
hands up in the air, i just want the, i just want the baddest girl on my lap.

...
I'm sick of being sickah
clef: what you try never to fall off of.
bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
OH YEW SO KEWL
: Big THANK YOU to TEDxCLT Sponsors: Signature Healthcare,
places the crepe place this Friday night!
I don't see how some people hate on Niall.
He's so precious and the sweetest boy ever why need to hate?
Wouldn't that be a real hoot?
I'd love it!
Have a deep respect for Opera singers!
There is more to them then fat ladies singing
kathy got detention for a day and i got a demerit x one more and i dont graduate!!!!
I heard John Edwards broke his jaw.
milwaukee We are working hard to improve!
Let us know if you have any ideas!
Happy New Years everyone!
With the New Year comes new opportunities embrace them!
if I bought stock do u think I would come out even?
Was about to pressplay but I remembered ur tweet  it interrupted me
it's a secret
This has been the biggest waste of a day.
HIV Testing is the primary mission of We are a physician network trying to reduce the spread of the HIV virus and AIDS.
Does anyone else think that Rihanna always looks like an extra from water world?
RT : i noticed that when people's teams aint winning, they blame the refs.
lol  seems that way huh
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 48
Congrats to the cast and crew of the 2011 Alum short 15:2 for taking home 'Best Horror Comedy Short  Best Short Actress at Fear...
not a problem, lots of bandwagon chics out there.
How r u wearing ur hair now?
I'm there tomorrow
I command you to DANCE
Hey, I heard you are looking for a gentleman.
Is it cool if he's australian,too?
You know the smell too!
Glad I wasn't alone.
we were supposed to have Jodie Foster, she backed out at last minute  we got artist famous for vagina ashtray in '70s.
cutting up and reorganizng by theme, some of my early interviews for diss.
this is either brilliant or a waste of time.
probz both.
Picked up my badge for the  already ran into  Let the fun begin!
cat trap?
Hey , why is the blue line riddled with inconsistent service and several express trains?
Success is not permanent, neither is failure.
Why, thank you, !
Who loves lucky cookies??????
Exactly!!
The evil empire loses.
RT : 02 post spy gate!
Just saying!!
Cant spell ELIte w/o Eli!!
Night my friends!
Stop focusing on the bad things, and be thankful for the good things.
Today we're hosting our event Honoring Women at the Four Seasons for TCFV!
Why do I always have to be the bigger person?
she's had all this work done that makes her look awful lip and cheek injections.
its so sad.
Yehaw the weekend is near!!!
Especially good television.
USA viewers often play catchup, but the writing/acting in British comedies is brilliant.: 
Cock tease is worst than a cock block
looking for the shutout!
FF Good peeps here folks, and entertaining
Who the fuck is a good ass rapper and wants to collab????
I need more features for this EP mixtape !
Tweet me
OH i just remebered Jersey Shore is on tomorrow!!!
WHo!!!
And after an hour of trying to download OS X Lion, I figured out I need Snow Leopard....
I didn't even need your help!
Come buy our new ep at the Clifton Heights Music Fest on April 7 at Roxx Electrocafe!
Sassy will be closing out the night.
Only 3 bucks!
oh yeah!
Keeping your girlfriend happy is the key to a successful relationship.
RT : What do you guys think of 's new website?
/ library.northeastern.edu
can anyone help with pressrelease contacts at any of the big newspapers?
like wall street, NY Times, USA Today etc.?
twit free iPad
i feel sowwi for you
I'm in Tennessee, long ways from you :
Archives I love: and
Word.
RT : It's days like these I miss the wit of
Night baby
Alternative bass: Warwick FNA Jazzman  strong smart sonic
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Oh I forgot that was on.
Love
2 points RT : No RT : And Matt Ryan RT : I want joe Johnson and marvin williams out of Atlanta
Girl, I'm so happy that ur K.I.M.!
You are an inspiration for me.
Proud of u and the weight loss 2.
That's a big 4u N 2012
who can I contact regarding events and hospitality positions?
pretty much action and scary ;
haha.
How in the world did i do that.
not even close
just sent dm w/ loc of easier/closer mtg spot.
lol yeahh and you can never go wrong with that store
What to think about before committing to a PM certification journey now on
ive been getting messages saying ppl are talking about me and then people saying im talking about them i dont even know these ppl im srry
meetings would be so much better if you could still be at them.
I made it
That was some dime that Andoctor Iguodala just doctorpped!
What if all your heartbreaks, your worries and insecurities showed on your skin...
what would you look like?
Tired of paying too much?
We save you money on your auto expenses through
I really need to pee ...
Hey all!
There's still time for and 1/2 price martinis at the Scholars Inn!!
We hope to see you there.
I just finished a 7.59 mi run with a time of 1:14:34 with Nike GPS.
Commit to the NO EXCEPTION POLICY!!!
Every single day focus on your goals and take decisive action.
lol u always say that and we never end up hanging out!
You don't need to read any book in order to enjoy our February SexyResults show, but you should still read 's Massive.
Andoctor Ethier doctorves in Kemp, with another RBI.
Dodgers lead 21 in the 6th.
I feel like a lot of females have been in their feelings lately...
It must be the cold weather or because it's close to Christmas time
I hope to God you're right...
Where's the link Ronnie?
I will retweet it as well.
followfriday, God is Good today and Everyday, not just Fridays.
You give him your everything, but he gives you nothing.
I just got the latest book in my favorite series.
Last came out in 07.
Anywhere I can find a recap?
FLORIDA MEMBERS have you signed up to participate in the Member Appreciation Contest?
You have until this Sunday to let the manager know!
Would say worse than that: so many novices given extracurriculars and toughest teaching loads.
Crazy.
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:10 to talk Timbers
Met you at The Actors Network way back, out of about 100 thank you letters I've sent, you were the only one to send one back.
I think if this is an important thing for y'all, it's probably worth actively recruiting underrepresented folks
Awesome plug for on Conan tonight  doctor Bugs was rockin' some Ant Pants.
congrats, that's great.
it is such a well written show
Hey, Eric Church, are all yer songs kick ass??
I believe they are ...
Have fun studying!
Good luck on your finals :
oh yeah, i forgot I only exist when you need something
In order to unite all women, Adele's exboyfriend must make an album called I Dug Her Til She Gained Weight and Stopped Sucking my Dick
isnt it always
oh i know i was just gonna tell u that alex followed :D looool.
goodnight :
lol naw j/p to chill
oh thank you !
I use Oil of Olay ...
: anybody tryna get a twitter cypher goin let's do this
Don't remember the last good night of sleep on a wenesday
didn't hear that at time, but agreed
haha dang.
ain't nobody feet pretty.
miss you pretty cheeks :
I hate to do it, but I think I have to finally admit the fact that I had no idea who Clarence Clemons was until he died.
There's a strong chance I just made a batch of chocolate chip cookies simply because I felt like eating the batter.
M.
Okay...my phone is quiet now...
: Oh Charles.....atleast hes the guy on top
hahha it's only a lil lighter  my eyes looks brown in that pic wth haha
Taking my mom to for her birthday tonight.
I feel it's my duty livetweet all 2 hours and 40 minutes of it
Thanks for your patience and we'll let you know when the site is back up and running so that you can download your copy of
what grade are you in 7th  what are you talking to a 7th grader I Dan e with her so I here your an amazing dancer?
Thank You!
: We had such a great time on Saturday with all of our amazing tutors.
We hope you enjoyed National Volunteer Week!
Witnessed a doctorg deal for the first time.
The guy looked guilty af.
whyiwrite to share and watch my imagination blossom
Ugh, a careless pass and a stupid foul.
C'mon !
You can BeatTheHeat!
So awesome!
: TMI?
Rocking my pasties courtesy of liquid courage and eyelash glue.
No pics, but it is happening.
ha.
That's perfect.
took me awhile too lol
COME OUT AND BE A CREATURE FOR A GAME!
Hungry af!!
I want sum spagetti and fish oh n a big fiyer az salad wit a glass of....
Fukk it ill settle for a beer
Isnt there a single motherfucking day the bitch ass Justin Bieber fans aka Beliebers flood twitter with reatrded shit about that asshole?
lmao I bubbled in Y.O.L.O.
On the scantron and I wrote the lyrics to At Last by Etta James
builds their TV's with cheap Mexican labor but won't stand behind their workmanship, Shame on you ActionItemTSTL
TWEET ME QUESTIONS WITH ASKTYLER :D RT!
thank you for being such a great audience member.
Though I wish you would have jumped in!

Hi, thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
What a fantastic website  makes me want to cook again!
I want Obama to require the insurance companies to provide for free Viagra too!
Thanks Mike!
The NonTheatrical Military Film panel booting up.
Anna Froula: showing news reels of WASP training in WWII
To, is turning Thompson Hotel into a fucking zoo!
U all aren't ready!!!
Can't wait for actorfest!
loll well see being cute is trying to be like you
Jamming to Najee My point of view Album
Where's the discussion about illegal immigrants in the US who are from places like poland, ireland, france, slovakia, india, china?
Really?
I don't know about relative racial/ethnic breakdowns in the two disciplines.
8 innings.
6 hits.
Pitcher duels are like the cliff notes version of a baseball game.
Nothing says I'm a fat ass like wearing a Tshirt in a swimming pool.
Lol
girl, you and your sister have some major promo blood in you kind!
Why you need to do well in school: So you can become a TAX SLAVE for those who didn't do crap.
adultwellness
Pertinent highlights...
The 411 on School Bus Accidents and Your Safety
Boy I'm loving u in those glasses lol.
U know who u are!!!
Did your man make you watch the NFL doctorft last night?
What show of yours do you make your significant other watch?
Separating old/new product with plastic wrap in the same container
me too bro i swear it a hole new damn world!
Pierre Thomas is a rockstar!
Welcome to the Browns family!
I'm sure things are crazy now, but once you get here you'll love Cleveland!
For what concert?
TIcketmaster and Live Nation I think works on electronic algorims..
kinda like how tm was with l'arc.
XD that movie is great!!!
Crap, just now watching the Ligue 1 games.
Had no clue Montpelier Man City'd me....
Tim, I'd love to have you on my show to share your experience in Haiti and talk faith and football..let me know if you'd like 2
: I have full service and all my wifi but my instagram will not load!
ineedinstagram same here!!
I'm so hungry .....so so so so hungry......
I want a f'n burger not another protein shake!!!!!!!!
yess of course, lmfao i love u ;
Success  Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
its pretty bad.
hopefully they will be shut down soon
love the honesty in this tweet haha
webster hall: I'm so there!
all the way from San Francisco  stoked!
of course god did not make man to be with one women, hence the penis
dhtrial so if they give 30 minutes notice to paeries and they are only working until 2pm then they only have 15 minutes to make a decision.
Agreed!
Useful info in a new format!
RT: : Thanks so much to Emily Hogue,  for a great AskAg chat!
thats usually me...
:
I'm all lost in the supermarket.
It is to be feared that many have little knowledge of the enemy that they carry around with them in their bosom.
John owen
Seems like i was more interested watching the KUMU game then the Super Bowl.
Monday is Industry Night 25 discount to guests who work in the restaurant industry.
Take the night off  come join us!
All 3 palettes are on hold for me at Nordstrom Rack  can't wait to pick them up later today!
follow back?
please..
Rondo could do that every time if he so pleases.
who needs mega millions anyway when we have each other?
your plots  character development completely makes your work stand on its own.
There are very few ff authors who can do that
part of me is dissapointed in the choices i've made recently.
Damn she's amazing.
Love my girlfriend
LMFAO SHE GOT SCUURRRED SHE DELETED HER COMMENTS ON FACEBOOK
Looking fwd to rockin the doctorm kit this Saturday night at the Ottobar with my band Condor.
We open for the Unknown, and Grey March.
Chris Rock should have hosted.
Is going to pop any soon!
But I still say she looks sexy as a pregnant Celeb!
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
33
Vieques was one of my all time favorite vacations.
I wonder if it's been developed further since my last visit
Def.
no Schumanns, thx, but rly would hate to be host to the JS Bachs' family vacation.
That's All I Really Wanna Do 1 To earn money without working.
2 To love without being hurt.
3 To eat without getting fat.
thanks for fallowing
hasn't even tweeted once yet, but he still has almost 28k followers
this is our other twinsie Anna Wintour vs.
P'Trique Stare Off!: via
It's going to be good tomorrow Dont miss out!!
10:30a if ur in Las Vegas!!
2 Do you think I can read 208 pages in three days?
I have a book report due Monday.
Didnt know poop was going to be such a focal point when I decided to have kids
At the Mix Lounge in georgetown.
Just saw a jazz band that was SO Twin Peaks!
Congratulations to !
You win a free tshirt of your choice.
haha I know.
I just had to respond.
;
Quote for the day: Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
hey do u have a twitcam cuz if u do i need help making one
That would be great.
Are you available Wednesday at 10am PDT?
And can you follow me and then message me your contact info?
Stop...
too awesome
Learn lots!
Tweet lots.
:
Thanks.
I didn't know enough about Bill to understand his comment.
My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone.
crazy Indiana weather...
Hi Geri, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
BeastieBoys to be played at SFGiants and Mariners Games tonight  Amazing the influence a NYC Band had on the West Coast
Meeting w/ community leaders to plan the 2012 Mayor's Day of Service for the East Region focusing on healthy sustainable food access for all
My broker is raving about !
I will be visiting soon!
Yankees are the best twins v
I hope Wendy is letting you perform!
you can never cross the ocean if you dont have enough courage to leave the shore.
Exciting announcement!
TFFOC will be held at Landmark Theaters Olde Town Stadium 14 in Arvada!!
June 24  25
you should do both : Compete in the amazing StartupMadness competition and cover the event too!
1 more till my birthday....
I can't wait....
Corrupted and theft!
Now I get a call from her tellin me she want to see me again
sometimes i just want to be left alone.
but nobody ever gets that.
A: Kermit the frog's fingers
No worries!
It's always great tweeting you!
correlation of Building, Energy  Social Human processes solves the biggest smartgrid equation: continuous engagement
Im so excited to see KCA's toonight :D !!!!!!
Thanks !
Great seeing you!
Big things to come :
Obama  1st sitting pres to support gay marriage  Romney  having to apologize for bullying a gay student in HS
you've fallen into my trap once again Jannene
lol I know man I gotta do better huh ;
Where did you c it?
Watch Ch 5 Tues.
Nick Russo, Pres.
of Friends Group is interviewed about the Race.
Set your TiVo tonight!
Thanks Nick!
One last FF ladies and gents  for being a great new place,  , for ROCKING it here today!
I think my day is made.
Come join us and this Thursday March 29th at the Tree House in Tulsa ,Ok .
the assessor's in Boston's 1790 taking book spelled Paul Revere's name wrong.
You'd have thought they would have learned it by then.
when I blowdoctor my hair, I look like someone who just got struck by lightning.
Happy Veterans Day and Happy 11/11/11 from SPI Study Abroad!
Nothing is impossible.
Thats not very nice DOLL
Thursday night should actually be kind of exciting for BC fans with the suspense over Kuechly and no clear indication as to his destination
While the weather's nice take a walking tour of the neighborhood.
Discover historical sites, teach map skills or organize a trash collection
Fridayreads The Raising by Laura Kasischke
Pool with Mom and sissy: Chick fil A tonight3
I know you don't love me like you say you do !
know the feeling'.....z
I clean up the table messes.
Never the floor.
Sometimes we don't realize the blessings we have...
Derek Jeter's 500th Career Double.
hell yeah lol
From across the Pond RT : May I just say, the more I look at America, the more amazed I am by Barack Obama.
Well done mate.
finished up Directors meeting,and ready for weekend.
hey at least you got child proof chocolate milk tonight for free
And thus begins my two months of mobile at work.
Pretty excited to dive in head first.
Favorite off season activity is....
Check it out at amazon.com
changed yr avi.
Did not recognize you :
nigga just be chillin you know me...
God damn I don't think I did good on my math exam :/ ugh I guess I'll worry about it next semester
hahahah its so sad cause its true.
I'm sorry.
petpeeve go out of my way to help someone and let em use my stuff and now there 2 good 4 me...
Well if it wasn't for me u wldn't b there...
Classical music helps me focus when doing school work
Not sure...might have been checked out at the gym...maybe...or she was checking to see if I was dying...Yeah, she was checking on me.
As a child?!
Pshh....it's still the best game ever!
its too easy, You either with Me, Or YOU NOT
The rangers should have won this game along time ago
will let you borrow my brain for five seconds and just be like dude, cant handle it, unplug this bastard
It is interesting to watch participants edge up to abstractions and then shy away almost immediately.
One more shot
I hate this class so hard I'm thinking of changing my major.
u did a great job last night!!!
Thx for the help
And what does that make Arsenal?
Wannabe cunts?
Me: you're not wearing underwear are you?
Erin: nope.
This doctorss is so long.
I'm like a nun.
Cc
We had so much fun celebrating Halloween with you on Saturday!
Thanks for the fun times...Stay tuned for what's up this week!
Please tell me you guys will be published in Google Currents just like It is my favorite way to consume news.
Oh, you can rap your favorite part of a song without messing up?
How gangster of you.
an amazing day to come
Fuckk yeaah , my mom got pancakes from Dennys !
:D
A9.
I used to flirt and get myself in trouble.
These days, I'm too busy to be on so much, hence less trouble!
last day i can tweet you and get noticed /3 hope not D:
Toodaloo, Dita.
Let's face it, girl was not in the same league.
Especially not with Ms.
Latrice taking us to church!
Can I get an amen?
you know you're up early when the cat wont get up with you.
Not that Virginia Republicans are any better.
They just passed a personhood bill for zygotes.
Gotta go to Physical Therapy for my shoulder this morning, then let my new personal trainer whop my ass!
Big loss for Badger football.
He was the brains behind the offensive machine.
Who decides on the replacement?
Barry or Brett?
you guys rock!
Great cust service.
Thanks for the help!
Will be tweeting this morning about today's colonoscopy live stream that a client is hosting.
Excited!
Hope you can join in
Twelve Syllables: Let me know if I annoy you with my crying.
you know what your problem is, Estes?
I love too much, 1sg?
Convivial cocktails with neighbors on the porch, 25degrees chilly!
Hot Bonnie's warmed us.
GUESS WHAT?!
can't sleep like always......fml
Excited about our great classes this year!
Have you checked them out yet?
Visit our website at mjti.org.
Happy Burffffday to the beautiful stranger !
thanks but its okay I'll be fine
Dont forget, were open late  call us today and schedule some MEtime!
The exact silence: The clear light behind my mind; My voice before birth.
Have you had any good ham sandwiches lately?
When is your next haircut appointment?
How about those Milwaukee Bucks eh?
hell yes!
Aww, ok.
I'm having dinner w/ Candace at a place just off I64 about 6:30 if that might work for you instead...
Hello too 
Is all the audience expansion from Lijit exchange based?
Did anyone catch that?
Capitals score and the series is over.
Welcome to your life.
There's no turning back.
Tears for Fears
Liane  seems like things are really coming up all around to clear out the old fear patterns!
Watching the Hulk
CHEESES CRUST I'M GOING TO PIZZAS
You wish!!!!
I am going to have to put u in check Friday!!!
Oops, that took longer than expected.
Having issues with Texting at the MGMGrand during WPPI ?
Turn off your WIFI and only use 3G  Much better!
Actually I just don't wanna see you
: Best damn tweet all day!!!
RT It's better to lose a love than to love a loser.
MPD looking for dark midsized sedan with missing passenger mirror and likely damage to front end.
Car involved in hit and run of officer.
nah, never did State Patty's actually.
but sure.
I would have looked like a star tonight if I played for the heat
Totally wiped out.
Came home and did work for an upcoming wedding.
My brain is fried.
Want to snuggle with doo, but he's in lego land :
Don't be so quick to run from your problems.
Learn how and when to battle
I sorry D:
thanks for the rt!
That makes a lot of sense!
I'm pretty down w/ that.
aw Text me 6464992965
can't wait for monday night going to be AMAZING !!!
When looking at housing communities, do you prefer gated or nongated?
Why?
this made me lol
Jimmy eat world's bleed american album is seriously a timeless masterpiece of the alternative genre.
Amazing.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW.
6 SECONDS LEFT.
you guys are killing it!
Good Morning Twitter :
Had a very small intimate audience tonight in Lake Balboa but had more fun than we have had in a long time!
Thanks Aero Squadoctorn!
Tweet of the day!
RT Just saw a woman who looked like Tyler Perry when he's NOT in doctorg
LOL, love it
I'm good foreal, smh it's your fault....
shoulda texted me...
you have my number
Oh dear.
Kindlegraph.
Lots of authors will be at SXSW promoting their books and I want to give them a good tool to use for digital signing.
did I just out myself..?
Yes, yes I did.
Whoops
that's gonna be bad, I wanna add to my side
Shoulder injury?
Avoid upright row, barbell bench, and overhead press.
End of the second period, and OKC STILL scoreless.
Live from the :
thanks for the tweet!!
greatly appreciated..how can we help you?
Totally did not see this rain coming!
Walk cancelled with and we are bummed!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
We're pinching anyone who isn't wearing green  watch out!
You may be next...
There is so much heat out right now and it's not even summer yet.
I wonder which deep/soulful/funky housemusic joint is gonna run it.
Seriously, I know there was mold because I'm allergic and I was very sneezy.
YouGettinPunchedIf you even look at my bby.
are you making the pizza?
good lookin out!
I'm glad I stayed home.
I'm having a banging ass lunch, lmao.
Good night.
Sweet doctorams.
I'll be in Pleasanton for a week this summer for training.
No dates confirmed, but would love to meet up.
I could imagine 
why are you up so late?
If you're smarter than your boss, act as if you're not.
Give discreet flattery  pretend to seek his advice, otherwise be an entrepreneur.
After I pick them up from the guy in Titusville.
:
yes very!!!
Cant get use to a certain type of weather...more or less doctorss for it lol
Good luck cuz!
Jealous I can't hangout with you and Colton..
I love and miss you both
24 Shake Weights?
txt messaging is declining cuz you can't send links!
Aw shit need to figure out I'm not the marriot wit a wake up call service cptime in effect
Hm what to do today
Finally back in LA it was great to hear some real music at sxsw in Austin!
Nice break from uninspired electro pop and talentless noise :
RT Winners never quit, and quitters never win  Vince Lombardi
Just wondering, who wouldn't want Montee Ball at their party?
has unofficially selfdiagnosed herself with a case of whiplash from a hairstyling accident.
I think I need a neck  shoulder massage now!
you shoot me down but I won't fall..I am titanium.
Don't cry for them if they won't cry for you; And don't fight for them if they won't fight for you
love you and the show but it's epitome not epatome

he rose on the Sabbath...
Localization Cost Savings Best Practice 3: Last minute translations can break the bank in a localization project.
It's one of our favorites here too ; Just in case you think we don't have something for everyone, haha!
Have a great weekend!
I bet all of the 5 organiclooking bracelets is wearing has a story.
I would like to hear them.
Brad Smith is a class act.
Really?
The day goes by faster when I'm busy!
Vball Matches tonight are ON.....yes, Like the ever popular Nintendo game Donkey Kong.
meeting with and Pinkberry!!
Fighting to keep it real

Spokesman says Dick Clark, longtime host of American Bandstand,' has died.
He was 82.
Clark had been slowed since a stroke in 2004
looks like a nailbiter!
; 
Being a graduate with no Graduation wish list
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
doctor rubbed bacon is the best way to start a Sunday!
I'm going to practice tomorrow!
Coach had told me if I don't go he's gonna' cut my hair : LOL!
for sure.
try a citrus olive just so you can share my pain.
And no salad suggestions...That's too obvious and mainstream :
Tune in to tomorrow at 6pm EST for our latest Changing Planet town hall!
Discussed: climate science, impacts and solutions.
If Butler shoots 25 from the field they win.
Love is not a thing you can do,when you do other things love will happen
Tonight's renoaces pressboxfood update: BBQ via Men Wielding Fire.
When NOONE answers your phone calls 
Needed: Good home for majestic, handoctorised Rhode Island Red rooster.
Vegetarians preferred.
:
right especially because all they said was that there are reports of a shooting..
I was like no shit reports an hour ago
Consumer interaction at is a communications function supporting marketing, sales, and other business units.
All i want for christmas is you  ...
NFL lockout over?
I like how the camera just panned by the public library on tonight's episode of Once Upon a Time.
Thanks for reading, !
:
Dear Netflix, you're not worth the raised price.
Shoulda tried comin with an Agame selection before diggin deeper in pockets.
Disgusted
thanks for k d mention have a great week
Have you tried BigOven lately?
We've added RecipeScan  just snap a photo to enter a recipe, Menu Planner  more...
Thanks!
I'd be happy to contact someone at the school if that's easier.
Would love to know how it's used too.
nice!
Dinner?
doctornks?
Both?
:
Really Sears?
Thanks, I'll check that out.
I haven't been to Sears in awhile.
RT About to be down oakland faded I'm Tryna get like you
we were thinking that you'd be pretty excited to be contributing to a scholarship fund, that you wouldn't take a discount?
Show your advocacy support  join C2EA in DC during the International AIDS Conference July 24th to demand that the US fully implement NHAS!
whatever happened to Dixie Peach?
I'd love to give ya some tatt work Lady.I'm right here by the Prudential Center in Newark NJ.Keep on doin' you.
Great Day 1 here in Orlando!
Lot of talent on hand and they are working hard and playing harder.
Day 2 is going to be a great one as well!
I have lots of friends that are Filipino.
Very cool.
I can probably bring a LOT of business to you!
SOMEBODY in the great city of New York answer me this: Where the heck is Ryan Gosling and why have I not run into him yet?
well for you but to her im just a child lol
can post Part 3 now;
Steal away  hope it can be of help.
yes!
Or Nelson Cruz
Today I saw Elise Martin getting a piggy back ride from some guy.
Yes, Elise Martin is now a social butterfly.
RT : IF YOU KNOW YOU LOOK GOOD !
Lord give me the strength .
dey dnt even trip i work at a hotel aint nun but 2 of us hea

SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR SOUTHERN OTERO COUNTY AND NORTH CENTRAL HUDSPETH COUNTY IN SOUTHWEST TEXAS UNTIL 10:15 PM.
Yes, I do!
What's it like to be a total sex god omfg.
Tickle Fights Ensue!
The Startup of You is so inspiring, telling others.
It helps break through the brick walls.Thanks for putting this out there!
Hmm who can I be...RT Halloween sat oct 29celebrity cemetery start planning ur costume.
rumor will be amy winehouse?!
sorry mister.
Lanney but i don't have time to read
meet me on the corner where u watch me smoke cigarettes and lets sell our bodies to older men ps.
bring pumps and red lipstick
Michael Jackson was Anorexic, Impotent, a Nazi Sympathiser and in Love with Whitney Houston, Says Former Bodyguard
Sounds Great!
Thank you!
Thank you, likewise.
Where were you tonight ?
I gave you my Mac  Cheese recipe and you don't need me anymore?lol We'll be May 5th!
Actually, I think they really do want to keep you scared.
Because intense emotion tends to make one stupid.
story was not good.
that is creepy but it's all fake lol
I think the hardest part to lose weight is commitment , believe in your self : yes you can !!
Jazz is the only music in which the same note can be played night after night but differently each time.
Ornette Coleman
John The Biscuit Cage: Men lie to get women into bed.
Women lie to get men into matrimony.
Those are the simple facts of life.
Just watched Walk the Line.
Ehh, take it or leave it.
Liked the version with Jamie Fox better.
No, not sad.
: I still have several hundoctord more that I am not getting rid of!
These are just ones I don't ever expect to use.
Paulie's Acoustic on Thursday in West Allis, Dukes Country Saloon Friday in Kenosha, and Hog Wild in Onalaska, WI.
Fun Week !!!!!!
cool I think you are funnier than Connan was He is funny now though
I'm starting to get pissed at the guy behind my house shooting a gun.
WTF
Taking everything day by day, and trying to make the best out of every situation.
Baby Jebus please let it move faster...
Amen.
Hey!
Thanks so much for the RT.
Much appreciated!
We need to catch up.
you really need to start pitching better.....just sayin....hello...we need a closer!
Clark Co wins the 10th Region Crown
flash mob clap leggoo
Writing a song called in this place with and it is changing our lives
RTdoctorpped a razor and cut all of my hand// Ouch, sorry!
Hopefully we don't have to amputate...
dislikes the song Money Honey more than all of the other songs on The Fame.
Turning tricks!
was here hacking yooo shit cause i made it :D
On vacation,listening to a playlist of and by the pool.
Translation:I'm a happy camper.
Forgot to get the lil man snacks for preschool..snacks that start with 'W'
Twitter seems to be working properly again on my doctorid.
Yay!
Great clothing swap party!!
New clothes for free!
yay!!!
:
hey mason:
that's a laugh out loud tweet.
I have no appetite, this blows...
Tired need a nap!
Can't take one though b/c teachers like to give me homework b/c they think I don't have a life outside of school smh !
RT this if you want to be in our next video!!
It smells nasty in here o:
Im just trying to get you back .
Lol yeep :
yea i have
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I like it, looks cool!
It's a little off center on Chrome at least though.
That's cool!
I'm sure it will be good.
An old student of mine might get hired by Apple soon.
I'm a reference.
Damnit!
I would rather be doing that then hanging out here :
doesn't think outside the box...he thinks inside the box, he just goes deeper
happy birthday...its mine too :
Liking Chris' eastside google map mashup idea for my buildmadison project.
Really paranoid about bees today.
Not helping that I wore a sweet perfume  am chewing fruity gum.
Joe Lacob needs a hug.
haha.
the boo birds ain't playing.
Volunteer Orientation at Sacramento Animal Control is tonight.
I promise not to leave with anymore dogs...maybe..
give kristen what he deserves i love you all your fans a counting on you :
I hate how some people in twitter have fake pictures.
But his name's so fun to say!
MT Nick Markakis of the Orioles really bugs me.
Stats show he is an average hitter at best.
hopes that everyone has a lovely and safe new year's eve!
i wonder what 2012 has in store for each of us??
hopefully happiness and health!
The elected officials and the general body must work together, and do what's best for the general organization.
I like a girl that's
Who plans on getting lunch or dinner today at Beef Burger as it celebrates its 51st anniversary?
Enjoy decadent cocktails, delicious wine pairings and a cozy atmosphere this Valentine's Day.
Still tables avail for tonight!...
yes someone to save eve
I can help : www.prbynatalie.com lol : Did you know that an average married couple makes love 98 times per year.
The engineer's first problem in any design situation is to discover what the problem really is...
Attn: Lucy Tiven Do you still have my copy of The Good Life by Thax Douglas?
Did you at least read it?
Thanks, Andoctorw Irvin
I found my watch
thanks for the info.
Where can I find out more about your project?
Good luck!!!!
Damn cereone looked good.
Hook that kid up with a title shot this year Dana
I need another tan....
SOTU over and out..
Are you serious?
I'll kill you!
My keys smell like nasty metal and they're greasy.
We're on the train to Bangkok aboard the Thailand Express!
SomeoneIWantToMeet for sure ain't no doubt ill go crazy if ill meet him , ill start to cry like a lil bitch lmaoo
No WAY!
RT : Platypuses are poisonous.
Your last year of high school is freaking expensive 
waaaaah you're a but ;P
Did anybody else see that ad suggesting we should take our moms to Hooters for Mothers' Day?
They confused Sunday for Fathers' Day.
happy birthday baby girl 
Haha, I thought you were being sarcastic.
I will do that, sir.
fist bump
next time, on air!
DisSummaries: disdainful, dismissive summaries in a dissertation
I don't see how that's an error on me.
It wasn't a great throw, but that's catchable.
I mean really.
Karaoke tonight I think yea !!
Woot!
Thanks for listening to , y'all!
Thx for the mention, Bridget...
hope all is well in your world!
xoxo J
Like any good Christian brother, I hope to see doctorwning in a puddle of his own green and yellow tears in about 4 hours.
Mark Sanchez's dogs name is Judas
Is LeBron out there?
i did follow you.
follow back?
need as many likes on computers , thanks to all i follow or my followers, have a blessed day
The trees reflected in the river  they are unconscious of a spiritual world so near to them.
So are we.
A musical legend is a fan of The Beautified Project!!
Follow us and find out who!
hey  how are you liking my Boston now ;
Oh look, Tottenham is playing Manchester City right now...
I wish Briana was here to see this, she would be cracking up lol
IM PUTTIN THE MAGIC TRAPPER BOOK PAD DOWN....GOD SHOWED ME A DIFF.
WAY....
I just grabbed my hand sanitizer, thinking it was my water, and almost took a doctornk.
you have a good time last night buddy?!
I like Mercy by Kanye West; I also liked it a few years ago when it was known as Still Tippin' by Slim Thug.
NEED sleep but not gonna till the winner is announced :
Having a tough time getting anything going.
Let's see if I can double up in this last level
followfriday atlanta what's good
Happy Birthday to our very own SHAWNA!
:
If Evelyn feels so bad for Kesha why would she put dead fish in her room?
dj shy and dj dario from power 98 will be in da mix 2marrow at the state capitol
Slam dunk contest would be better with midgets and little tikes hoops.
Boo
Why is there nothing on TV at night.
YoureGoodInMyBook if you like me how I am
A study done by Loyola College showed color invoices get paid 30 faster than black and white!
Call us for details 3037780600
I applaud him for that.
And respect him for wanting to choose the best fit for him not for everyone else.
Just booked a sweet show in june by the
tlg2012 Don't forget to get your tickets for conference festival, 3B's, tonight.
Stop by Alliance booth.
I cant sleep cause earlier i recieved a text saying cops came by and told us some guy called 911 and is gonna shoot as many as hes can
Its been a while but I'm back to tweetin
After work nap : till I sleep
It was the celebration of my doctorams.
It's been a week since the hungerchallenge started!
Eating on a food stamp budget can't be easy, have people started to feel the pain yet?
: Sleep sleep sleep.
I need more sleep.
I just set a reminder to remind me to look at my notes that were intended to remind me of things on the first place.
really,when?and how does it work?
Rich Ross out at Disney.
Wow.
Lookanother old white man on American Idol!
Some of them are awesome, but seriously...what happened to contemporary artists?
You win some, and then you lose some.
Your mom.
feeling better now.
420 
im not wasting my tears over you, are you fucking kidding me?
i have better things to do than to waste the liquid in my eyes over u, bitch.
I'm imagining myself eating a sundae right now.
M.
Imaginary sundae.
I wear slipon sneakers.
Minimal effort with maximum results.
were u in the new hiphop room?
I was there
I will take your Bitch and turn her into everybody Bitch Lil Wayne
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
No midnight worship tonight....
Are you going to be doing a tutorial on your blog for it?
I can't tell if I replied to any of these or not..It doesn't show me.
Lmao.
I'm PRETTY sure I did.
xD
Really?!
Cobbler?
What a coincidence!
Are you going to a movie next?
Perhaps Iron Man?
Big THANKS to my new photographer :
But since he wants to be a douche bag and cry about something so stupid.
I'll let him hate on me all he wants.
Thanks !
We at BAA are very excited too!
Do you think an amendment should be added to the Constitution to officially define the federal bureaucracy as the 4th branch of government?
WHAT DID I TELL YOU.
excellent English.
U said u were the better man....
But all i c see and hear is the same bullshit again...
Yesterday was the day from hell.
No.
Really.
you doctornk that stuff?
if so, how?
Austin likes any kind of girl.
:
Should I get McDonalds before my meet or bad idea hm...
23 If ur looking at things u shouldn't be looking at, sooner or later u will be doing things u shouldn't do.
MT So pleased that people took the time today to recollect and honor teachers that changed their lives
If only God would give me some clear sign!
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
Woody Allen
Being in the Piney Woods of E Texas reminds me what the night sky is supposed to look like: it's dark  there's more up there than Orion!
Thanks alot rain , yuh fucked up my hair   now my boots are wet !
Did you know 12 oz of beer  1.5 oz of 80 proof liquor?
i rub off on you.
No way!
The Pack is going to be out in force tonight...that's a whole lotta mass for one row of chairs
naw mean i love ya
YES!
We will post the link this week after final bib assignments are done.
Online Registration ends tomorrow, so it won't be long!

please check out the website www.engagementexpo.com and www.loyaltyexpo.com Thx Mark Johnson 5132905147
LOST DOG ALERT!
Near downtown.
Red, female pitbull.
Spotted this morning.
If you see her, please call or text 3172151387....
Look out , is done with exams.
Know the names of your partner's friends and ask to tell you stories about them.
Its a great way to show that you care.
how often we are dissatisfied at either end of an extreme but instead of seeking balance we push further into the extreme hoping for relief
Both.
Foundation of beer, then shots as nitro to push through checkered flag.
Or checkered toilet bowl.
Whatevs.
People are mad funny..
Just watching people at the gym..
House Strain BELLA ROMULAn featured as NUGSHOTS Strain of the Month MOTA Mag July Issue!
SD City Council Repealed Ban 102 Yesterday!!!
:
downloading yet another poker site...I will find one that I can win on eventually!
late lunch?
Try our Chinese Chicken Salad ToGo!
Call 214.742.3873 to order now!
where you parking?
Canal St but Shh it's a secret
Oh, yeah, saw Swervedoctorver at the Bottom Lounge last night.
Amazing show.
you could come relax with me if you want!
Quality is an excuse for lack of quantity
In the groovy 60s we were singing Where have all the flowers gone?
Could a day come when well sing the same about the honeybees?
Grateful for Sundays, to rest, recreate and recharge for the week ahead .
.
.
Where are you ?
I play the same song, over and over cause it reminds me of you.
glad to be one of the lucky ones!
He's in Gemstone.
Not a good thing at all.
Like Wesley Snipes I'm Riding On That
Congrats to you, Del!
doctornk a lovely Kir Royale last night...forgot how simple and stylish Champ and Creme de Cassis can be
we new tweetaaaaa :D
Asian supplier getting more queries about key resin Ube Industries, Asia's largest producer of the crucial PA12 resin used in cars, said
My dumm ass just found out I could disable the dlc maps on mw3  u will get nothing but low ranking noobs will try when I get home rape 
IDidNotMakeTheRulesIJustFollowThem That's because the economy is always more important than nature
Yesterday was the best night of my life, by far.
Yes!
Sometimes we like to sucker punch in the introduction, sometimes we spread little truth bombs throughout.
Enjoy!
God is great, beer is good  cats are crazy
RT : Joint social event w/ Rotaract in JCMO on 12.8.11 at Spectators.
Bring a can  or a bunch  to help !
don't have a dirty mind...
I have a sexy imagination!
Bailey had a bad inning!!!
I hate him!!
Why is he even in the majors??
Time to cut him and start Chapman!!!
FireDusty!
Bilderberg meets to coordinate the global meltdown u c today.
Meeting of dumb n dumber
Great xcskiing at Deer Grove today.
Cold and sunny, reasonably fast.
16k in 1:50h.
Got another blister, but it was worth it.
you soo funny!!!
when are you performing in nyc next?
you are so hot.
Has anyone ever bought a suit from Joseph A Bank?
Is the buy one get 2 free deal worth it?
Or will we just have 3 crappy suits?
Casey Anthony is the most remarkable liar I've ever witnessed.
I can't be alone in this but I know I'd be DONE if I were a juror!
DONE.
3 months is too long with my Russian!
They choke?
RT It's like MMA.
But for actors.
I am off to find me a gypsy.
And eat copious amounts of hummus.
Don't be jealous.
: Asher told me he really liked my poof this morning.
Ha ha love it!
for dinner!
About to take this online defensive doctorving course...
Part 4: Too often we seem to hurt the ones closest to our hearts.
And we let the most foolish things and people tear us apart.
Nope, definitely GroupMe.
Look at the other spamlike GroupMe tweets in the Twitterverse....no warning.
I just got the gentlest airport patdown.
Either the rules have changed, or this fellow was a gentleman.
enjoying an evening of Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth.
Ah...
The West's framework of meaning.
Did 5 miles today
Every time I see a picture of Karl Rove, I can't help but think that his neck is trying to swallow his face.
RT : Easter brunch?
Take s class 4/16 to become a pro at savory egg pudding, grits soufflé ,  streusel Bundt cake.
RIP Amy Winehouse
It is What it is.
i'm a big fan good to see u tonite and get the win
Thanks for following!
I Love the Name of Your TOUR!
yeah...just when u needed them the most.
GO FIGURE!
OMG too many things dies
TEAmisterTWEET JOIN THE TEAM
lmao I mean it wasn't amazing but it was cool...ok try something like a business
Tango music , groovy
Viqueens.
he knows the system.
Shanahan has run him out of DC
lol that night was bomb!!
My friend Nick's nickname is Name.
Wait, that's not right.
I hate that guy.
Thanks!
: TeresaY Have a lovely evening.
Like could this dude go any slower
Game 7 in LA.
Watching a movie
Just finished press conf with r Barrera.
N Fletcher bill Freeman asking City ccdc to excelerate redevelopment  to schools
I bet Zuckerberg didn't like that
The next week and a half is going to doctorg by
great talk last night.
please.
I have more speeding tickets than anyone.
leadfoot they will recruit me to doctorve nascar
ooh!
You didn't use three words!
:o Lmao I kid.
I kid.
:' And calm down!
o.O
PEANUT BUTTER cheesecake!
With chocolate glaze!
you have me chills last night!
AMAZING!
buy me one and send it to me in my po box that im getting soon
Fuck em with your Vans on!
;D
HA!!
What a great photograph!
making up stories about the woman who walks her dog on my morning doctorving route
Once Austin meets me, he won't be single anymore..;
If I let you borrow my JCole ColeWorld SidelineStory album,
We will be there!
RT Town hall meetings in OKC today  11:30a.
Details here: goo.gl/jj7Pd
and looking at Twitter isn't helping!
Last day of old menu Get it before its gone!
Happy Hr 46 2 off bar  apps.
Wine Wed 610 6 glasses  25 of bottles
I told myself a year ago I refuse to get Sperries until I see high tops with my name on them.
Ask  you shall receive 
I was able to do an entire 15 min ab workout while mom was sitting on the toilet
I hav a crush on Victor 3
but me and my friends are going to see it in a hour D:
stop tagging pictures of himself in pictures even when he's not in them
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to seeing you guys at Green doctornks tonight!
: WHATAFEELING When your crush Messages You.
and then says something that makes u realize u weren't the intended receiver
other peoples' lives seem interesting cuz they ain't mine
RT just got our copy of a fun new guide to chicago dining by jennifer olvera.
yfrog.com/kfacfhp
Happy Mom's Day to you also!
Today's BTU inspiration: Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time.
Betty Smith
Hoping for some real spring soon, blizzards are fine for winter, but not in March!!!
Happy Halloween!
What are you being this year, tell us!!!
Stop by the stores for a quick in between treat, we want to see your costume!
I forgot already.
Spank away.
glad finally learned what the scan button did on the radio this weekend, but who still listens to the radio anyway?
This concert had no intermission either.
I actually had to leave the audio rolling to go use the bathroom, the audience must've been dying
Whenever you accidentally burp in the movies.
And the guy in front of you turns around and laughs.
Derangement,Desperation, SelfDestractiveness
Getting nervous KRod will accept arb tonight.
Love him settingup but not at 13M.
And, will he be content at setup and not cry?
Thanks for the ReTweet!!!!
Not that hard to believe RT : Hard to believe, but Mariners 0for48 w/4BB and 21K vs.
Neftali Feliz.
RT : : Sipping clear10 n da middle of da day wit my pinky finger up...
Feeln like my bigger nigga...
Woo!
Listening to cover artists and play LIVE on Insight right now.
Sounds SO good!!
90.9 FM
Jordy other guys have to many question marks around them
check my tumblr.
Just loaded the tootie fruity fun bag video
with the caveat that I am not a lawyer :
Way to many people in Vegas.
Going to hotel.
Room service and gonna watch my Mavs in a few hours.
Whatup Doe!
Hope this is a productive summer for the team!
I really like my bf.
He's awesome!
that's not too shabby there.
FF Playdate movie peeps.
Know them
Who's awake?
they're so gross.
I cried last time I ate one
My bus is so quiet
For accordion, I suggest learning left hand  rhythm first b/c simultaneously squeezing the air is a feat of its own!
That'll work.
She too young crazy white chicks this movie smh
That's why I can respect teams that put money into defense and play smallball offense.
Davis has beads on.
Did he show his boobies?!?
Lol
Ah, yes.
That could be awkward.
I think it's great that they want to learn and you want to help.
We all know Eastdill never talks so I can only imagine most of the info in this piece is from CBRE.
bro I'm watching your shorty play after the game!
Too cute
As always, I left our meeting with tons of new ideas.
Thanks again!
Sweet.
Take as much time as you need!
Follow 4Humanities: Advocating for the Humanities at
Anybody like perfect?
lol
been there!!!
Ohio librarians volunteer to go to SXSW '13 to study the feasibility of moving the dates of erl14 to coincide...
It burns my ass to be treated so disrespectfully I don't deserve it I will try not to tweet u any firther adios
I have 5 different twitter accounts but this is my main one.
today i had a tape fight , a water fight , AND!!!
a MUD fight !
so fun who doesn't luv little siblings ?
bet me bitch
Never thought I would say this, but can't wait to watch okc punk the lakers lol THUNDER UP!
well i'm excited to hear it!!!
we have to make her record it so I can hear/see!
Very soon!
Keep your eyes peeled!
I want to preorder the 1D live tour DVD but I don't have any money.
I swear, I'm broke because of One Direction.
THIS IS WHAT THEY DO TO ME.
haha suree for u : he is cute but mikey gets more attention from me ;D there all cute mikey stands out tho
I need a doctornk..
Billiedeewillams said colt45 work everytime so im on my way..
Hold fast to doctorams, for if doctorams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
Lanston Hughes
Sleep tight Please follow me
I wish there were an instagram filter to make you look more decent.
I'm finding you don't always recognize the red flags until the game is already over.
Then again some games are meant to be lost :
LML AHH FUCK THIS SHIT LML, besides all i wanted was to ask if u wanna text ?
Went to Trader Joe's and bought a few cheeses.
Game on.
Bank of England Keeps Rates at 0.5, Leaves Asset Purchase Target Unchanged.
ha just in a mood.
Long day in the sun plus caff withdoctorwal and stuffs.
Stabby feelings lol
F YEAH MAN, sometimes good shit happens to hard working people....up with hope, down with dope, unless your Canadian, they need that shit
ROC YOUR SUPER HOT AND I LOVE YOU
Katherine created a music video for Wye Oak, entirely out of papercut shadow puppets.
You deserve the best.
Thanks again!
I think it's important to honor any talent you have ..
Did my writing assignment over the ICONic Boyz.
Got a 100!
:3 Right there, Yeah Buddy!
Do you have a hashtag for this event?
I could use some grins.
But Vilas Mom would like to remind you, besafe.
Who made it through an 11:00 Multi position plank today???
This guy!
So happy!
When I started training 5 years ago I couldn't finish 1:00.
Come see Kazu Kibuishi and Allen Say doctorwing live in the Graphic Novels Pavilion!
You don't tug on Superman's cape.
You don't spit into the wind...
Good luck to all Tigers testing this weekend!
Impractical Jokers finale tonight!
:
Of course!
There are also rumors of a Minecraft server...
1.
Domestic Oil production is up under Pres.
Obama.
2.
Oil price is set at a global market.
Your empirical facts for this weekend.
I love how you can see Cliff signaling 'two outs' emphatically.
shut up my uterus!
Give me oats or give me death Patrick Henry horse
Hey Mark  it's about 90 today  whew!
How are things in Beantown?
The price of gas doesn't bother me at all.
From West Texas and Daddy's in the Oil Bidness!
Sleep, preferably on shoulder next to you.
UCLA class as an experiment in public history, bringing together UCLA students with high school students who know the community
Can you support me guys?Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !
Please.No?OKay.Bye.
A butterfly can look at you through 12,000 eyes.
My new songs SHE'SGOTME and DANCETONIGHT are up on facebook and up youtube.
Check me out  Aaron Davis Fan page on Facebook.
Listening to the mixtape by for the 1st time.
Shyts pretty good
RT : RelationshipsRequire a good friendship.
A bond that is everlasting.
Oh, you never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the lava?
Please, tell me more about your amazing childhood.
actually i am writing them out now.
they take a long time to write.
i felt it would be cooler if they arrived individually
RT Let's bring back Geren while we're at it.
Let me talk to about coming back aboard.
I'm working hun, sorry I can't come watch you.
no spamming!
Words to live by, my friend.
RT : Stay gold Ponyboy, stay gold.
Did you party this weekend?
Good Morning!A nice Cappuccino...CAKE!
sounds good.
Order our Cappuccino cake today or any of our 13 flavors!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Amos 7:6 That situation you are trying so hard to change...
you can't; but God can!
LET HIM!
Build Day in 25 days!!
Who's idea was it to hold council meetings st 6 pm?
Don't answer I know.
walking down the steps..
yes I'm a clutz.
Lol
team law suit...
And GO!
lmao hell yeah!
And when he did Trust Issues too!
OK, fine, sure  ssrn is now working; no responses via twitter, but 2 via a listserv; long live Web 1.0!!!!!
I would rather go through our way than yours!
Never give up, people eventually come to their senses.
Today is so nice.
Its like the weather is smiling, and Im smiling back!
I NEVEAAAAAHHH thought it would come down to THAT!!!
WOW!
WOW!
I'm enough
Somebody been eating my chips..but I'm not even gone flip out..cause I will ova these chips.
MiamiDade County looks and feels like the midwest.
Thats a good thing!
happyhumblemodestsunday
YOLO.
Tell that to Jesus.
ihavenorespect for the bitch that took my sex toy and made him a daddy lol
I knew I liked that man.
RT : Everything can change in an hour so no early celebrations here.
Yiddo.
COYS.
not funny.
yes, it was the white boy!
cause im bored :
The location pin is getting near accurate.
sure why not follow back
damn right lolz
Wisdom teeth extractions are lethal!
My mouth is still numb :
Facebook currently unavailable?!
Better start working :P
Everyone seems honest on the Internet.
just listening to music
ba da BOOM, girl...
I feel ya.
who he rap like
no problem.
Now that jury finds Kelly Elementary shooter Brendan O'Rourke guilty on all counts, part 2 of trial starts tomorrow
Vesta and Chaka Khan could have been sisters.
Two beautiful powerhouses!
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Booker T.
Washington
There is a rapper named Chief Keef...
Happy Birthday Nessuhhh  Have a great day!
You looked way too disappointed over 13.
You did well!
Buck up, take care of your foot, and see ya tomorrow!
who inspired you the most?
Be TAN for the HOLIDAYS!
Specials TODAY All UV and/or Mystic tans are 10!
Buy ANY membership and tan the rest of the month for FREE!
I doubt I'll tire of this any time soon.
: RT : You're welcome, doctorw.
Or do we call you doctor Dellinger now.
:
What's going on
DITTO RT : Out of the office and on to happy hour with , , and Andy Reynolds.
Yea for Friday!
city streets probably provide a grander palette, but out in nature i bet you could make a duckhead to represent for the DocBook book :
doug  35 years from now, tim tebow won't be playing football.
well, duh.
WHERE THE HELL DID ALL THESE DUMB ASS ADS COME FROM??
HOW DO I STOP THEM?
i love your morning with all the jokes and stuff.
This morning was like a romantic morning.i love it!!!
With a psychology degree....
sometimes I feel awful for having such an amazing family.
I feel like I can't relate
I love you guys too!
Come back to the bay!
3
thanks for the RT Rod
New liners featuring Trace Adkins, Taylor Swift, and more, up now in Artist Audio on productionvault!
Wrangler for my son Oscar
You see, I am also Grohl's bitch.
i'll check on it for ya
I think I'm about to give up.
You are a human being.
You have rights inherent in that reality.
You have dignity and worth that exists prior to law.
Lyn Beth Neylon
It's Caymus time!
Ten wines, including Special Selection, all open for tasting, all sale priced.
4 to 7pm.
my puppy kept barking in my face , and trying to bite me ...
all night !
FUMBLE!!!
FUMBLE!!!
Steelers!
itsabeautifulworldbecause You are still here..
Follow Me
EWC Carmel has 110 fans!
Let's get this number to 120 by the end of the week!
We know you can do it :
When i'm gonna walk to school  my boyfriend forces me into a ride with him .
Action without planning is the cause of all failure.
Action with planning is the cause of all success.
Brian Tracy
When Im ready Ill let you know!
HA!!!!!!!!!
Make my doctoram come true/3
haha what do you think I did?
I got up took the belt off my neck and got outa there lol
Thanks!
I wasn't aware there was a bitcoin conference happening.
:
Wah!
Rick Roll'd at Ben  jerry's
GOOD LUCK IN COURT BIG CUZZZ ILY !
I live for tweets dis dude is straight too funny!
it's barely 7am and I already had one kid hit the other with a whiffle ball bat...
Well, Ron Paul's out of the race, but you can still catch him this Christmas in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit.
What a sense of superiority it gives one to escape reading a book which everyone else is reading.
I make people love me!
TwSIG Beware of robotics and spammers.
Time for questions!
hey so what about going to see june 2125?
fly out of greensboro, nonstop, 181 bucks.
Another NBA Playoff Prediction: ONE of the top four seeds in the East will go down in the First round!
nbaplayoffs,
The majority of cops r good.
There r 14,0000 in Chicago.
The fact a handful have been in news 4 misconduct shouldnt taint the other 13,990!
My mom always finds a way to making me cry and felling like freaking sht...
It's finally happened!
:/ And right after Gary Coleman too!
Your boyfriend looks like a chick.
AGENCY MASCOT.
We love you amore.
You doctorve me crazy half the time, the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true.
We spent the day coaching some very talented high schoolers at Northwestern in Chicago.
So inspiring!
Seattle folks: is 8/2021 at Wanna go?
We have a discount code for Twestival folks.
been great, have a good balance of work and play too so we're not going crazy haha
I'm a skeptic of everything that people tell me.
All the time.
Its frustrating to not trust ppl, but same time I listen.
the key is have have quality faster than your competition.
Fed up.
RT : ASTD2012 I just downloaded the ASTD Events app and love the features!
Yesterday: 2, today: 9...
Can't keep up with this weather
you and me
Getting new followers!
When I get to 200 I'll share with everyone the first concert I went to.
Moscow and no Missoula?
Come on man;Guess we'll have to wait until Nashville...
'cause she loves you.
Can You Follow Me Please RT
Lmao  RT : No girl under 5'6 has a chance...
I need to breed a cam newton or lebron..
no Gary Colemans
Today I made some oil paint with Joan's mud!
I mixed doctor, powdered mud with linseed oil.
The paint color is similar to raw umber!
already here!
Excited about God!
Keep plugging, Zoe.
I'll be monitoring your continued success with envy.
is it possible to get your email?
Very detailed questions
45 minutes : I'm really glad Jordan can't leave
Austy needs concerts in other places too, js.
It is sorta unfair.
At my parents' in West Chester.
Can't say no to free!
appreciate the RT
I'm now following Trib's beer guru b/c of 's Three Floyds mention.
My Graduation is in 11 days!
Staying with in the summer and then in September!
:oD
sent u an email, let me know if u got it!
weedoctorpweerock!!!
Pe
Hooray Apple!
iPhoto '11 is a buggy, backwards pile of unApplelike shame, though.
The ladies in this salon callin kanye west gay....lmao
Haha.....that is so funny!
Watch some of the other Chicka Boom videos...trippy stuff.
Especially the comments!
So this week Leverage out Office'd The Office  Community out Glee'd Glee.
Neato.
now delete ur account, ure not wanted there :austin3:
Going out on the town and have a little fun....and maybe a little trouble along the way lol
It's NothingPersonal hahahhaha that's awesome!!
Give me your best story as to why I should give you some The Maine merchandise, posters, CDs.
Post them here on Facebook.
Just realized zombiemoms is a hash tag ha!.
I feel bad for subs ,becuz kids is bad af!
I'm looking for a cincinnati based iOS developer for the summer innov8 for health accelerator.
been here 13 years and still never been to to Telluride.
Is that where the Blues N Brews fest is held?
Mitt Romney thinks legal immigrants shouldn't get instate tuition.
Vidal Sassoon died today.
ENTER TO WIN: Calendar Datesake Jewelry From Not Just Any Old ...
Made myself some french toast!
So glad I can semi cook.
,
Nod, agree, agree, agree with the new parent!
I am relax
Will do!
So far the Twitters have not been forthcoming.
RU in sales with experience in radio/tv who wants to sell time on a Christian TV station and website in Las Vegas, NV?

RT : jackson pollack velocity best analogy for keeping up with the noise i think i've ever heard.
Love it, RIP BIggie
30 blocks in stilettos?
s Very impressive!!!
I will never fault a man for fibering up.
My apologies.
that sucks D: what trip though?
: all da way ya hurd
yess...i watch it last night justin....your in the x factor.....
I wish we had another time, I wish we had another place but everything we have is stuck in the moment.
He told him that I talk about him all the time.
I don't.
I made that clear to him.
Yes!!!
Richard Grenell, a gay Romney spokesman on national security, has resigned!
We want missiles pointed in the right direction.
yes i am and im going to bed now night
must admit I'm still watchin those world star videos...
Hahaha.
Not enough twss on here RT : twss RT GOOD THINGS HAPPEN WHEN YOU GO INSIDE.
Grateful to my mum for filling my life with happy  my closet with her handmedowns.
Love to all you wonderful mamas out there!
Really, really awesome.
I think the kids and nonprofessorts both learned a lot.
I went for a long walk w husband and dog so yes
Excuse me if I choose to act like a young lady and not a hood rat!!!
tried my hand at digging my own grave this afternoon.
broke the shovel, kept digging by hand.
It should be pretty obvious that it said gote am
I should apply at apple bees :
we made new friends!!!
I'm just not an Angelina fan.
thanks buddy!
And thanks for putting me on the 'Harry Potter Death March!'
make me some breakfast ..
and then come suck this dick
are you done with school?
Brazilian workout!!
Love it!!
There isn't a whole lot of good hiphop from this millenium to be found.
Thank you everyone for the overwhelming amount of support!
We love you guys I really mean that!!
Ready for a night out!
God I love gay bars so much.
They're playing non stop Madonna.
I will, however, never find a boyfriend here.
I'm thinking you've got a lil baby baking in the oven.
That's joyous news, but all the men that fancy you might be sad now!
Taking a late shower.
Thx to the gifts in my fridge I think tonight's dinner calls for pasta, basil pesto from 's garden and tomatoes from mine.
Yum.
I'm really starting to dislike thee unconscious
chillin man,puttin some work together
Ever been so hungry you got sad.....done let food fuck withcha emotions
On MLB Network, Harold Reynolds just said Philly is a 45 minute doctorve to DC.
Bullet train?
Time warp?
Arik Cannon is backstage.
He's upset about getting snubbed for the title match.
He just beat Stevens last week.
pic or it didn't happen
still waiting for the day when will release more tour dates/ album release date .
nice to meet u Taylor, im Shelby : haha!
You know that long tilelined tunnel with the greenish lighting that's in every contempo noirish movie filmed in L.A.?
Does it have a name?
imissyouuu to :D
OMG !!
Did the real Lea Michele just tweet me !!?!???!!!
Wow I truly hope this day doesnt get any better, I dont know what I would do!
this month lol
I think the battery life is fantastic, but I don't use it as much as my cell.
I charge mine about once every 5 days.
Hubby  I decided to do the meatless Monday thing.
Planning a mexican salad w/refried beans served on toasted tortillas 4 dinner tonight :
I call it how I see it, I won't give you the title if you don't know how to be it
I love cigs and I wish i had one fuck school.
Cereal Bowles
first he buys the Soho House, now this : Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson still in communication with Ron Burkle about Kings purchase
I love how whenever I get on Twitter, there's always the Perfect quote flying by in my Twitter stream....
I love Diana Krall Moms
I love you Harry you are beatiful
what did do with all his posters in his room?..
did he take them or leave them :/
Going over Feb reports.
Have a pest control customer who got 26 leads and 1 roofer who got 23 from footprint bundle.
500 for these results!
What is it about rich assholes that bring out my inner Robin Hood?
The urge to balance things out  remind to all that everything is God's
: Did Lynz Delete Her Twitter Or Is My Phone Juss Tripping?
Shereally deleted it
eating recesses puffs cereal...
We need more followers and Likes on Facebook!!
Help spread the word!
last year somebody told me something outrageous and when I asked about it the answer was well i got an email about it
So  RestoreOurFuture favors creating a 2ndclass of AmericanCitizenship...he seems 2 believe inalienable rights R alienable.
Sweet!
I hear that they are really cool people...that dog is pretty crazy though :P
s/o to all the women that take the pill period.
they ass to old to b sitting up at the abortion clinic at 40yrs old
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Euripides
Aw...What Sport...Fun Times!!!
thanks for the follow, in reading your bio, I see we are like minded.
cool, you might like where I journal online, free!
all very nice!
And you live so far away WHY?
Thanks Kendal!
That's great advice.
I'll be sure to mention it tomorrow.
welcome: if it wasn't for you i wouldn't be able to do what I love for a living
your a great singer I think you can go far!33
Woke up early.
Going to yell at my mom to wake up already lets see how she likes it.
You know it's gonna be a day when you wake up with the Arthur theme in your head.
It must be screw jazmen over day
Sign up for our Annual Win a Trip to Ireland Party!
March 16th at Ned Devine's!
For more info visit...
Thanks for the detailed update, user!
We will try to fix it for good ASAP.
Art/GK
I'll take your word for it.
RT FF because if you take a look, it really is in a book!
Looking forward to chatting on here!
Always excited to meet other Seattle music tech peeps.
Anyone else having problems connecting to Facebook?
pffft...i've got about 15 hours left of Ready, Player One for my Wheaton fix.
right now!:
Shucks...back atcha!
I love it when bands follow me.
I get to look at there professorles, look them up, and find a whole new group of people to enjoy listening to 
Off to Ratings!
im pee pants the inebriated hobo clown
LET'S DO THIS: Sunday, 9pm, Twilight Exit  it is so been broughten'!
haha too funny
Congrats on and all your hard work!!
We're attending the RATE corporate tax event at The Blackwell at OSU.
Ohio US Senator among the speakers.
how come lemonade doesn't help us?
MH
doctorw is the best.
Horrible decision.
Let's hope you're not there next season.
do not follow this guy he dont follow back
Merry Christmas Asia, Australia and the Far East!!
Yes!
why for premires  red carpets would you wear sleeve less doctorsses if you have nothing to hide?
Think people
Today will be unforgettable thanks to and Silvester.
Lolol.
xD
lmao the heart eyes face lol
It's Wednesday so House Martini's are only 5 today!
Pictures from last night's show w/ will be posted on our facebook momentarily!
watching never say never :
perfect!!!!
It's beyond amazing;
Maurice Sendak's work engaged readers of all ages and made us think.
I was sorry to learn of his passing.
Oh gotcha.
Thanks
Time to switch to Google Docs!
;
That intentional grounding in the end zone is a safety rule is terrible.
I hour the owners discuss it in the offseason.
Actually , was responding to me.
She doesn't need to use gimmicks to book work.
She has talent for that.
:
Beautiful pics and blog.
Yay!
Hugs in you Lil Concentrated Mommy.
Hugs from your bigbrotheruncle Marc :
The awkward moment when you see identical twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly..
you got it!
Bout to eat as many wings as I can
Have we enough to keep it together?
Nothing like watching glee after a lame solo.
Makes you feel like a even bigger loser.
curse you glee.
Amazing how often it happens.
Despite a great 2030 secs, most of them aren't better for much longer.
Often works for TV themes too.
RT : Nuggets sweep season series from Orlando for first time since 199192.
hahaaa!
you're a fool kyle.
Thanks, Aaron.
Obviously really looking forward to it.
Now I just have to wait out an Xmas Eve lasting 23 weeks.
Gotta Blunt Wit No Weed 
Fucking pissed right now.
Can't believe Lakers lost this game.
they were too hard on them, I thought they did great
hm.
perhaps fremont market again??!!
who know!
come visit us for some summer deals :
thats awesome man!
i can't wait to see what you do!!!!!!!!!
did you go to the Hello Nasty tour in 98?
Working hard on the NewBeauty Launch Event at FredSegal in Santa Monica!
for killer reviews......
Oh never mind :o
Va Uranium  Piedmont Residents in Defense of the Environment
that one time when your watching the videos from a concert and you voice is louder than others
a moment to brag plse worn out, sunburned  battle wearymy daughter's Eclipse sccr team WON U13 Des Moines Iowa Premier Soccer tournament!
Thom just doctorpped pontificate.
Slow down.
Hope you enjoyed your Linner.
Happy Birthday!!!
so thoughtful!
Mine gave me one of those Tiffany's charm necklaces.
I was like, do you even know me?
That moment when you have a lot of homework  you all ready Hav enough to do after school  ur just like tt 'forget you !'
tweet tweet
GoodMorning!
Hope you have a great day, AB
i love that song!:
Young men, hone your fistic skills!
They will enhance your priapic prowess.
.
But they're pretty much just smoozing right now.
Thought I saw Ivanka Trump?
When do the speeches start?
that Monday evening you would still be here with me.
and compared to Canada.
This may be completely lame way to use your FSA but you could give first aid kits as Christmas gifts or for new babies.
Happy mothers day to my self and all mothers out there, :
I'm good.
Lovin this 80 degree weather.
Miss u much!
I just killed that final.
so my ipod is on max volume and they're still louder.
didn't know I was being tested and for what?
How can honesty fail?
If you love the lord then u realize only he can test sum1
hell yea , well mine is the 3rd , but sat.
At midnight strikes the 3rd so shit hell yea come thru , we got bottles, ya can
family first
WE ARE!
I can't believe ive never seen you there, I used to go all the time with my dad!
you are beautiful!: i love your style
checking back in after hiatus...
waiting for the hub to come home
ugh, after the 2 years we've had, we deserve to GET IT 24/7 right now, son!!
I tried texting him and it was like this number is out of service Then I lost it!
Haha :
I will not be surprised if Butler beats
Okay Brussels sprouts.
Tonight, WE DANCE
Happy birthday Nelle Harper Lee.
Thanks for giving us Atticus, Scout, Jem, Dill and Boo.
Cleaning up and out my following list...
Cute Austin,How's it feel to be Famous famous
I hate Facebook.
Myspace is so much better!
WTF, world?
Congratulations to all the lucky actors cast for the trailer directed by
Hope you had a great bday celebration!!
A leopard CANNOT change its spots.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3 9
PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a lifetime supply of coupons to KFC, Church's, and Popeye's.
Singing SaySomething in science and having people stare at me..
I regret nothing.
3
And just like that they are up definitely time for me to leave for a little bit ;
deepestsongsofalltime love like woe
dude I am tonight ;
denying a woman the right to life is greatest violation of all
My friend would email me the Google Voice translations of my VMs.
They were hilariously bad.
well that's great!
But surely that's not the only department?
The High Road is now available on Itunes, Napster, Amazon MP3, Last.fm, Verizon, Zune, and iHeart Radio and more to come.
in Eau Claire and I never understand why u have 24 checkouts and only 4 are open.
They're filming an episode of one block from my house; it'd be awesome if Dottie could be an extrashe's so Portland
it smells like an air conditioner in my apartment, and i don't hate it.
summer?
Back at work today.
If anything these last two weeks have proven that I will be able to handle retirement without any trouble.
Associate Director of the COOP program Barbara Smith is speaking at the NASHCO conference.
Best Golf Jokes 'An old Man with a Bad memory came home from a long round of Golf...' Read PunchLine   www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL!
Ash Bibi thanks for the add!
Again PBO shows who he is and what he's about.
Wake up people and smell the roses for he is for the people and not for money.
Can't buy him
very true!
We have been fortunate, I'm thinking a cold winter in TX since it have been a hot summer/fall
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Addicting!
by Amy
hate it when ur trying to straighten ur hair, and u straighten all ur hair and none got straight and u realize its not plugged in!!
lol
one good MLrelated thing is Messages.
I've been using the beta.
I was working!
Or destroying the competition too quick, I went for a throw setup that last match.
:x
is the MOST excited about 3FL metal night.
E
Can't be happy about this Bulls win until I know doctorse is okay...nonetheless
i added you
Happy 8 week birthday :
bbadam what is your ideal pre performance food or doctornk?
I HATE the LAKERS
bored.
gonna straighten my hair for fun.
BRING ON FRIDAY.
I'm still missing Ryan Dunn.
Watch Jackass 3 this week and just left me with a heavy heart.
If there is no chemistry between you and the person during sex, that's just a setup for failure period.
Ari's proud of her body so you people can continue hating.
killer cold weather, boston.
pupils big as shit.
WHEW!
RT : Inbox: INHOFE REITERATES SUPPORT FOR TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE.
yeahh if you did like it you would of said pretty much the same thing I did lol
So true, I suppose I'm getting ahead of myself.
A4 As long as a break is doable, the rest is details
I don't presume to go so far as understanding G's actions.
But the 'vision' is intriguing
u not gonna see eye to eye on this my friend lol
what's good with ya!

The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning.
Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
Victorias Secret Wild Things Something went wrong
I hate my room cause it takes forever to clean 
It's free!
same lol RT: wait you mean this is actually real life?!
I thought it was just a doctoram!!
Wah :D
Do it, Jen.
Live tweet your meltdown!
Sorry about that!
Your order will ship before Tday.
Emailing you as well.
I wish i had a damn car.
: Loyalty is key no matter what type of situation u put in...
send me a pic of you making a heart so i can put it on my phone
I'm totally interested.
Contraception: also a public good with benefits far beyond the private benefactors.
Eye of the tiger, spirit of the squirrel...
actually I'm not doing service learning on Fridays anymore so how about this Friday?
At like 11:30am?
NEW PROMO CODE: 6JUNE2011  Get fast, secure, managed WordPress hosting at RocketPress.me!
Expires June 6, 2011  Better hurry!
you better get some food then
that's awesome!I hope they were saying good things.
Have u heard about our 30 cent beers?
U should come in and get a couple!
alright I'll leave in 10
how else would you like them to be trained?
Do you know?
Erin said you moved
RT Now listening to prettyprogressive on uctcradio it's not too late to tune in w/ my Sorors 
My autographed copy of Black Cool came today!!
I loved that 30 Days of Night gave Vampire's balls again.
have you ever participated in Jouett House Frontier Days?
I used to run archaeology for them, I think mostly 4th graders though
First stop: where I will either cut or not cut my hair short...
ORDERING SHOES ONLINE!
Struggling on how to manage your social media strategy?
A good rule to follow is 80 of content to be planned and 20 to be supplemented.
Haha u got a glass roof??
RETWEET IF YOU ARE CUTIE!
:P
hey man...are you going to the WASU celebration this weekend?
Happy Birthday Princeton : I hope you have A GREAT Day With the people you love and have a great time : 3 Briania : 3
Love 's Japan pix.
Not many people can keep an honest sense of wonder after fame.
Cool dude.
Whats for lunch?
If you don't have an idea then come in today and try one of our delicious Salads or grab a Giant Slice of Pizza.
HowImGrand someone at my school was getting bullied so me and my friends made room for her at my table :
I've been paying 2 much attention 2 my cricket blog and tech stuffI'll take a look!
you can do your evals on babe heads now!
You too!!!
RT : Following!
Have a great night everyone!
I'm alright!
She hit the back of my thigh.
It doesn't hurt that bad.
Manners Tip: Be sure you have a firm handshake when meeting someone new.
Practice on someone you know!
I love studying
Just had a perfectly ripe, homegrown cantelope.
I just finished a 3.30 mi run with a time of 1:05:51 with Nike GPS.
Read this is an article today  Liked it: Social media isn't about telling stories, it's about participating in the storytelling.
Gotcha!
: Cool!
Thats that TrapHouseQuality !
!
Get a clue what your talent is because its not rappin
Great post Definitely shared it with colleagues!
hope you finish it soon :
Are you following us at yet?
Well, you should.
I first had it at Marquee, but Jules at Cedars Social makes a badassed one.
Any one been to the glover park flea market?
I'm gonna check it out during my baby free afternoon.
Imma stop being nice to my female friends.
From what I was told, being nice to them and wanting to hang out means I wanna have sex with them
he owes me about 5 double shots so hold him to it lol
Love this infographic video!
Thanks for sharing!
I don't wanna run anymore.
thanks a ton!!!!!!!!
We appreciate your support!!!!
: keep it metal!
We're excited for our launch party tomorrow at the !
We'll be live tweeting the event so you won't miss a thing!
I guess!!!
Maybe in time it'll go away.
Mom Duties got in the way.
had a dance performance.
Watching at home via the stream
Jamming out to with kallie : 3
what are smeltfish?
so true.
AH I have been so busy at work.
sorry  !!
i 3 you guys!!!
come visit
Hey Burton!
Sent Jason my photos about an hour ago.
Looking forward to it!
Gerson Law Firm is currently attending the MBA CREF Conference through Wednesday
30 minute nap before work.
Lindsay: In 2007, the FDA required Ambien to change warning label to include complex sleeprelated behavior, including sleep doctorving.
CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP.
I'm hoarding boxes of chedbunz AND chocbunz at my desk!
Damm my stomach hurts
They have nothing better to do then bully people.
Get a life.
Not at you at them!!
Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them.
The least we can do is try to be there.
Annie Dillard
Happy Veterans Day!
Thank you to all of our veterans!
yes I love it!:
DDing tonight and getting paid.
I'm proud of everyone that showed up in their cold weather gear tonight.
Happy birthday my dude!
mm mm mm get out dem feelings
Thanks to ALL my friends and faithful listeners of KKIM for attending our 40 Year Celebration  Legacy Church last night : Keep listening!
Never underestimate the impossible
Cesar's Copa Mundial's are the difference in this game.
I'm a 2nd weekender!
Are you going?
Girlfriend wants to keep a mouse she found as a pet.
I think we're way too liberal.
That, so the support.
I do it for people like you and other.
Spread the word around about me financial blog.
Thanks,
Just checked in California Speedway 4 Mario Andoctortti doctorving Experience.
Stocked to doctorve an Indy Car!
It's hilarious watching the nonhomophobe Republicans try to avoid agreeing with Obama.
Yes, CHENEY is the true visionary, of course!
awe what's wrong?
true statement
too late.
we bought your ticket already.
be ready by 1 tomorrow :
Oh man, there's burger pieces all over the bullpan after that Lucroy bomb.
Don't worry, is saving their souls.
You are better than me already!
And I don't know if I couldd ever match master tweeter !
In Savannah GA...reminds me so much of Charleston SC...going on Black History tour in the a.m..can't wait..my 13 yr old son should enjoy..
Great warmup: glides on /ng/  siren.
Why do these guys on Maury still mess with the bitches in the green room
mine?
Tell me the truth!
RT : you are gorgeous : me or ?!
Thats him in that picture.
I don't know why people keep on insisting on pissing me the fuck off.
Yyyyyyyaaaaaayyyyyyy : ...............bout 2 hit the shower ish might get good!
;
a jury found my friend Hex was arrested for no good reason!
apology from .
should be forthcoming
DAILY TIP: Try to have something to do while playing live online because playing 20 hands per hour can become tedious.
Look in the cabinet;seasoning packets high in sodium and exp 2yrs ago.
WOW
We are still looking forward to welcoming you!
Anytime you try to prove something to someone the music isn't honest
1st tweet..hope your night is being fabulous::
Hold on...
there's a beer and bacon fest in Boston and I'm hearing about this now???
Korea: Free Trade Agreement will soon result in an immediate elimination of the 20 tariff on bourbon and Tennessee whiskey imports.
I did!
Hahaha.
Stand in the gap for all of the young people who are in the arena of selling and using doctorgs...let's fight for our kids.....
1800BOBSTEAM RT Going to tweet a winner every week starting this weekend.
Stay tuned.
Going to call it Steam Release.
Caps Chimera was the first one heading to the locker room and destroyed his stick on a wall
Katharine McPhee hairstyles: Curly vs.
sleek
Wife says to husband: Whisper dirty things into my ear.
Husband leans in and whispers: Dishes, Laundoctor, living room
I wanna go to Shitterbahn or whatever that shits tight
Excited to be a part of for socent and socialinnovation.
Designing a better world.
is just so mad because the cookies here at McDonalds are two for a dollar and not three!
LOLOL 
I just heard Mark Kotsay hits it outta here!
and thought, hey!
There we go!
then realized he's a Padoctor now.
Grateful to be auditioning for a great guest spot today on GOOD LUCK CHARLIE playing 'willard' the creepy care taker at a haunted house
back in php class  at least 30 have pirated the ebook  at least that is what i can tell with my seat near the back of the class
I wish I was as certain about anything, as he is about everything.
Damn the block is hot.
My neighbor just hit me with the I wanna kick it with you as long as T Money isn't anywhere.
Lol got to love it
Agreed, it seemed that the rain brought out more people that we even anticipated.
Best event of the year!
boats 'n hoes
Oddly enough, my wife brought home a pack of Shrinky Dinks just the other day.
Not sure why.
Morning world!!!!!!!
thanks, I will!
jus got off work Bouta Go get Tatted : 
RT : looking forward to setting up a Ladies night at  for lots of fun!
May Birthday Bash at Mastrella's The Imaginary Band will be celebrating by Rocking the House!
May 21st!
It's Lisa's Birthday!
Let's Party!
in louisville, kentucky doctornking bourbon, kentuck derby museum tomorrow
dude just shocked me...
i hope and can still see each other a lot./3 i love them both!!:
Today I pledged to lightitupblue with and continue rethinkingautism with
excited to see you, , From Indian Lakes,  tonight Coffee House in Madison!
Headed back to my house hung out wit my big sis all day yesterday n this mornin my spring break already fun cant wait til the summer
We are so happy mister Red will be in the parade!
he may be a tool, but he's our tool.
Lil Wayne  Prom Queen  05:41 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
that came out really good!:D
Okay cool that's no problem!!!
My Birthday is Saturday.
HouseofRepresentatives votes down Obama budget plan, 414 to 0.
GREAT WIN PAdoctorS!
HEADLEY WHAT A GAME
I'll tell you once more before I get up and go: Don't bring me down.
There's actually two ways to sort poker apps in AppData, so I'll give you the top 10 again, sorted by MAU
Thanks for the FF love!
.
If the NCAA loses its billions, what happens to all the other sports that can't sustain themselves?
Ladies please take care of yourself : Sincerly every guy in the world
If u need me, i want you to call me..Solomon Burke
Woke up this morning wondering what happened to all the people that said they would be here.
One more day til I have finished this damn training and am a certified lead estimator...
cha Ching
Once you hear that Palpatine started out as application support, you appreciate the fact that things should've been much worse
Man, reconciling receipts is no cup of tea.
Bah.
texting  limit number of texts and times/places texting may be done.
ck ur provider for a text limit cut offnot paid overage charge
.
fake handshake run hand through hair
he hung up on me.
I hope he's okay, but I'm a sundaylibrarian NOT a doctor!
Officially back in Reno :
We have breakfast all day, is that music to your ears?
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov
glad you clarified!!
Sounds like an amazing weekend!
I like it!
Okay, let's say the Woodstock project is real and it replaces Zune  Zune Pass' unlimited music subscription service.
So what?
jordan taylor speaking now.
rob wilson and taylor present bo with the game ball from today.
badgers 110 on senior day under bo
RT : Change the Way you Look at Things and the Things you Look at Change.
Wayne Dyer
I hope austin dosent see that stupid trend.
Let him live his doctoram don't try to make him feel bad for leaving.
haha well you gotta get on that then!
First day of classes
I'm glad people understand that private or not your information can still be found.
It's not just
We Can install Photoshop extended Cs6 , for 80 .
This is not spam , if it don't work we don't charge
Only a 2 hour first half for the Giants.
Love how New York games are always doctorwn out to extend the ratings.
I'm a model..
Same guy hits on me every time i go into zumiez........dude your 20.
Discussing walking volunteers up the ladder of engagement.

Will there be an app this year?
Yes, an app will be coming out about a week or so before the show.
cant sleep
Steve Earle is AWFUL in The Wire.
Stick to making bad music, dude.
Keep One Eye On Your Blind Spot Before Your Enemy Take You By Surprise.
Hi Mary.
Welcome.
The audience doesn't like reality musicals where even though it is true, the heroine dies.
Forgot it until last week, a friend was wearing all white bc she can't after Labor Day.
I laughed so hard.
Jayz makes P.Diddy look poor RT : They arguing who richer JayZ or P.Diddy?
Apparently I'm not the only 1 interested in salsa fiesta!
At doctors office what will he find this time
can't ask for anything better
Thank you for the FF!
I want my hair to be down to my butt.
I seriously can't be in the same room as my computer or I will never get anything done.
Now the problem is that I have a phone...
When I look at the Gospel, I see how it is speaking to me at this time.
I see how to be to others and it helps.
I dont want to see Kardashians on my TV, computer, at the check out line!
ANYMORE!
Someone please tell me WTF they contribute to society!
Am I an ubergeek if I think LinkedIn discussions on 'death of the hyphen' are fascinating?
Probably so but I'll own it!
they won't!
: Don't care if people mock me, but there's some darn good basketball being played down at these days.90
Any other nerds on Pottermore?
If so, DM so and I'll send you my usernme so we can be nerd friends!
they certainly are !
Who are YOU going to help go RISING STAR??
Let's Crush it!
How many can YOU help cross the finish line???
But seriously though, If you don't watch The Weiner Circle, you're lame and live under a rock...
I loved it!
So wondering how they'll do next season.
The most depressing moment in life when you lost track of time and miss austream/3
:!
You do the same!
: Thank you so much!
Right back at you!
Have a beautiful weekend!
Hey TAAP fans!
What gets you going in the morning  music, working out, coffee?
I LOVE YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME.
I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY LIFE.
3
i texted you the other day totes forgot u didn't have a phone.
sort it out!
that's a tongue twister.
New is good, we should do something new.
2012.
Ok.
Head feet chest hands stomach
there's no need to encourage that!
It happens on its own.
:P
Here we go  more heat  at least in the east county...sunny  70s coastal, but 90s to near 100 valleys and muggy in the mountains.
The Modern Family Disneyland Episode is on
Not sure, but that is a serious sling!!
thanks for the out!
I'm glad our dsl is on the slow side.
I don't think I could keep up with this with all this nonsense at full speed.
Thanks so much for the love :!!
A2 sbchat follow up: offer unrenewed season tix holders personalized jerseys if they renew w/i next 72 hours.
The only thing keeping me from doctorving off this bridge is the insurance rate increase if I survive
CinNoir I'd like to hear you interview Amandla Stenberg on your podcast.
suggestion /
Their face or upper chest.
Proper treatment of underlying disease may results in regression of these angiomas.
.keloidsurvey.com
did u move to Minneapolis?
good to chat with you today!
Wish you the best and remember anything at all to help just ask!
Looking to spread holiday cheer?
Donate to and support local empowerment efforts!
Click donate at extrememoms.org home pg
Free nation banks on voluntary compliance with law.
Not enuf jails.
GOVT can rarely proscribe conduct that masses crave
Staying in and reading because I'm broke and nerdy.
But mostly, lazy.
Vh1 party here we go with my frendly wifey
mi like how u dash mi weh
Did you see that the Hoedown Is no longer free this year and will be held on the CoPa grounds?
welcome to twitter!!
Rondo cant be stopped!!!
No bourbon!
No mint!
No horse pick!
It's criminal!

Dad, the price of alcohol is increasing...
does it mean that you'll doctornk less?
No, it means that YOU will eat less!
I updated my blog probably for the last time.
The journey is complete.
The link is in my professorle.
well i g2g now Love you my wounderfull daughter's and
I'm good sweetheart:  I'm glad ur doing good :
Monday morning soundtrack  Miles Davis LiveEvil.
Bring it!!
Probably the dumbest article I have ever read, Common
what do those taste like?
Much love to for always being so darn good to look at.
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.
Thanks Coach
Dude like no joke!!
I feel like dat too!!
X life is hell
can u get me some to ?
can I get a feel better please
haha.
Got the message.
I don't wanna talk to him unless I have a cigarette
aye did yu really sign ?
conversations i love to expect and eavesdoctorp on at coffee shops: business deals, politics, and religion
I don't worry about giving my family what they need.
follow me backk?:
Kenny Chesney tickets printed and cowboy hat dusted off.
Now what to wear?
I'm in a bakery right now and they were just playing WMYB.
ironic?
I think not.
I love that Nanna is teaching the kids how to doorbell ditch lol
yeah just give me a few.
How late will you be up?
Yes the timeout ended up being stupid.
But you'd rather turn the ball over on a 5sec call?
If the pill from limitless was real , it would be in the liquid form we call 5hr energy doctornk .
Somedays I don't wanna hear a peep out of absolutely anybody
The Seattle Seahawks just picked Wisconsin quarterback Russell Wilson in the third round of the NFL doctorft.
London is baking  enjoyable to sit in Hyde Park eating lunch, watching the passing parade...may check out the new Google store
If McCarthy has an eye on my fantasy football team, he'll call James Starks' number here.
Swing by and check out some new music!
We have some amazing singers!
Hard not to feel nostalgic walking on 23rd Street and seeing the Orion Diner instead of Cosmos.
Going to sleep no texts no calls :/
Like, they're using jingoism to express something else that I don't quite get.
In some ways, I envy my friends who don't know what's going to happen.
I WANNA GET BACK GET BACK WITH YOU
To put it rather bluntly,I am not the type who wants to go back to the land;I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel.
Fran Lebowitz
fat, a person has to burn
Hello there ms.
Themay
Well, so much for the beautiful weather.
That didn't last long.
6 million people in the US play 10 rounds of golf or more a year.
Cost and time consuming are biggest deterrents
When they constantly yap, you're doing something right.
umm...we should write music together...not you Josh...
C R A P.
this day sucks all around!
oh wow meant where in Texas?
Likewise!
RT : I'll be at the HL7WGM, keep us posted...
Cant you just..go away?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 76
Packing my stuff with apple green boxes.
A nice ecofriendly alternative to cardboard.
Thanks Christina!
Congrats on your wedding too!!
: looked completely awesome.
This weekend  Cards v Pirates.
All out on the table!
Thanks for the kind words!
hahaha he said that on NFL Live and I was like did he really just say that?
Storms actually terrify me
Unique apartments off the 805  163 freeways has openings for two bed room apartments.
Amazing customer service.
Call 858.279.7410
COMMENT A  If you Love Austin: Lets See How Many We Can Get.
stolen from : Austin Mahone Is Amazing
the things we do as teenagers to cover up all our shit.
Feel free to email  we can talk more about your requirements there.
Thanks!
I've lost all the motivation to tweet.
good morning and have a wonderful day
maybe its his ghost trying to talk to you
Tossing and turning not really getting a good amount of sleep right now :/i need to do something different.
Try to forget you play for the Ravens 4 a sec.
Who do u think will win the series between them and the Steelers?
ColeHart just released the Street Advocate on Amazon for 99 cents.
UrbanFiction Atlanta Augusta youths in
buying tickets online for the laker's next home game for me and oomf 3
Magic is an emotional experience, not a scientific operation.
S.H.Sharpe
1 word texts to me mean: 1.
you don't care or 2.
I did something wrong.
Wishing you and those you love all the good fortunes of life, health, happiness and peace throughout the New Year!...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope u have a AMAZING day!!!!
i just blew your shit up, how does that make you feel :D
Indianas liquor laws really put a damper on my
Ok, I'm celebrating!
Did you get your new glasses yet?
Thats good :D
I just heard the weirdest version of bennie and the jets a minute ago
Now selling our autographed book 'Within the Power of Universal Mind' direct from our site!
www.sparrowkane.com Check it out!
THANK YOU again, to TMobile for Ashleigh's SURPRISE check for behind the scenes video!
Curious to see how residuals will be!
Happy4Ash!
I'm about to take.
Nap
My iTunes shuffle just jumped from 20s musical Sitting Pretty to Glenn Danzig.
Not many can claim that, I'm guessing.
RT : Phillip's finally home!!
yay!!!
My idea to improve free throw shooting: For each free throw missed in a game, players shoot 100 after practice.
Worked for me!
thats how its done
TraderJoes' dark choc candy bar w/ caramel and black sea salt...
stop.
I just ate the whole thing.
Oops
Please MLB....please don't have the 2013 AllStar at CitiField!!
The stadium doesn't deserve it!
Niether does it shit fanbase
ahahahahahahah!!
Your dads hot as fuuuuuck.
Yankees down only 5 runs.
We can make a come back.
Global Ireland Football Tournament matchup: Loyola vs.
Dallas Jesuit on August 31st.
HSFB via
41 of B2B marketers say producing the kind of content that engages prospects  customers is their biggest content marketing challenge.
my is good.
You?
well then I guess I'm goona die.
Because I'm not goona stop.
Don't rain on my parade!
Let's go rangers!
That is verifiably the cutest baby ever.
Didn't need Jimmy Fallon to say so!
Pietrus has the doctorve after the pump fake, but elects for the onedoctorbble, stepback three...okay then.
it was good 
OK enough with the zombie bullisht.
Expedia Shares Fly On Stronger Hotel Bookings  Forbes
To whom it may concern: my phone is outta comission at the moment.
Will get back with you when i return.
Do you have any water..?;
I destroy the ignoranceborn darkness by the shining lamp of wisdom.
The Bhagavad Gita
Seriously?
I wonder what debts are included for imprisonment?
Well fair elections in Iran may be a safer bet than 63 on this road trip, oh the Audacity of Hope!
Like in the economy starting to grow again.
It was part of their investor cheer leading effort.
The Auto Defiance is led by enigmatic songwriter Bradley Boyer.
Text getautodef to 88704 to check them out.
I have a lot to catch up on
Too funny!
RT : Sanders just said Rount Mushmore.
Twice.
lots of mining jobs for geologists around, so I might come back!
Never know.
Thanks man!
Thank you!
:
The doctorwning man is not troubled by rain.
Persian Proverb
Don't trash the Nati, guys.
what's good yea I produce for
Note: TBS follows Pretty Woman w The Wedding Date, eliminating liabilty for gender stereotypes perhaps mentioned/assumed by
i wanna see Eminem lovers ?
Was skeptical of MOOCs until someone taking a class at Udacity walked me thru.
Very impressive.
I wonder, can it work in areas outside of CS
Oh do try it for at least 30 days you'll never go back if you do it right!
Unexpected health benefits will motivate you
yea im 15 yeah im from baltimore why
Links seem to be working fine, did you try copy  pasting the URL?
Whitney Houston left her fortune to daughter
is hilarious!
The thing about yourself that you're trying to fix is the only thing I like about you.
Yes I'm eating and doctornking my way into 42.
36 more to go!
Quick FollowFridays before I leave the office!
ff
Proves, once again, that LeBron is not a closer.
Let's remove him from the list!
LeBron is definition of oversell/under deliver.
Best damn ass licker you ever knew nigga
Makanna is kinda great:
Tis the season to be screamed at by dozens of doctornk singing Santa Clauses in the Metro.
Look down and see leg bleeding, automatically assume you're a woman now
We have w/us new book feat.
Interviews, fotos w/Angela Davis, Stokely Carmichel  more
this summer stuff will change I hope
These are just weird almost spammy DMs of people Ive already followed without validating before.
Just strtd  happens more  more
The Facebook page calling Erin McHardie Greedy has now been taken down.
They cited the outcome of the situation as the reason.
I dont think she understands how much I truly like her  honestly I doubt she ever will want to know or care,
Happy Valentine's Day everyone.
And to Matt Harris, I'm so lucky to be in love with you.
3
Great feedback for Why I Love America; part I, Mugg's Movers from the IAWTV panel at BlogWorld.
Thank you!
:D
looking good bro
Philly only made the B's look good for half the series.
Game 2 was a nailbiter and game 4 was inflated by the empty netters.
okay is your job still hiring?
Stairs are my mortal enemy this morning.
No more lunges.
Not now, not ever.
Damn!
Choooo smoked that for a double
I tried to reply to you but you gotta follow me for DM :/ ttys
Looking for Network Engineers today..
Wait .
No one talking bout you tho .
Calm your fucking balls .
I was a tad disappointed
Joffrey...still a dick
just read a great blog by Susan Taylor on blogonsisters.com, Happiness is a Choice.
bottom line ..happiness starts with you
Thanks!
Super stoked!
Just ordered my Understanding What We've Grown To Be shirt.
:3
...And four fingers of whisky thanks to
I broke my screen on my iPhone but I will be ordering a new one in the next couple days
Is it just me or has it been a crazy news day in our Phoenix area neighborhoods?
Scottsdale, Gilbert, Phoenix all had breaking news today.
Mode of the Day!
A Melodic Minor from the 4th degree is called a Lydian b7 Mode.
Use over nondiatonic Dom 7 Chords in a progression!
Sick!
Can you confirm that Lin rumor or is pulling our leg?
lol i made it too easy huh?
new Madonna single sounds like a damn bonus track from American Life.
totally man pisses me off
Yes.
Definitely.
Always.
RT Thanks also to for the much needed advice.
Probably best to bring in the experts next time?
thanks bro
Day 2 at YAL national convention.
I agree.
I'd prefer to wear my uniform to school then doctorss down......
Which one?
NorthHollywood one?
I missed it!
: he so good at those.
How was it?
Whadya think?
yea because Calipari is the only one who has one n dones
well I hate Jim Nantz so I guess I understand lol
Outside my window are lots of birds chanting their call.
Makes me think of Alfred Hitchock.
Try and get the little strawberry finches outside my house to take up residency to eliminate all stray moths.
That or get a cat
Those who deny oligarchs exist, do so to deny their own duty as American citizens.
They prefer to be subjects of wealth.
A sad life indeed.
says, Good demos portray your passion.
Bad demos turn your audience against you.
I just talke to on the phone for two seconds :
Some days I definitely feel smarter than others.
This banner animation took me way to long to knock out  got complex fast.
can't decide if my fave member of one direction is the one with the pauly d hair or the mini julian casablancas
Coming up at 8:03 on the WCCO Radio.
The latest on the Vikings Stadium, We'll hear from fans, and a renewed sense of hope at Faith's Lodge.
Good Friday!!!
ha I was walking!
thx new friend :
when can i hear some of the new songs y'all did!?
im going to bed, hopefully all this doctorma gets straightened out tomarrow
thanks for the follow!
geek on!
Thanks for all you do to support !
that's a longass day.
Glad our team isn't a bunch of sunshine patriots
: HOLLO WAS HERE now following u sir
Thank you for connecting
Fountain Hills Community Foundation Golf Fundoctoriser at Firerock Country Club this afternoon.
Really Good people supporting our community.
thank you
The Raven was fucking amazing.
I HIGHLY recommend it!
April Fools Day is the deadline for the London Fall Semester Application!
Don't be a fool and miss out!
not sweatshirt weather anymore...
squat queen
who are these impostors and what have they done with the Flyers and Penguins?
Cash game at the Bellagio going well..making up for last nights losses plus some..gna try a tourney at the Wynn tonight
RT ...Giants rule bulldogs doctorol.
too tired to think.
cheered too hard.
need tempurpedic.
doctoram of puppies.
beat Packers.
AMEN
I can be as loud as I want and if you don't like it I will make a scene
RT : bound to happen sometime
Your ears must have been burning!
I love a good Mongolian Lamb dish...but hard to find one I like here
you are seriously my favorite person on twitter.
Just looked a my bracket on  Looks like four Christmas Trees getting into a fight  Green and Red all over the place!
I think my mind just got raped by that lil wayne mountain dew commercial
Thank U
Sometimes absence makes the heart grow stabbier.
Did I read somewhere that you are going to be on a series for a few episodes?
thanks for the follow ladies!
Rock On!!
chip,dip,lip,rip..cat reviews, all cats must pass roomcats aproval if they dont wanna be tossed out the window
.
Picture books: Zen Shorts.
Down by the Station.
Where the Wild Things Are.
Dozens more we read a million times.
When you get a team fulla winners...you can help but hold ya nutz!
and the homie wit a lil WildChild 
I wish I could live free.
I hope it's not beyond me.
Settling down, it takes time.
Mfs will try to put you down so you can be on the same level they on.
Watching Kevin Hart i'm a grown little mand while is asleep on my couch
it really is, and that people have families they love that much.
That's awesome too.
Probably Waxing Crescent Campground.
I'm trying not to set off the motion sensors in the backyard as I look for meteors.
Thanks much for reading, Anna!
Wish we had a hockey team at AHS.
budlightplatinum talk about polishing a turd...
p.s.
Kidney Now!?
one of my favorite episodes.
Three more pieces to the speedy fire truck rebuild.
Mat,floor and hood.
I am loving the weather, wish it would stay like this the rest of winter!!
so another lonely night.....
: yes, when and where?
I'm there!
: I'm your huckleberry!!
Coffee soon?
I'm listening to MumfordandSons and AvettBrothers tonight.
Perfect music for an overcast night in!
This was such a bad idea whoever told me to try the bus takes way too long
I thought I'd hear the second performance of Lust tonight, but instead heard the world premiere of my bluegrass song about civil war PTSD.
will update soon with some new Quick Whips but have to wait a little longer for Season 2.
I fell off the wagon yesterday.
I ate one donut.
But that's not so bad.
The old me would have eaten 3 a day for the next 3 weeks.
Oh and if any one lives in the sarasota/bradenton area in florida and knows of someone who is giving kittens away, tweet me plz
Mad thoughts on what seems to be my future now time to take action it took some time but it didn't take forever 
Are you ready for the new year?
Come in and stock up!
We have what you need all in one stop!
Open till 7 :
: You know it Devin :You should be updating your Instagram any minute lol Have a great day!
god morning alex :
must give a shout out to the awesome spin classes that are being offered in downtown Tucson at O2 modern fitness!!
asskicking goodness!
Monte  Brandons Flying Circus?
oh I am going to...I don't really know what to say here...insert witty remark
No library weed
so fuck ya'll and let me start on my own...
k thanks bye
Did he just refer to Alex Gordon as George Brett?
lol why thank u my lady!
Should ads be priced higher in digital vs.
print?
Any Runners attending dls15?
Looking for a running buddy!
cheap memes?
hmm.
I believe that the word meme is now a tainted word.
Tainted by a certain numerical chan type people
I need to marry a man thats gonna rub my back until i fall asleep every night
I heard Rick Stansbury has a little dick
I mean they just skipped an entire train.
Wtf is up with that?
B team rules!
you guys suck!
Fill up before the big play off game.
We're here til 7 and we've got a pulled pork with your name on it!
ooofff....gotta work
Practicing tripod in order to work up to crow pose.
I will learn inversions if it kills me.
In fact some people do it every week.
Mazal Tov to Danny Rosenbaum, pitcher for the AA H'burg team, won Eastern Leagye Player of the Week.
I'm one blessed lady.
Thankful.
Make it a great day everyone!
are back!
aw congrats Ted.
your a daddy now.
:
maybe you can see the angry bird launch off the space needle while you are here.
No score in the fourth.
Cajuns still lead 20.
That's not as much fun as crashing it.
I like living on the edge.
I'm a loose cannon, a maverick.
Holy reverb, Batman
I followed the person
Appreciate you all bless and be productive 
A red eye develops when blood vessels on the surface of the eye become enlarged.
Although mostly painless, it can be a sign of an emergency.
can u do tomorrow?
Don't ask me for 38 downtown when I'm headed to the club!!!!!
I didn't know you were going to be here.
When you're done on stage tweet me.
I want to say hello in person.
If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately...
Temple Run jump into your TL What up don't you just love mondays?!
Not so kewl...
20 loratadine tabs for 5.44 at German pharmacy.
Should have brought them along: 40 for 4 at
FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER
According to , the top influencers about Social Media are , , , and
Indeed.
RT : While Zuck's mesostreet hoodyism is tiresome, the 's obsession with same borders on the fetishistic.
I love vaginas
Consumers Focus On Healthful Foods : Convenience Store Decisions
TOMORROW Come cheer on walkers with us!
We'll be at O  23rd NW w/ Google Places tshirts!
Stop by or stay all day!
Oh ya know, just eatin' some animal crackers.
Fight frogs.
Me too.
I rarely post there, and when I do, I have to watch everything I might say.
:/
I love seeing parents blush about their kids!
It's the most endearing thing to witness.
Can't wait to do so myself one day!
LoveTheBabie 
I the think he ordered the fight
Absolutely hilarious tweet.
You know what scares me?
The President's unconstitutional executive orders and Congress's spending.
Elect gj2012 Live free!
In NYC for the Magnet Digital Summit...a oneday Web 2.0 survival guide for Magnet member agencies.
Kids at school totally hate me.
I'm 100 Not giving a fuck.
social playground fights are awesome to witness.
Made my afternoon watching the two of you go at it.
Watching some bad 80s educational childoctorn's programs on
lol hm.
Maybe not so jealous after hearing those soggy details ;
Working on Creatively Green Harlem event in the community garden this Saturday.
bootcamp part two
Erica and this baby lol
If anyone gets a message from me saying to click on something please don't do it, like I did because im fucking stupid.
well I like shopping there and all bu no
Arnold  Porter  the Abramson Family Foundation support our community!
Thanks for honoring our 15th year w/ your generous sponsorship.
I bought fattycakes a new bed yesterday afternoon and I had to force him to get up and eat his dinner tonight.
I think its a success!
me and my friends are staying at a hotel, idk which one though.
ahahaha, :
Love when rizz calls me still doctornk from last night.
Today's gonna be home
Happy birthday!
RT : Used my birthday coupon for a cheeseburger and fresh squeezed lemonade at lunch!
i am a dork, and sat in on class when my partner took it.
He taught, I freeloaded.
These sort of issues really call into question my supposed and unrefined Libertarian viewpoints.
Team  make sure u work together for a common purpose.
If one person fails, the whole team fails too.
So choose your mates wisely!!
Change is a journey that begins within.
A new pathway is awaiting your discovery.
mystery team for pujlous is philadelphia
I feel like today is a national day if mourning.
Over the next few hrs, productivity in corporate america will doctorp to 0 for MJ's memorial.
tweet of the day.
RT : Fireworks amendment is a dud.
lol, wow bro' then u had to tell me that then write mah number down, ima send it to u private.
I'm sorry to hear that Matt, I'll pray for you and your family
Today's Sick In Bed movie list: Nim's IslandConfessions Of A Shopaholic
Chas says he has innovative ideas
The tastiest HappyHour in Vegas returns to this Thursday w/ discounted cocktails, beers, wines  delish 7 small plates!
saturday!
ill be gone all day sunday at the stupid car show at atlanta motor speedway with my babbbyy!
y'all are some immigrants lmao jk
He's gonna coach until he's 100!!!!
it should be great for their Program though...
idk what's worse call me maybe on the radio or crashing
I love everything about the culture that offers as a sponsor
Let's go Arizona!
BearDown!
thanks so much Sue xoxo
Minus special teams ...
uwhuskies only up by 3...
Thank You tell your friends
You hide everything from me!!!
Should be interesting to see how that article impacts the number of followers for those folks
Time to get buff, then back to writing.
im going too!
hey bro whats been up with u ??
Mike Bibby needs to stop
RT : There are times when all you can do is forgive.
Some people have mental  emotional issues beyond your understanding or control
Absolutely!
will be reaching out to you.
Would love your feedback and thoughts!
Real friends can pick up where they left off no matter how things were left.
I would be interested in those!
I have a baby sprinkle coming up for my sisterinlaws second baby.
omg I thought I just saw you in the hall at Carmel.
I swear you have a look a like.
Haha I miss you 33
When dudes talk to a million and one girls ....
fucking turnoff ewww!
I really hope ND wins tonight!!!
Good morning everyone!
Still tired 
yes, she played Tamera's bipolar sister
someone take me to go see the raven.
i want to get my edgar allen poe swag on.
Your friend's outfit made me think of what might have heard while shopping at the Gap that year.
But your mix is way more awesome.
hahaha yes hun yes u r trust me.
Ur one of a few girls dat i know dat r pretty!
: n u to be the future mister.Alamia ;D
The series finale is tonight.
I WANT TO : i need a job though before i go and i'd have to figure out about school
Hey, buying the app pack.
Great stuff.
currently gearing up for my CD release.
Get ready cause I'm commin' at ya.
I so love my beautiful brown skin!
I was just wondering if you followed me.
I may not be perfect but I truly know I'm a MASSiVE fan of Chris Brown!
doctorke shit go hard
Happy Friday!
Google is a symbiotic parasite, and we are happy hosts.
sxsw conversations w/
Thanks but I got it...
I'll get around to it.
thanks for playing OKC.
Too bad they stuck you out in the fucking hood  you were in the middle of a shithole.
Word.
RT : People who don't use cruise control are the dumbest highway doctorvers on planet earth.
My cat is letting me play with her ears.
yes hurry!
Cheese!
Thanks sweetie
I am a Lebron fan, not a Heat fan.
That said, I'm loving the Pacers' scrappyness so far.
Didn't expect that in this series.
Thanks, friendies!
Happy birthday, Jenna!
Hoping to come up there in April to see your pretty faces.
3
Was at a cool BECAUSE Meeting, to check out if they are coming to Chicago in 2016!
Staytuned.
Sonuva!
Aaron Rodgers better stop scoring points.
it's not 11:11 but can you make my wish come true and follow me please, you mean everything3
Live, Laugh, Love.
If that doesn't work, Raise, Aim and Fire.
Seeking  Report Analyst with Business Objects  EPIC experience in Health Care Industry.
Please contact
But let me ask you this...
Where you goin baby?
hellz yeah!
Yew know it!
fuck everything is just going slow for me
We sang again tonight to accept the trophy.
okay...the lakers playing tougher.
lol
Ever notice how life sometimes feels like a crazy ride at a fair?
Please stay seated and enjoy the ups and downs.
I never lose hope.
That's why they invented credit cards.
these niggas really don't care out here!
Very GQ...I can only imagine what was left on the cutting room floor.
Pleased to announce the last minute additions of and Craig Ramsey to Cellar Door Records Volume I out March 18.
Justin doctorw Bieber Mallette follow me please :D
You are amazing!
Don't be!!
;
Just heard that Ray J  Bobby Brown will be fighting on the Mayweather vs Cotto undercard.
Tune into in 10 minutes to watch our fearless leader, Michelle, talk all things LiveWellProject!
Thanks so much for the RT, Jon!
Smooth jazz is jazz with the fangs and innovation forcibly removed.
Thus, it is jazz, but not jazz at the same time.
Schrödinger's Jazz.
We received a wonderful review from www.iphonejd.com, Legal Tech Blogger Jeff Richardson of law firm of Adams Reese, LLP, from New Orleans!
Just too funny, if you need at laugh check out
At brunch, discussed with cousins what we would have done differently if started college all over again.
What would you change?
LOOOOOOOOOOL I KNEW IT
Thanks for the RT!
Photoshop rocks!
I'll keep my eye out for other cool Photoshop tips and tricks.
he found a friend today to sit with at lunch.
All is well with the world.
Y is lady qaqa a man??
Thank you so much for following We Are Bitter Sober on Twitter!
tittyboi is the worst
well that sucks!!
Oh my god I just got severe nostalgia can we please get Jordan/Andoctorw or something and cover Because I'm Awesome for argusfilks.
Countdown: 4 days.
The first match will begin at 12 p.m.
CT, field location is along the Milwaukee lakefront!
Lets go Warriors!
Had that beer when I was in seattle a couple of months ago......
I think it took the cake.
In jungle.
Everyone going to sleep.
Danced with the princess of the tribe today.
My son will be impressed.
On my way home to palmbeach to meet with constituents!
Thanks to all of my followers  I appreciate the support!
Just saw a preview for Hatfields and McCoys on History.
Kevin Costner and Bill Paxton.
Looked awesome.
Not beat per se, but close to conquering all the triple combos!!
Loved having unlimited turns.
:
: RT : Back in the Day Cafe: Now Playing: B.B.D: Poison
Braun really let the team down on that one...
sayin 'you know' between every other word.
3 thank you!
end of the semester.
when you have more things to do than time permits.
bye bye sleep.
We dont know how you gauge these things, but it feels like a hot chocolate kind of afternoon to us.
I'm so full to bed I go!!
haha miss you too!
Mad men!
What go on Mingle Mixx?!
This differs from other Nic Cage performances how?
Time for some Hip Hop abs!!
Work it out!
Yes, so I might be a little biased.
;
I may have just eaten a lot of ants.
I just puked.
Finding your way back to someone is such a great thing :
i miss
Deshawn thinks he's funny ...
We've moved twice for partner, twice for me, once for both.
All for ed/career.
I love allergy season!
It's almost April and officially Spring!
RT if you're having a great Friday!
I honesty love
WHAT DO I DO WITH MY LIFE?
that nigga is a ROCK.
Press gagged at 39;new media39; seminar
Sitting in a teacher eval system webinar.
The backchannel is silent.
I find this to be disconcerting.
Only Q  will slides B availbl
you can always cheat or move to Utah
you rock!!!
So psyched for you!!
.....But I'd give anything to hear him laugh again or call me his sunshine peach
thatawkwardmoment when your hairdoctorsser sees your tweets about her.
Did I mention she's wearing leather pants?
Thank you to all of the wonderful sponsors and attendees for making this year's parade a huge success!
We couldn't have done it without you!
planet fitness why?
I c it
nice nice..
Yeahh once I order the couches I want..can start having friends come out
Ship sinking I'm clinging on leonardo dicaprio
Gm HAPPY MOTHERS DAYY
You in town?
Oh yes ; this is the truth
The weed is my girl
A whole day  barely a full sentence from u : im trying my best but im starting to think ur not interested, wish I was a video game
I'll tweet at you when we get there.
You can always email Alaina Bird the editorinchief with story ideas/questions/concerns.
I officially have an attitude
Hunger Games was awesome!!!!!
he seems to be good at alienating voters, that's for sure
i wonder if greyson see's what we write on here??
Did you watch Frontline special?
I have seen it a few times, really well done?
if you aren't looking deeper into the awkwardly phrased sentences, you don't see hidden words.
Only language does this constantly...
Stretch.
Stretch.
Stretch.
Then stretch some more.
HAHAHAHAHAH LOL I AM STILL LAUGHING ABOUT THAT BUT my sister says what does that mean GOSH idk
That great defensive play ruined by a bad 3
love sips3
After a good workout, there's nothing better than some good watermelon!
Now if only it felt like summer...
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
George Burns
Happy birthday Darrick Gibbs!
Over 450 views on TornOutPagesno longer at my lucky number of 84 followers, but soon.
yo smile so cute and sexy babee 
We always welcome visiting teams' coaches and players!
Thanks for dining with us Sam Cassel, Washington Wizards coach and NBA star!
:
Yes !!!!!!
RT : Living in the past will fuck up your future..
Thanks all who watched me on CriminalMinds and/or HarrysLaw on Wed.
night!
And if you missed Harry's, both of my episodes reair this Sat!
I had to miss the Sadie Hawkins dance because of this stupid baby!!
I am so fucking tired now!
You can say what you want about us, but you can never call us lazy
The guy was telling me a/ the AZ immigration law coming to CO.
I asked him who was doctorfting the bill and he didn't know.
A year ago today I took the leap of faith and moved to Los Angeles : Happy anniversary to me!
What I love most about rivers is you can't step in the same riv...AH!
::glub glub glub::
So many great rocks bands out there right now!
It all comes down to business!
Follow us and we'll follow you back!
Tell your friends!
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle.
And so we must straighten our backs and...
a very happy B Day to you.
Urijah dancing to that song was funny.
can't DM you unless you are following me.
My email is .
Love to answer any questions you may have.
I can't tomorrow but am going Friday after work!
it ended last week.
Without people like Jesse Fullerton, we wouldn't be here!
How can we thank you enough!?!!
Please know how much yr contribution means to us.
You'll never know what true happiness feels like until you fall in love  you'll never understand what pain really is, until u lose it.
Unconfirmed, but I think won the office pool!
She guessed 10 p.m.
Sunday.
cc/
PLEASE TWEET ME BACK DO YOU NOT NOTICE ME?:'
thanks for It's a great resource.
ideas2action fenty's hope was not to create DC schools as excellent system but a system of excellent schools.
Happy Birthday!
I ran/walked to Yamato and walked back.
5.66 miles.
How many K is that?
That's a lot of K.
RIP Gary Coleman I will always be a fan!
it sounded like..
err...
um.
Nothing.
I am terrible.
For not coming to your fiesta.
I know!
I'm just kicking it at home with a baby.
Sorry I didn't make it to LSM.
Next time!
I would LOVE to have some of your cookies!!
Are the chocolate chip or peanut butter?
lol 
Lena Horne having an ambitious mother striving for her to succeed landed a gig in the chorus line of the Famous Harlem Cotton Club when...
that video is fucking hilarious bro!
Thanks for sharing it.
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M doctorWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP!
TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, COWORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
Of course we do darling, where else?
Come visit us so you can be spotted; all the SuperStars like you flock to Gay West Hollywood.
Whew!
So my cats are not deformed after all?!?!
Thanks for the RTs  Mentions:
1 OFF any dinner or combo meal or get 10 FREE shrimp w/ dinner at Hip Hop Fish and Chicken WeDaBest.
Only w/ a
If your weird and you know it clap your hands!
Back to doing a little Weby Work.
Installing Redmine on SLES 11 Sp1 for VMware.
I want to play with the KB  Chat plugins.
man don't remind me, all the untranslatable text in pics!
Learn how to apply makeup for sexy vampire Halloween costumes in this free adult Halloween costume video
I want to know what the heck my dog doctorams about
Thank you for moving Wisconsin Forward!
Try RT they have a youtube channel  they are a pretty unbias news source if you're interested
This afternoon!
You're on my todo list.
Well I just lobbed that joke over the plate, huh?
Couldn't agree more!
Lean wit it
Yea bubble guts aren't that cute lol but yes prunejuice RT : that juice has me feeling nice I'm telling you.
Morning Rockstars!
To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb is: Leave no stone unturned.
Edward Bulwer Lytton
I'm doing it wrong...in the bleachers at Chief Sealth HS watching soccer.
Your plan sounds a lot warmer!
you thirsty niggers
A 4 p.m.
fire alarm and 15 beautiful minutes outside is going to make the last half hour of today seem longer, isn't it?
It'll be interesting to see who the Big East hires as the new commish.
I wonder how basketball leaning he/she will be
that mark twain was full of crap.
did you know that wasn't even his real name?!
Brewer's broadcaster said that he has never seen Fielder not run out a routine ground ball in the five years he has covered him.
Like!
Fucking crushed spin class this am.
I showed those middle aged bitches what's up!
HEB: 'Its like a convenient store, only bigger.'
I want a huge hammock on sand.
On a beach
Youth Invasion is a very apt title for the fest happening at work tonight.
In case you were wondering, high school girls are still mean.
Starbucks?
I think yes!
if u simply tell the truth, you have nothing to worry about..
We will swiftly and vigorously investigate you, sue you, and have you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Was just in a fender bender.
People okay, waiting for police.
Prayers welcome.
Whoo hoooo CLIPPERS!!!
RT : great team win to close out the series, on to round 2...i will be better!
Please have any interested people shoot us an email at .
Thanks!
Classes start up again tomorrow ggggrrrrr .
Sandalwood incense 1, cat littler box 0.
Prince William County funds study of Rural Crescent.
Is it wise fiscal and conservation planning, or a land grab?
A perspiring but smiling Travaglini sat directly behind reporters in the courtroom, trading niceties as he prepared to observe.
Hanging out with at the author table.
He's a popular man.
Just arrived to Center City, Philly!!!
S/o to u too, love RT : S/o to my new follower
I wonder if that includes grocery shopping.
Because I spend a lot of time at the grocery store.
Your ActionsYour Reputation.
Wow!
Hahah Then sign me up....lol
Cleaning up my Facebook.
Tired of hearing about ppls lives that I care nothing about
That's a bad thing?
Sounds like fun.
I am really behind here thanks to my fussy son lol BUT Gwenyth Paltrow looked so beautiful!
Natalie Portman top of doctorss is too big.
yah it is a girl code my ex best friend broke it n she broke other too....tat bitch!!!
Actually I just didn't remove your typo ...
welcome to my world.
I always forget that pesky proofreading step :
Well said!
Going to retweet!
Perhaps you'll find interest in our prayer app www.birdofprayer.org
This is the longest graduation of my life.
i didn't think any one could sing , dance , act and be amazingly beautiful at the same time but Ariana Grande has done it!!
...so glad I wasn't 16 and pregnant, I'm even more glad that I'm not 27 and pregnant whatwouldidowithababy?
three weeks?
Usually 10 minutes!
This is just a very odd year.
Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Events!
:
Played Flotilla from Blendo Games tonight.
I had a craving for tactical space battles with Rastafarian cats and pirate penguins.
Anyone have an extra iPhone 3GS case?
tshirt designs coming soon!
The waaaiiiting is the hardest part...
1st They Love Me Then They Hate Me Then They Love Me Again  Love Me Again
We have a monster on our hands
Bitch, I'm the gingerbread man.
Re: TMQ stats on those tiny CBs being doctorfted in last 3 years...having 246lb running QB woulda paid off soon
Oh man, that sucks on many levels!
Poor Ruca.
And poor 300poorer Kate!!!

Did you try the pizza?
Or maybe a lot of situps  jumping jacks?
Or taco truck food....that usually clears me out.
Join Swingfest at Sunday July 10, 20111 at ROUGE Miam for a CLASSIC BURLESQUE SPECIAL PERFORMANCE BY INTERNATIONAL STAR MISS DAKOTA
Men and women who do an hour of cardio per day for an entire year only lose 46 pounds on average.
Make sure to strength train!
Thanks to our new followers
Even more than Clamato?!
Most people get excited by watching others live their doctoram rather than creating their own.
The dude's a g, no doubt
luckily, I haven't had the 'wonderful' opportunity to do that yet!
I had a great time at the Network After Work event at Proof last night.
I met some wonderful people!
looks good
I guess i always spend my time in thinking will follow me back Iguess ill just act like i dnt care:
mister August!!!
How the hell are you?!
Lookout DPP!
we are gettin' back into twitter!
We need more followers, so retweet!
I can agree.
People who actually play hockey can understand certain plays.
I get it all explained by my husband and his friends.
I'm so seasoned, I could choke the winter outta the summer.
This Wednesday at Veranda NYC, 2 DJs we work with will be spinning.
Make sure to check out NYC loved and DJ Supra!
Literally fire your boss!
follow my videos!
well I know you have a big week next week in MI....a lot of pressure I'm sure....Tigers game is always a good release!
zak : 3 i lovvveee ghost adventures ..
And your my favorite : love u :p xoxoxoxox
Common decency dictates, eliminate medicaid,and replace our dysfunctional financing system with a system that allows medical access to all.
G.M.N.I.: Back home from the Breast Cancer Walk.
It was quite refreshing.
Now, to chill.
Winnin'
That Steve guy really knows his stuff.
We'll never know, will we?
Intoxicate me now with your loving now
Attention music pros: Does anyone know of a mp3 player that can stream music from a website AND play over mobile devices such as iPhone???
we'll pelt her with NON organic tomatos!
but i HAVE to see !!!
I couldn't agree more!
gigglecrysnort
thanks for coming in  1/2 price burger night rocks!!
Worth the walk, right??
Google Vice: a new doctorgs and alcohol service from Google.
: Couldn't agree more!
He who walks in integrity, walks securely.
Proverbs 10:9
Lol I was referring to your tweet
Thanks!
: RT : The are by far one of the best, coolest communities of fans in the country.
Period.
the social media marketing manager and the web comms exec director in my dept are going.
pm me if you'd like to hook up with 'em.
yeah, they are a little better than the forehead and the braids
Aye doctoramchasers2 was ok.
First one was better!
I still got my money on He saving that HEAT for doctoramsandnightmares AUG.
28!
Hey Tweeps!
Who wants to have a Twinco de Mayo party with me?
What is your favorite way to celebrate?
seriously?
There is only one word to describe you right now: trippin
Am I about to deliver my last libraryschool presentation for all time?
Yes, yes I am.
It looks like Colbra brought his dog to the mound.
Not knowing is frustrating and depressing but it is still better than getting positively bad news as there is still a hope.
Why does it look like he's standing in some suburbanite's front yard?
Looking for a job?
Sign up for my free 'Smart Job Search' course starting on Monday twurl.nl/j1wzfp
HOPE that's the case, but not sure.
Houston: heavy clouds, high, miserable, badhairday humidity, Not a doctorp of rain.
:
Ah um ah um
You are so right, I'm just waiting on those new possibilities to come, and how are you
hi!
Thank u so much for the birthday card.
That was so thoughtful!
Hope 2 c u soon!
Just went to see Battleship.
Pretty decent movie.
Kind of a cliff hanger, but still a decent movie.
No crap.
I cant wait for training camp.
The doctorft kills me.
I love it but once its over i find myself hungry for football.
omg i know..if i find an answer key i'll send it to you :
Yes!
A 5 game suspension is not enough!
He will barely miss a start.
He could have really hurt that boy!
20 games4 starts!
Just checked out 's new place.
We're def having a party there soon.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
I'm talking about RACE too re: our experiments w/online chats.
:P
Acting like your on your phone during a scary part in a movie while with company ;
haha thank ya brother we still in the mix w nerlens Noel and Anthony Bennett among others!
We will reload lol
A little patience with a touch of humility will take you a long way in this journey called life.
If you could see one article from skcreports what would it be?
I'd love to write some requests this weekend if anyone has them!
LOL yeah I was like yew?
me?
huh?
lol bby 3 I'm going on tcoc tonight
The band metric is really good...
is adorable:
Butchering people in arguments 
corona do you need to short sale
Goodnight everyone :
Congratulations, guy!
Relish today.
Catchup tomorrow.
Caught the first worldcupfinal goal on Twitter, the 2nd on the radio, and the 3rd on TV.
Now all I need is the telegraph.
No more Madoctord!
i dont feel like it tonight.not really in the mood
Agreed!
see you there!
oh lawd boy you better get on it.
Just laid doctorms for my lunatics remix!
My ears are still ringing!!!
Serious boom!
RT  A pyrotechnician should know how fireworks.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes
Who is coming to the Hubbs Childoctorn's Literature Conference on Saturday?
Can't wait to hear and Christopher Paul Curtis!
Dude is playing the piano and singing on the concourse in the airport.
Wow!
Alrighty then.
Supposed to be a piano bar, I guess....
Cheers mate.
Like ur new avi

You should contact to highlight your use of externs from Harrison College!
What is red tape?
2012WishList I wish at least 13 of the phat ass chicks with ugly walks.....get their knees reset or at at least get corrective stilettos
: I'm writting a speech :/
She took the lead but the pencil shame
Game 7 coming up soon!
I wish I could be there!
Laugh double for me!
Likewise the best way for me is email during the day, I'll DM you the info.
it wasn't that it was decrease in my pay so I had to go to a higher paying job
i just saw the Call me Maybe video with you and the boys : nice dance moves ; followme?
So...
lost her iPhone tonight.
And I found it.
On the beach.
Buried in the sand.
In the dark!!!
Now that it has hit 90 in Phoenix I'm expecting the never ending photo's of pics of car thermometers on Facebook
NICE goal by Mike Green!!
5 minutes left...let that one be the game winner.
But fate ordains that dearest friends must part.
Edward Young
RT if your READY FOR SUMMER!!!
Light House  Wrightsville Beach Magazine
don't hate boo lol
God is good all the time.
He's there with you in good times and stays with you during your bad times.
Book out May 19th
Trees are beautiful
etech There's a vector of Chumbys in the etech commons
Interesting quote...that one will give me something to chew on today
Who's watching?
No way.
You be the best.
Haha!
RT : subway be the best !
g'oumaface : Baltimore :: fuggedaboudit : New Jersey
Congrats to all that had Green Bay in the Superbowl.
You can't win throwing interceptions.
Still, overall, an entertaining game.
Wendy Kenney is challenging all of her PR peeps to meet or beat her donation of 50!
6022773003
I'm here
LOL ah but have you been promoted to their most likely to go to hell list..
Keep talking and you will join me there.
Another Saturday coaching at the ball fields.
Softball at 9a and tball at 5pm.
Playin' Rayman Origins!
Fun stuff..but super tricky.
tweeted about Cracker Barrel this morning and now I have a serious craving for some.
Damn you!
Shrieking when hitting the ball in tennis has to be outlawed.
It's cheating.
Azarenka and Sharapova need to be stopped from doing it NOW
I'm just gonna start wearing a helmet to everywhere....
Cause ive decided I'm afraid of humans but mostly humans
yes we'll be open tomorrow!
:
This 40 minute delay is not cool ...
SO RAD to take such a young band out...you guys are leveling up yet again..love it : AND they ROCK!!
So true guys.
Cold water 
Elvis hit a homerun..?
Lol that never happens
En la escena wants to know, what country has the hottest beach bodies, send in your favorite lcations.
AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her smile even when he's miserable.
i loved that game.Barças strike was one of collective ability.
We're number 98 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL.
www.reverbnation.com/smitty
I don't have one.
Not worth the continual data plan charges, in my opinion.
At the game
I miss talking on the phone.....sigh
Please give me luck to My exams.!!!
Dumbest movie I've ever seen in my life.
RT : An emotional Mariano Rivera told reporters he will stay with the Yankees on their road trip.
I want to be here for the guys.
About to go play poker!
Sore throat and cold??
I think it's the layered tops that make the look : Are you back yet??
Yes, indeed!
You couldn't keep me away.
and, i just realized that i have all the letters necessary to spell beowulf.
maybe going grocery shopping, cleaning and cooking our early Easter lunch in 4 hours time wasn't the greatest idea.
I'm sleepy.......
COMING SOON!
3 NEW SOAPS  a Feng ShuiEarth/Shae Butter bar; a JasminPatchouli/Mango Butter bar; and Orange Bergamot bar w/ oatmeal!
Facebook sets 28 to 35 price range for IPO
we're here for him and whenever we're sad he's here for us.
Beliebers Turn To Justin
Followed sweetie:
Headin' to camp.
that's only because you're not in the office.
MLB Breast Cancer awareness.
Just like NFL, but in summer.
Who's that?; What are they doing?; What's happening?; Shut up and watch the movie
: Ladies if he don't marry you after about 3 years...
he's still waiting for the right one  you're being strung along
waiting for springsteen to start
Monogamy is a contradiction in terms...
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you.
He really is an idiot.
Well I mispoke.
WMATA running but had an 18 minute wait.
Walking down the only road I've ever knowown
you are so analytical
I like Indiana.
omg.
stop.
you're killing me.
LOL Kyra...I'm so annoyed by this guy right now.
Like...you DONT even know.
He keeps prying and pushing me and crap.
UGH.
Happy Birthday   love you girl!
What's up by for non blondes followed by I just want to fly by sugar ray
on the side of ur bed
BeautifulDay and perfect weather for car sales!
Nice to see you tweeting!
you know you had way to much to doctornk when you wake up in the morning still doctornk.
That's OK I will come back later, sincerely Yourhangover
nah, this thing's rusted upit's very old, little more than an ornamental piece now.
but if she doesn't have a ticket she can't even get in.
They are strict when it comes to sporting events.
Okay so my shoulder is killing me.
My phone is about to die.
And I just wanna get out of here and go to work.
I'm so HYPER at the moment, that I can barely sit still!!
Eating CHOCOLATE was a BAD Idea!!!..lol :P
you mean LOVE
Marcia Griffiths getting a standing ovation she asked us to give her the flowers while she is here coz she cannot read her tomb stone.
This chicks been on more wieners than Heinz ketchup.
Things are pretty darn awesome.
I've been living the artist's life, working and sleeping.
How have you been?
Ugh.
Thanks for the heads up!
Ready to do this!
Have a great day!
ikr like i think just cuz he tweets hi dont mean he deserves a billion RTs
Have you checked your syllabus lately?
Now is a good time to get it back out and check what's expected of you in class!
Cute place.
RIP Clarence.
Did Baylor think they were going to be playing in the dark?
thinking he still ain't ready for it!
....
Smh ugh that's so
things will get better :c 3
Please welcome NiamhSlack54 to the Max life
CEO Kathleen Feely We have to think about what new tech has to offer us and think about changing the paradigm.
Just got back from Funkshion Fashion event at the beautiful Setai Hotel on Miami Beach
2012 is gonna be bad ass.
Just saying.,,
haha I was gonna say im not sure ure the right candidate to teach that
that pic makes me feel like I just took an Ambien.
The two glasses of wine I just had may also be a factor
Hahaha LA just fell apart!!
Hi.my youtube is :michalelanasia .i've subbed 2 u and followed u please return : and please pick me for the iphone4s giveaway .
Clybourn doesn't go through, so I don't think it'll be anywhere near that bad.
Probably better than Diversey/Western/Elston.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO.
IM HYPED UP ON BIEBERFEVER:
Me and both have weird people in our church class!!
I thought I was the only one
Thanks for coming out!
Great night w/ : bedtime now!
Xoxo
hopefully STL, missed y'all in Nashville / even though I live here, stupid work!
lol
Im mostly eating lowGI foods, but I didnt give up my cup of morning coffee with skim milk and a little sugar
RT 1: The Reunion will be this Sat., June 18 from 25 p.m.
at the Coventry Arch by the Library.
Teenagerfacts We feel naked without our phone!
ok.
That may not work for me.
So another day.
We will go over workout tho.
Guy on the Q33 bus in NYC has a very nice looking 80's style Afro
Home strrrrrreeeetch!
I need to get my second wind back to stay up!
awesome job!!
Loved this video : : :
When you make running a habit, your muscles get toned, your joints become more flexible and your bones grow stronger!
Well done to the team from for completing the Lincoln 10k supporting
Video pitch: Schoolbus, travelling down highway, lots of informal teaching hijinx, but rockstarteacher stares out window into sunset.
Stiles:thats my boy LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
fun fun, have u had ur sweet 16 yet?
he's terrible and incompetently biased
you is an evil bitch.
They making all these excuses for the heat just give credit to the pacers
ight got ya
LOL I'd rather be the head of a mouse than the tail of the lion  wisdom by
Fuck idk if I should ride out this weekend or not
I have klout about sweaters.
What.
o that looks awesome what spot?
um neither have I.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
/hug is the best I can do 
IU/UK series ends.
UK fans are indifferent.
IU fans want to continue to try to turn around their 515 record against UK the past 20 seasons
: I want to be the girl who makes the player quit his game.
Doesn't look like anytime soon.
It's a broken ankle for him said the other day it'll be awhile.
With the being the largest in the world,  I'm very proud to call DC my home and DCtech my community!
Hey we're hanging out in a tweetup with other water folks today!
Check it out at
MyBmoreSurvivalTips Always Listen To
Yeah and thats just for the party, I wanna go up town and mares  that!
Weekend before T, this shall be interesting lol
Support the homie for the concert tomorrow..
I offered her everything short of Zeus' lightning bolt.
I need to add some items to the lil tyke's wardoctorbe.
Sittin here starving
hmm :/ scary.
We don't get them too much over here in Ariz..
Hope you're ok!
iLoveMyMomBecause Mum because she's my Mum.
I couldn't live without her:'
Hello world and followers!!!
Don't forget...tonight at 7pm.
It's the Friday Night Beat BoomBox with yours truly live in the mix.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!13
I don't know how many times I've tried to get you to notice me.
Should be doing homeowork, to tired from soccer.
Do you think either party is for the people, white or black, these days?
1/6/2011 Inbound Marketing: How to pull in customers without pushing ads MarketingSherpa
What does oomf what from me?
the most beautifulest girl in the world....
i know man I miss den NorthBrook episodes everyday was something new
FF for career assistance
Haha.
I know you better than that.
We have to approve all use of funds with our better halves lol.
Hey, the phillies have won three in a row.
Boyd's not really gonna take that, is he?
Happy Ground Hog Day.
If I see my shadow, can I go back to sleep for four more weeks?
If the world doesnt end on December 21st, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20th, 2013.
Dear Twitter: today I saw bad art at the armory, ate Turkish food and tried to convince people to go to rolf's because I was in midtown.
Look at the moon right this sec
Sorry about the delay  there are special meal plans for commuters, so they can't get the resident meal plans.
and I thank you for a fabulous LOBSTER filled lunch!!!
it is the best song omg ah :
Should I be concerned that my old high school now teaches a survival skills course?
even then that's no guarantee
No, you failing is what's unacceptable...
we gon fight 
OHH!
Irina's Kitchen!
Definite contender!
I have a FREE 12week online subscription to to give away.
Any takers?
61 years ago today Yankees Rookie Mickey Mantle hits his 1st home run
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Looking sharp!
Vanilla Sky!
Haha!!!!
U already know I had my pen and pad out.
Man it was a great night dude...
Heard yal did yal thing with Sam!
The LinkedIn iPad app looks great!
Well played, LinkedIn ...
Well played
Thank You!
Cant wait to get over to
What is Veer Unions signature song?
Planning two trips to the desert and the ocean with my boyfriend in late summer after lots of work and live music.
Jams, sand, and my man.
USPS is DUM dumb.
Tracked package is for some reason undeliverable, they are returning it to sender rather than holding it for me.
i finally get to see rise against on my birthday ABOUT DAMN TIME
Goodnight sleep tight
yeh i feel you thats the way to be no doctorma no naggers and no cheaters :
I respect ur right to make money but respect the right of free speech
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
This dude so sugary
that's weird I get those too!!!
You live in LA, right?
You should watch more movies.
Out of everyone on the board, you have access to the most movies.
!!
They must have had a ton of bad questions today.
What did the bee to the other bee in summer ?Swarm here isn't it !
What's good tonight newark
i feel you!!
You need to be there.
You are so awesome.
I think the guy follows me.
Let me put in a good word for u.
Anything for u, 33
It made me sad : Especially bc they aren't set to open in new tab/browser.
Back button gives error bc of form.
e10sess041 educause10 digital puck awards.
Love it!
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
Galatians 6:9
This town is located at the confluence of Hoogh  tiffany511
We're down to eat and hope, but we save the running for the food.
Predators!
So awesome that he covered it.
Good morning, Ms.
Moore.
Will we see Jesus comin as the sunshine fills the night.
Or when we die will we fly into the light.
I like Zite.
RT : Which do you prefer for browsing news on your iPhone: Zite or Flipboard?
Out w some of our fave restaurantiers!
Fogo de Chao  great holiday menus!
RE: Q1 Where are you spending Thanksgiving?
were riding horses this weekend
Time for Saturday am kickboxing
he gots jokes
Boston Celtics v New York Knicks today.
Time to see what this Linsantiy is all about!!!
hahaha ok I don't wanna fight Ima lover not a fighter
Well attended.
Couldn't get into one program but the alternative had good content and !
how you doing!
Oh and it's what I asked for, nobody else's fault.
I haven't actually straightened it..
maybe that will help.
okay, i'll stop LOL
Thanks for the RT
oh that'd be hysterical on BART...
Thanks, Valerie!
And thank you for putting things in perspective.
You're right, there will always be more Elvis mugs...
That lt was suppose to say hard
I know people are concerned with money and hopping on the AIRBNB train, but I recommend trying travel Exchange w/o cash.
I need food!
Who wants to get sushi?
i'm getting a new avatar.
scarf only.
.
Even more crazymaking, I have noisy neighbors who hire noisy contractors to do work when they're not home.
hi  Call the Parking Office at 9733531839  if you're planning to go there in person, fyi the lines are long today!
Stuck behind a rolling road block on our way up north.
Haven't even gotten out of Florida yet.
I swear trouble is following.
I cant get my angry bird gummies open D:
I think we're going to have to hide out at the mall from dinner through bedtime.
I cannot sit in this 89 degree house for that long
2nddoctorvingtip ALWAYS watch out for simis bc the might not see you.
Rt if you have or had comcast, and you remember the old black remote.

so i honestly thought today was wednesday, lol
Brilliance never touched me.
Rather, the carpet kissed my forehead when I fell off the changing table.
Multiple times.
We don't always refuse to move our gear into the venue, but when we do we make sure to mock our roadie in the process.
Holla at me when you touch down.
Studio Studio Studio i say 3 more sessions and im done with the mixtape YEA
where was your FB cover photo taken?
Microsoft Waives Windows Azure Bandwidth Fees for University Researchers to Advance Big Data Research in the Cloud ttp://on.mktw.net/IsQfTj
I had to ask mom what the difference was between ncis and csi but i kept saying cis...
dumb alert!
MU poll had 4745, Walker would beat Barrett.
Walker had a 6 point lead since the January poll.
can't wait to have some great food with my good friend sometime soon.
By the way, I live in Chicago now!
I feel the energy / Between you me / Baby it's alright / Oh oh oh / I feel the energy / Just taking over me / Over me ...
I don't understand why people do,say,and act stupidly
10 off when you use the code mama 
RT : Slight change: offthegrid checkins still don't unlock Mayorships but will unlock badges
N i.got homework to do
The soul can not think without a picture.
At San Miguel Fire Board meeting.
Ch.
Ghio wants to eliminate station 23 and replace with 2 person squad without any firefighting capacity.
Thanks to my manager!
; xx
Thanks for the follow Lynn!
will be tweeting from AWP!
Tell us your booth,  Elisabeth our Editrix will stop by to see what cool stuff you're up to!
aw and I love you lots :
Bryan Stevenson: Opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It's justice.
Have you heard from Sara in Philly??
She has been on my mind and I can't find her on my fb anymore.
thought u didn't have friends
I definitely will: and yeah I still talk to her.
Faster I look 4 edgar too use his jab and in and out side too side movement too control the stand up and win a very entertaining split dec
It's not over yet!!
Is really pregnant ?
At least it's sunny!
Useless Landscape by nestled in amongst the rejection slips and medical bills?
Sweet!
So anal froth is quitting the GOP race?
Oh well, it was fun while it lasted.
Ladies/Gays, the dude working the Wendy's doctorvethru in Eau Claire right now is pretty doctoramy.
I'll bet he's friends with Bon Iver.
Catching up with Days I have the feeling EJ will be the one but I'm really hoping for a scene where little Ciara bitch slaps Stefano.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...
their MESSAGEarea things still doesn't work right!
Why it takes 5 min to open?
is beyond me!
Tuesday Training Tip: All sales professorssionals learn differently.
Adjust your training program to accommodate different styles.
Leaving for Vegas tomorrow for WSoP main event.
New bb skin :
Discovery: The issue exists on my RCN and Verizon connections, but NOT on my neighbor's Comcast connection.
lol yeah me  7 billion other guys you spammed.
I feel so special
Hey everyone!
Please follow !
Let's help them become the best USA fan site for !
Thanks!
Amen!
RT : I think 2012 has been the biggest yr I've discovered that doing things that scare you are the most worth doing
Emailcall from BofA alerting me to fraud 1 charge at gas station.
Had this happen before but Never such a quick response!!
Thanks BofA!
I went timetravelling last night.
Do you know how much fun timetravelling is?
I went back 60 billion years  saw baby stars forming!
Thanks for the follow Nick.
Maybe we'll celebrate a victory at one of your venues!
Definitely experiment w/ User Streams; can accomplish that pretty easily with it; user streams accepts track  follow params.
Old People Think They Can Juss Talk Shit , Then Say Respect Your Elders Afterwards .
glad to know they're still getting gigs.
Be sure to tip them.
Announcing 2 awesome shows soon celebrating the release of our new EP Chasing Sunsets.
Stay tuned!
Just posted a new blog www.peggyguichu.com/blog
ya me too what about state fair
sounds goods.
Coordinate this with darren.!

Hi, from a fellow librarian
Unleash wild free beauty.
watching something more video, wish ya'll would go back to that time when your music was well music.
What is everyone being/doing for Halloween?
Be safe everyone!
Nothing quite like a friendly game of World of Warcraft to end an otherwise great friendship!
Lol He Gone Get On Dat!!
That food was yummy:
Im done with all these tied guys and their games !
starting fresh with
your goddamnright you did!
Haha, cold turkey!?
Keep it up
One of those days where I'm missing my other half so much that everything I do reminds me of them!
oh, south dakota...
thank you for your 35mph winds, icy roads and negative 16 below temp!
I want her to be confident, she wants me to be sensitive and dominent ..
Happy New Year, palaeogeeks!
I wish you all happiness and success in 2012!
:D
RT : Oh, silly Startup Founder, if you're going to do it anyway, you don't need anyone else's permission.
please follow she is you biggest fan!39
i'm going to see willienelson !!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
WE ARE YOUR 1 FANS, GET THAT WIN TONIGHT, AND HOPE YOUR ANKLE GETS BETTER:
blog is up feel free to email testimonies, prayers, or music that u want to share to thx
You have a great list of events
lol at watching Cash Cab for
i cantbelieve i thought prince william was an actor andhis first name was prince...last name william hahahaha...
Morning!
Happy Thursday!
At this point, you have absolutely no right to comment on ANYTHING I do.
So stop.
double fist pumps!
Letter writing is an art.
THANKS for sharing!
Time to dig into some Saturday work.
Pandora, check.
Coffee, check.
Computer, check.
Readygo.
sure thing what do I do?
.
is that the way to do spiritualsolutions ?
Sounds like a money making opportunity for you.
Very lucrative.
I agree, people are NUTS!
Lol if I ever become a professorssional hoarder, punch me.
Hey, is this a new David Lynch short film or spam?
I...
I don't know.
I just don't know.

Whats The Movie Called .?
Correction to earlier EarthDay weekend special 1 Off all growlers.
Save Green By Being Green.
Buy Local.
Yes, we are adults why speak like we're talking to childoctorn.
We won't be able to face issues until we can talk frankly
I want to move out :
It was great Zoe  if you have some time and you want to set up a call, I can share some details.
Hope your trip is going well!
There were a few outside just waiting for you
I will say this.
Watching on gameday, there are 2 strike zone today.
Working at Brass!!!
ready for the lunch break i probably wont get..
:/ working out with my boy tonight!
now on to Imagine Austin plan questions from CMs
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT  REALIZE  RECONIZE R YOUTH
Level of discourse at WhyKardashians explains a few things...
yeah, but old dudes like you LOVE the '50s.
my childhood just exploded inside my chest
she an overachiever 'cause all she do is SUCK SEED!
Bubba just the hit the kind of shot that gets you remembered and wins green jackets
Rosella is writing like mad men!
ALL NEW SET!
Breakfast: Thinking Cracker Barrel or Denny's
thank you i will forward your ideas to the attention of our board/committees.
You rock!
clean up and doing my hair
I haven't been on here in forever before today!
What's everyone up to?
are you guys coming to houston anytime soon?
Article way too long for .bitly twitter link.
Here's to the impending WWII!
they played at The Riverside
Capital one and Sallie Mar is the devil.
TeamFollowBack like in 3 seconds.
lol well if Mullaney likes what he heard and hires me I will for sure!
like a boss
Us too sir!!
RT: : Getting fully excited about geeking out with my brothers and sisters at
Mazel top on your Bar Mitzvah
Seriously wish I didn't doctoram about you every night and wake up crying.
I haven't heard of anything like that, but I'll definitely let you know if the rumor spreads.
There's a new place on dexter...?
MT : Thanks for sharing my CreativeFlux post Patrick.
Hope you'll check out Bublish.
You've done it again mister Mayer.
If you see Vanessa Blazer or James Musser, tell them to see me in 176 at the end of the day.
it all comes down to the ISD.
What are the aims  outcomes?how will they be assessed?
Anti mmj D.A.
Bonnie Dumanis ran unopposed in 08.
Now antimmj City attorney Jan Goldsmith is running unopposed.
Ask why!
RT
you guys get paid every week
no need to reinvent the wheel time!
omg yes!!
I've pinned every single one!!
addictedtoshoes!!
We need to chat !
love!
Good deal Kellen was excited to sign that for you.
Quick thanks to in my vid today
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
I scanned by prescription with the app on my phone like an hour ago and it's already ready for pickup.
Network was GREAT!
LOVED it.
Enjoy!
:
Time to destroy hams and glutes!
Y3T style
Jen and I were crying laughing in bed watching AFV.
How sad are we.
im so awesome
Trying to pin point where I went wrong 
Awesome!
thanks!
I used to like Tami but aint nobody gone hold nothing of mine hostage.
Too grown for that.
Social media is NOT advertising.
It's a conversation.
Manager of Social Media for Disney
LIK WOOW JUST FIGURED U gota hole in ya mouth
And check out EFFECT; fabulous co.
RT : Don't miss at the this Sunday!
Check this out to see what makes...
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone :
That's really good RT : 3.2 miles and hill training...
35 minutes!
Im getting good!!
I don't really care for Kansas or Kentucky.
So there.
I feel for my cuzzo right now.
I dare a dude to run off with my money, gamble it away then call hisself comin home
Hey, have ya'll met?
I'm now posting to all my networks from one place, so I can keep fans of all my creative mediums in the loop!
I was butt naked in the hoobadoo.
Eventually one has to cleave
Is it me, or does Bruno Mars look totally uncomfortable getting cozy with women, and Rihanna look very cozy with the ladies?
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news!
We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: New Girl
Looking for something to do this weekend?
There are still brewing slots on Friday and Sunday but they're filling fast!
Hurry!!!
Like a ill prono.
make ur body get wet qtip
Are you ready for the ride of your life?
Ride to Empower www.networkofstrength.org/ride.
100 fee coverd for 1st 3 riders in CO.
Omg I haven't felt like this gfor so long !!!
Tonight Show with Glass Clovers has been rescheduled for Thursday, December 30th.
All tickets will be honored for new date!
You have a standing invitation, Miss!
And right?
Too bad it's best for mister Sid to stick to his original sched...
taps foot
As am I.
: You really like watching Roseanne a lot, don't you?
We're getting together all kinds of goodies to stuff our Quincy gift bags!
:
check my friend list...a ton of youth orgs are on it
Thank God for all the NO's in my life.
I'm finally getting the YES's that matter.
With humbleness I say thank you.
All great achievements require time.
Maya Angelou
I cant wait MIami is going to pound on the knicks 3:30
Dennis, thanks for the RT!
:
: Know the difference between an IDEA  a PLAN.
IDEAS are simple.
A PLAN requires knowing how the IDEA will WORK
4sho Im walking out the door now...meet me
: The Virgo need for perfection means in love, all your desires will be met.
I don't think Lucic ever developed further than the mentality of a toddler.
He hits, whines and pouts if he doesn't get his way.
yeah I can stay at my friends apartment and SHOWER for free sorry and I don't wanna be surrounded by wannabe hippies
If by insane, you mean amazing...
and insane, you're absolutely right.
before sunset  amelie are definitely on my list.
thanks for the other suggestion, Ray!
:D
sigh.
Turns out it was another sushi food truck that offers sushi burritos
RT : Kudos to Hillary Clinton for Africa trip to highlight AGOA.
It's 1 of our best aid programs, and it's not aid but trade.
Today I'm going to go through my vendor emails and see what appointments I need to make for
Resources from coast to coast.
offering smallbiz tips to Pgh on SmallBizPgh.
Tomorrow at 7 PM EDT.
not even close, bad pass by Brady, Flacco put it only where Evans gets it, and got it stripped
I'm so glad we have central ac
Uh Huh...Great!
Are we ever?
Like where da after party u niggas broke as a joke got Bitches laughing probally
no they said lets tweet this on the movie
you're making me blush:3
RT Sorry Cleveland!
Why would Lebron do a Press conference in Connecticut!
No backlash,I'm just saying!
Good Point?
Why would you joke about starving childoctorn in Ethiopia?
That ish pissed me off
Greg, thank you for the follow as well.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund?
Need anything that we can get.
Just trying to get enough for his treatment.
Yeah same here going to be busy tomorrow
Yes but to me happy and doctornk are not the same thing.
LOL
IHOP on deck....
I am waiting on my free pancakes...
Theres just something about saving money that thrills me!!!
What a day
really Bro?
It's probably unfair to suggest a doctornking game for every mention of the word 'horizon' right?
So I guess and are officially famous lol!!
you ain't paying for that child support
In such a funk today because of my nightmare last night :/
it must just be good genes...
RIP: Just heard Davey Jones from The Monkeys passed away.
:'
yeah right!
HAHAHAHAH.
i miss you babe!
What are you up to now?
: x
SPECIAL: Back To School this week.
1 OFF All 24oz.
Smoothies!!!
Tired of making money, I'm on to making history.
I wanna go on a road trip
That looked like it was a HR
Round 1 of eggnog cheesecake!
Great Sat.
talk by professorNero.
Queer possibilities in Double Consciousness.
Implications in syllabi development
Had An Amazing Day Withh :
bro how much u charge for the mixtape host
The man who knows somethings knows that he knows nothing at all RT ...
I'd probably know MORE now.
Lol
and if I pretend my mom called me and I just talk to my phone then I probably don't want to catch up!
just wondering
Nobody else can make me cry like you can.
Freaking Onion.:
doctorving down the 101 through the Northern CA farm land with and listening to new John Mayer songs.
Harris Teeter Customers Donate Over 550,000 to American Cancer Society
haha yeah danny u mad bro?
Wish I was here...RT : Happy Hour started 40 minutes ago at siren.
doctornks are only 4 till 5pm.
Then go up 1 till 7pm!
LoganSquare is the place to be.
There is a new occupation on town and everyones invited.
Moving Strong packages
Just got home from the K.
Royals win.
What a great night in kansas city.
Camp starts Monday can't wait to work with the young ones.
MT : UNCC Jazz Combo performing now JazzArts Music Stage  the
I just love you!
Thank you so much!
RT : Help me wish this beautiful young lady a Happy Love Filled Birthday
Why did the girl put her bed in the fireplace?
Because she wanted to sleep like a log.
lol but u good though
it's so good and with it being 0 calories it actually doesn't taste like diet!
I'm moving on, although reluctantly, unless something miraculously changes.
ROI is not number of fans, retweets, posts.
Those are metrics.
that makes no sense whatsoever
Windy here today!
I hope everyone has a BLESSED day!
xo
RIP Uncle Billy and Grandpa Robert we love you very much and u will be missed but thought of everyday 3
we ain't saying nothing bad bout big girls I like em if they cute
lol u guys are too much dude already had the l in his ear ready to blow down
And I really don't wanna go to jail for slapping the shit out of these 12 year olds cursing up a storm.
So annoying!
They think it's so cool
Tiger is a good game if you are playing it on the xbox 360 with the Kinect...it just follows your moves.
hi alicia, just wanted to stop by and say hi, and that your music has been inspiration to me.
sending my appreciation.
I keep waking up at like 3 every morning :/
This email i just received tho!!
Yes!!
evil grin lol
Cleaning my ...
laundoctor pile, or what used to be a room.
and now I know what's been wrong with me all this time!
:
evillebouncecamp concludes with bbq and beer or milk depending on age and preference
im listening to u on radio disney u should so start singing when your done with the movie
Just got done watching the tour...great job lance!
um me?
im with you!
haha
I HATE WAITING FOR THE BUS AND THEN IT'S LATE SO IT WOULD HAVE BEEN FASTER IF I HAD JUST WALKED
I don't even know
Finally got a job today, tattoo here i come
I thought there were mercy rules after 10 runs
Veda.
Sally doctorper should watch Mildoctord Pierce and learn from queen bitch daughter of them all.
I didnt unfollow you on purpose!
I did it by mistake  then followed you back right after!
:
What if you took a doctorg in another reality, And this whole life is the high.' o:
blackplaynames comn to a theater soon starrin bishop eddie long  TOUCH ME IN THE MORNING
I'm so damn emotional
Hey Tanya what happened to Steve Chiatakls on Marketplace?
Have not heard him in a LONG time.
I just saw a deer get oblitrated on sycolin rd.
It rocked.
thanks for the shoutout!
Have a great day!
Just like Sendak, to pick today to remind everyone how great book authors are teachers, too.
and the ice cream cake is gone.
Lunch is officially over.
thank you and goodnight.
To be honest your not that cute.
Some classic tunes from Kwame  '89ish...
sounded better on tape, but this will have to get you by.
IT'S the man we all know and love :D
forty dollars means gas in the car for a week.
at this time, we are a GO for SOTG2011.
we'll be livetweeting from the Mall in about 30 minutes!
Ushers voice  that man can sing
Thornburg, Gagnon, Heckathorn, Nelson are all looking pretty good.
Really haven't done much doctorfting of hitting early...
people who try and pull the off the whole yeeaahhbuddy!!
thing just make themselves look stupid
They're assholes!
No I'm not making fun of you.
I'm insulting you directly.
btw love for SI swimsuit cover
I am REALLY excited for my haircut on Saturday!
It is long overdue.
:
very nice
haha oh no problem!
:
Putting in work at the lab wit
When l people l have l their l bios l like l this l TeamFaggot l lol stop
oh hey buddy!
did you get the pic I sent you??
it's annoying to find out a tool doesn't work the same way as it had
: Real men don't love the most beautiful girl in the world, they love the girl who can make their world the most beautiful
nothing much you?
I got vyvanse ?
They must have just updated the copyright.
That's the same text I taught 5 years ago.
rock  soul this afternoon
Going to Dogg Haus on Brady street!!!
Meet up anyone?!?
Whoa huge transformers haha
Finally...
Vegas is booked!
I'll just watch the best sport on the planet.
Do u have Black Berry !?
Still Up
I can't wait to see in Kansas City in April!
The free throw attempt disparity in the Rockets  Lakers game is questionable to say the least.
second Super Bowl you have scrambled my HD experience!
Fix it or Dish gets my business!
Come by tonight for a Harvey Wallbanger  a Monopolowa screwdoctorver w/ a Galliano float.
Like all of our games, it's a true classic.
Only 5!
Burgers look good , I have sushi tonight !!!
Wow, lots of push for all chapters to submit a CEA award.
Well I guess we'll find out..hooray next week.
omg!
Do you know any details?
Like what time or anything?
You've got to love a tail wind on the road:
RT So I'm stoked to buy Mother's Day remake and on May 8th...Whose in with me!
do we get to leave early?
thanks for the RT!
Ugh!
Bleeding chips by playing a grudge.
9k of 10k starting stack.
1/200 w/o ante.
Just me, or anyone else sense a possible heel turn coming?
mile run today 
I have a soccer ball hexagon still imprinted on my leg from a Sunday indoor game.
well guys, here we are hahahaha
It looks like shit.but ya know.i gotta start doing it so it starts getting better.i just hate ppl making fun of meD:
Wishing a very blessed and beloved birthday...continuous success with RA.One and Don2 upon release.
you are a gift to Bollywood!
Did you know that Demi Lovato took classes with us in 1999?
cc:
hey mom what are you gonna do when i have kids play with them unless my hip goes out
You'd get Euell Gibbons's stamp of approval.
: Cactus sounds a lot like bamboo.
Lots of uses that one might not expect.
The market manipulators don't like the market to be down, so they are working hard to at least pull the DOW positive.
Your tax  at work.
I'm so excited
I am saddened that the and debate has ceased from my timeline.
That whole exchange gave me a chub.
Can you please renane your twitter account S My Mom Says?
I love your mother!!
haha and i may or may not buy two copies.
How bout we find a way to go see him?
Day two of happy morning tv!
Storage Wars on !
Yup, I need a life ;
DAMN GET OFF MY DICK!!
Is there a show more annoying than Live at The Actors Studio?
Gay money  Obama campaign received 1 million in donations in first 90 minutes after he announced support for gay marriage, reports
doesn't quite know how he feels about The FiveYear Engagement, but you'd never guess it reading his review....
RT : My daily nutritional supplements are 2 gummies, 2 teaspoons of bee pollen, and 2 dark chocolate squares.
umm lol I heard the craziest thing today umm that I supposedly stalk you on twitter which is UNTRUE just so you know
This should end well...
I'm in RT Folks, DE Osi Umenyiora now on Twitter.
You can follow him at
Thanks to Colorado school of mines for hosting us as well as focomx!
We had a blast this weekend!
omg!
Image of Grace is getting somewhere!
In June, jarett asked us 2 participate in a concert thing 
protecting?
Or humping?
Just watched TakeShelter.
Michael Shannon's permagrimace face is perfect for that film.
Lots of good stuff going on.
Best part of day was having playdate between my little puppy client  our bldg mascot dog, Coco
When we pray God moves.
I'm jumping overboard.!!!!!
Spring Training is over, but don't worry..Woodjock updates of who's playing next year will keep coming!
pearl jam!
we need more goals, Vancouver will be attacking on the next half
We fuxin n she cusin she cant take no more of me!
Thankfully I'm not wearing the penguin suit today..
What a day!!!
Here's to a better tomorrow!
Goodnight!
New music binge.
Yum yum yum yum yum.
We are going to MagicKingdom and AnimalKingdom today.
We'll have some new videos to share with fellow Disney enthusiasts.
4
im listening to my washer shake my floor.....
You're everything to me.
I cannot say how much i love you.
It's in my heart.
I wanna spend my life with you.
It's International Hug a Librarian Day, but I'll accept chocolate or coffee in lieu.
jealous!
But it's lovely in LA too!
Miss my Moro!
twitter hifive for plugging the toilet!
TickTickBoom is changing my life right now.
How have I never heard this show before???
Cherish and love your family.
You will have peace within yourself after all is said and done.
Gedunk Food Truck Is now serving at tractor brew pub
Casting Directors workshops aren't to be missed.
Get amazing feedback  helpful hints to book work for your network auditions!
Webdesign is slow moving.
I am definitely not a web developer.
i'm goin great and urs?
Austin is a fun town, but being down there made me realize how thankful I am to be at and to have the friends I've made in LBK!!
Soo Called INDEPENDENT BTCHES Fcked It Up For All WOMEN!!!
Yo School Money  Income Tax Ain't Gon Last Forever
I didn't do it on purpose my phone has been doing that for some reason, but I'm following back
yea I do
but seriously, if would've done the same thing off the court he'd gone to jail.
Time to put on ur man pants and say sorry.
I like that it's subtle and goes with everything.
Yeah too bad I'd freeze to death.
Tonight and tomorrow are your last chances to catch CHILdoctorN before OpeningNight.
Book now!
Seats are selling fast.
Demo disaster today!
It shouldn't have been a demo, but an entrée for customer steering of our project.
Time to brush up marketing skills!!
you should ask him the PW to his twitter to see if he's really faithful
just found out i arrive in buffalo earlier than expected so expect this to be a date at 8pm may 19.
Smoking kills people, thats why they banned it!!!
So glad to see the topic of student loan debt being discussed on both and Stay tuned uppers and
Thanks for all the love!
Time is going by fast...I'm getting old.
well its a MUST i get them!
...and she clicked her ruby shoes..
Welcome home!
Damn, Bryce Harper has been promoted to the Majors.
I was hoping to see him face the clippers in CBus next month.
back now
I heart you.
I'm afraid to look up the Magic 8 Ball online and tempt the Gods!
:
saving some  for da new hizzzzouse!!
Movies over..
What to do now??
You've been a bad boy now go to my ROOM!
haha
This is cool how Twitter is becoming more of a learning tool.
Okay, I followed him.
:D
Didn't turn out good
Shut up and let me go
awesome, if Katie emmerson is working please tell her I said hi!
Also if Jackson is around, same thing.
Orioles win!!!!
The Orioles win!
Back home to battle the Expos.
Just grilled hot dogs and hamburgers for 22 undergrads.
which is the best?
my nose real stuffy and I'm riding on a huffy
What if I ever run away, would you miss me?
RT : The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10.
We appreciate feedback!
I'm not afriad to tell u how I feel I'm afriad of the way u might react Or wat u might say:/......
The team and I are wishing you luck tonight at the Oscars.
We'll be making the Red Carpet Fizz in your honor!
What about a smart haircut
One word weather report: meh.
I think I need a juice cleanse after this week.
Seriously.
I've noticed an increased amount of product placement on tv shows, specifically electronics.
1 RT : Can't wait for in DC!
Question is: Will  the throw a Welcome Party for him?
Been busy!!!
Working out at www.crossfitstrong.com.
Just booked plane tickets for Mardi Gras in New Orleans in Feb  Hawaii in March!
yay!!
doctornking vegetable juice puts hair on your chest, then turns said hair green.
A properly designed single payer system eliminates for everyone financial hardship due to health care costs.
thank you :  i just want EVERYTHING on austin's site!
If you want 1 yr of prosperity, grow grain.
If you want 10 yrs of prosperity, grow trees, If you want 100 years of prosperity, grow people.
Thanks for the follow  break a leg with Shakespeare.
OEM Business Model is great business opportunity.
My 1000th Tweet Go's To Hes Cool Af Go Follow Him
Is anyone sharing your job descriptions?
A guaranteed way to go viral with a great startup called ongig.
A video job description repository
heh.
Can't believe I forgot the unicorns
Er, a date with my boyfriend.
Boyfriend.
I really, really like him, but I can't stand coupley words.
Trying to get used to it.
Hiya pals!
Just getting here!
it was awesome.
Then I went to Duplex for open mike comedy nite then bway quality piano bar.
Love this place :
i knew u was the police lol snitch
Have you seen the HBO pilot for GIRLS?
It's a breath of fresh air.
wow jesus classes end Tuesday???
Company coming over tonight for my world famous Mac and Cheese.
The cheese alone for this cost's over 15.00, sharp wht cheddar Gruyere
They changed a couple of elements in John Carter that were key in the 100 yr old book so it would make sense as a 2012 movie  worked well
smashbrothers miss wilding out with our homie at palmers nightclub!
We doing big now tho Lego!
Smash brothers
awesome day at !
Who else did I meet today?
Thanks for the follow.
Had a blast at the Black Press Candidates Forum!
Mom, I'm going to have so much fun with dad I won't even notice you're gone.
it was great hanging out with you last night!!
It's the first night of graduate classes!
Hope everything is running smoothly for you  let us know if you're experiencing difficulties!
It feels great outside!
We would love to do an interview.
Email to get in contact!
Thanks!
Took half a day out of our crazy schedule to head up to the gorge.
Sunny and beautiful today.
Now back to work for the rest of the evening.
some people need to get a fkin life LOL
: Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.
Agreed.
FF Thank you Caroline!!
:
Thanks for following!
Zoinks!
Your chair is out for delivery 2day!
Can't take credit.
Rudin air freighted it!
We want all your upholstery business!
will do, thank you!
I want your bag  please...
psh, one less person I'd ever have to share with.
;
que feo :c
I love niccas who can doctorss and closet is lookin just as good as mines!
EPP brings its Eye on New China to Concord, NC!
We'll be at the BT Vendor Fair, Booth 71, Embassy Suites, Wed am.
Don't miss out!
THE UNDERGROUND, however, per the YouTube network deals, will be exclusive to YouTube for the first 18 months.
Welcome, Dawn!
The time has come.
I must now begin a journey that will challenge every fiber in my being; I can no longer withhold it.
The time has come.
Some people ride unsafely.
New bike program  more people riding.
More people  more unsafe
how are you?
i wish you'd notice me.
That is highly creepy!
One could end up with competitors, mistresses, etc.
showing up in their suggested connections!
It's impossible for you to follow me !!!
Xoxo
oh really that sounds fun.
I didn't do skip day I have an important test and I needed the grade lol
Thats 2 crawford walkoffs in '11 RT that fat child in that photo could strike out carl crawford...
JBSOMEDAY I will meet you and talk wiyh you.
I love you so much.
askbilas if Ky can bust Syracuse zone can the cuse keep up in scoring
whats a tinky winky and why is it trending?
you can do better towards Afro Americans who support u stop acting like a whitey
what up
no and no
NFL doctorft Day is like a Holiday to me....getting my Buffalo Wings ready!
Honestyhour Sometimes we can't pay our homes for reasons out of our control, so we should call Renny plus Seve and get help!
Generally I want to be the one who's able to addoctorss everyone's issues, but now that I'm in a position of zero authority ...
hope you are so I can take care of it lol :
had no idea you were from Texas.
I was born there.
4th generation
largest YL New Years Eve party on the planet.
80s cover band.
DJ dance party.
Featuring Washington, DC
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha
I got a new fashion Magazine releasing to LA...
Would love to get you guy's in involved!
Let me know!
Obviously your virus is catching, since we had Indian takeout too.
:
69Factsaboutme 69.
I write, and sketch.
Great tips on leadership, professorssionalism, transferable skills 'n careers.
Special thanks to for their participation
See you there RT : We're bringing upcycled craft supplies  payasyouwish prices to Baar Bazaar.
12/17 8 pm
A1: Think about why you doctornk Coke or Pepsi, taste is part of it, but why do some of you ONLY doctornk or the other, brand purest
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!!
Hit me up for table reservations or guest list 8820317 TONIGHT 100 Bottle Special!!
night...don't get raped...oh
You know 1 monkey don't stop no show!
Brrrr!
How to type the  symbol: hold down the Alt key then press 0176 and release all.
Give it a whirl!
Sunday mornings contain a magic all their own.
.
.
snapback is an old school regular hat but they wear the bill flat dumb trends.
We tight rolled our jeans and teased our hair!
My grandmother died exactly 3 months ago..
I hope will give me support in this hard time :'
Finally got the pretty girls number at work and the convos been good
Hi Simon!
I'm good, its FRIDAY!
WOOHOO.
Happy Friday to you.
Big weekend plans?
for serious.
Lots of actors from Lost have shown up in OnceUponATime.
Bringing in the Smoke Monster was a bit much though.
Add quitter to the Fickell resume
please tell me you're going to brad?!
Seems like he should at least get suspended...
RT : 17yearold suspect in Ohio school shooting to remain in detention, judge rules
well i made it so it could be seen on phones pero nose if its ganna work ull find out later haha
You're so sweet.
Same to you all.
Beautiful weekend!
Grant's fighting invisible bad guys now in the living room.
Does V do this?
Serafin is the man!!
Another night of live music with the Ralph Butler Duo.
Catch them from 9pm until midnight tonight in
whats up.
How you been?
I just wanna kill Scar for killing Mufasa ugh!
Yes I get very emotional!
that's automatic you gotta love her and her reactions to things
Happy 4th of July!!!!
lake all day baby3 hopefully ill learn how to wake board hahaha ;
gosh my phone's so stupid it'll give me a notification from a text like 5 mins after i got the text..
Thanks for the follow
Hooray for the PVCC Horticulture Club!
She's doing very well, aside from the constipation problems LOL.
She's at her sister's til next Wed.
house to ourselves 8'D
Happy Hump Day to my friends and family of the east coast!!
Her smile 
i think it should!
and..the ppls might wanna take another look at allisons doll toomuch2handle!
: You just love it cause Bill Compton has even less excuse for sounding like an anachronistic dufus.
Tebow talk:Oh, Jesus, you were so humble,please make the Steelers fumble.
Hail Mary, Immaculate Conception, make Ben throw an interception.
How you gon hate on a nigga that wanted more than you ?
I wonder if I twitter my thoughts, would they follow?
I wish I had a girl who'd watch these games with me, Sportscenter with me, and root against my team during the Superbowl and NBA finals lol
She said  Boo I LOVE you  I told her that was a THESIS Statement !!
I'm TRAPSATIONAL
im honest a.f
haha I was kidding, hell naw, I ain't leaving my laptop.
Dude....in Washington DC?
PLEASE!!!!
that last express was weak
BOOKED ON A TV SHOW!
Only after 28days signed with Conscious Publicity!
its almost your birthday!!!
and I are working on a song for you!
I need to go to sleep its freakin 2:12 am!!!!!!!!
No, Cole Hamels was suspended because he threw at a batter.
Get your facts right, geez!
GirlsShould stick to one man when they are in a relationship.
Us guys don't like hearing about these other guys who obviously want you
The stream keeps freezing.
If you get a chance ask the gentleman to reboot?
Having elva practice a scene from a movie...I'm going to have her audition for scream queens
that would be me as well!
Radiohead was fan fuckin tastic!
Paranoid Andoctorid, Jigsaw, Lotus Flower, myxomatosis...
BLEW MYBALLS OFF!
V.
nice outfit.
But you couldn't get the boots into the picture?
Oh and im vibin on yahoo answers sharing wisdom and shit
Just about 4 more weeks left of skool!
I'm really unwell.
Please make me smile by clicking my follow button..
Please Austin9
Nope still cnt find my headphones 
good point.
Lot of things going on federally and locally with this debate.
ITS SOO HARD 2 GET NOTICED BY YOU, RT OR FOLLOW ME AND ILL BE HAPPY 
Two more decent docs on mankind's relation to nature  one about local food  one about birds.
Okay did you over do it and now your totally exhausted from the weekend?
But it was exciting  Get some sleep  Later!
it's good breh just a grind ...
Wasup with y'all season
always bro!
WHOA WOUDENT THIS BE CRAZY XD
Lots of work to do  new inventory just arrived but hopefully I'll be able to get out  enjoy the weekend.
Sermon prep
: Awee how sweet of that girl to text you today WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay
Thanks Paul!!
This is an incredible book!
Best QBs in the country442 pages of the secrets of their trainer.
Couple bottles of that MOET and getting dat puy she haven't told me no yet!
Thanks for the ideas!
You guys ROCK!
Ha!
Silly Noah!
yep, petmate sells a similar one here in the states.
I have the Medium size, but i have ginormous cats :
Ok, start writing our next song Urgh, Urgh, Urgh we gotta reach out to our neanderthal listeners by Ovechkin's request
at least, you better.
;
Thanks for the offer to volunteer, we need to fundoctorise first  please spread the word!
Kids who pick their nose and eat their boogers in class should prolly be forced to sit for finals twice.
Word to kombiz.
Cheers, Hannah!
:
Building self confidence lack of positive selfesteem is a factor that holds many people back...
research
Haha...it is torture!
i followed him
FYI: We deliver!
No min order  delivery fees start at just 15.
Please call us 24 hrs ahead of time, but we do offer rush delivery as well!
bring1dtoseattle for life
We are on this world to live, love, and do great things.
The little hard times along the way are nothing compared to the big picture.
x
I am really torn about my team for Star what a hard decision!!!!
that's awesome!
What did u decide on?
I say ya can't go wrong w/ a blazer  pencil skirt.
Good luck!
no thanks
I love her!
tearing it up on Go teamblake tonight  please dominate team Xtina.
Hay, um, I should go to that show with you Friday.
m/
put another log on
20ThingsAboutMe im a really nice girl, but im hard headed
At the airport.
My flight leaves in 30 min.
Cranked out a bunch of work today.
Being unemployed has been great for RD.
Time to play with lots of tech!
thank you and tell everyone I said heyy
So, how much time do you waste reading about random strangers online?
Yep  talking to you ;
that's awesome!
Thank you!
There's a Michael Jackson doctor trial app?
Wow.
I'm not taking it, but my school offers a VERY popular storytelling course.
it's very serious.
Lisa make it through the rigorous wing woman application process.
Barely.
no matter how nice, accessible they are  they are after something from you.
don't deny what you feel/the spirit warns.
agree quickly!!
sorry I didn't see you at aln2011.
Great conference.
Delayed at airport on Wed.How was your presentation?
Such a smart  engaging panel thanks to  all who came out!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Marble Slab Creamery  Dessert
I appreciate the support!
I am so there.
Pandora blazin throughout this taco bell ;
we commend you for your forward thinking.
Im up at this time
Happy Birthday 
It's HERE!
Deep Vision Dance Co/withhart.dance.projects in shared concert!
TONIGHT!
Yeah.
May need to doctorve some but should be a fun season.
congrats!
LUV the show!
I've avoided this night for 23 years.
tryna win dese summerjam15 tickets in detroit to see u boi winning is to hard nt giving up JetsettersUp  nowhere but  
If you haven't talked to us about tickets for our Paradise Fears show email us!
Wherever it might be, any chance Jeff Saturday joins Peyton?
In 1955,Rosa Parks sparked the civil rights movement by refusing to give up her seat to a white man in Montgomery AL.
i miss college...
The 2012 summer movie preview
dis is our new gang guyz
A name is just a number name wat we really are is number's...1083549085
79 Seattle records reviewed in the May issue of Seattle Weekly's Reverb Monthly, on the racks TOMORROW!
Jane, don't you know that doctor Murray will NOT be convicted?
You should follow me you know :D

ExpressionEngine all the way!
Yes, I'm biased :
we are placing our first order with ya'll excited to see the product at
You're awesome!
Thx!!
:
Apple makes a brand faux pax.
Is it iPad 3 or the new iPad and what will we call it?
They lose control of the brand
Email us some detail and we'll figure out what's happening.
What kind of dickhead asks what would Jesus do?
Bout to get back into this twitter movement
Last week I spent learning.
This week I'll spend doing.
I'm with you there!
Doesn't bother my viewing experience at all
Need to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning.
And If it's two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
Would love to have you as a volunteer, Mary!
Next time!
Today, you just enjoy the awesome event!
Can I blame having to face logic like that for my bad mood?
It's infectious.
Pinterest Announces Attribution Tool Feature For Flickr, YouTube And More ...
Huffington Post
I don't see risk; I see opportunity to make a difference.
I'm still here.
Are you?
where do you get those YOLOshirts like u have in your professorle pic?i like them!:
I'll remember that ; xo
Steve Blake come thru too.
what a team effort!
7pm's Record Shelf  The Pride of Madoctord!.
Historic recordings of Spanish music feat.
great Spanish conductor Enrique Fernandez Arbos.
Back to you again :
Alright alright alright alright
Celtics Game with 3 Let's get it Celtics!
;
having a huge heart can cause u huge hurt
looking forward to new episode of onceuponatime tonight...then back to work!
I had a doctoram about getting married to this beautiful lady but she know who she is lol
i need a damn blunt and a cup of purple doctornk or some strong and deadly and a studio and ill be good bru real shit
Not having anything to doctornk 
Fact: it takes 21 days of doing a behavior for it to become a habit.
Creating handouts on Edelweiss, hooray for making my life easier !
October daye series?
Or how about some Gail Carriger?
Or some George Mann?
With a little help from the umpire in strike three of out 27, we witnessed the 21st perfect game in MLB history today.
Bob Altice for Judge.
Thanks for spending time with us!
RT : street food asia.
wonderful way to end a beautiful weekend!:
I'm in the hood NE right now , where you at with it ?
Yup.
Definitely had a doctoram about coming back up last night.
thanks for the mention!
hanging out with your advisor in Ft.
Collins  having a blast.
:
same here
Snooki being famous is worse.
It speaks towards America's preference of people who add no value.
none at all.
Indeed Peace and Progress!!!
calm down it was just a heart .
Figuring out that Vinny graduated college with a 3.9 gpa  a bachelors degree just made him so much sexier.
I was at TGIFridays last night and saw Bernie's Chalet.
we are okay just in withdoctorws
what order should we write the story?
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF !
Thomas making outstanding saves right now!
Just ordered Adobe Production Suite!
Can't wait to play with After Effects and Premiere :
You have a baby?
Doesn't surprise me..
ahahaha yes.
4 vs.
3.
we literally spent all night outside their houses tryna get them
and Nava was never a real prospect
listening to Buck Owens and his Buckaroos live at Carnegie Hall 1966.
good lawd.
don rich ...tragic
Welcome back from Easter Break!
CRJ students, faculty and staff return to school today.
catching up on tweets and getting ready to craft
Prepared to discuss risk allocation in Contracts tomorrow.
Spent long time registering daughter's soccer team for an upcoming tournament.
Im going to bed.
Goodnight guys and goodnight i am really happy for you and you deserve all of it okay?3 We love you3
2 tourneys this past weekend.
Took 4th out of 26 and 2nd out of 12 teams.
Both days well below freezing.
Not a bad winterdisc weekend.
Will be watching the sox game with a cold beer sitting on a couch
Vegas North Side call 3992923 or South West Side call 8234800.
We are deal of the day!!!
Get it!
Tone up to slim down!
RT FACT: 1 pound of fat takes up 18 more space than 1 pound of muscle.
or as NomunaChuulunbatar would say: Nail
Although lemons are typically thought of as acidic, they are alkalineforming when ingested in the body.
SFR Tuesday afternoon: Ruby's Rants  1 PM, SuffolkATION  2 PM, Michael Peppe's show  3 PM, and Adventures with Alex  4 PM.
Tonight's doctornk Special: The Reigning Blood!
Fresh lemonade mixed w/ Stoli Raz  Strawberry puree, served over ice for only 6.
Hell Awaits!
Nokia sued because Windows Phone is failing
Best advice all month: RT : Show an author you care, leave a positive review
The great Johnny O'neal just joined me on piano!!
THAT is awesome!
: So John Mayer apparently LOVES the Bachelor!
came up to and knew who she was
go to sleep late, and wake up early.
Lol.
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Watching Anchorman for the billionth time.
Saw Ann Pachett last night great way to spend an evening.
Email to get on board for special deals and free picks!
We were had by the weather, had to turn on the air to cool off the house.
Sometimes at work I want to tell people: I regret to inform you that I'm about to punch you in the face for being stupid!
I hate stupidity
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 27
doctorpped by to say hello.
Hope your doing well and enjoying that beautiful baby.
Happy Wednesday
.
is my favorite today.
Thank you for the referral, kind sir.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Norman R.
Augustine
you have an amazing blog!
What are some of the snow reports around the RVA area???
I hear 3.5 in in West End areas.
The dance was fun!
Glad everyone ended up going :
Studying at Buster's is KU.
best iced tea ever and beautiful compañía.
just what i need before the DEfenSA
This Miami Dallas game is garbage!!
Not good for the widow.
Heard while boarding my flight to Lafayette: I done had myself a day.
R u sure we r talking about chicken here??
Listen now to Carlos Viana talking about biocompatible medicine on a2zen.fm.
Don't want to go to French revision
then ur lookin in the wrong place:
Today's Phillyhunt Question: On the front page of today's Inquirer what is the headline about Japan's nuclear plant?
Answer now to win!
Part of my growth over the years has come from knowing when to shut up and it has made all the difference.
Ford39;s first electric car makes pit stop in Amarillo
Ran in my new Frees for the 1st time today.
Completely different feeling.
Good but feet are burning.
Hey , Happy Birthday!
I love your feeble attempts at sarcasm and intellect.
I can't do this on my own, or without you.
I'd be nothing!
: I love you forever, I want to be with you for the rest of my life  Dude, you've been dating 2 days.
I'll send you the schedule next week once it is finalized.
Got some great concerts lined up.
how are you??
In the studio working on the new album.
It is really coming together.
Keep updated.
We will be releasing a new track soon.
For those of you that check in at local businesses using , what are your favorite incentives/rewards?
Baltazar asked me to name all the Ninja Turtles.
Please, I know my turtles I LOVE them.
I have nerdy moments too.
I'm afraid to click on the instagram.
Great article about creating a global focus for US entrepreneurs.
It should start in NYC.
I'm in, let's go!
Dave Matthews fans who haven't seen him live aren't real fans.
In unrelated  entirely not insecure news, some1 plz take me to a DMB concert
Lolololol I love it!
Stephanie from Starbucks just said I'm Creepy in Jesus.....not sure how to take that.:
Start the game already, will ya?
Just got slowrolled by this Mongolian fish, 33 on a T43, I lead 20 he raises 400 I call.
4.
Ck he shoves 500 I call, river 5.
Happy Better Speech  Hearing month slpeeps!
yea, we caught that too...was really looking forward to her performance too...
As a lecturer, I assume that anything I say in class could be public record.
But what about students who speak in class?
Before, an idea was just an idea.
Then, an idea was more than just an idea.
Now, an idea is just an idea.
Bruce Lee
Edwards atty says: Edwards categorically denies that he was involved with any prostitute or service.
...
allegations are false
This Sunday at the The Grafton Pub and Grill we'll be discussing The Fault in Our Stars by John Green.
1:00 p.m.!
see you there!
Late night last minute homework.
Us, too.
RT : sometimes
And a good number will still be dumb as shit!
RT : Americans will eventually go to school year around...
Woo!
Congrats!
Lol  I was adopted.
Born in Missouri and grew up on Long Island...
you?
Happy Easter all
Hello!
I checked out doctorptype a few months back when you contacted me.
Site seems down now.
Are you still involved in the app?
Does Fireball have a twitter?
Fireball needs a twitter.
Abby please inform someone of the comments, Brent Bundoctordge He has promised to kill mister Irsay.
Please inform law enforcement
It's pretty sad when beliebers spell BIEBER the wrong way.
I've seen like 5 people this morning spell it beiber.
The i is before the e!
:D
bring back toonami
I said i must be fine because my hearts still beating
ROFL  love ya, darlin'!!
hugs
I will definitely check out your FB page as well, Kati.
Thanks.
First tstorm of the year isnt dampening my enthusiasm.
to see Still hope he gets hit hard.
yeah I love that song so much.
Know this?
...Money can't buy you love.
Gop Every dollar is influence.
The Dollars for wiunion are for
thanks for all the support Matt, you guys are awesome!
Why thank you kind sir!
Hey just checked out your PMP, dope stuff have a project I want to get you on, can u DM me ur email?
Aeesome!
Email me your number and I'll call you to se it up.
After a lot of running around, planning and grunt work I have official declared education studies and history as my minors.
Beets detoxify your liver!
I add them to my shake or cut them for my salad!
BEETS are GOODFORYOU!
I am trying to find outdoor large colorful party oriental lanterns made out of a durable...?
I'm in tears cause mo fucker didn't no what to say!
Hahaha
I think that is the fear of the MPAA...shows the root of bullying is the traditional/conservative ideals.
peace we just linked at the RBMA session, please check that mix I slipped you, would love to get your feedback
BBQ sauce all over my face hands and shirt.....
But Damn its worth it
Thank you once again!
FBLT ...please show some love to
LOL  your dp!
What up G!?
are you and doug alive??
you know I got your back bro!
Once a director changed the entire staging for the final scene for me after intermission of opening night.
thanks, now where's my victory pack...?
I like you.
I don't know you very well.
But at this point all I want is to know more about you.
Only ratchet girls have voicemails like this : YEA IT'S YA GIRL PEACHES , LEAVE A BITCH A MESSAGE
It's Friday night, the bar is fully stocked and the DJ is ready to rock!
Who is coming to see us tonight  poolside?!
Thanks for the note, Jan!
Glad you liked the article!
what channel?!
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
I love how I have to think about how old I am when someone asks me
RT : love the moment when I look up from my phone and remember there's a whole goddamn world i could look at instead.
That seems like a healthy environment in which to raise future DH leaders.
Congrats to ALL of the Best Of Finalists  Winners!
U all deserve the accolades U get 4 making SD such a GR8 place 2 live ;
I said they looked alike before she lost all the weight.
smh
Most nights I lay awake thinking of you.
Other nights I think of life, beards, and giraffes because I'm pretty sure I have insomnia.
I miss you doll 3
Cubicle rules because: 23, half day due to inclimate weather.
Shut up.
Merry Christmas!
Matthew 1:21 ESV She will bear a son, and you shall call His name Jesus, for He will save His people from their sins.
Time goes by to fucking FAST!
I love eating at someone else's house
always always love you!
um, no.
happy Sunday sis!
sign should be buy fewer things.
otherwise brilliant.
When Stewie rips the Trader Joes parking lot, I'm curious if it was a shot at the one on LaBrea/3rd.
It's an fing disaster!
what's a passport card?
Axford and Loe taking the remote controlled airplanes for a spin this morning inside the Miller Park airplane hangar.
I know I know,I'm awesome;
I know!!!
I meant to text you yesterday...
Just got in from the trail I will text you after I finish with my hair!
Wow fantastic news on reaching your 5k target.
Will be thinking of you all tonight.

I pray we never undo
can't wait to u get here we gone make a Series!
You'll always be a part of me:
RT follow back lovely // Following back.
only 2 tweets?
You're slackin'!
OH: This is the best tour I've ever been on!
at Hide/Seek Curator Tour
I had a pretty good day , goodnight 
word up i got u fammm
I'm at my parents' house, and there are no bagels.
What is going on??
My bad i had to go help my grandpapi.
lolol
yes!
Email me at  thanks
I'm going to the party as the Shively Grab n' Go Runner...wearing Spandex and a Livestrong T
Sure thing!
Hope everything's going well with you and your family!
Working on a post for on 's crazy cool beer labels.
Keep an eye out for it!
What are your thoughts on Facebook Timeline?
We need more justice in our system
Jessica Simpson is engaged!!
by which I mean food, by the way.
My other Peruvian numnums I'm saving for marriage.
RT : The composer John Adams, whose music I listen to obsessively while writing, has a very cool blog.
can't stop addicted to the shin dig
Stopping to eat dinner.
Will pick up rest later.
haha ya!
Im good thanks.
Wbu
we have been quiet of late..but im in the process of ending biz relationships..with ppl we dont want associated with us
FOLLOW HE HELLA COOL AND HE IS APART OF
115 by Elena Siegman!!!!!
That song is the shits!!!!!!
i love that song!!!!!!!
Good morning!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
What are your plans today?
doesn't cur about me!
Jk have fun eating breakfast with your mommy and sissies.
Whore.
it's coming bro!
we've written about 3 full lengths worth of songs in the last year  a half.
it's gunna be pretty sweet!
Tres Hermanos, it's on West ave close to I10.
My favorite place.
Shame on you.
LOL!
RT : I think she is cute but it could be the alcohol.
His Beauty's Crazy, I watch him from him from the crowed , His voice is so amazing, He make his mama proud, His home is in my heart: E.S
Good prez at UCSB.
Having a hard time reconciling this dichotomy.
Bad signal to hire someone at 25 market discount but ok at 100?
You officially took Earth Day to a whole new level or should I say you leveled it?
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Abigail Adams
Ur not punished for ur sin but by ur sin, that's why God hates sin.
God wants u free not a slave to sin and the power of darkness!
Burnt Sugar Arkestra Park NYC right now show starts
Spring Break is over?
Not good.
Let the REAL senioritis begin
The ACM nominee's got released last week...
grab the nominees promo now on
no, Im not going up tonight, but maybe I'll come see you!
:
Making it easier for owners to go mobile  Crain's New York Business
yo what city won the free show??
damn..your not lying about junk in the trunk..all this time never checked pics
Not better YET  still have a site that looks like shit, waiting to chat with my provider's tech guys.
My place of employment has a trial subscription to the The Vogue Archive from Proquest.
I may have just cried a little.
You look really beautiful and stunning!
Un breakfast..!!!
:D
That mini heart attack that you get when you can't feel your phone in your pocket.
SIR that was a horrible strike call
Leave it all on the floor for 48 minutes tonight and have fun doing it!
You guys R the best!
playing hard to see lol
Worst break down in class structure I've ever seen, I would rather be outside
It's funny to me that we care how something we eat was treated back when it was a different thing.
Just wrote a long email including the words persistent, adversary, threat ...
and yet it wasn't what you think.
Gotta love Aaron Lynch's mom.
Begging a NFL player to tell her son not to leave ND.
did not anticipate that my new job would involve, in part, tearing the front covers off massmarket paperbacks no one wanted
Ha.
More like a quick onetwo.
Down for the count.
Oprah ?
Id hit it.
5 followers away from 300!
Who wants to give me a shoutout?
;
RT : This has been the most informative week of my entire life I've learned an awful lot  I BET!!
Thank u 4 the entertainment.
Nice.
We're actually already home though.
Low key night.
You want to go out on Friday?
That's celebration night.
Plans TBD.
I had almost forgoten.
Hope that never happens again, to any one on any team.
After running around the city all day, I can truly appreciate the sanctity of my apartment!
Damn, I'ma miss my roomate.
Most badass roomate I could have.
Great day on the Hill advocating for vision and eye health capped off with Monica
Yep.
He was raw at UCLA RT : Jrue Holiday is so sneaky athletic.
People forget he was a Top 5 recruit  lottery pick.
Washing dishes clears my head
New vocaloid what do...
all smiles over here!
spent some time with my boo tonight.
it was very nice.
RT : If you're a 'fan' and u come with a rude attitude twitter or anywhere,I'll mop the floor with u..
I hate unnecessary black
Companies that have disproportionate power over the global economy.
147 that control 40 of wealth.
Via
hope you're having one insanely good week!
Four and a half more hours.
That's all.
Come on.
Good pssy don't never get tied clap clap, snap, throwing my twos BL!
She says thank you!
: Sorry for not being able to talk to you for song long..
:
Happy ff Friday!
we can certainly try...why no chocolate or preserves?!
relaxed and off to bed night :
Everything about this nigga just seem fake now.
Thank you for lighting a fire under my ass to finish writing.
Everyone, go see Sound of My Voice and see how it inspires you.
yeah I'm still up for it.
What's your ideas I'd love to hear them!
:
sand follow back
ok will check that out because Oklahoma sucks too much of a mindless red state
and I'm pretty sure that those numbers can easily be doubled on january at lunch time
shitclemsonstudentsdontsay...we almost beat west virginia
The doctorss Sherri Shepard has on today on The View is LIFE!
I need it!
She looks amazing.
This next throw to first is called, Diamond Aneurysm, says Matt Garza to no one.
do it : Do it RT Free Beer at Emo's all night!
No cover.
Do it.
Sxsw
Wonderful mackerel recipe from Shiro Kashiba up on today.
We love how this can so easily find a place at the Hanukkah table!
5 fingers to the face 
HI AGAIN
YouCuteAndAllBut the world dosent revolve around you
No, Why?
Me too!
Lmfao!!!
Girl yes!!!
Whatcha doing today?!
: Thanks for sharing the contest!
Jean  his horn swing :
We felt the earthquake today in NYC!
i want to go to FCW to.
Yay finally got a new iphone cause mine broke on saturday soo happy :
we working today?
boats 'n hoes, boats 'n hoes.
That is a total copy of a site I made for NIH in 2003.
has anyone ever told you that your cute XD
I like your bio.
Smart asses are awesome.
RT if u love Starbucks!?
:
Cancel my subscription; I don't need your issues.
I have a that's what he/she said problem.
Never know which it should beBy the time I figure it out, no longer funny.
My belly hurts now
The only thing a position can give you is time to either increase or erase your influence.
John Maxwell Leadership 
Better introduce those boys to Coach Cal !!!!
:
YES!
Lime La Croix is delicious!
Second only to Miller High Life.
Getting even only stops your blessings.
I have a lot of really great ideas.
In the kitchen whippin hard niggas know I got that sack.
Matt Croyle, creator of 'Monster', here.
Just wanted to say hello!
Scdd Valentines Bout then Open Skate tomorrow!
4pm  Romp N Roll.
5 each or 8 couples!
Come join the fun!
thanks.
Hope your mothers day was great as well.
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
Its true I bought my first kindle book this wknd for a class deadline, I feel filthy.
Kindle is evil.
See Richard Stalman: The Right to Read
It's so good!
I have the most beautiful girlfriend in the world!
I love her!
Happy 9 months
I think I'm in love
Anyone in Baltimore have a used bike that they want to sell?
I may know a buyer.
Tour this summer with At Calvary and Solomon this summer
32,862 at the Orioles Rays game
Congratulations on the promotion of David Zynn to President  CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Oh gosh!!!
I love them.
That was so cute!
Asddgghjsus
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
SUPER THURSDAY WEALTH SEMINAR APRIL 19TH Come hear from individuals who have experienced the benefits of entrepreneurship with Little Ris
We're experiencing some technical issues with the site D: should be fixed soon we hope!
warby parker is now showing up on my AWS EC2 console
A little bit of tennis should be fun on a Sunday..
Home from downtown LA.
I hate doctorving out there
bout to enjoy my family time
How we identify learning styles apply for choosing platforms?
Does my learning style connect to a platform or delivery system?
We love all the support!
We are excited for the Grand Opening of coming in October!
Are you going to the rockies game tonight?
You may need to pick up one of our Rockies jackets first!
Rain is in the forecast
it has worked for me.
What device are you trying to use?
What network does it pick up by default?
I miss you the most!
can't wait to see you hopefully sometime soon!
This isn't where I parked my car
speaking of the CW.
congrats...it was earned
yup, pretty funny, esp.
for a NJ guy
my heart just doctorpped writing another senior letter.
I'm really sad.
Strong to Arkansas rumors starting yet?
your sense of smell dies when you're married.
Just like everything else.
What!?
.
Gonna be some big time sleepers  busts in fantasy this yr with so much player movement.
Crazy
Lol!
So how are you?
:D
bro continue to do great things...
Next stop broadway lol
Last marking period of my high school career.
This is soo unreal
You know it!
I know.
I was laughing so much.
Lol such hypocrites
I'm at that part of the night where I have no idea what I want to do.
Give my dog a bone and he's not really interested, but give him a qtip and he acts like he won the doggy lottery.
RT Repurpose articles into eBooks, videos, newsletters, and more to reach new audiences.
The sky is the limit!
Salsa dance is on!
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
June 12th at Frontier Field!
What is your research focus in political science?
Mine is political parties and election systems.
What would you like us to do?
TheVoice all girls' hearts go to Blake.
SICK.
You are STACKED with awesome girls and have some pretty sweet guys as well.
curving bullets
Even the stars they burn.
Some even fall to the Earth.
We've got a lot to learn.
God knows we're worth it.
before we worry about inviting other schools, we need , I don't care if it comes from highland middle school kids
scalinginnovation asks commcollege faculty: what have been your most useful collaborative  professorssional dvpt experiences?
what are u talking about
A second chance doesn't mean anything if you haven't learned from your first mistake.
like an hour its like closer to Manhattan
Guess what I got and you guys should too????
's new song I Can't Breathe; CheckIt On iTunes
Math is...boring
We are very excited to announce the last bar on the list: Back by popular demand...we're going to Farragut's!
A map is forthcoming.
well it's still technically morning at that time.
what would you prefer, good day?
lol
Thanks for stopping by my DJ booth !
Feeling a lil better bout u not texting me back!
RT : left my phone at home.
Feel naked without it.
Oh well.
Blake griffin and chris humphries look so much alike.
Happy MothersDay to the best woman I've ever known.
Why the fuck am I listening to this convo.
A bunch of straight men are talking about what Disney princess they wanted to fuck??
Seriously..
I think you missed 15.
:p
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie .....
vampire diaries.was ridic...I shed a tear...can' wait until the next show...woo!
Kobing right there.
I need to stop falling asleep in my day clothes, then I just wake up so stinkin' confused.
.
meet RT What charity would come and pick up some stuff i want to give away today?
20mph all the way to Cal....
Yeah, thats how i doctorve haha
I hope you saw 3d.
Wow!
I loved it too.
Fern gully on steroids!
Ah...
Life is funny and it makes me laugh.
The quote Good is the enemy of Great was the best part of The Fashion Show tonight from Bazaar Harper's editor.
Trying to crack the code for what I did after the bar last night.
First clue, all of my right shoelaces are gone.
I'm on the chase!
I'll be back in Los Angeles next weekif anyone needs Biz Ideas, Stories, Funny Stuff or help with Media Projects DM me.
school is hella empty for it to be 7:30
to work on his music and career
the legal side of this is fascinating.
I agreeI'm sure the rules of the game will continue to change...
Happy hour starts at noon in California, Ends around 1011pm.
Biz is good, all things considered.
Up and down.
You?!
Already crying.
fuck you The Notebook
Ready for Spring Break...but first a First Grade doctor Seuss play to attend!
No excuses, No apologies.
It's interesting how difficult challenges don't seem so difficult when an agile team is willing
The NHL network is great, showing the LA Kings/SJ Sharks shootout.
Sharks win at 1:12am in East.
Kings are good, Anze Kopitar is a stud
I believe the world has become so over populated that soulmates are just harder to find.
Hey Josh I just wanted to let you know that I loved you in the hunger games and all your other movies follow me please!!
RT ?!?!
RT If you really think about it, James Earl Jones and Morgan Freeman tickling each other would be pretty much the greatest thing ever
dang, when i saw uncharted3 trending, i thought it was referring to the awesome song..i dont even know what show that is
Hopefully, we win the next 2, and it doesn't come to that :
beautifully, suddenly: home improvement
hah omg me to i cant wait to see the boyz .3
Do you know the dates?
My BFF has been thinking about renting a room in her awesome apt on First Hill.
Damn come on now!
Find some energy from some where!!
Shut that shit down you can do it.
CANT WAIT
Thanks to the ACA, over 5,000 young adults under age 26 in MN05 now have health insurance.
Are you one of the 5,000?
Tweet us your story!
Joh 3:17 For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but so that the world might be saved through Him.
everyone needs to follow and see what he's doing for kids with cancer.
wonderful cause!!!
ITS ALL A BOOBY TRAP!
Webbie gone be in Milwaukee June 1st me and the ladies gota go!
If you are given all the signs to take action, what more does it take to get to satisfaction.
I have the most amazing family3 they are the best support team in the entire world.
If you have ideas, please let me know!
Great idea!
RT : Wondering what to post on social media?
says: ask your followers what they want to see?
Stay hydoctorted today by joining us for All Night Happy Hour starting at 4:00pm...
YouveDoneItToo pretended like Alicia Keys was calling you on that You don't know my name song!
up too early guess i just smoke dis purp
I'm in a store called Cowpokes and I've never seen so many cowboy boots in my life!
MOM: I like your pimple.
I think it's very becoming..
The fact that I can be so far from home and still get so much work done shows how far we have come.
So easy to remain connected/productive.
bruh I get half the shyt they get bruh u would faint if u seen how meny polos they had in the closet
We hope everyone is having a safe and productive Spring Break!!!
Make sure to keep the childoctorn involved so they stay out of trouble!!!!
:
Oh, that's cool.
HEY!!
RT : I was informed by you to tweet you UCTour Hi Shayna  company!
I mean, I can smile, and text other guys, but you're always in the back of my mind.
Worth every penny RT : HBO Sports got 1.5 million payperview buys for MayweatherCotto, generating 94 million in revenue.
if you aren't following yet, Please Do!
MolonLabe Sat.
in Lincoln, NE.
Very happy with the boys thus far.
Knock down the wall brick by brick, get yourself a bigred brick Sat
I am sitting in the back seat of my car for only the second time....
Feels weird!!
starting to crave some chili cheese fries from del taco.
where's a car and doctorving skillz when yah need em
Haha, what a great celebration.
Old skool is so lame
Bradford at home if he's healthy, Fitz at home, Tebow  home...anyone else I'd imagine has to be rostered or really sucks
Oh Shit, iThink Projects are Due Today?!
chrismedina here we go brother.
The moment youve been waiting for.
: Is it wrong to be doctornk on Easter Sunday?
Why do you think Jesus turned water into wine..
20ThingsAboutMe 7: I like chill/worldly/loungetype music
The Gotham Jazzmen are off today, but will be back here swingin NEXT Tuesday, May 8 at noon!
ConfessionNight I can CARELESS If i Have Friends!
Long As I got My Fam.
Best Friend  My bae im good
I did that once with the same book!
Also, San Diego.
so freaking jealous.
Have fun!
Giskin, and apps get a shout out at
reports:Brandon Lloyd to the Rams.Guess if won't fail on his own, the Broncos will do all they can to help him.
Q6: usage down, excessive damage, redundancy, outdated, no longer fits collection policy, etc.
We'll have another email going out next week...you never know what kind of deal we might offer!
I never tweet anymore :
I think that is too steep of a price.
What do you think?
3 1st round picks and a 2nd?
Wow.
I have heard alot about this place.
Where is it exactly and what do you order?
I am going to try it out soon!
I ain't got it like that pimp lol
it left the park fast!
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
You know what?
fuck it.
If you want me in your life, let me know.
Bye.
lol you are awesome.
Thank you!!!
You folks make a mean chili!
Take that Wilt Chamberlain!
: Charlie Sheen has had sex with 5,000 women.
Adopt a puppy is more like it.
How would you pronounce MkeNerd?
iigh come on imma spark it off
Flipflop Mitt is rebranding himself as mister Consistent?
Really?
He could run as a poor, thoughtful, Asian woman, but that don't make it so.
MY BIG BRO ACTUALLY THOUGHT CHAD JOHNSON'S BIRTH NAME WAS CHAD OHCOCINCO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LMFAO
hmm...We're brainstorming good ideas for Park Day here at GBA.
Anyone have a good idea for a Green Park Spot?
Chromolithographs from Duruy's History of Rome available soon!
I'm surrounded by morons.
yeah amazon most likey going to have thier cd on there thats good thing about amzon.
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the FREE Health  Fitness Expo in Look for the booth!
Tweet me your tmblr name so I could follow you
As Nutter prepares budget, unions close in on 3 years without a contract Philadelphia's 12,500 nonuniformed city employees have been work
True story  RT : Pitches need to be better articulated to stand out.
What is the REAL problem that they can solve?
New shorts  spring time floral print fresh haha 
20ThingsAboutMe I have to listen to Jazz music on Pandora to fall asleep.
i dont no south carolina got a team
thanks Sam!
It means a lot.
TheWantedInWisconsin One Direction take notice
My thoughts and prayers are with the lowe family!
Happy Mothers Day to the Beautiful Moms out there.
This Complete EZMarketing Tool.Tell me What U Think?My E: on Dmand Webinar www.VideoTVEmail.com
happy mothers day
I use to get them in the middle of the night , they ain't no hoe foreal
perfect.
I work until 4.
Wish I had gas to go!
I so would
Smh I low key wanna go home
Why is Larry King tweeting about mayonnaise?
What ever happened to music with meaning?
That feel good..
touch my soul , I wanna fall in love/ make love music?
Hello.
Phish changed my life
Thanks so much!
I launched it just recently  appreciate the comment.
:
Shake your rump beastie boys
I feel like an anthropologist todayspending the afternoon at a engineerdominated conference on cloud computing.
Ok course.
What questions can we answer?
Hey Andoctor, Question does Dual Monitor View require more bandwidth that single monitor
Hi!
You can join the group on LinkedIn or follow us on Twitter.
We have events once per month.
We would love to have you!
YES!
But it's not illegal to kill roosters!
Sent from heaven!
Keisha Cole
I don't even think you have to apply; it's just given as a reward for being chair
Have faith in me
: Just doctornk a red bull so I can say up late and listen to and BFFsInMyHead yay!
Everyone Go follow !!
shes new to twitter and the most amazing person ever!
Yes, will be rectifying this situation over the weekend
Gearing up for our show tonight at The Hidden Castle in Norman, we're opening for our buddies Gunship.
Be there.
wasted inning there !!
Anyone making special munchies for today?
?
that happened to me at JT concert.
must be a quest tradition.
Do you have any links or books for mobile web design best practices?
Our chili con queso restaurant opens next week!
Roberto Mancini is going crazy!
are we still supposed to go straight to the library for Latin?
He gas to.
Ask Bob Ortegal.
: doing MAJOR control damage on the ticket.
Sad 2 see him turn N2 a Mark Cuban puppet.
About to start a new project: One Choral Album a Day.
Suggestions?
Doing double duty for MDA!
: You are quite funny.
Loved London and miss it.
Lived in Hampstead with the best of London's rock n roll
Off bright and early to set!
Im gone...
O don't u just love family event hah not today is gunna b hell
: Idk if I'll make it to the conference but if I do I'll pass along any neat things I find to you!
Happy Valentines day and Go Hogs, and Go Pack Go!!
Terrible start to the 3rd.
You cannot let OKC get a big lead.
All of the other program proposal processes are the divisions' and each has its own tiimeframe, deadlines,  procedures.
Congrats, Harvey!
RT Cool, I'm about to reach 6,500 tweets!
See the rest of my stats at Twitter Counter: twtr.to/49h2
Need someone to go to the movies with me on saturday
Smiles are contagus one leads too another
I just submitted my case, be jealous!
follow the
only when used correctly lol
My main betch comes home today!
This weekend has been doctorining but I am hoping that this coming week is much better.
Thanks for listening!
I still love you.
Especially when you keep booking Sharon Van Etten :
I will pray that you can walk in heels quickly.
May God's love and goodness be seen in your life.
Blessings!
Like 5 jk Um one downhill one freeride and one bmx, I traded my cross country bike for a motorcycle :D
Too much car.
Spinning Live from the Clevelander rooftop in Miami Beach on www.radio4by4.com, watch me live or better yet...come by.
Having friends that can relate to you.
To pick up these broken pieces till I'm bleedin' if that will make you mine.
Early start for an exciting day shooting with !
cannotwait!
keep your head up you are amazing and gorgeous!
You are a role model to so many!3
A joke dies.
Kudos for the clean Hammer  persuasive critique of MLB.
Compelling presser.
RT Ryan Braun says he's never had an STD
Most of the tweets on my home page are Birthday Wishes to honestly he has one of the best fan bases in the world Beliebers 3
my 40Glock put a big nigga to sleep tellm doctoram on
I was sitting here thinkin bout and then the Yoko video came whatTHATmean ?
Cubbies game tomorrow with my fave !!!!!!
EEk!!!!!
Dean!
you know why I did that right
...let's do this thing tonight, baby!
The only way of erasing reminisces of the past is to create more memorable experiences.
Chás This...
RT If we change how we perceive ourselves, maybe it will change how we perceive the world.
original
10ThingsIWantToBuy an underground road that is a straight shot to were I'm going
Happy Halloween!
like how u r Not following me thats y u didnt get my dm
Inventory is now available.
Join our full screen interactive iPad platform located at major hotels.
Ground floor opportunity.
I really wanna talk to my boo thang tho!!
Lol
Chuck Norris ain't got nothin' on Patrick Swayze in a knife fight...JUST SAYIN'!
hahahaha that's funny, and very convenient for the current situation.
Still love my best friend 
so you support getting your pay cut 1000?
Good for you!
You must not like the right to vote either.
do you already use WordPress or are you new to it?
no you don't nikki!
do you?:
U think they sound alike?
Maybe a little...
But he had me laughin  happy
I just want to see you cause i miss you!
10thingsthatilike 5 being one direction and 10 being food random but so true
Lady embrace your curves.....you're sexy
IKR!
I did too!
That was really sad!
My path is made of century old bricks, rescued from the demolished 1910 bank vault.
Roses cascade over odds  ends of mismatched iron.
Lucky
In the past 17 years or my schooling..
i have become quite efficient at writing a book report without ever reading the book!
I Can't Wait To See on RipTheRunWay!!!!
Progression !!!
Follow so she can get to 1,000 followers :D!!!!!!!!!
You too?!
What a game!
I wanna have a girls night out sometime real soon!
Im tired of bein bored out my dame mind!
Do you think MDX should be spending so much money on landscaping highways?
I don't know the numbers, but they must be real big.
I can't deal with weak ass people...
I was in a 3rd world country, you wanna see stress?
Misery?
GO THERE!
Life isnt that bad!
I promise!
I failed.
It takes great love and courage to excavate buried doctorams.
Sarah Ban Breathnach
this information is from Morgan Stanley Research
listening to the rebirth
You're no good for me,but baby , I want you,I want you.
I think you meant genteel, not gentile as in nonJewish
Wonderful visit from Ms.
Doudican's Project SHARP class.
I think there may have been a future librarian or 2 in that group!
Bye twitter, ima go and cuddle up next to my mom and watch a movie.
':
It'll b incredible how much cheese  chile I will be consuming on CincoDeMayo I'll forgo ProsRanch  ElMesquite  hit SamsClub this year.
haha YES!
Definitively made my morning.
Gonna try to find a 1 of those bumblebee headband things.
Ill wear it for fun, at parties.
Take a hint, unconvincing pimp guy, she's just not into this whole prostitution thing!
On the way to the new Sam's...yes they have finally added another much needed adult fun thing!
wishing a very happy birthday to digital guru !
No, and we're going to roast this afternoon!
It was suppose to be cloudy today.
:
Mood: Happy ;
somewhere wolfgang schauble is laughing manically
Finally almost at 1000
dude, did you find your balls yet?
NEW look for the website check it out baltimorebocce.com..
sign ups start March 1, 2010
i'm about at the point where i say 'melt the ice.
fire the coaches.
trade all the players and reboot in september.'
yeah you've lived in Pamdale your whole life?:
Ohh Ria..
u ain't gonna move out of house.
ONE bag is enough..
I unsuccessfully reported a stolen license plate.
After waiting a half hour, and watch 900 police officers ignore me, I left.
yep.
i totally do.
aw we wanna try it tomorrow lol
Get off my property!
Nan, it's just monopoly!
I would be warmly snowbound in my Yosemite cabin with plenty of bread and books.
nowreading John Muir
Didn't cut the commercial.
Im sure u do
Dont put gas today.
Sweet!
Thanks for the FF!
I got a text from that guy I dated for a hot second saying I love, love, love Stefon and I was like I love, love, love you.
Evasion will get you everywhere.
Dat Ups Package Finally Came Taday Can U Say Mo Power Fa
I tend to impress people with my cardmaking skills.
Absolutely priceless for family
It's snowing!
Come on down and grab a glass of vino and sit by the fire!
Urban Enoteca 4130 1st Ave S, Seattle, WA
I love your job!
How fun!
Know all the words!
Yes I'm sure, just had my breakfast so ;  haha silly girl  well let me check your background for a sec ; xo
All four candidates criticized Walker and promoted themselves.
No blows/criticisms thrown at each other yet.
Three is the best.
Not my favorite day
thanks so much, we had a great time!
ThePersonYourTextingWithDoesNotKnowYourLying When they send you something but you just say lol and you know your not really laughing.
Taylor swift is a bad bitch
Amen MT This is my mantra Just think of how awesome the world would be if every relationship started out w/ someone helping some1
Another plate in that sink could be dangerous, but don't worry we've got you covered at www.Straight2YourDoor.com
spiteful ppl 
sorry P, been very busy.
will email you
Watching House Bunny on Easter, this seems appropriate.
ARIANA IS OUR ONLY SHORTY THOUGH.
I love you 3
Lurve Flipboard!
I can see it is changing my twitter/rss habit completely
I want to follow me
Halloween or Dia de los Muertos?
Headed to Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, never been in a hurricane before...
Yeah, wouldn't hurt my feelings to see an upset, but I doubt it.
: True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not.
the good old invite to nonexistant after parties at the house
LastKingsDesigns gone have jersey's  baseball tees?
following back:
At the party, lets go brew crew!
Hellas stuffed from the best food:
How do you say what you're about to say differently knowing that your audience could turn it off right away asks
i produce.
....silly Kelsey....Casper's not Asian.
Bahaha
but always professorssional 
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
Just had a great lunch at Inspiration Kitchens.
Sorry to miss you .
Remain vigilant and participate at the ballot box...
It's up to all of us to organize like we've never organized...
And restore WI values.
MUSIC/SCORE: TBone Burnett and Stephen Bruton, Crazy Heart Runnerup: Alexandoctor Desplat, Fantastic mister Fox
I've stopped caring if people call me a freak.
Have you been to a party in the Hills?
EVERYONE there is a freak.

New STD called, feelings.
Don't catch that shit.
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the childoctorn.
Pope John Paul II
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Amy Tan
Because Im About That Life .
Al winners please Direct Messege me your Addoctorss's Next GIveaway is at 1500!!!!!!
Looking for a PR pro for month long project; could lead to full time position.
Interested?
Know some1 that might?
E: .
YES thank you!!
: : NowPlaying You Get Me Download available on iTunes.
Great stuff,,check him out.
Depends, if its a single point of failure in a time crunch its more acceptable than code in a green pasture with no constraints
Atlanta loves your music!
I try girl!!
History professorssor
hates daisy dukes and bikini's on top.
Totally unCalifornian.
Just time for him to switch states.
Kindness is gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us.
HenriFrederic Amiel
like a spot up front?
Party favors?
I'm at Hoboken Pie trying out the vegan pizza.
Come on down!
Red River  8th
Good news at last!!
the white guy is a professorssional wrestler
We just performed at capfringe2011 festival!!
We had a good time.
I hope you did too!!
ARE YOU READY FOR PhlirtyFridays?
Email to get on the REDUCED ADMISSION GUESTLIST!!
Rt
Ive never had a problem sleeping one the plane but I am still exhausted.
I have been up since 430 to catch my flight.
The UK Mockingjay release date is same as US.
Sadly, the rumor of an earlier release is not true.
Where does the whiteness go when snow melts??!!
thanks!
It's my next sessionit was my fave session from last year
A succulent, fuzzy one, more like it.
;
A new TVD
Well when you put it that way.....
lol!
: 3
Not ready for Monday!!!...
shoutout happy bd
Happy Birthday !!!
I learned a lot about the art of a good presentation.
I though the doula was so powerful using one narrative as a through line.
One of my coworkers told me to be gOod over the weekend.
And I told here nope I'm a
Haha oh yeah
Our thoughts are with Virginia Tech
I'm liking this place, kinda empty  the music is soft.
Bar Keeper is cute.
He called me lovely when asking my pleasure.
One glass then home
Diamond Microdermabrasion Whitening including Whitening SerumGold Peel off Mask only 300 K.
Info:021 31908203,3922021,087880536758.
I find it funny that some people will actually pay  for followers
When a splitter goes down, that's good  Tim McCarver a few years ago
Sleep over party!
This is gonna be a fun night
Yesterday, we had to say nearly 10,000 registered users on Urban Employ.
Today, we can say over 10,000 registered users!
I love St.Josephs day.The marching paradesthe Mardi Gras Indians.One of my favorite celebrations here.
Bucket seats or get in some snuggle time on a big ole bench seat?
Omg...
I remember when I met HubeyBrown in Memphis when I was doing my intern at
Lets Start a Trend!!!!
RealNiggas!
Sometimes I wish people came with subtitles.
yep, got a bunch of those here too..
just ignore it
I get WAY too excited about making graphics in PowerPoint
toppers.
Had you said toppers I would have called it in and we could have stayed and doctornk, dummy!
I GET TO GO HOME, school is over!
That makes me so happy!
what is the meaning of 5 de mayo
sweet not sweer i dont even know what sweer is O.o
You raised me, you paid for me to go to college.
Sorry that didn't work out
Someday your prince charming will come.
Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is too stubborn to ask for directions.
My brother eats all of our food!
SOPA and PIPA are not the answer please keep the internet a place that can freely exchange information and ideas.
Day two of the girlstourney is complete.
Lakeville South moves on over Roseau by a score of 50.
just you wait!
you usually sleep thru the good stuff.
not this time!
Also The Sports Club/LA is pleased to extend three onemonth memberships to Baku Sunset members.
Preparing for the league of dorks baseball doctorft this weekend in LV.
9 of 10 owners will fly in.
Some I haven't seen in ten years
SHUT UP were rocking out to some Jason Aldean haha good times
Neither does Chris Webber and he's a great analyst.
Christopher Plummer delivered a great acceptance speech.
Billy is kickin' it!
NFLX Hastings: 'Incredible breadth' of library still key to appeal, rather than new releases
Right!
So if I read two books a day for the rest of year, I should totally be caught up on my To Be Read list.
lmfao ikr u can tell her ass is fake her hips were movin but her ass cheeks weren't ahaha
Shame to see Carp be the final out.
Mariners were awful and will get the 3rd pick.
Definitely made the most outta the year.
Needs to get back to his acting and writing career.
Got caught up in my current job and it's not what I love doing.
Quality pocket awareness from Rex Grossman.
Women should know the secret to a man's heart is through his stomach.
That's called reconnaissance.
Sorry to anyone who got tweeted about weight loss crap.
A follower had their acct hacked
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Marcos!
We hear you talking, but no one is listening.
Everything you've said and have to say has already been said.
So, what's the point?
hello pork chops
Same nigga that I always been
Trouble by Coldplay .
learn it .
play it
Long work day, tired
i once had a child come into the library and her name was Azriel.
This girls mother named her after SATAN.
We're waiting!
Can we request Under the Sea?
Wtf my twitter keep saying forbidden when I try too follow people back  Oo !

WOW!
Super interesting and ironic!
Thanks a lot, sir!
I think I would say I am in boat 3 on this one What do you think doc?
RT : This presentation is eggciting!
a former colleague who works in the bldg now says it's biden
Nothin like listenin to In The Ghetto by Elvis in the mornin doctorveB
Live TwitChat w/ at SuperBowlMkting.
Talk SB45 /ads/ endorsements.
OctFC Send questions and join in!
is a follow to much to ask?
xx 4
Monday, Monday, Monday...let's do this.
that's very generous of you..
I find them all shrill  a bit panicked..
A symptom of hyperbole addiction..
Sad.
I use to b a LeBron fan, but dat Nigga is a bitch
That is a seriously talented school!
So much hard work  dedication by all...so good to hear!
Like, three people today have told me that my hair is pretty : Lovin' it!
He uses twitter so little I don't even know his name yet...
Dagga Dagga mic check!!!
Swing through on a whim, on a bike, on a magic carpet.
Weez eezy babeez.
: hell yeah..
Cause he's a bad ass!
southernthing rockonbaby what would be a good ass?
i need a massage, like badly!
we have had scholarships open to grad students.
just not this one.
Wait...tonight's the NFL doctorft?
Someone farted in my yoga class while downward facing dog.
Totally wrecked my
I was being funny...I will def check em out.
RT : It was a book first.
There are three books I believe.
SO GOOD.
HELP!
I have a great little book, The Seasoned Personality.
Having a hard time selling.
Humbly asking for your HELP!
Two Trailer Park Whores go Around the Outside, Around the Outside, Around the Outside !
EminemMoment xD
Going to be playing some cash game action tomorrow.
It's not too bad!
I like it!
Hope you sleep tight and doctoram of more than just sheep ;
Simply gorgeous.
The workmanship from the seventh century is unbelievable.
hope today is a blessing because lastnight wasnt /3
That was ambush radio at its finest.
I stopped listening at the break.
He wouldn't let you answer anything.
What a douche.
I know a Director who would disagree.
She thinks thereal part is just that.
Real emotion is what Actors should observe.
Time to go to the new dentist...who happens to be a past client.
He'll be sticking sharp objects in my mouth...hope he likes his house!
I don't steal.
Anything.
Ever.
I have way too strong of a guilty conscience.
Plus anything i'd want I could just buy...
In addition to our downtown dining specials, we're offering a free appetizer buffet during our happy hour!
what was the first song you learned on guitar?
informally outline ideas or quickly write down words that come to mind
: RighttoWork means RightToGetScrewedByTheRadicalRight.
Who's up to go to a white sox game this summer?
when do I become mayor of threatville?
Follow for me?:
It bothers me that a streetcleaner trucks or similar vehicles that doctorve like 5mph aren't using hybrid technology already.
love making music and love
monetizing 1 trillion in debt and only talking to the press about his NCAA bracket
Tomorrow night!
Workshop with Anna Mikhed AND a social!
What could be better?!?!
smiling and waving I'm awesome!
How r u?
I swear to god my intentions were gold
By the way...taxes done!
Gettin a refund.
Winning!
Q2: Should we as ux designers push more sites to create mobile optimized versions?
Why or why not?
I got Merle, Willie, George Jones and friends on the box Rollin to Austin for
There is now a liquor store and a beer/cheese shop in the shopping center with my gym.
Vertical integration, fuck you.
Oh, so that's where Kid Cudi has been hiding...
In a meeting discussing art installations.
Fun stuff.
Thanks, Chip!
I'm in good company.
: congrats on the new gig with !
im so sleepy idk why
Sorry..from BattleofAtlanta PKA; our admin assisting JerseyGirlCouture  mistakenly sent info to our contactgroups .
Pls forgive!
I'll be at the bullfrog tonight in Redford, tv 20 new show called shame or fame live recording tonight.
You should be here.
let's go tigers!
Aw man, would I LOVE to be at this hockey game right now.
seriously missing you right about now
: In BK hatching a master plan with and
Getting 5 miles in before work this morning.
But on a treadmill.
It's cold in WI!
hi there!
I'm so glad you are interested in voice  accent mod!
Keep checking back, I should have my website up soon.
Wow, that's a beauty.
Can't wait to see what you make with it.
:
staying up all night would have been productive if i spent it actually doing something....fuck.......school
hm...I may have a couple quarters over here for you if need em...I think that Super Vac at the car wash is like .75...LOL!
On my last tweet...
the professorund neglect of men and our justice system towards the wickedness of rape didn't happen in OT see Genesis 34
RT This company does awesome acid stains on floors and pool decks etc.
Great on to follow www.AcidStainer.com
Umm, no charges against Bernie Fine!
Travesty.
I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life, If I die next Tuesday.
Thank you for the breakfast  dvds.
you made getting up at 7am worthwhile.
I'm a poet and I write lines deeper than tha grand canyon, as I get higher than tha tip of Mount Everest!
Bill has passed.
Good night for a beer on the roof.
Second math test in a row I was done first.
Need a cup of tea, just instantly makes me warmer.
I pass by some class room and see a bright ass teal head.
Oh yeah that's :D
Thanks for the FFs and !
Have a great Saturday!
My last final today, stoked!
Hear via my last tweet aka
Hi, I'm super depressed.
Thanks for adding to my self hatred.
Power music?
What music fuels your run?
I'm personally not a fan of that airpark.
Whitted is the better airport.
Thanks for the FF love : 
Very cool idea.
Mind sending us more details at ?
KLM LAW GROUP W/ SOUTH FLORIDA TIMES presents: South Dade Father's Day Celebration 2012 JUNE 6TH!
I am so speechless at how creepy this situation is.
much appreciated Rhonda; you also have a fab day

how do yall think i feel lol
Loving the Tempted sing along...the squeeze concert is fantastic and they sound amazing!
Whats g ma, i hope you having a good Friday so far...
We're having a neighbrhd event in your area this Weds, we'd love to have parents who live there at event to share perspective
Relieved are safe and sound in TN and OH!
Now...
hoping for minmal damage with family in TN!
xx
!
Sending our deepest gratitude and love your way!
Your support means so much to us!
Thank you, sister!
You are making waves!3
Check out our new Boston apartment videos  YouTube.com/ProperRG.
Request apartments to be filmed!
Where can I get the best deal on a flight between san Diego and las Vegas?
big ten network sucks...
no one cares about uofm basketball
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Benjamin Disraeli
oh gosh!
lol swag daddy.
Well i guess it's true laughing is contagious.
You know what i mean!
Smh RT : seriously needs to fix this spam stuff...
Been goin on for to long
I'm back, baby.
Who would u rather help w your household or business budgetinvestment?
One knows growth or 2 keep spending?
Romney or Obama?
OHMYGOSH.
you have the BEST taste in guys.
is so attractive.
What kind of idiot signs up and starts trolling a timezone database maintenance mailing list?
Wtf people.
It counts to me too lol.
John Travolta gets right to the point!
Sure !
ill check out their music !
Yes I do, it rocks!
We're looking into it!
Looks like a pretty fun game.
Seems like Sim City with extra personality.
5am her and im full ofg stash
Good night everyone there will be the smell of breakfast waiting in the morning and tht splash of sunlight will just make it even better!
yeah I know I heard!
I can't wait for Thunder!
Researchers present a shiny new tool for imaging biomolecules At the heart of the immune system that protects our bodies from disease and
hey Dallas I know we haven't talked in a while just wanted to say hello
If you need beats cam I got you, all types, I do PR and I make logos/mix tape covers, HMU IF U WANNA DO BUSINESS MY DUDE
Ugh.
Facebook looks different again.
Twitter, you are the new constant in my life.
Good morning tweeps !
: 
FF great insights are gained by following
Poor Sammy : and jack.
Emily belongs with jack not Daniel
try power cycling the cable box
Thank you for this.
RT Truth is stubborn.
Our nature, our secret hearts can only hide for so long.
UP FROM THE BLUE
RT : Every day of your life is preparation for the next  what seeds are you sowing today?
ha!
Sure!
I just need to get a bike :
All about Bon Ivor right now.
Is everybody else over his angelic falsetto by now?
for a little RF investigation at a home on Chappy
knew that pne was real!: I subscribed u!: RT?
Follow?
: LOVE YA!
is steeped in production contracts, scheduling, travelling, and hitting the bull's eye...
took me almost two hours to get to dulles airport.
now leaving at 730 for an 11 am flight doesnt seem like overkill
MorningMotivation Never doubt that a small group of committed citizens can change the world  M.
Mead
Ok, 2 miles down while listening to Cecilia Bartoli singing Bizet.
Exquisite and surreal at twilight!!
At least Romney allegedl bullied dudes.
I like how earlier I was so tired I could pass out and now I'm not tired at all.
What is my problem?
End of the Road by Boyz II Men is in my head.
Haven't heard it for years.
re CrowdStrike.
Fight snake oil with snake oil!
his back hurt already?
Todays weather is awsome but on a monday seriously
Also: nervous about the Man of Steel movie and Henry Cavill's look reminiscent of 90sera mullet Superman.
just a Reminder about Sunset Island Music You can follow us at www.twitter.com/sunsetimusic and www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
Morning y'all ;
we love you more mama 33
It's quite ironical that more teenagers watch Mad Men than old people
this just made my day :LOL
Love this idea, when you start looking at nonprofessorts, is a great one, but I am slightly biased ;
Man idiots like that make me shake my head.
I don't blame athletes for not being on twitter when I see hate like that.
The old m and m connection!!!
Go giants!
Im looking for females that can bring 5 other females out to the club every thursday friday and saturday for free and get paid
Everywhere is full of nerds.
We just feel safe here ;
can i write with gasoline on your doctorve way and light it up ?
Thanks for the warning.
We're locking up all the Bud Light and trim now.
if i won id like to peek under the hood to learn from a theme i liked.
Hahahaha!
Well it is known that The Prophet was an ardent lover of cats.
He would often give sermons with his fav cat.
Wanna get a tweet from he's the best and I love him and his family
Who's having a greathairday today?
Share your photos with us!
in a word.
nah.
what kinda girls do u like?
What up folks!
Thanks Julie Marie for a great session on organizing your Email!!
Cwood!
ARodg!
Grant!
Da pack!!!!
Wow!
Why you gunna act like that ?
we're big fans of and
Wow.
This is complicated.
Slow go this show.
Remembering those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our country.
Thank you.
I won't stop now!
Mets Win, Rangers Win, Rays Win...that is all.
Goodnight tweethearts 
thats y i said how much would u charge cuz for it lol n i know but i aint got time to do a photoshoot for all the otha pics
You were looking pretty darn cute but you disappeared.
Great pirate outfit ;
Oyeee I love a new phone but learning how to use it is ridiculous bligh :p
is not going to downtown poundtown?
Its all good!
Hey hun, thanks for following.
we'd love to connect
we are good for now, but will keep you in mind for the future for sure!
thank you.
Still looking for a job?
Come to our Resume and CV workshop tomorrow at 3:30 in Zimmerman Library, B30.
See you there!
I got.to fucking blown yesterday!!
Wait till I get home, damnit!
lol
Working on my personal branding.
New business cards, new resume.
Getting around to the blog.
Not near a TV but glued to my twitter to see all the best eredcarpet looks!
Maybe a redcarpet hair video next week perhaps.
FREE Moscato til 11 at NOTTE!!!!
Ladies come enjoy a couple glasses on us MMESwag
The new wine pairing features sure are a hit!
If you haven't checked us out yet  you are missing out!
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
Heraclitus
Watchin Dmx and his wife tryin too reconcile on this tv show.
X use too be my dog but Cocaine is a hell of a doctorg.
no D;
but like right now dude i feel like taking over the world or having like the best yolo day today
well..
The lyric would be Mississippi Beauty but..
We can change it to that, I'm ok with that.
THIS!
RT : Wearing white for
Happy birthday to
Oh yeah?
Nice.
Thanks for checking it out!
don't forget losing Salisbury
slacker!
Lol just kidding.
I was fortunate to go to both and i watch the DVDs a lot :
Out of leftovers?
Come to us and have a Turkey Day Calzone.
It rules.
Haha heat fans.
SHUT UP!!
...said several thousand laughing Rangers fans as they logged on to StubHub.
giving me a complex now...but she's the only one who has mentioned anything
flips her lid at CA52 DNC Delegate vote when she sees an opponent's signage.
Verbal abuse and intimidation ensues.
In the New Music Spotlight, Hear the 1st SOLO SONG from Kix Brooks since Brooks n Dunn at 8pm!
I watch ur show everyday, love u girl :
ME TOO!
30 Rock, chocolate cake, glass of wine, and uke practice.
see you there
If the shoe don't fit..don't wear it
hey!
I see you on the anime cons mailing list :D
ooh was it good?
Just staring at my comp screen waiting for 4pm.
I want to say thank you to all the actors out there who really give it their all you rock and you WILL MAKE IT!
Doors of opportunity open to those who continually knock, keep knocking and the doors will open!!!;
Billy Martin's record as a Yankee manager was 556 wins, 385 losses, two AL titles and one world championship.
Very True AriaaQuotes When the voice inside your head and heart speak, LISTEN:
yea after you
I have yet to see any prblmhowever complicatedwhich, when looked at in the right way, did not become still more complicated Poul Anderson
Blue Venom my new FAV
At ad:tech NY?
Don't miss Fanscape CEO at the Marketing to Teens and Millennials: Creative Showcase of Digital Success Stories session
can hardly wait to see them!
It's the
Thanks to the dudes in for hanging with us!
Fun show!
I heard you were a wild one ;
whats up?
How was the show?:
Hi, Lacy.
I'd like to RSVP for tonight's MF.
Thanks!
Happy birthday,
RT Electing Santorum would solve our immigration problem but create an enormous one for Canada.

Jus gotta order my shoes den I'm done
Rivers Monroe will be having a contest so fans can win some REALLY COOL STUFF.
This will happen soon, so stay tuned RM fans!
RM
DO U KNOW ANY 1 DOING DJ HOST ON MIXTAPES IM TRYING TO GET A HOST ON MY TAPE
yes u r!
imma wear my jb shirt tat day
How's ?
He's jealous why Simon don't called him to be a judge, maybe in the next season if Brit  Demi didn't renew the contract
New business idea...vegan food for travelers.
There is no vegan friendly food in airports!
Thanks for the idea
Its the presidents of the united states of america at bestofseattle2010.
What'll they think of next?
: Don't forget to enjoy your families, the outdoors, and depressurize this summer flipclass
I could talk myself into Aubrey O'Day.
ARE YOU TELLING ME MY STUFF OFFENDS YOU haha
Need a boo for a movie this weekend, 1st time i'm off thur, frid and sat!
say Word
We're taking time to update our own socialmedia strategy today.
Is your company adhering to a realistic, measurable strategy?
how did your Angels do???
Its funny you only tweet when they win
thx for follow, returning favor, peace 
Ur Dallas on Austin and Ally?
I love ur character !
:
no ma'am she is trying out for cheer
Thinking Ruthven.
RT : so which member of the Fantasic Four gets to ride the pine and never see the pitch again?
AY BAY BAY
Lebron said that games aren't won or lost on the free throw line....um yes they are.
Lol
We all packed up and ready for my weekend with mike
Hey software thought leaders...the first 5 replies to this tweet will get 100 off a two day pass to ALM Chicago.
Instant addict: trying to devour the entire podcast library in one go.
It helps but the Jazz have a bright future and they TRADED AWAY their star.
Whether it's work or school
CREATURE opens SEPT.
9th!
Washington Redskins 28 Baltimore Ravens 21 End Of 3rd redskins ravens nfl
Tip of the day: If you want to make music but you dont know how then alls you got to do is hire a professorssional music maker.
okay bye everyone!
see you at 3pm
Absolutely!
We got a lof of work to do in this hiphop and education thang.
And thanks for the shoutout on the Trayvon essay!
A fabulous and special FF to !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLFRIEND!
xoxox
Looking forward to the LittleBrownJug minisite to go live tomorrow!
Fight on in one roomLuther playing in the otherone foot in both rooms
my fav show ever
i love cute guys!
3
lol, I don't think is bad after all.
Band members wear them at shows so yeah!
5ThingsICantStand My crush, Ben Richards, Girlfriend
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS, RT PLEASE
Boys, if all of you don't look like Calvin Klein models, don't expect us all to look like Victoria Secret models.
3
that would be tight but i wanna know what are the specs of the iphone 5 before i get hype
If you want to live with all I have to give I need to feel true love or it's got to end
Another easycontent tip: G hangoutsonair allow you to livestream  then record to Youtube.
: I would pay more for an iPhone if it were made in the U.S.
iEconomy  I would.
If I had a dog...and lived in the Austin area...he/she would certainly be spending time They ...love dogs for a living!
First time I met him I was like wow...
this kid needs to lay off the caffeine.
Bo Jackson is hilarious
Rooms should be timeless.
Sister Parish

thanks guys
I WILL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT IF YOU REPLY TO THIS.
LITERALLY ANYTHING.
: 3
talking bout ur commentary last night with friends today; gave lots of us chills!
Nice job!!
It's a talker today.
SAP takes on Oracle in database war
: Words never spoken: Well, I finally have enough clothes, said the woman.
I am saying it now I have enough clothes!!!!!!!
: Too tired to fap even.no such thing
Bagels and sandwiches are good though...try Park St branch, it has a better vibe.
you need a tub of frosting with a few bites of cake on the side
so why is it still in the Bible?
And what do gay people have to be saved from?
Themselves?
thank you!!
I ain't hatingg lol ..
What would my name be if i was jewish ?
lol
I don't think you have anything to worry about ; Besides, the flight to LA is pretty short.
I'd commute!
Exactly.
RT : New motto: Chill the f out.
ite whatever then since you wanna play this game again.
should be officially retired, he deserves that honor
off to the Black Room tonight to pick out a top for tomorrows Heavy Metal tribute shoot
Double Rainbow!
Is the Brewers Game on the radio in Milwaukee?
That's his turd face.
good jazz xylophone is the shit!
Thank you, Mike!
RT : Good luck to all our friends at for the show in Miami and to for his seminars!
for what it's worth  USAA is totally great.
and they have amazing customer service.
So did I.
Feel great.
Now it's time for bed.
I love how Daniel Murphy is a trending topic hes been my man since he joined the Mets in '08..
about fuckin time others recognize greatness
Thanks for your fantastic voting tool and impressive technology that allowed us to win the launchfest Pitch Competition!
What part of town are you in?
, , , or might be nearby.
I'm a little lamb who's lost in the woods.
I know I could always be good to one who'll watch over me 3
LOLOLOLOL ya I like that
Update icma11...waters st is the place for food and doctornks!
VIBE 's New Interview With New Boyz On VLN TV!
VIBE sat down with the group New Boyz for a detailed breakdown of what defines their music
I see 75 wins on that schedule.
We follow !
ILikeObamaCare because America belongs among the nations that look out for their women, seniors, childoctorn, and sick.
We ALL deserve this.
gotta take care of yourself Miss J!!!
Even though you looking good on the outside don't mean you gotta neglect the inside ;
YOU'RE A STAR!
Well not if don't want to...
Fair warning though our kids will be Pacers and Tigers fans
The work never stops in this biz ...
hey ask the iconic boyz hold old r all of them!!??
Im asking my twitter fam to tell at least one person about DonnieBalboa...I want people to hashtag it...I'd really appreciate the love
Aww.
It's nice there in the summer.
But only for a week or so.
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner  Rapid City Journal
Two people in my timeline are doctornking Grain Belt Nordeast.
I have cool pals.
I'M PRETTY SURE THIS IS THE FIRST WEEK OF MAY.
The big picture is purposely obscured.Divisive issues create disillusionment and apathy.Freedom is the central striving of sentient beings.
Yea for !
We have cooling.
Oh I love the chit chat at the doctors office.
I wonder if we're thinking the same thing.
I have a coupon for Nutella and I'm not afraid to use it.
Rolling to doctorpalcon with to the Dever base camp for
RT McMillan pregame surprisingly says Camby is weeks away from returning from left knee surgery.
Hm.
I heard much earlier
Atty for Escondido bomb maker says client is a broken man who is very humble,very remorseful, extremely apologetic.
Great Harden's Beard!
Good question.
I worked for a place that used NIH grants to make Web sites that no one ever saw.
Wow u guys are all in synch,either that or there's a secret quote competition going on :
ThatAmazingMoment when you get your boyfriend to like Ghost Adventures 3
Our website is really laggy today due to the extra traffic from article.
We're working with to try to improve this!
That awkward moment when you turn to look at someone and they're already looking at you.
BiTCHES WANNA LAY ME DOWN
Is it to late to doctornk redbull?
Thanks for the follow!!
Happy New Year!
HonestTweet I miss having someone to be intimate and best friends with.
Fml.
if I go today I will doctorp dead on the tredmil.
It's SAM!
Claire hasn't been on this in ages.
I miss her :
Very loud when came on...
student talking about how social sharing is still a mess.
Give users way to receive awards for social support.
So i guess im just the worst person in the world, im mot humble, im not compassionate, and im arrogant...
Wow, so what does that say abt you
Stopping by at 6111 Kirby to see what they have going on this afternoon.
They have great Ecofriendly products you'll love!
Awks moment when my followers don't talk to me anymore cause I haven't been on in forever, well I missed you guys :
HOWDY omg plzz give me a SHOUTOUT cuz i really need more followers
New video coming soon for our first single, You Will Not Fail from the upcoming album.
Glad we chose Paul Qui's Uchiko to celebrate 's birthday...
The James Beard 2012 Southwest region winner!
Cc:
and then we learn from the mistakes we make brother
big ol' jet airliner PDX  SFO
I Love this quote: You can have everything in life you wantif you will just help other people get what they want  Zig Zigler
my dad was a WWI  WWII vet discharged after Korea.
Never joined VFW or legion, never thumped his chest.
With all The Hunger Games news on E!
and Jennifer Lawrence on Chelsea just got me antsy about tomorrow.
Teacher: what do you wanna be when your older Me: a fucking doctor!
Teacher: you gotta do better in math Me:...fuck that shit!
This weekend is about to be hecka fun .
:
Lunch time...
Baja Salad anyone?
would be mine too!
I've been looking for one everywhere.
white woman is expert on black people.
ok
nccetl not about teaching technology skills but integration into teaching and learning
probably created the aliterations  though can't think of any that I might have had for public consumption
yo u still got them new pics u said u had of u dunkn bouta make the FRESH ENT.
COVER
My height.
You asked what I was up to?
8P
I know the deadline stated on the link says Friday, but we're extending it until 8pm EST...
just in time for the Grammys :
The Welcome to Paradise Tour has like three shows left.
Maybe next tour
follow me back?
:
you were so restrained about that answer!
ITS OFFICIAL, today is the first day of Spring!
Enjoy it :
yeah haha btw my hammy is better so we need to get to the rec center soon to ball
the colormatching on the lipstick shots is incredible!
Who is the administrator for this account?
Repetition can make something complicated become second nature
Billboard I just read: Make a promise to your family this new year...Get tested for Hepatitis B.
wtf?
close to finishing a project.
Then a relaxing weekend!
because you're afraid you'll slice it, toast it and butter it?
.
things will get a lot more affordable in SF after the next tech crash
she is really see
Off to help put a great man, husband and father in the earth.
David Boyd RIP
Oh no those Angry Birds hangovers are killer!
:/
Just discovered that bibimbop makes a very satisfying vegetarian meal
an easyout from his engagement to the sheman.
Boom.
Right Hand INSIDE the WAIST Walther P22 leather holster.
yup!
but you're in good hands with the rest of our mke team!
great things in the works : RT permanent move?
Feelin the itch for a roadtrip
GET SOME ciroc
You now realize that it's 4 am and you're reading about the taxonomy of capybaras on Wikipedia.
PayPal is awful
Unless some sweetness at the bottom lie, who cares for all the crinkling of the pie?
hope you get to your destination safely!
Let me know if you wind up in KC for any amount of time.
thank you Sean!
Much appreciated!
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book
I know I'm getting old because people six days younger than me are talking about how old they're getting.
.
is clutch for the !
Great goal to send it to OT.
Also had GW vs.
Calgary recently.
Go peskystars!
Thinking about having a party soon:
My boy
Let's go San Fran!!!!
Send your pics to TopekaHigh2002 gmail dot com please and thanks!
Great discounts really help the budget.
All we got again this system is the SWORD!
Sharpen your SWORD and go to WAR!
Sorry last picture I posted was quite explicit, and nasty as !
Prayer is natural and almost spontaneous when compassion grows in the heart...
Prayer belongs to the compassionate believer
RT : You have 9 seconds to captainre interest of your customers
Why is it I can post all day on Facebook, but when it comes to Twitter doctorw a blank?
If there was a instagramjail would def be in it..
Stop postin all them damn pics
she's having quite a personal and professorssional experience.
happy 4 her  she takes it one day at a time.
:
Alright...think I'm going to bed.
What's with this spontaneous insomnia return crap?
I just found a person impersonating as me on twitter and sending sick messages to news organizations and the president.
Calling the police.
Dear Personal Trainer: thank you for my complete immobility and combined backache today.
Arrghh!
That awkward moment when the person you're texting stops replying and you think its because of something you said.
It was great to catch up with last night!
I nominate Hillary Clinton for president, US 2012.
Thanks for joining our community  for questions or a nocost consulation, give us a call  9054447.
why bro what happened?
OMG, watching that again, I cannot restrain myself from LOLing.
Love ya Al!
You may not be perfect in some ways but many things can't be perfect without you.
Describe in one word the ideal communication system to the people that are important to your success.
Great video!
Can relate a lot!
Painted my nails.
It looks like a white Christmas is out of the question in Milwaukee.
that's Kimmel.
Hoping my bracket gets busted tonight.
Go Hoosiers!!!
Listening to the rain
love you too meesey!!
Yea, that's the dark side of MSG.
I have friends who are very allergic, so I always try to avoid it when eating out.
When I think about you, I think about 17 3 Funny how a melody sounds like a memory: eric church
I will never forget you, your smile, your laugh, your voice or your touch.
Go fly with the angels and may your spirit be free
Have you or anyone you know been to Argentina or Scandanavia ?
Let me know.
I'm hoping to go soon :
Danny Green lookin like he back at UNC lol
or use the hotbot.
WOW Thank You!
Back 2 you!!!
RT : FF  Loyal, Friendly, Caring, RTs, Engages.
Find her, follow
Thanks for the follow!
We hope you have a great day!
Why mf'ers always post shit like other people never do it?
You just got exposed to the remainder of the world...
Many been in  around it.
Havent been at TV station this early since my days at FOX 4
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it
I got another libretto today getting closer to a final decision for next year's musical!
I promise it'll be boring and you'll all hate it.
Up like its the thing to do!
Sorry i Cant B yo Valentine this yr.
Maybe it was a twitter glitch.
Twitter randomly doctorpped a bunch of people I followed and heard it happened to others.
Summer 2012; long boarding.
Surfing.
Beach everyday.
Best friends.
's mixtapes to my beach playlist.
CS concert.
Very much agreed.
I hate when people give me the run snub
Thank you for following us!
: RT : is on Twitter.
Yay and Yum!
oh boy
You on your grown woman but till talking behind peoples back thats that grade skool shit
what's good?
How u been bro
At Tractor Tavern About to see Scarlet Room!
I love this band!
No, it's a good thing.
Thank you.
ok this is the group of ppl living w/ disabilities that got arrested for protesting Ryan's budget last yr in DC again this week.
Went down two followers!
This is crap!
How can I solve this dilema!?
This isn't real
Alyson Williams ticket giveaway today at 3 at Facebook/BluesAlley
You are the result of 4 billion yrs of evolutionary success.
Fcking act like it.
Don't know where this originated, but it makes me smile.
Get better man!
Hope everything went well.
Well, tomorrow is the big day of placement tests.
Not like I haven't used my mind for intelligent thought in a long time.
Nbd.
proves that paper is a rag
I've been having such a good day today.
Hope everyone else is, too.
:
agree!!
Pretty McPrettyface!
Where's the story about you headbutting someone.
I wanna read that!
Bit about the cyclists is funny.
Especially the parents.
thomas can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
I think so too!
Sending out some more info and hoping a little Twitter and FB might help raise some more MOney!
Silent scream...It operates like a slingshot that resets automatically by design.
Magnetic fields are the power source.
A special thanks to for talking baseball this afternoon ....
Going to bed.
Got to be up 4:30 in the morning for work
Nothing like eating sugary cereal at 3am watching doctor doctorw interview the doctor who prescribed Anna Nicole Smith her doctorgs.
When you like 5 and have a curfew on talking on the phone.
Thanks!!
I like being
What are you reading or writing this fair Sunday?
Its goin down!
Got my war paint on!!
Fb we comin for u 2 take our joy back!
Lmao!
every walk into your kids room and get an instant headache and then walk out because it's not your problem!
Not today my little sunshine.
wouldve been weird if he was doctornking a Cheerwine.
have u gone on a road trip with the wee one?
Answering the door with cigarette and martini in hand.
Trick R Treat.
come to club staus bro!!
U need to stop doctornking vodka......24/7!!!takin advantage of freinds who actually care abt u!!!yur life isnt that bad!!!otrs gt it
without you, Enchancers wouldn't have existed, the bullet would just be a bullet, and Oklahoma would still just be a state.
Anyone attending the NCSS Conference this weekend in DC?
Would love to meet folks.
Happy birthday !
:
Buying mother and daughter Pandora charms for mom on Mothers Day.
GirlsWithNoAss DONT TAKE IT TO THE HEART...
ITS JUST TWITTER lmfao
Definately not close in this hoot contest....
I'll perform at eventually.....
I wanna c avengers!!!!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!!
Call me, Email me or Please see my website: 
He wasn't ready to play!
Great to meet all of you.
My wheels are spinning!
Austin they are so busy i have called 85 times , im giving up..
yo Liz I can't wait to see you do your thing AllFemaleFightCard its about time!
Follow the role of Jayme in PrettyLittleThings played by Will McMahon
Got iphone cases for sale
showing love make sure you check out the capital city cowboys sat vs the virginia storm 7pm benson NC C40 CWO
Congrats on the JL contest!
U r awesome!
We'd love 2 know what u think of Secret Skwirl.
We need to find these guys.
Cheers!
dont do the bob !!!
very true and see ur point but this isn't about the team.
It's about the player
YesSir!
RT : Taurus are motivated to work toward goals  love to see them achieved.
Don't let lost keys ruin your weekend plans!
20 off unlocks today!
Call 5032414922, today  mention Facebook or Twitter !!
I am def thinking about it ;
you read me like an open facebook account
Clerks is still a classic movie
overheardala RT : Overheard on Bourbon Street: So he played these electroclash porno tracks...
Oh hey, are you guys librarians?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Toshiba Thrive 7 Andoctorid Tablet With 32gb Internal Storage,
really..?
well I just want you to see our frustration..
the MLS is on the rise!
Hope you make it out to the playoff game
If your my 500th Follower ill give u a S/O
Pioneering American photographer William Klein to get Sony achievement honours: The pioneering US photographer w..
Maryland AG appeals DNA ruling
Big shift away from back doctorven processes of design to predict to now investing in reacting real time to meet needs of consumers
Question 4: If you have a family member that you can't stand, are you still obligated to spend time with them just cus they are family?
Sorry to hear it.
Have fun at doctorgonCon!
YO people hit me up if info is needed, i need assist keep in mind, relevant stay happy humble confident
While the Big Boss is at Miller Park today you should all take advantage of the 12 pizza special at Emerald City Catering 4147628866
Movie wit mom, hope it's good.
My fridayreads choice is due to I love this book  my son is learning Russian and I want to go over this book with him.
2nd CITIZEN: Peace!
let us hear what Antony can say.
BoilerUp RT : With Purdue winning today to improve to 326  Kentucky losing, Boilers' .842 winning  now leads the nation
I really want to do a cover on Boyfriend by: !
He would do great.
Hi l love us imagine but need to be more specific
What's with the one game opening series between the Cardinals n Miami , a one game series???
Makes no sense
I already miss
were watching the astronaut movie
Glad to hear life is treating you well!
Cheers!
Back from the NOW Conference of Innovative Writing.
Preparing papers or presentations for NOW Paris, Louisville Writers Conference, Conf
noope they broke up a year or two ago lolol
., I think you did the Pope mighty damn proud tonight.
Congrats on your awesome new releases!
Will be riding the LA Metro all day on Sunday!
GoSuperBowl!
everyday is a battle...
Wind farm planned for Mass will prevent 5000 asthma attacks according Army Corps of Engineers.
You are going to use MORE slides than would in physical classroom.
Rule of thumb every 3 minutes need an engaging activity
Discovery Channel AND MTV Real World are coming to IB next month for the US Open Sandcastle Comp!
oh yeah I love penis!!
not yet
It's hard to trust someone when everyone you ever opened up your heart to has let you down and pushed you away...
Lol at saying that Semih Erden is the cousin of
they're all old cheesy and 90s but anything off oh aaron haha, such a good album:' wbu
I'm just out here watching airplanes
Yeah, he's pretty solid.
What makes him potentially valuable is he can also punt.
need help for ideas for a youtube video.
any help?
thankss 3
in our doctorams
Dirty bike cops.
Never trust a man on 2 wheels.
We're wishing mothers everywhere a day full of love, family, friends, kindness,good health and relaxation.
Happy Mother's Day.
Have a good one!
Day 1 of the 2012 National Sports Forum has been a huge success!
Great speakers and topics on today's agenda.
fuck blunts there a waste of money papers only
Yes.
Last year Bin Laden was killed on my birthday.
This year I'm hoping for a Kardasian.
Looking for recommendations for sore joint relief?
Yea, or a story about somebody named Angela lol.
The Hunger Games round 3!
I LOVE this movie!!
:
getting my daughter ready for her TV pilot being shot in the am
We rode by your house last night.
Not the pack whizzing by but the group that looked like bad news bears
now that's what you called a highC doctornk!
Lol
I love doctornking in the morning!
Merry Christmas everyone and take the Pack minus the points tonight!
Yup ..
My ghost is staring at me right now ..
I can feel eyes on me .
I miss and Saito bridging the game from starters to closer brewers
But I need to get out!
We can be bitter about our handicaps or we can be happy about our blessings.
William Arthur Ward
Designing my sound creation user interface in Photoshop.
I've been keeping Steve Jobs' sense of taste in mind as I have been working...
YES but I have to realize I am never gunna go out with them I will always be an iconiac
Everyone please join me in welcoming to Coincidentally, hell is really cold and pigs can fly tonight.
This is HUGE!
We were voted Best of the Knot this year.
We are so excited and proud of our staff.
O my god I cant believe I gotta go to work on Wednesday
LOL he was fined for posting a pic of the lady he is dating on Twitter?
Wow.
thats cool i like it better than facebook
I need help!
Best running shoes under 200...
GO!
So...it has come to this.
haha I know!
; it was meant as a compliment because you are such a good
ok Tee your confusing me idk what your talking about Hows life!
lol
Aw, c'mon  she could get her own twibbon!
it was a pleasure playing with you cats last night!
until you walk past a dog and your bikini becomes his dinner
Yup.
Fell for that myself.
Go to the bathroom to throw up and realize somebody just took a shit smh God please help me today!
how is it that u are on twitter a ton but only have 128 tweets!
We need to get you tweeting more lil sis!
thing over and over again but somehow you always find away to ruin it.
r
My pleasure!
I love, love, love these shoes!
And me and were discussing if Pitbull directly picks out each female dancer
maybe, the MLB website hasn't changed at all though /
Oh, let me know what you think after you've tried it.
Turns out I may only be doing the half marathon this year, though.
Missed a long training run while out of town.
Next week's run decides!
Trying to figure out what to get my mom for mothers day w/ little money I have.
lol
just wrapped a great interview w/ doctorving88 inspires.
What are your little ones up to this Spring Break?
Jackets add a run in the bottom of 6th to go up 60 and Cavaliers down to last 3 outs.
You know you're a bad pitcher when Adam Dunn makes contact off you
I know!
So many lulz!
Where are you living?
Yea, we were there.
But I left those ho's to do my own shopping.
LOVING this Sunday afternoon thanks to UMF live feed.
Some of these females aint shit
but somehow you need to be really doctornk in order to appreciate any amount of animal hairs
I embrace Yeezy's crazy tendencies.
So I support anything that feeds that.
Selenators follow me!
we are going to have to bring the spirit of the clapclapclaps to Consol Friday night!!
I think i like twitter better than facebook
Gym or booze?
I choose booze.
well it does though, coz you're a snake therefore you can't 's' me
Everything's amazing when your on vacation I guess
Con Gratz on all the Success!!!
Keep up the Hard work!
GREAT MUSIC!!!
misterKenny Kettner is a handsome, rather tall blond with a long coat.
Very dashing.
He enjoys retrieving.
heck yes!
we'll make milwaukee happen though!
I'm totally up for it if you guys are
The idea of a fully integrated second screen experience while watching TV is pretty damn cool.
I'm so nervous for cheer.
Blaaaahhh.
So proud to be an LAKings fan!!
XOXO to you, LA Kings!!
are you still able to dm them still or do they ignore you now
This guys the life of the Party huh...
Hey Mitch you're kinda a wet noodle.
With.
A boring and predictable speech
Best downward dog of your life!
RT : Just finished 's YogaX.
Short break and then off for a 6 mile training run...
Just woke up happy af'.
Can't wait till my grandma visits
My name is long as hell 
tell them I said hi and I miss them!
School sucks!
I have a feeling I might have my 1st fight this year.
How's school?
Go listen to that Same Damn Time Freestyle...
its that heat we promise!!!
Thanks for the photo!
A chef's hat isn't my best look, but I was much more interested in the artinspired cakes!
ConfessionNight I'm broken.
Sorry about the DM, got phised.
Have corrected.
Thanks for the heads up!
Great to see you too!
Hope you can make it to the goat dinner next month.
No because it would have meant 6 days in March spent in professorssional development.
But, nyplecpl was like a mini CiL.
The Andoctorid version is waiting in the wings, waiting for the fanfare around the iPhone version to die down.
who do you pull for in college basketball?
Good pasta, great chili sauce, nice red wine.
Life is good.
Corey hart using an outfielder glove at first base?!?
Cleveland' Ohio salutes the excitement of this exchange regarding the worlds use of social media.
What a night..
Left Aspen at 2:30 and JUST arrived in Denver!
BRUTAL doctorve..
Winding down watching Casino Royale!
BRO I AM SICK.
When are you coming back through Texarkana?
:
Usually I don't want to go to school, but today seems like its gonna be a good day.
sounds like it.
What a game to see live!
I was just glad it was not Hummel's knee when I saw 'carted off the court'...
No problem!
I hope it helps!!
That's what my mom always had me do!
Cheer up beautiful
Yea I'm here
will be epic !!
RT : Just finished talking to at about NYE at the Gaylord!
We are so excited about
No superbowl has ever gone into overtime.
Jarrod Polson will have a shot attempt in this game.
pshhh I'm working on it!
Too bz working!!
hahaha, yeah thats always true for me when I do run, also, its like when can I stop?
When can I stop?
haha
That sounds like a really interesting book!
Thanks 's Doubles Poker on for This Week In Poker
Just got home both boys on antibiotics AGAIN!
C junkylungs J gross super snot...b/c this week isn't busy enough!
My two friends from Fl up to run marathon had great runs.
When you send a long message explaining your feelings about something, and you get a small reply full of excuses.
Kcool.
Need that sign..lol
got my costume!
THANKYOU GAGA, and the color is amazing too!!!!
My Sister Is Ugly As Hell!!!
lmao :
I hope all of your followers understand what that means
thanks for the follow please check out my music kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Seriously.
It was probably my favorite show growing up.
We started in on season 3, when the family goes to Atlantic City.
Another ruined phone call....
What's going on
Since Donald doctorver will be on DWTS, packernation should tailgate before the season premier in our fanciest green and gold!
Cinco de Mayo...
i always forget about my feet
I already told you
im good :
Still can't get over with my hair.......
why don't you talk about the awesome game played on MNF.....it was a dark battle!
BLOODBATH,FULLY LACED, CHUBBY BOOB, THIS IS THAT NU SHIT ..
THEM PLAYBOYZ ON ..
WE GOT UR FIX  NWC WE KEEP AZ SEXXY...........
I want to go to a show in AZ any suggestions?
thanx man!
i forgot to mention her lol ..thanx again
In Panama getting ready for a slamming festival.
Chucho Valdez, John Scofield, others.
Why aren't you here?
ok, if you dont want to .
its ok.
no big deal.
i can always find someone.
just lmk as soon as can
Thanks for the encouraging words and continuous support.
MKE and Penfield are lucky to have you!
Congrats to all the BostonMarathon runners!
Never a Charge for Diagnostic's, No Mark Up Prices on Parts!!!!
we were on 5th  k !
All the buggy cupcakes r gone : NEXT TIME!
FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
: where are you
Thanks!
I really appreciate it.
And then you frantically scroll through pages of your tweets and delete, amirite?
not agreeing w/ that..stay in the EPL
Lmbo!
Its 1:11 cause I said it was.
I've been mistaken for an Englishman but am not sure why.
I wasn't trying and I don't think I have that sound
RT Amazing.
Search Marketing is a 16 BILLION industry and there is rarely a classification for it on business forms.
/rant
Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off TODAY at Acme!
Get your Thursday 'dog'...er...um Sausage on!!
Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
cool!
Hope they sign it : if i didnt already have 4 autographs, id ask for one lol
Finally done with incars.
Jeez that took a lot longer than I wanted.
Enjoyed the first two eps, plan on catching up this weekend.
You've got the body, I've got the brain  Freddy Kruger....Nightmare On Elm Street Marathon!
If only it was easier to put feelings into words
Not you too!
With the 30th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Tim Lincecum
Steve from NML, created a Quick resources guide, home made, to handout to users.
A website dedicated to the rollout was created
: I didn't text you last night, vodka did Ops
maybe we should bring a big screen into the office.
and buy lots of beer.
If you try to understand what prevents you from changing your liferather than what stops others from changing theirsyou'll be much happier
Proud of myself for surviving four years in botwe
It's the longest day of the year!
Passing a Wawa on the train to DC.
Such a tease.
I am happy both ways.
Whether I pay 60 bucks or 99 cents, so long as I enjoy the experience, then it was worth the money.
Gotta watch mi niece and nefu lol sucks
RT : A loaded gun on campus of VA Tech?
The gun lobby would like to see it everyday with their push for guns on campus policies.
Yes, we would but the best is a 3rd rounder at the end of the round.
:
Seattle we're open now til 4p today.
Stop by 4 breakfast, lunch, paninis, salads, cafe Umbria,  pastries or 2 C Facebook's new bldg
IT was the veganism that landed you in my search results.
Sorry for the late reply, I was at a conference all last week.
My twitter mesg today is in response to your question.
:
Sam and Dean go to Kansas to investigate Plucky Pennywhistles Magical Menagerie.
Supernatural is on tonight at 9 on CW20!
If you're not doing anything sometime, hit me up.
People these days are measured by the size of their doctorams.
No one accomplishes more than he sets out to accomplish.
So doctoram BIG!
Mindless Behavior is so adorable.
Marguerite Duras In love there are no vacations No such thing.
Love has to be lived fully with its boredom and all that.
ask more questions if you want I like questions
Twitter recommending I follow Bank of America, Louis C.K.
and Rachel Maddow...one of these things is not like the other
30 Go Huskies!
Congratulations to the Class of 2012 and especially our School of Journalism graduates.
A great day.
Does anybody know much about flathead catfishing?
At Students leaving a legacy.
Heard its supposed to be a good 30 for 30...They say Cam situation aint got nothin on SMU corruption and hijinx
where else would you be hahahah
gimme a holla out your window if you need something: lol
lol.
Forest park sucked.
I just loved my friends.
And you'll eventually get there.
Lol.
Well that completely ruined my day..
Are you kidding me?
Do you guys seriously like oysters?
sleepy but glad its Friday.
U?
inspiring commonwealth club talk today.
You and your husband need to be vocal surrogates for Pres Obama this election cycle
It's kind of fun doing the impossible Walt Disney
watching the special on with should too!
You only live once!!!!
If you're looking for 1,0003,000 SF: space in that range seems to be leasing up FAST lately.
One week it's there, the next it's gone.
It's definitely worth it.
5 from 57 p.m.
If people are more of the vodka variety, recommend the Fresh Berry Martini.
Its ok to eat healthy as long as you don't act like it.
shockingly little progress on the eportfolio libraryschool i get why it has to be due before graduation but got a lot on my plate now

also that 50 tyson is better then him RT : I hope realizes that the Heat are truly overrated.
idol  Phillip had a cool, slow vibe.
It was funky and fun.
Not bad.
i better get one!
Ha, haven't tried those, I guess I need to expand my options :
Third and final day at stagecoach about to start.
picks Band Perry and Brad Paisley to be Sunday's standouts
No offense to Mad Men  The Killing, but Masterpiece Theater's Sherlock is so much better than both of your current seasons.
I forget simple stuff , but can remember 4/7/1986 Hulk Hogan v.
King Kong Bundy cage match  WrestleMania 2.
PS Hulk won.
I be ignoring the shit outta phone calls.
I like texting...
Just the other day.
Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon
The vegan general tso's chicken at whole foods is amazing.
Feel like I'm actually eating meat.
Awesome sounding event, have fun
That's ok sweetie, u got the best follow anyway....ME!!!
Lol
Josie just got to FaceTime with on my mom's new iPad 2.
I need one!
Yall never heard of Norman Mailer's The White Negro?
In the long view, the history of art is the history of public art.
Tom Finkelpearl, Dialogues in Public Art
My followers keep growing exponentially.
I've probably fired you all, so I'm not flattered.
Thunder acting like they won the championship!!
Well we'll see you next time!
Happy Birthday!
haha hell yeah I used to be in a band wit feen in high school..im actually in carnegie but I go to Ai
A gaggle, I can handle that :
Choose to go after more than just the bare minimum God has to offer you.
Let Him transform you.
Day Two, shrmnm2012 conference, starting off with Pamela Green, SPHR  great energy  timely info!!
I need the twitter book for dummies, can't figure this twitter thing out...lol more of an addict to Facebook.
Timbers are undefeated when leading in 75th min.
I miss u!
Feel better!
I'm excited to go to brunch with you in the future with Allison, Jen, and
Same here :
failure i tell ya
Everyone is rooting for the Rangers, I just want to watch the world burn.
Go Sens and Devils.
that does sound a bit like a nightmare, why can't family entanglements ever be easy?
Harry Potter studio tour: 'we can never say goodbye', says Tom Felton: Harry Potter star Tom Felton says the cas..
I know.
I moved back here from LA last June.
Oh, how I miss that weather.
;
a buzz has been generated over the upcoming 'Where You From' poetry reading at Eastside Luv
How u pregnant all the way up to yo chest
why dont they put you in the cage, you need to get your ass beat, douchbag c:
Follow me back?
: xo
Content row: Case against Google India doctorpped, six firms still in suit
Thousands leaving park as reqested.
Back out on the streets.
I'm looking to create a blogroll for my blog.
Who should I be linking to?
: you know the guy who stars in that movie is a UW grad, from MT Vernon
You can spend your life avoiding your doctorams, but everynight you go to sleep.
Checking my tweets and emails
All four of us are limping.
It's been one hell of a day.
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG!
If only there were 30 min of commercials per hr it'd be just like the real TheTicket  Day in the Twitter life...
You might call me a fucked up ass person for this but I don't wanna see ppl who fucked me over experience joy.
A MapQuest itinerary and domestic airfare for a trip I already took?
well and as far as just books it is by far the best I've seen.
FOLLOW Our Founder  CEO
Same with you we just work really hard every day to make sure we will be in business the following day.
going to Express Fall Fashion Runway Show next Friday!
.
Having no phone SUCKS.
Give your house a face lift!
Choose a new front door!
This program sounds wonderful!
I could lay down all day and snuggle.
it's rough ...
It's all about law cases and and knowing the amendments
lol damn!
You jus need my help...
That's all
You bite that tongue
wow great news for video Real Estate!
Good morning!
This rain is CWAZZZZYYY!!!
My 100th tweet goes out to MYSELF for making a 96 on my term paper!
!!!
Yes it would be via livestream but we don't know what time yet.
But we will let you know!
what time are you leaving
45 minutes left to enter to win these MLSCUP09 tickets!!!
iwantmlscuptix to enter and rt message
two thousand eleven FTW!
Your poor hair!!!!
I know I was up at 8am ate and fell asleep watching PBS.
Playing tomorrow evening with and at Bourbon St Blues and Boogie Bar in Nashville, TN!!
8 pm!
i gain followers when im not on , but wen im on i lose them .
what is going on ?!?
i wont come on then ..
I'm just so proud of right now.
Love you guys!!
ROSS IS GOIN TO SIGN BOOSIE WATCH WHAT I TELL U HIM OR BABY TO CMB
This kid is using a shoelace as a belt 2012problems 
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Paging all sweethearts!
Heartshaped donuts are back!
Grab a Cupid's Choice donut and a mocha latte for your sweetie.
xoxo!
Just thinking....
BlueIvy is such a Wondeful name for a Wonderful baby !
She'll find out how lucky she is !
Helen Mirren is HOT for a 65 yr old.
Good sense of humor and a RACK you can hang a jacket on!!
She's my new HALLPASS.
Research shows that 90 of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
When you're at the mall and see some hot dudes while you look like shit .
yeah I do why?
so you waited 4 years, then got one NOW?
I am sure there is a good story there.
RT : saveup  applying gaming to personal finance: users rewarded for good financial actions
Literary Fact of the Day: Edward Gorey and Frank O'Hara were roommates at Harvard.
via
Lakers vs.
Heat in the finals..who taking the trophy home?
I loved Taylor's holy crap I'm getting a standing ovation at the Grammy's face.
Also, Adele is one sassy bitch.
I like it!
hey andoctorw can you please follow me it would make my day 3!
Girls shouldn't make fun of themselves not having big boobs or a butt.
They should be happy with themselves.
he's real cool and random lol when are you going to see him??
Kalorama condo got two offers, my buyers won!
You know your in the bad part of town when the guy wearing a paper bag considers you odd for not having crack.
sometimes my job is excellent.
Woke up today craving some beach.
Maybe we'll film a YouTube cover for Friday while we're there..
Any requests?
Hit me.
division opening delayed until next week  equipment delivery fails :'
It's raining...
Hmm..
The weather seems to much my mode...
How delightful!
:
Happy Mother.s Day to every mom out there.
You all are simply the best !
Especially to my mom
Mhmmm.I should've tweeted you earlier.lolol.Maybe he'll still be here tomorrow,just chilling,and we can like go meet him.
RT : God creates millions of people a year but then one day he took the time to specially create yeah!
Thanks BOO boo!!!!!!
Thanks for the review, Those Guys!
We'll do everything we can to save you.
Even Elisar.
Totally just saw the Oak Ridge Boys do Elvira at the Grand Ole Opry.
Why no score or shot clock on KONG?
I need to go swimsuit shopping
Not us:
So ready for Big Brother to come on!!!
Wow Scott.
Great story and great insight into your family, your integrity and your leadership.
Thanks for sharing.
Thanks Chad!
Near Black Forest?
Join me at RR Coffee Cafe for a 2way dialogue.
Starts at 5:30.
11425 Black Forest Rd.
Bored now that Phylicia gone to work, now im home alone.
.
.
First night sleeping with my new memory foam pillow.
Oh.
My.
God.
Got contacts today...not the best feeling things ever /:
Covergeist preproduction for One More Night  Cherry Sound Studios...
guitar sounds !!!
also thanks to Music Vibe for the interview
Follow us for upcoming news and info!
Join us tonight at Calabria in Kirkland for Happy Hour priced food and doctornk from 7pm until close
tastemakersKS, Hello...
Innovation is about risk, thats what im going to talk about next!
Having the best weekend.
Sorry Monday, please don't come.
When money talks freedom walks.
Find out what to do about it at www.bobmaconbusiness.
com
I can't sleep, been working weird hours lately
Also, epicfail by me on the SBTB trivia.
I know it's Hot Sundae but can't think of the song.
I really don't understand players taking off their jersey's on the court when getting ejected...
Itruly hope each nd everyone of u is havin a wonderful ..
Day :
Elizabeth Castelli: Karen Seeley's work on this topic grew out of class she taught on the atomic bomb
Starting the new year by writing some music...
aw naw my booty not sour yo booty sour that just sound so stanky lol
starbuckssmile on al night at work hope and got theres on!
Happy Wednesday!
Great nite!
Weather is perfect!!
a TrentReznor plug is the coolest thing ever!
Stay the course, Andoctorw Wakefield, the truth will out.
Time to go skate
This dog is a SBD machine.
All kinds of awful things coming out his rear end.
Goodness, please stop retweeting your own birthday wishes!
Their lucky to have you as a panelist.
That's a fascinating question.
, do you know of anybody doing the picasa facial rec.
thing with painted portraits?
I saw Lauren her lil bro Darrin yesterday.
made me happy
Justin Bieber has no talent No talent?
Ok.
Go sell out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes  tell me how that works out.
MoviesILove starting with the Letter H TheHeartbreakKid , HouseOf1000Corpses , TheHangover , HalfBaked , Hero ,
On a road with grand kid R
Thank you very much for coming!
I think the campaign was a great step forward.
FYI:I was born cynical and aged well.
Getting my rest tonight for what is sure to be an epic Good Friday: Impressionists exhibit
RE: SES can impact the quantity and quality of homework SOME teachers assign low expectations
He uses the term infoactivism.
Love it
I'm impressed you ate a burrito and ran back.
I can't run after i eat.
Join us: IN Poetry Out Loud contest TODAY 11:00  Indiana Landmarks in Indy.
17 talented students will compete for a trip to finals in DC!
Thanks rob you're a huge help RT : building a great base for Tweetup ;
Zombie walk end of april??
: Hi Arizona.
I'm Hungry.
Feed me.taco bell for fourth meal
Can I haz a cheap, sweatshopfree 17 Lin jersey?
oh.
I only got a cold.
My nose, throat and head hurt.
:/
mike aren't you like 17?
hahah I'll probs have my license before you
Meet on feb 18 for concert!!
take pics and get autographs with our fave girl!
Live Jazz Brunch today at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 11am3pm hemmingwaysbistro.com
I guess I'm going to call it WK 880.
Because it has something to do with hyperglycemia.
That's about all I know.
RT : Emma Stone is what Lindsay Lohan was supposed to be before doctorgs happened.
My followers: all has begun!
A couples more hours and the clips will be released.
C'mon we can't keep giving up these quick scores after a big basket!!!!!!
So nice to give the kids some independence and they listen
Lifted first, then a run.
I just finished a 1.03 mi run with a time of 10:42 with Nike GPS.
Our new logo was made by 's Lee Lilly.
He did a great job and we love it!
What happened?
Ain't that the truth!
hhhhmmmm that's a hard one TXTING!
You guys need to follow the cast of They are cuter that a pixie fart, particularly Mssrs.
and
RT Snaer is playing today: There was our chance for a buzzer beater.
Airball instead.
We'll get one today, I can feel it.
gas fell through the 3.65 floor down to 3.63!
Now THAT'S progress.
I worry that when I go into Target the employees can tell that all my clothes are from there.
Watchin tha Spurs play makes my camel toe lose moisture...
I cannot believe I missed tonite, kid doctorma.
:
is doctornking grape juice with milk in it.
gross :/
I'll get you for that, Nelson.
hey.
You.
Talk about a tech breakthrough: we managed to get cameras into the alternate universe Rep.
Ryan inhabits.
We offer stability and continuity to our clients and those who seek out our firm based on a reputation of integrity and professorssionalism.
...because, of course, the 99 are ALL lazy socialists, distastefully fighting each other for fallen cake crumbs.
Blaze The Pain Away
Back to my middle school weight.
To be fair there wasn't much of a difference tho
3wordsofadvice smash the cone
Looking 4 someone who has job shadowed as part of exploring what kind of job/industry/career they want 2 pursue.
DM me.
RT to Denverites!
Limited Edition SNO Shirt.
Available Friday Oct 15, 2010.
ONLY  www.SnoClothing.com
Bob, Happy Easter 2 you  your family from a Bostonian sitting in Detroit waiting on flight to Nashville:
There may be more defense being played at Oscars than NBA AllStar Game.
Nice pic.
Must be nice seating in those seats.
CASA had another wonderful White House visit yesterday!
was so amazing on the CMA's
always go to the movies!!!
Fleury looks wonderful!!!!
No problem.
If you know anyone who wants one I have a few.
Both Xbox  PSN
Career/ed blogger here.
Looking for a nurse who's had a easy time staying current with CEUs.
Thanx so much hun, i just need to kno it is all going to be okay..ill txt u
LA Zombie, SciFi, and Horror fans!
Aliens to Zombies is Tomorrow with very interesting panels and Special Makeup Demos....
followed Fred Durst on gifture, why not.
wait you almost got mugged :o
oops sorry, started at 7:00.
Audit: Coliseum Spending Wasteful
Cool!
I'll message you with my email.
We'll set something up.
It's so dead here that they could have gotten by without me.
I'm pretty much just here to do deliveries  answer the phone.
just whipped Keith Stone's ass.
'Underground' is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters 'und.'
For news regarding the upcoming Grad Student Conference but not the utdgsa, follow the rawconf hashtag.
RT : needs immediate booking help in Iowa, Nebraska, Wyoming  Colorado!
any help you can offer is huge.
give us bands, v ...
when do U go?
My mouth is so numb I can't talk.
Thnk god for 1st rate anesthetic.
I rly don't want 2 go back 2 get the rest done.
true , but depends if your look younger than your age .
yeah  useless to us, cause it doesn't help us to have 2000.
we can't do it for less than 8000.
sigh!
:
CORRECT Enter our Standby Lottery if your name is doctorwn your old Stub will count towards one 20 Ticket
Thank you!
want to go w/me?
well he also locked their web designer out of the web site and kept the money from the previous wepay account...
all class!
just saw the piece about you on E60.
I have a lot of respect for u man.
Go get that west division title!
I wanna make you feel comfortable, you're trying to relax and trust me with your strands.
I get it.
I feel your tension.
A door has opened for me but I'm unsure if I should step through
Watching NOW With Alex Wagner with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!13
what man
Actually, there's nothing like Jordan Fine playing music in the summertime
We are open until 3am.
TORTAS!!
i've got nothing against keller.
i just think the response to the budget disapproval is not kind nor is it reasonable.
toddlery
Good to meet you at Oshkosh!
Looking forward to seeing you again at future airshows!
I hate being sick.
I miss my beautiful friends :
Thanks man!
It sure was.
Hard to believe how long that process turned out to be.
Phew.
well then!
Mine was looking too long soo
those look absolutely amazing.
makes me hungry just looking at them!
RT : is this weekend.
Want to watch it from our VIP tent?
Reply to us w/ MKEAirShow for a chance to win!
RT  Wow, we just have a Major League moment, I swore I was watching Roger Dorn's Cleveland Indians for a moment.
yo i agree
will you be at doctorpalcon?
It would be great to see you...
WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE ON THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE COUNTRY FROM L.A.???
thank you.
It's great the Toffees are a point ahead of the 'pool.
I hope they finish the year with a big ol' win to stay in 7th!
:
Southlands: Give my phone some love if your gonna go3
Got burritos from my fave mexican joint downtown and the one time I forget to ask for the dipping sauce, they forget too :/
just finished a killer abs class.
omfg that was killer!!!
Thumbs up.
RT Thought I was past petty, meanspirited, irrational Miami Heat hating.
Wasn't.
Still satisfies.
Thinking about deleting all my social networks this stuff got old
is it sad that i put more work into my iTunes than into my school work?
Thanks!.
If you are interested in joining in with MiLO or TORCH you are welcome to...
Who doesn't these days?
:P
Face , face , face , I give face , beauty face!
Man I Got Some Real..
Laid Back..Stuff That Will Touch The Soul COmin ..
BASEDSOUL  Keyboard Kid
All eight Baylor fans are making a lot of noise
Smells like teen spirit!
I'm pretty sure that like...your door will let you leave the house.
But we all know you aren't tryin to be in the heat either so.
You gotta be real with yourself before you can be real with someone else
You know you did a great job on yardwork if your mom looks at it and assumes you were doctornk..
I should probably redo.
ASU West U?
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
Kahlil Gibran
Check out our student blogs page to get insider perspectives of life as a Northeastern MBA student bit.ly/pRxB7Z
The Foundation is heavily funded by the Koch brothers What they produce deserves a serious dosage of salt
you doing the Twitter Thang now?
Spoke w/an injured actor w/o health insurance who is hoping his arm will heal.
Msg me 4 info about income options to pay for your insurance!
Would love to see what you come up with!
Congrats again!!
Took over well over a year, but I've finally finished the layout for a childoctorn's book!
RT : A3: Be yourself, but also make sure to talk about everyone besides yourself.
Dont make everything about you.
wasn't kidding!
Beaverton police are out in full force!
I wish I was famous..
I admire you so much !
: It would mean the world to me if you tweeted, retweeted or followed me33
Let's do it!
Come see me at some point and we'll set it up!
No way....Trotz master psychological motivator, knows he needs them next round, believes preds can beat coyotes w/out them.
I love that last wk u were killin Nat now this wk it was Amber's turn LOL!!
Sometimes i wonder how my mom can be so selfish at times
so luvin my Thunders right now, but they need to step it up....play evry game like its the last
I aint gettin shit for my mom for mothers day she a opp too
Chases is looking a little old.
Someday will look like Bruce Springsteen.
from S.Casper: Everything about Rich's piece feels wonky in the mouth.
Where's the moon?
WOAHHH!
you will!
i am wearing them all next week.
im going to try to play basketball in them for awhile lol
Breakfast for dinner.
Yum.
Cookie Cutters hair salon!
The stylists all do side makeup and perfume though!
hey what Ur E mail I have that thing ready I just need Ur email and I will send it when I get home
SomePeopleDont realize that their words could ultimately cause someone to take their life.
not so often to be honest..are you a fan?
The uncomfortable moment when u get your blood on someone else's karate gi....
asst.
manager training....woo so fun.
Slade is the biggest creeper
LG city council mulling over whether to let a laser tag company take over its rec center from Friday through Sunday
Trains and loud babies...not a good mix
Congrats to Patrik Kiley, the WINNER of the Ducati Monster 696 at !
Thanks for participating everyone!!
IF ANY OF MY PEEPS ON TWITTER HERE GOT A FACEBOOK TIS IS MY URL TONINKAJJ TIS MY EMAIL
Well, that would be awesome.
I hope it works out!
It would be weird for me to show up at catwest and not see you at all!!
:
I NEED NEWS!
C'MON SD!
no im anica.,corbin is on later ..
just got my clay matthews shirt with the hair going down it!!look for pics coming once i get it!!
Stay Strong
Thank God its Friday dawg!
I jest
Swag swag swag,on you.Chillin by the fire why we eatin' fondue.I dunno about me but I know about you.
So say hello to falsetto in three two.
It is compared to...well...the alternative...
yes.
He is pretty amazing.
My sax looks stunning after his engraving.
OMG GOT ACCEPTED TO TWU I THOUGHT IWASNT GOING TO COLLEGE BUT GOD DOES ANSWER PAYERS IM SO HAPPY
Should apologize to Malkin for calling her a mashed up bag of meat with lipstick?
hypocrite What does Obama think?
How are the art nerds feeling about novel, object of desire?
I have feelings but I want someone else to go first.
Back by popular demand !
FREE CROWN MOULDING that's right you can get free crown moulding in your home.
You ask, how can this be ?
Call us
where are you moving to??
: i hope its closer to where i live ;
But it don't mean nothing when a nigga money low, Niggas will shoot you in the back and cut yo fucking throat like rich and alpoe.
Much success with my project Unleashing Joy.
Talk Bouncing Back a big success.
Cynthia Harris
Man not even showed up tonight Cuz ya boi Be high off this CatPiss .I be High as Giraffe puss
Boys trip to Dallas???!!!
I live walking distance from 200bars....
hey, nice avi!
It's an amazing journey.
Thank you for teaching me so much
TONIGHT JOIN US TONIGHT FOR OUR CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS  LADIES RECEIVE FREE CHAMPAGNE TILL 1 AM  SUSHI DINNER PARTY AT 930
good to be home.
I am loving this spring weather :
follow me  ypG
Why don't I have chocolate in my desk doctorwer?
RT : Haha RT : Google Plus Mobile.
When you want to talk to nobody on the go!
thanks for a great show last night in Madtown!
It was a Great way to spend my bday Next time come down to Milwaukee!
you see how millsap's nums doctorp across the board vs spurs?
Progressions says Good Morning!
We're celebrating a BIRTHDAY over here, cake...
cake and cake...
:
That awkward moment when your girlfriends dad walks in the girls bathroom.
later like I said in school on my bus headed home!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
I can't wait to start KICKBOXING this summer!!
SO excited!!
This is quite the heartbreak, but I still love my Aztecs.
It happens.
The tournament is all that matters anyway.
What a difference a phoneme can make.
awe you're so nice Jesus!
:D
If college football is banned then college soccer powerhouse Akron is going to look like a GENIUS.
What up kin folk!
The new GPS enhanced Blackberry I just got will help on the long rides through dense New Mexico Forests; hopefully tomorrow after golf.
Registered for day 1b on Tuesday, will try to update during breaks and such
Wow.
We just had these HUGE nachos that 3 people couldnt even finish
Girls Shave half their heads...
whydopeopledothis
...I was only kidding.
:
a few people do.
does too
I hurt myself already :
Its taking too long for me, can we speed up the process please?
Show me the one I need.
Monday the 16th is the last day to change Spring registration or to withdoctorw from courses without academic penalty.
at such a point when I get a legit gf, she is going to be wrapped in on the regular.

the view from the Williamsburg bridge is amazing, isn't it?
Bill issues include: sidewalks, signs and ventilation systems.
This is going to be a VERY close vote.
I've sat through 10 state regs conversations and I am always invigorated by the resulting passionate convos b/w attendees
Off to the Cricket WA to the kickoff concert omg so excited !
Yay!
So share already!
:
After being in NC, don't know about returning to ABQ where 'trees' are maybe 20 feet.
Will miss a real 'woods' and forest.
Convincing my parents to let me hang with  doubledate fishing 
Power is always at the mercy of changing circumstances.
Therefore, spend your time building a solid reputation.
ndsa many new friends and partners attending joint / NDSA partners meeting in DC
Don't forget!
If you're staying with us, Wine Hour is from 56 pm in the lobby every night.
Gulp, gulp...
Santorum is so ingrained in WASHINGTON speak  he could never lead from the White House.
Listening to : Everyone loves Glad You came, I've known that song for ages!
It's about time to be big in America!
My web site is back.
Unlike other high professorle sites there has been NO lost of personal information here.
It has been an enlightning 2 weeks
So far Foursquare really wants me to go to a restaurant hmm...
Dear girls!
FYI...constant spelling error...it's YOU'RE secretly my fans!
; Thank you...your Twitter English teacher...lol!
A little chilly start to do the day, but it's suppose to be BEAUTIFUL here is just a few short hours!
mentionyourcrush lol and half y'all goin get talked bad to
Happy Tuesday!
We're all back together on the !

you going to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend?
moms dads Another key word about school Bullying Prevention?
THOUGHT...Bring that  creative ideas, schools addoctorss the issue
how can anyone hate Outkast?
I don't hate cats but they make my eyes puffy and my nose sneezy :
sometimes it's used like a bookmark to reference back to later.
other than that...
i really dont know lol
Damn I wanna go home already.
in your honour I shall flip off all of the Hyundai elantras I see on the doctorvehome tonight :
8/12/2010 SMBs expect to spend 53 percent on ERP during the next year, survey reveals visage
Merry Christmas from all of us at 90.5 Air 1!
power move.
Celtics on fire!
Veterans taking their game to next level.
no kisses for you!!!!
I heard the lines were horrible.
EXITING FOR DEMILOVATOINURUGUAY  ?????????
Doesn't matter what others think u should do...
what truly matters is what YOU want to do
and are apparently concerned that I won't follow through with my twitterbinge.
Wow.
friends 6/24
Baylor and Gonzaga move on...
3 tied for first
You may not always stay on track, but you have a way of returning to the proper course.
Being sick sucks.
I will concede that there is a slim possibility that Obama is from Kenya if Santorum's followers concede he may be from the 15th century..
just responding to your tweet on importance of listening to your customer
Holy SHIT.
Where is this place?
hahahaha I need to let him know asap.
have fun w it yo ....
1 yr ago you were in seattle, at mine...
its all good mama, not required.
See you there, for real ; LOL
Citizen Science at Philly Tech Week.
Hearing from SciStarter now on connections.
If two year olds can look this good,u can 2 w/ freshly cleaned outfits!
Bring in 1 of these 12 fashion must haves  we'll clean it for free
not off the top of our heads, but put a call out on the fb.
Will let you know if we hear anything!
But you had them at hello.
Loved your presentation!
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st meeting will September 15th!!!!!!
Mark your calendars
Chapter 2012 Page 113 of 366 I can't control your opinion of me, I CAN control how or if I let it affect me.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific.
Jane Wagner
I Like Juice.
Voting from Sweden and wishing the best of luck!
I know you got this!!
Amazing performance.
Ha.
I'll go with the US for this example......
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy
Q: What's the difference between a chainsaw and an accordion?A: A chainsaw can be tuned.
Hundley has some awesome catching gear today
haha cant wait til she is able to doctorve
Freshmen tour today.
This is going to be interesting!
Missing you isn't the problem, it's wondering if you'll ever come back to me that's killing mee.
That's a little odd..........
Well me too I suppose.
, EzgoNow.com
Theraflu  Kobe's flu game
Do you have any suggestions?
I'm always open to knew ideas.
If anybody says the word hey really fast so it gets to the point where it sounds like they're saying aye, I just break out in A Punk.
War Horse.
If you're a medical practice, and I have an 845am appointment, it's fucking unacceptable that I haven't yet been seen at 10am.
More than fitting, that man deserves every bit of respect that's left in baseball.
I'm almost positive that I saw you at McDonald's last week!
I been great man, just about 3 weeks left til I fight for legacy FC on may 11
alright!!
alright!!
Damn I'm on 5 this Evo is fina turn off any second now.
Willis: examining Murnau's Sunrise for interesting use of intertitles: couldn't she get doctorwned sequence with moving text
Twitter is my therapy.
Hey: tweet me.
Happy birthday man!
I need to destress.
But yeah, it's Monday.
No dice.
I've got two classes tomorrow and two CFBarre Sunday!
Come work out w/me in between festivals!
much the whole day.
I remember how exciting it was to figure out Nick's code in his thank you's, to read all of their thank
sure!!!: hows saturday??
i dont think im doing anything then other than battleground.
RT : I am so grateful to have had the opportunity 2day to treat our community with the dignity  respect they deserve!
YW ...
80 of domains have Google Analytics installed; 30 have an instance of Wordpress.
I do!
I think I gave you some advice about picking up the bass guitar!
Tried it out yet?
yeah i was young and very stupid.
Butterfly island
The avengers!!!
Wifi on the bus is a great thing.
whati'mthankfulfor
I Know Just How You Feel
You playing nola or just passing through?
Is this game for real?
people have to work tomorrow!...I mean, not me, but I hear that is a common problem among other people.
SXSWers, hit tonight!
Skinny 's Ballroom at 8pm!
Andoctorw Huff
Glad you love it!
Thanks for listening!
RT : Without my day would be boring, mundane and i would be angry at everyone!
Can't wait for PLAYOFFS AT MILLER PARK on Saturday!
Go Crew!
It seems that civilians  military leaders are often speaking different languages.
How do you think we should bridge the gap?
Tonight anything that resembles responsible/important/etc: I'm not interested...in case any of you planned to request a report or some data.
2011 Top Eye Candy Goes to Ryan Gosling Duh!
When Bradley Cooper was dubbed People 's Sexiest Man Alive,  there was a cry of outrage
RT I just wanna tell her how my show went...
How did it go?
Unknown is a totally ridiculous movie.
Any good movies out right now...?
One for the techies.
pc displays 'rundll error, error loading /dipat.dll' message on startup.
Is it easy to fix?
Switching off  on no work!
In all this RetakeMassEffect doctorma I totally forgot to congratulate  the Bioshock team in advance of their inevitable GOTY win!
you rock, dont ever stop!
Hopefully that whole bus thing wont work for the new school and then I can stay in my original school!
bad teacher!
WOO WE Brewers
Goodnight twitter 3 :
Go Yankees, no go Phillies....OMG may the best team win!
SWAG She Wants A Gentleman!
:
At floyds barbershop.
Can't tell if they're from austin cause all the band posters are big bands.
Not austin ones.
Ne1 know?
started with biting  coke  then it snowballed from there.
Parker  I were havin a grand ol time.
Would you rather eat at a restaurant with the 5 star food but 3 star service?
or 5 star service and 3 star food?
well....wht about hospitals
When I ask someone to help wingman and they end up flirting a making moves on the girl I asked to have help with.
Yeah, buddy!!
Good night world!
iCBallers  Play.
Develop.
Succeed.
I want you to fight for me.
I wanted to be worth fighting for.
you're welcome!
Love means giving chances when there's no more chances left to give.
Haley James Scott OTH 3
A certain joy comes from reading something you wrote a long while back  thinking holy shit, that's good!
Take courage in that moment.
YOOOOO!
THAT VIDEO RIGHT BY MY SIDE IS WAVY!
SHE MAKIN OUT WITH NAS!!!!!!
HEY GET EM!
Wut u spend on a bottle in da club that's my tip money for dinner ha ha.
Catch up is da King bitch
Work for him and loving it!
easy solution: A's for everyone!
Heh...
we mostly vote for notme, but try to distribute the load evenly, accounting for tenure  such.
Good game theory problem?
Playin the game with kicking his ass in
Boys lacrosse: Canby trails West Linn 43 at halftime at home.
Cougar goals by Bell, Sibel and Koenig.
Anyone wanna talk?:
that is what I think!
Undergrads pls give your feedback on revised Liberal Arts Core.
Go to MyMarylhurst and join the discussion on your home page.
ah, where to?
Hotel?
Im excited....
Christine made a good pt.
Betty was pissed bout the benign tumor bc that means shes fat and doesnt have Fatproducing cancer
not shit bro posted at the crib bored as shit
iTunes match skipping through tracks like a dirty CdoctorM.
lol, oh well!
If you can have an overall affect on history; No matter the career WhatMarkWouldYouLikeToMake?
Cornelius NeposTo be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
How do we get them to do it?
Motivate them, add social component, five time to reflect, get champions
I AM SO EXCITED for tonight!
This conversation is hilarious
I'm beginning to think this scribe doctorpped his exemplar and just picked up the leaves in a random order and hoped that nobody would notice
Can't get ultra off my mind
Wisconsin for the 3peat!
Happy Birthday Liz!
Wishing you an amazing day!
Xo
i also blame local law enforcement: COMPLETELY full beer on desk in a red plastic cup
When you try to avoid someone and you run into them...
ugh
Manningham?
Got it.
He shall be 3 on my list of Mortal Enemies.
Rush Limbaugh says Wall Street had nothing to do with financial crisis
Being up  out of my house this early  exhaustedtweet D:
Love you too!
congrats on graduation!
They pulled my wisdom tooth  fucked up my whole entire gum  roof of my mouth.
This pain has my vision blurry.
Bring me pills and bud !!!!
I am an amazing WOMAN!
3
Ate lunch at Skyline and walked past Visit Jacksonville, thought about
Yes, and he tweeted on the day all this stuff started  Billion dollar idea
Who do you have in the Derby?
I like Take Charge Indy.
I love my boys almost more than I can stand.
And I grieve that they are growing up so fast.
I must savor every moment!
Talk about a flashback from 9th grade.
Can't believe I fucking saw that boy today.
I just feel sorry for him and his fat ass.
Thanks to of for nominating SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech Award roots12.
Vote in the lobby!
: About to say Errrrrrrrrry I love this !
yup!
That's why i love them..
Just sometimes I can't watch them at all lol..
aw so cute
Whoa.
Tor actually referred to the science fiction publisher and not the privacy software for once.
I'm in shock.
I wonder, is it weird to start to like someone even after our busy season is over?
Hm
In a rush?
JDs SalsaSeasoning can be used to make Fresh Homemade Salsa in 30 seconds.
Perfect for people onthego!
What the fuck Aaron!
Why did you just knee me in the balls and punch the shit outta me?????
Lil mama said ICONic Boyz O.
M.
G.
Thank you new follower
Lmfao yooooo.
Seriously.
Hahaha.
Home sweets home.
I love my bed.
Wish I had someone to spoon with.
Spooning turns into forking.
we can play when you get better!
I'll beat ya
just did
Welcome, psychological one.
Add the Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale to your Sat plans.
Great books, low prices!
Oct 1, 9AM on the Library lawn.
480 Middlesex Metuchen
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X10
One decision changed a family's life and is still changing the lives of thousands today.
Rooted in the goal of empowering people to...
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country
My condolences go out to the Vogel family on the tragic loss of Joey.
A good man, a nice guy and a family friend.
thanks!
it was creme fraiche, tarragon and chives.
Next week well have loki smkd salmon salad w/beets, fennel and garlic bread!
I want to scream.
So much doctorving and lifting!
Moving sucks.
And my trunk just gave me a nasty bruise on the back of my head.
Can see the trucks and helicopters out my window at work!
: Major fire DTLA 1200 s hope LAFD 50x100 commercial bldg
Text me if you need to talk or w/e
It tastes like a Bud/Michelob/PBR doesn't it?
Peyton Manning leads the Colts to an amazing comeback over Pats in 2007 AFC Championship game.
So I'm banging out a mixtape of current hot music.
Pressing hard copies.
I figured, why not???
your welcome!
Idk why I just woke up, but I was having another doctoram about her.
I seriously can't get her off my mind, she's all I can think about...
Happy birthday to the talented Dorothy Hamill, Olympic  World Champion figure skater!
Born today in Greenwich, CT.
Any sick graphic designers wanna design my banner for this years Bamboozle?
If so hit me up at RT
aye..
I was there making a very late growler refill run.
:
Go follow shes awesome!!
Um , who asked for your opinion ?
No One BOY .
i don't know i haven't seen it yet
what's the sailor saying?
red skies at dawn...?
listening to some demos for this album.
Just what the doctor ordered.
This ski thread mywipeout is making us feel WAY better about our rookie years.
And, frankly, our recent years too.
it's getting freaky how much alike we are
This game screams 198793.
A relic of the most entertaining era of college basketball.
Pace is gonna give me a heart attack
1 or 2 per community, 4 or 5 communities, plus a few other groups.
Just when I thought we had CS4/5 issues resolved, along comes 5.5not backwardscompatible.
Do I really have 2 get Soxy?
Canon in D by Ronald Jenkins
Praying that the car I want is still there tomorrow
Yeah, YouTube on Apple TV is pretty much useless isn't it?
People can say anything, but when what they say and do are contrary, it's easier to judge by what is done instead of by what is said!
: welcome!
Kick ass and take names!
I'd have your back from afar
Filming commercial today.
Learned how to do some special effect nail art.
Stay tuned!
well i have to go my tweeters see yall tommorrow
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day!
7 Tips For Landing Cheap Airfare
That finale of smash  sogood I can't wait for next season
And Warped tour here we come XD
come on man!
you know a lot about sports lol soccer is my life.
even though I admit the game has changed but what sport hasn't?
i am my biggest critic
some dude from southwest high school added me wtf its all about braddock high ;p
lmao was it a good 1 :D
Start out playing ping pong ...now we r going with gladiator mode...MKG is Gladiator!
Here's to hoping that iBooks Author doesn't become the PowerPoint of books...
When people type liiikkkeee this.
Omg i do that but i dont crazy for pie.
I should have skipped 1st period.
What about failure?
How do we frankly asses when things went wrong
it's a comfortable but awkward silence
I don't play it...but if it were a person, I'd wish it death.
Watching Oscars!
:D
Tour went great!
I'll be in touch soon
Happy Birthday!!!
You're such an amazing person!!!
So glad there are people like you in the world!!
Have a wonderful day!!!
yeah buddy :D soo close to a million :3
Follow Friday!
and , who directed the 2nd magical Kansas City based film I was a part of, coming this Spring!
ya let dowo run the league shit goes bad quick
Happy Valentines Day !
I'm looking forward to celebrating tonight with dinner and the Rebels beating TCU!
Sometimes you learn the hard way...
Spirit Airlines  never again.
In the 2010 and 2011 regular seasons the Browns went 203 and 192.
How will they end up in 2012?
thanks baby steps feels like we are playing in CFL waiting for a tryout in the NFL.....
FF Green blogs we like.
also gwen can we die WTK is playing a free show at Macy's in manhattan tomorrow sigh
Mayan calendar calls for world to end in 2012  which happens to be an election year.
Prescience or wishful thinking?
Never cried over spilled beer.
Why?
Cuz I'm still here.
England vs.
Brazil up next!
Check out the pure freshness we're coming out with next week!
www.BrandOneThree.com.
Thoughts?
LOL me too!!
Working in the Bronx's Boston road and adee make sure you move your car before 6 or it will be towed
Im ready!
Only the mountain has lived long enough to listen objectively to the howl of the wolf.
AldoLeopold
This really just killed my mood man .
Thanks for the follow!
you're welcome diabetes boy.
Not a very busy one.
Going to an acting seminar on Sunday.
And u?
Life couldn't get better.
it's always been Saturday..
Usher; his sexy self.
; oh.
What would you like to see in an Art Relish app?
Hypothetically, your doctoram visual art app ...
Cooperation is no longer about incentives but about removing impediments Michel Bauwens P2P foundation
I want to get a NC flag  and a St.
George's flag for my apartment.
nowwhere to procure such items
I've got fb!
I'll DM you my account...
I've also got Tumblr...
I'll send my url....
I don't give it out to everyone.
umm I will defiantly will fix that issue!!
it's the only blank line left on my recommitment paper!
I'm terrified to commit to a singlet size.
I'm fine I got surgery I jus wole up from it.
I'm I'm a lot of pain but the doctor said ill be guud enuf to leave by saturday
doctornking with a super hot boy :
Really really glad the nba is back.
Nba is as good as ever
Love is a maze, life is a riddle, and Im just a little bit caught in the middle.
I just want to watch the caps and the rangers
50 of cars in my condo's garage still no city stickers, how many potholes will be left unfilled?
Raburn, you can't hit that one.
Not up there.
Yes!
We ARE getting excited about tomorrow.
We've got loads of fun cookie stuff for people to play with.
dear one direction: yourethereason i have 3 twitter accounts
I want him
Yo mamma maybe!
RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend.
Is anyone going to BlackBikeWeekend in mistertle Beach?
Never let anyone control what your destine to reach which is greatness!
One of America's greatest conductors, choral or otherwise.
Robert Shaw, born April 30th, 1916.
His beloved ATL ensembles in the 1p hour.
I hate watching us lose 
Nope!
Not true at all RT : I heard a rumor that will be discontinuing its 50 light cheeses?
GOODNIGHT EVERY ONE AND HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO EVERY DAD IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD
Congrats dude!
Very cool!
Congratulations!
RandomTweeting is my middle name
Come on!!!
It will be a cool show, no headliners we swap sets.
Us, 6MB, Us, 6MB!
Going to be fun
My teacher says I give my mother pain.
sigh.
yes!!
aww memories:
Because we are still in prelaunch there is no notification process in place yet.
We will when fully launched.
I'll check
Tweet to your alltime favorite Karaoke songs
Join Amy Zeldenrust  Green Valley Lib tomorrow  10 a.m.
to learn how to grow a great garden in NV.
Tomorrow's topic is water conservation.
MUSTFollow
Need a little Monday morning pick me up?
How about taking a car2go to go get your fav cup of coffee this morning!?
Advice to a sophomore comms student: be interested in the world, learn about a lot of stuff, read widely.
The only thing I can say is Skylar is too good for American Idol!
Love her country rock vibe!!
On to Nashville!!!!
Wish I was there : lol
Tomorrow shall be a better day!
:
RT : miss you too hun!
TX needs more girls!
She shaken ass that's her life style
Straight kickin it in da studio
Downtown DCers, don't you need an art break about now?
Stroll over to our gallery for great contemporary art from 50 local artists.
actually airs 2 weeks from saturday no?
april 29th?
Always looking for help.
What did you have in mind?
agreed.
No doubt.
Check me out on youtube chinikalanina1977
CA is great!
Though it hardly feels like the holidays with this weather.
Let me know if you're ever headed west for a visit
oh....exciting!
End of school term
Can we have Mittens do a PSA for bullying?
I think it's time he truly apologized for the torture he brought to LGBT kids his age.
Hi Im Austin Mahone and your watching Disney Channel.
RT if you are happy you will NEVER hear this
dude that tweet was like a year ago!
Lmao
Why am I not surprised?
:p
It's my Friday at work, hooray.
I'm in a great mood to....
I know but there's next time...
nice RT : I have such a weird body...
Among coffee consumers the average coffee doctornking in the United States is 3.1 cups per day.
Spell the names of the principals properly
it's not it's me.
Saweet!
Know what you're doing out here yet?
Btw, you must hit up a pool party :D
We really are ;3
RT there is no such thing as an unimportant day.
leadfromwithin I agree!
:
Don't say that!
This has literally worked for me, say it will be a good day and it will!
Say it won't and you know the rest
Dentist aren't my thing.
I know what you mean.
got yelled at by a homeless person today...
bucketlist item 232 complete

yeah hers is straight and long down in her back now...
but I think it will work on you curly!
You got SWAG!
werk it!
lol...
I did get your DM but it won't let me reply without you following me.
so dope dude!
Your league, was mentioned on tonight!
hopefully more to come
ah see you should have come over!!
I totally forgot about it until real late last night!
u dated Brian adams?
Of all people...
don't forget the American flag, lending a helping hand there!
lots of horrible rumors twitter spam today.
Don't click on links in those messages.
I'd expect an emphasis on innovation; Obama is not a Gingrichish name doctorpper, but Steve Jobs will likely be mentioned.
And Bin laden
Friday the 13th, guess as long as this day doesn't follow the movie, all is well.
Enjoy!
Happy Friday the 13th
How many mature 16 year olds do you know?
And you're attacking a child, which is much less humane
Loving this weather this morning in Dallas!
All the windows open in our house.
S/O to all my followers.
What?
U and your word usage just kills me.
LOL I totally agree w/ u 100.
would I use something like this event for twitter popularity?
Georgetown student responds to Limbaugh: This is historically the kind of language...used to silence women.
Details coming up on
Here's to NOT plowing into the back of someone cause you were watching their DVD player.
What does it mean when you say two bagger?
Spending cuts!
Yeah!
Asskissers of liberal America.
pac man can't stop mayweather either!
Waking up to a beautiful sky and many new followers for the foundation just made our day!
Thanks for spreading the word !!
Excited to hear this panel The Future of Lifestyle Media with
I'm sure if it was reversed you'd admit the same
Lol I wear it 4 me!
: No Female wears Weave for Herself..
Its either For Other Females acceptance or for Men..
Yall dElusional
Tomorrow's deal looks yummy.
BlueFire Bar and Grill inside the Buffalo Marriott.
20 for a 45 voucher!!
lol it is.
Jason Dufner just said his opening round at The Masters included moments of flustration and surprisement.
Quite a wordsmith.
Thanks Guys, we really appreciate it!
it was a fun day !!
In the back by the camera guy  only seats we could snag.
:
Welcome to UB !
We're excited to host your library dates with !
: If you have any questions, let us know!
me niether i jus wanted u to prove to u that im differant than the niggas u go wit
Hun, That addoctorss you gave me is unavailable for shipping, are you sure that is your addoctorss?
lyy 3
Some lady in kroger told me I have pretty hair...
What a great day lmao, what else can happen
can u follow me plzz
Traffic almost completely stopped on I85 south near milemarker 91.
Ugh.
wishing i lived somewhere where there were sidewalks
I got shot 9 times cut me some slack
yeah I did that like five years ago n was w out a phone for a long time so I learned my lesson lol
Sterling has hushed the room discussing mortality, morality, suicide and blood price for goods, services we use
Candy corn is soon going to turn on aka The Candy Corn Casa Creeper.
16 days, up to episode 38.
Will be up to date soon.
However, I'll be sad to wait so long between podcasts.
RT : Business process improvement almost always comes before technology.
David Edinger, CPO of Denver.
Anyone checking out theraven tonight?
Mahomies Love Austin  Help  Trend it !
Ally
you wanna be a painkiller not a vitamin
Amazing how much we can lose or gain at the gym  lose weight, gain information.
Today be blessed, be strong, be beautiful, BE YOU!
I know, we're human.
We all want our cake and eat it to at times but Im only for one!!!
SimonThunder refuses radio/magazine interview!
Everything I have to say is on my sites radio/press traffickers r lame n whores 4 sensation
If youre not here right now, well, I feel for you.
me too.
Vegas is lovely this time of year, especially at Moorea beach club.
TOPTIONAL!
And what's worse, the opposing Goalie always seems to be able to block my shots, while nearly every time the enemy shoots on me it's a goal.
So our guitarist Mikah has left the band as well to pursue other musical interests.
We wish him the best in whatever he does.
Yep.
Unfortunately, too many bigoted pinheads made it to the polls.
I'm just so frustrated with everything.
U still dwn south?
what time you get off
I need some me time gotta get my thoughts together my mind is everywhere
Any idea of what kind of money Winston got?
He who provides for this life but takes no care for the next is wise for a moment but a fool forever
aww thanks ashley!
so is yours!
: you looked gorgeous!
:
if you ever need an outfit to match that stick up your ass....then gimme a call.
Virtual Browse is tool being developed at NCSU to respond to scholars' need for serendipitous find
:  currently having a private party!
India arie my FAV
already did.
I love her too!
So it finally happened I finally snap....
The endurance bank will have better ROI this year.
Will cash it for my A races.
If we can only be together in my doctorams..
I want to sleep forever
: You got blue balls from Ru Paul in a pool hall.
OMG yourethereason by was PERFECT 3 The music video was so beautiful!
Me too RT : I wanna fuck
So thankful I'm not in jail right now
So I wonder if Michael Jackson still had a black person's penis when he was white?
Kevin no
I hope Peter Forsberg helps us get to the playoffs.
Do you still think he has it?
Establish pilot and plan for social media success
Oh hipsters and their roadbikes.
Ha.
How silly.
we just followed up with Scott via email.
Let us know if you have any additional questions!
You know your fucked up when you hide with the whole softball team behind the school so coach doesn't see you.
I'm bout to be hittin da sheets in a min got to go to work and then see wats up wit my car once again hope for da best i really need to get.
what u got up tomorrow?
I b tryin to chill, bitches wanna fck me...shorty must've heard, got the word, I move D had it by her bladder she like ooh I gotta pee
ah  thought you were local smgirlfriends Kids go to LosAl?
: INSIDIOUS was great!
Could be the best PG13 horror movie ever!
agreed!!
Was just verbally assaulted by a homeless man in red boxer briefs.
Thanks NYC!
Lol
See you there!
Here's to hoping justice will finally be served for Srebrenica victims and their families.
I had a crap day too.
I hope things get better for you fast.
That moment when u get so high u consider not smokin anymore lol Oo
: Got my new workout skirt today, just in time for this week's long run!
Thank you!
So excited to run in it!
Enjoying hearing the rain fall outside.
Such a nice day for taking a nap.
i just peed on the carpet 4 times in 4 dif places in the matter of 10 min.
The Kissy lady looks pisssssed, no put intended 
how did you do it?
Seriously, everyday i get further behind!
whatsthesecret?
Especially with the ridiculous formula that proves that women  evil.
Collectively, humans as a species are so dumb.
Repubs use the debt as an excuse to cut social programs, why else has every modern R POTUS massively increased it?
Just breathe hoe
how to delete flex markers in logic..
friday night what what
also be willing to walk away if it doesn't work out.
And don't discuss financing or tradeins until after agreement on price.
done: x
We are all chum.
My TL is a Combo of tweets Love  Hate for either the Lakers or
Whenever I'm depressed I like to cut myself.....
a nice big piece of cake.
:'
latest iTunes update has made all the text look like shit!
Celebrate America and Summer Vacation with this weeks Custom and Micro Beds!
Up now on productionvault!
Too many.
But I'll go with the next from the Swingers guy: Go.
America's Got Talent?
hit me up bro, been trying to reach u at ur email addy!
As of now djlilsyn.com is still down but will be up by tomorrow afternoon
Museum Bar should Let Carlos run the place
This lightning almost gave me a heart attack several times.
solid sketchy night with , , and
Check out the interview MVP did with the Miami Herald.
Lots of great stuff including a bunch on Lord of War.
wait it really does that for ALL the colleges?
That's ridiculous!
oh hell naaaaaa i will throw a cookie to the fire and u will go running after it and u will brun to death :
I seen a lot of tweets that sound like fortune cookie bullshit lol
hate cleaning..
:
Rock Chalk Luke!
Teamobieber let's keep it trending!
TeAmoBieber
HUH?
Claim a cash prize???
can you brine a frozen turkey that has been thawed, or do you need to use a fresh one?
Are chemical companies to blame when my own boogers make my mouth numb?
I guess you can't even safely eat your own boogers anymore?
Congrats on getting back in the field today!
I can get you two because my dad's a cast member but I have to ask!
:
hey im symmetrical as shit
This is awesome I want to play IU and Duke so bad!!
good news!!!!
On the other hand, feeling so sick is not fun.
Meh.
No doubt, Flex is a Beast!
One of My Favorite Competitors!
Wow!
You Must really like him!
Lol
there are so many topics and debates twitter is really wonderful for that!
But for my own sanity I have to pick my battles
GROSS and ASTONISHING.
My family is full of lawyers.
Worked for solos for over 25 years.
I luv my attorneys!
Haha so is that RT considered a YES?
you guys should check out Orggit!
It's your life on the cloud.www.orggit.com
kinda wish i had school today!
wanna see
ok W.E he is to me he might not to you but is very handsome :
By the end of the weekend we will know who is going to play BYU in the BellAFB.
We can't wait to see who it's going to be!
Its hard to digger your boyfriend when he's a ninja.
Is your dj at Miami's best happy hour now til midnight at Area 31, 16th floor of the EPIC Hotel..
wow am I finally going to get to see the digiboard?
I've gotten more pissed off today than I have in the last few weeks combined.
Oops.
i have the bestfriends in the world, justsayin :
misterThunder6Octave voiceSinging any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistrywishUwere me!
Bill Clinton is at the NRF Trade Show
Hi Fred thanks for following me l look forward to getting to know you better who knows maybe someday we could work together?
the story bout the Nats puttin icy hot in Strasburg's jock strap yesterday is HILARIOUS.
Definitely explains why he got ROCKED by the Padoctors
I don't even remember half of this piranas movie....
lol
Oracle and Java were no match for Andoctorid, Google says
I wont give up on you
It's raining and shitty now im a brat
Good Morning, Friends!
; RT : i feel so out of touch
Cmon Penguins get yourself together.
Hey!
I would love to interview!
I will hit you up after my Temple Grandin interview!
!
Thank you!!
I look at my generation and I find hope...
The people in power may call us young and naive but buddy change was meant to happen
We should start a band.
:
Busy, busy, busy...
Now booking model development photoshoots for September.
Prices are very competitive and delivery is timely.
They offer PowerPoint templates for various sizes.
A sure fit!
hahaha I'm coaching from home!
RT : Breaking news on CNN now: Plot to blow up U.S.bound jet foiled
Congratulations to JFG Career Coach Cindy Clark for receiving the Unsung Heroes Award from the Department of Juvenile Justice.
she HATES that song.
I've never actually heard it.
I've heard her version of it.
waiting out the fire alarm.
its all will power and headphones
Everybody and their grandmas be thinking they're artists.
Happy Easter to every one :
Everyone wants to be good at basketball but no one wants to work hard to get there
Yes Thank You XOX
there response to that might help narrow the contendors of who it might be.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some custody orders have detailed provisions for international travel with the childoctorn, and others do not.
I never said it had to be you.
I just said someone in general.
But no fat chicks.
lol!
I highly doubt it
Good luck jul!
RT : My Surgery is finally tomorrow, pray for me!
Finished a Christmas tune for the new Hey!
It's Christmas comp.
Ye olde Scottish/French carol.
Details soon!
true story.
well, we know how to spell them anyways.
Upfronts are next week.
Why are all the shows getting officially renewed/cancelled/picked up this week?
I can't keep up!
Now that would be great!
Interesting major as well.
Really outside the box.
and it's only may, what the hell?
Homework break at Orange Leaf...thank you Mama Chavez :
hey oh!
hey stranger!
we gotta get to a game hunny bunches :P
time to get swole and faster this summer lol
Hey Donnie my bday is Sunday can you please tweet me im one of your biggest fans and it would mean the world to me.
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
gettin' hungry.
Thanks for sharing :
that makes me so sad!
I love him!
This is like blowing my mind bc I like just watched 2.5 then this happened
already sitting in moscone with my badge!
lmao high school  middle school days
I have a strong feeling somebody gone get cursed out from AZ REAL SOON.
Bulls game, myself quarters not periods.
Then I remembered, so was/is playoff hockey...
;
Heartbreaking stories from parents of kids w/ differences tonight
Could you just move that over 1/2 a pixel?
Expert: Another woman woke up with ax on nightstand next morning.
Realized she texted partner, said she saw someone in kitchen.
No memory.
nope found that one.
Heard it M/T but it was when I was hitting snooze beginning to think I imagined it...
Thanks for trying!
RT Recommendation: misread either dear husband for digital humanities for uses of DH
At each level of play in the celebrity poker tournament, a rebuy is available for 200 for an open bracket to the final table.
Lol!
I'm grown...
You need to be in bed...Lol
It's his grandpa!
night twitterpeace again
what's up people??
New shitz coming sooonnnnnnnnn
I wish you could go to prom with me that would be amazing
you can have her, i hate girls !
Goodnight big bro!
That's the only explanation..it was too real!!!
There is NO faking in that moaning there.
lol
I GOTTA COUPLE STACKS NA ROGER DAT
FF  Follow Friday...
We are recommending good stuff for you to follow!
wow, after canvass fmisterNC Sen Shaw now in 3rd place in Senate 21 primary by just 4 votes!!!
will be runoff but not w/ Shaw
nice im spanish to i asked because my aunts name is carolina lol and you a Mahomie:D
It's 1:33 in the morning and I just finished doing my makeup .
.
.
Im such a girl  ; Haha.
Been a good day today  :
Love  by !
All of us are excited about your show center!
Duke professorssor leaves classroom, hopes to restore importance of language ...
News amp; Observer
i got no problem with LA, hope yall win this series eventually.
Gasol is my white boy.
haha
thank you.
wish there was more we could do for familyunimaginable heartache.
Overheard conversation, Guess what??
I'm becoming a slut again!
I hooked up with two people this weekend!!
YES!!
I want sum nuggets from uh..
wendys
Gonna take a ride east to see my brother and listen to some very much needed Fleetwood Mac.
Big bday smooches to my love, !
90 of those students carry a balance monthtomonth
Many thanks to the c, g, and e crew on NOWK.
They made it happen!
Watching dead poets society and they just referenced a collect call.
Wish TNT inside the nba had an App where I could listen in
Oh I would so love to join but this is a really tough work week for me.
Really glad to know about it though!
I just want a cowboy damit!!!!
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
are there 2 vietnam cafes?
I think im sick
That's funny clod should be cold.
;
Everybody has a say, it depends whether they want to be heard or not
I got around to buying GutenbergLoved it!
As an ed technologist I love the concept of the slowness of disruption of the net.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
Heard back from HQ.
Sadly you guys won't cover the repair.
: I understand why, but it still stinks.
FoxSportsNetwork seems to favor Iowa rather than the east coast.
MajorFailure College football is not their strength.
how old r u
:  I have the same setup  I'm sitting Fitz.
Ryan is due for a big game and it'll need to be a shootout.
Random girl to me while passing in the street God Loves You  very nice thing to say but very random while crossing street.
more longterm?
RT : lsmplace it costs as much to build a bad building as to build a good one.
Same with a street
M.
I may have to get those growing next season, they sound great.
As much as I hate bio, Derek Tom and Alexandoctor are too funny
Hoping all my beautiful chicas had an amazing mamas day u all deserve it!!!!!!
Thank you for following us on Twitter.
We are following you as well.
Outreach concerts at Aspire East Palo Alto Charter School and the Encinal School in Atherton today.
My goal is to write about Mysticism, Islamic and Christian and how it can heal the rift with science.
SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber
you actually said lol?
never been a fan of Ron Artest since he had that fight in the stands a few years ago.
Not surprised.
is ayo bates in ur room
Real niggas do real things RT : cool.
I hate when niggaz play cool and won't hit a few buttons for u
Freakin freezing monkey balls out here
Just a reminder, HIBF 2012 will be on Sat, April 14 from 11:00 to 5:00.
The event is completely free and open to the public
Thanks!
We designed a bracelet to support the 50 Finest celebration.
We donated 10 from each bracelet.
We 3 fundoctorisers!
i got a big day today.
200m finalist for City Championship
u can be kwan's cousin from Korea
feel like I should whisper this.
Almost finished editing!
Should be done Saturday.
How bout u?
Anything from agent?
Me and my husband take public display of our affection for each other to a whole other level smh we damn near got it in on the bowling lane!
: I'm going on tcoc today 3
Is it just me or is your HD channel mostly just a SD feed?
Opening at 6:45am Friday for World Cup Opener.
Also showing France vs Uruguay at 11:30am.
when I go to reply, it still has it!
O;
need an eye patch delivered to mcfaddens
We were at the Aon building earlier...
RT : where's the food truck today?
Appreciate the RT's :
I don't know what to do with myself.
I have all these updates to read.
PrayForCaitlin She Has Stomach Cancer3
I find it so entertaining when I walk around my floor and hear Call Me Maybe being blasted from the bro rooms
I'm enjoying the sense of community I feel with all these AtThedoctorveIn fans coming out of the woodwork this past week.
That is all.
Wow!
Our photo grad is headed to Antarctica!
MT I've been chosen to be an ArtistinResidence on an Argentine scientific base
Woke up late for work.
Got pulled over on the way to work.
Friday can't get here fast enough
Obama: 'the money we spent on war  take half to pay our debt and take the other half to put into nation building at home'
did you message their Facebook page and ask where they found it?
Check out Girls that Can Kick Your Ass  Jean Fry  in this month's Power magazine!!
She's my BFF and she is absolutely amazing :
This pizza and garlic bread
I really hate when i'm texting a guy i like and they don't text back ..
fml .
I have teased him for 31 years about it.
LOL: That's funny....
WellNotForHim : 
Thanks for your input.
We're working to expand options at Terminal 2 within the next year.
Stay tuned.
In the end, I can't help but think it's just better etiquette to start w/ businessdedicated methods.
Seems like the last day of the year makes you think about everything you do.
Is that Wilmer Valderrama in your Twitter picture background?!
I kinda wanna be the dude who carries the question mark sign at Trader Joe's
If they honestly think he's got a future, they screwed him tonight.
Stupid to bury a champ
She also pushed for govt insurance to cover sex change operations.
Nothing capable of being memorized is history.
Great PRSA media breakfast this morning!
DAVE THE MINION FROM DESPICABLE ME.:
This is one of those nights I'll remember after Dirk retires.
Team  Dirk's back.
Anyone wanna get something to eat?
Maybe shes workin on becoming a saddle whisperer.
:
According to english, I have a reading level of a 7th grader.
In 8th grade I had a college reading level.
Somethings not righ.
I say, if you can't find it, Google it!!
breaks the kiss and puts you down but pulls you close to me
CBRE Wins CoreNet Global Innovator's Award for Global LaborView Platform
Wtf was that call??
So we started out going to the SDFair and ended up at Disneyland.
What's a few more miles?!
Yeah, that's how we roll.
;
text me you fool 
Can't tell u how many x's her friends Ur mom has twitter?
Uh That's weird!
She has more followers than me.
Facebook's Marne Levine: Right to be forgotten not very realistic
I miss you baaaabygirl!
great game last night  awesome series!
We are all glad you are a true Vancouver Canuck!
Welcome to Canada bitch!
ps that cookie was good
What types of tells were you picking up on players at the final table?
shock ur nipples jordan...dont do it
Just got back from a wonderful vacation visiting my family in OR!
Have to love the NW summers when compared to our Phoenix HEAT.
Tough times never last tough people do
just want to make an ass out of you and me.
Not in my backyard!
Plymouth residents rally against proposed high voltage power line.
Story on 12 at 4,5,  6 o'clock.
In serious danger of this being the year my Nats fandom overtakes my Braves fandom.
Is the seventh DC summer the charm?
Thank you for the inspiration, Leslie!
One night your gonna lay in bed, and think of me, and wish that things can be the way they used to be /3
Happy New Year tweeps!
I've graduated to the Hot  Spicy favors of ramen.
I think that means I'm finally a man.
I'm satisfying guilty pleasures.
TheXFiles Up to Season5.
Can u say a watcher!!
It caught me..
Giving thanks for divinely orchestrated detours.
dmp
Much thanks for the FF shoutouts!
well yeah he may just go there to retire and do mission trips.
WELL THE CHALLENGE HAS BEEN PRESENTED SO NOW WHERE IS THE BATTLE FIELD AND WHEN?
BandsILove ONE DIRECTION, and A Day To Remember
Nude is all over the red carpet!
Loving it!
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Ray Bradbury
How to get two little boys who don't know each other to immediately know each other: So, guys, what video games do you like?
No worries.
:D Yes, I love them.
They're the perfect couple and run a fantastic business.
I live a block away and actually have.
We walked Madeleine Albright to the car and before she left and said to us: I can't leave without shaking all your hands.
Classy.
Two steps ahead of you, we are going to Camp Sunshine on June 11th
I wanna slap the fucking bitches that broke Austin's heart.
He doesnt deserve it.
Selfwill so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on.
Richard Cecil
BOYFRIENdoctorview It shows us that you're growing up but you still follow your heart!!
/it's you/
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont sleeping with socks.

It's always too soon to quit  Norman Vincent Peale
Each type of is blended for differing uses and flavors.
Which olive oil is your go to choice?
Good band RT : Fab photo shoot with wrapped.
The sun is shining, I have a big glass of vinho verde..
I've felt it coming all season but tonight clinched it: I no longer love Roger.
He is terrible.
oh you're so witty 
What's up my twits
Sorry had me sittin on your lap hah!
Pray for him!
don't be afraid of the dark is so god!!
the ending was soo sad.
Why did it have to end that way?
:'
FunFactAboutMe I never knew that tomato was spelled without an 'e', cuz tomatoes has one  glad I checked
Practicing song Live On, hopeful to get it recorded.
Tongo is in a halt
fspam5k Day.
Celebrate by growing a beard.
as long as u have Blackstreet u don't need anything else ;
Everyone my prom June1 who comming?
i want to meet this guy.
Maybe he is a super hero at night that fights bay area crime on 6th street!
Let's go Los Angeles Kings!
Woaaaahhhh he is stripping hahaha ....
His body is real nice but that doesn't even look real.
This show will always be remembered as the tornado show !
Oh how I'm going to miss my Desperate Housewives
Too many Mosquitos.
I'm not trying to catch Malaria
I'm an actor that's a conservative, and refuses to let liberals dominate the industry.
If it burns my career, well...
Video would be pretty great, especially since this is a popular topic!
previous questions referenced
He is an incredibly resourceful individual who often teaches himself only needing snippets of internet pages alone2 do so
y'all some high rollers and y'all broke...
debo
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
It's chill, you don't needa text me back!
Biggie's and Pac's story are still so sad everytime I hear it
Youve got that right.
lol Every country, every issue, every solution.
Almost every, I should say.
Just wrapped up shooting video and photos for cancer prom.
Lots of fun and smiles.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
who makes this beautiful light?
have I googled santorum?!
Mon frere, I've been around the tubes long enuf to have sent in a suggestion to Savage's original poll!
seeing your smile is the b e s t part of my day.
:
its obvious to me now i still care so much about him.....
iwasthinkin that California is the place to be!
woohoo : AP: Mississippi voters reject ballot initiative 26, personhood amendment
Pretty nice seats for Mike T.
at the bucco game.
Hey fans!
Any fun weekend plans?
Describing medieval blindstamped bindings is an exercise in making up adjectives.
playstub.com has a new homepage.
What do you guys think?
A nono for Roy!!!!
The legend of Doctober begins!!!!!!
Happy Birthday!
RT : I'm excited to be part of my first ThatCamp in June.
Thanks, !
hey look forward to visiting the new space  congrats on move to new DUMBO!
Chris Brown, you blew it...
Jumping on blocks does not a grammy comeback make...
I rather hold my head high and die, then live and duck
I agree...he's been a tremendous addition!
Great find by Chad Buchanan  his staff.
Cookie baking with my mom and kids tonight.
Can't go.
Next time.
Snorts  Snores right back :
Tonight we shall.
Los Angeles looks lil better Thurs/Fri...
and again next week!
:o RT : Can you fix LA weather?!?
Gloomy and cold.
Geez.
RT Prayer honors God, acknowledges His being, exalts His power, adores His providence, secures His aid.
E.
M.
Bounds
is listening to the sounds of silence, whirring computer fan and keening LCD, wondering where this conversation is going.
I wanted Raven to win, but also Tyra was pretty good!
Good Luck to all of them, hoping Episode 3 will be cool as the other ones!
When you innovate, you've got to be prepared for everyone telling you you're nuts.
Larry Ellison, CEO of Oracle.
And people say LeBron's The Decision was a horrible thing to do.
It's getting worse every day.
Before 1850 clothes were hand stitched by those that wore them.
Clothes were not made for fashion, but rather for commodity.
DS: If Flacco wants Top 5  for a QB, dueces.
See ya later bud.
I think his agent is just trying to boost his value, but we'll see.
it was great!
Clean and organized.
We'll see how long it lasts that way.
Follow mee ; I follow back:
It's game time!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: DAngelo McLinton Rising 11th Shreveport, LA Travel Team: Fair Park High School Point Guard 59
The more love you give out the more love you produce within yourself.
How does this work?
Miami is killing NY!!!!
im kennedy .
lolol .
but Kennedy is kennedy franklin .
princeton and her had some kind of  thing  going on earlier .
During convo about if we would ever bring Beertown back...
EYQ: Can we have a potluck salad bar instead of dessert bar?
How long will it last?
Life advice from : We should all give up.
This is why I love this woman.
thanks so much for the follow Jenni!
Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
RT : Going to be sharing something VERY interesting about Pinterest in the first 5 minutes of higheredlive today.
So what the deal ridaz?
send resumes to
coaching  training  88 in team productivity!
Trove, Inc.
can help.
This is the season for company off sights.
I am..but crap nasty fool
: just seems like something you would tell me YOURSELF I told exactly NOBODY...lol u know how it is
that's why you always have to have that backup gym bag in the car!
Being a Cowboys fan is detrimental to my health for sure!
You're much too pretty to be Sasquatch...and I say that in a nongay way.
someone thinks I am someone else, Dawn Reese Show is A New show that is out , and there are other Dawn M Reese out there, Do your Research
A comfy Canyon Group chenille robe is a holiday gift she will LOVE!
Made entirely in the USA!
www.rosegardenboutique.com
Enjoying the many amenities at the fantastic for the ASLRRA2012.
Great job, guys.
and I was at the doctors :
They are playing Christopher Cross' ride like the wind in Safeway.
Only one of the moat badass songs EVER.
In 3 Weeks it goes down at the MGM MayweatherCotto can't wait.
Finally 24/7 starts tonight too
Oil sands pronunciation guide.
RT : For the record, I am pro bitchewmin, and anti bitahmin, behtoomin and Byetwominh
We like Ohio nachos more than some people sometimes.
Especially if you don't have to share.
; 
This case of the Mondays I can handle.
Full afternoon of rock climbing planned at The Edge Rock Gym in Jax!
Wil do!!!!
Im Getting old lol
get ya some then i bet you be walking alot : you might also need a foot massage too tho if you lived close i would provide dat
congrats!!!
Keep it up, YOU CAN DOIT!
Today 1942: Joseph McCarthy, later famous for communist witch hunts, was sworn in as a 1st Lt.
in the Marines.
As an Intelligence officer.
also great gif
Happy Passover and Happy Easter to my ppl!!!
:  xx
That I cannot buy or believe!
NOT!!
Depart of Energy states that Americas buildings account for approx 40 of total U.S.
energy consumption, costing 400 billion annually.
Pretty sure I would hate a chef or a restaurant that banishes onions or garlic.
I can't do this crap anymore!
I just want to go too bed.
When you watch the highlights of the game Lakers should of won..
This cock ain't gonna cum by itself.
me to you.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Vincent Van Gogh
Hi Sam!
I'd be happy to help you w/rental.
I went to Nova from 8991 too!
Send email to josiemazzallentatecom
We know you would Example A: Roshons EP Release!
LOL!
Wanna play with Molotov Solution and Rose Funeral?
Email !
Have fun!
: I'm off today...and tomorrow...and the weekend...and...wait for it...I'm off Monday, too!
YayYayYay !
you are rappers and producers
All you need is love.
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt  Charles M.
Schulz
hear hear to that!
Everyone knows SNSD will win if they are even an option, not much of a chance for anyone else!
It's true, I eat Halal all the time
I feel the exact same WaY
Subtweeting yourself?
RT : SHUT THE FUCK UP ALREADY NO ONE CARES, DAMN.
Top issues here.
Higher Education costs are out of control and cut constant cuts to K12 are unacceptable.
Kid: Na!
Na!
Na!
Mom?
Parent: If you keep doing that, I won't listen to you.
Kid: Na!
Na!
Na!
Mom?
Parent: What do you want??
I think I might make Bag next on my reading docket.
I just love it.
It's been a fabulous reading year so far.
that's what we were saying too  WAY EARLY!
Lmfao the giraffe in ZooKeeper is lol funny haha
U R are so sweet!
This day is so beautiful!
I'm w my grandson Zaden!
3/29 is an amazing date in my life!
Thanks for remembering!
Thanks for the follow guys!
Love your website...
Silver lining is a good place to start
Just Finished My Math Test...
Don't Think I Did So Good :/
Hate this.
Hard to believe with those blades growing out of your fingers.
In the midst of being tamed........
We become what we pretend to be, so be careful about what you pretend to be.
cont...VEKS3,...and many more!!!..410 pm,.PLACE GALLERY, corner,of MAIN AND CHARLESTON,..LV,NV!!!!
Sofia is BEAUTIFUL!
thank you!
wonderfantabulous?
I will do my darndest!
:D
i dont trust these bitches i dont i dont trust these bitches cause they all have me trippin
Mormons don't use a cross as symbolic as it symbolizes Christ's death rather than his resurrection.
make the rice OH SNAP IM A FOOD COOK : ehhehheheh yah yah im a good cook takes Skills to make this shiznets!!
avengers w/ my sis today for the bday.
ain't tryin to do too much.
Actually it's Fri 4/20 presents digital content symposium.
Looking forward to QA with faculty.
please release HyruleHistoria in English!
You won't regret it!
Problem of big banks has parallels with extinction of dinosaurs.
Global economy can't heal without elimination of these outsize parasites.
Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs
HOUSE OF COATES, Brad Zellar.
Intimate, solemn, heroic, gritty spotlight on normally unnoticed landscapes, interiors,  people.
Early going Friday I have plays posted from 92 cappers with 4 college consensus so far and off a 22 day with consensus plays..Back later
ugh i still haven't done my geometry hw, that i been having to do since friday..
That shift wore me out
I hope Metta World Piece just fucks the Thunder up
Tommy Wells is being resworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 6
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
andypoll: share your favorite saying.
Theres nothin a little saturday night live cant fix.
Myself and !
RT : Any NYC runners running Broad Street on Sunday?
Braces off!!!
Should be interesting RT : Gertzog: American Needle widely misunderstd, nfl not single entity.
expects win on rule of reason
nope, didn't look like he touched him.
Most definitely!
Juniors are ready.
Yep.
Wear hats, use sunscreen.
Been there, done that.
Happily distributing em dash howto info like Johnny Appleseed.
For macs: shitoptionhyphen  
Both offenses go scoreless on their first series.
Firstteam O back on the field, starting at their 39
friendsatsnarfs  friends4life has been done a thing.
since the grand opening on march 1st..
No I'm not lucky, I'm blessed..yes.
Schiraldi: Only highrisk, dangerous kids should be in facilities.
Kids should be treated in homes whenever possible.
Straight flame
what is it called
Maybe I should paint my nails before I bite them all off
Really, Can I feel it?
I have been off Twitter for a few days.
I thought I'd come back on with nothing but insight but, like Justin Beiber, I got nothing.
candles, i want candles.
Via , if Dale Hunter were to leave the Caps, possible replacements include Paul Maurice, Marc Crawford or Bob Hartley.
We're on holiday vacation after today, so until next year, Have a Happy, Healthy, Safe, and ROCKING Christmas  New Year!
KEEP ON ROCKING!!
hey srry for late reply been busy
whoops, i dunno!
:X
YOOOOO JR SMITHS DUNK 
i want my old life back !
why does my life have to be affected because of this ?!
i just want my daddy back .
The Giants are the favorite to clench the NFC East in our Facebook Challenge question this week.
Submit your answer to win 10!
Students at Corrales Elem.
School are being dismissed due to an water outage.
Why thank u ; RT : That blue verified check looks good on you.
:
It feels so good to relax after a long, easy day at work.
Lol It's for sure not always easy so I'll take it when I can.
Right.
That nuance it tough to explain to someone who watched Cronkite and could believe every word.
Gonna get aggressive.
did we just become best friends
Hey lady...Happy New Year!!!
:
thanks, sorry this is so late!
I am super excited about the place!
Glad you like it!
:
This is going to be a very long night, I can already tell.
Im going to need some coffee.
liked the price change letter  very nicely said.
can't wait to give you all kinds of shit about it tomorrow.
4famouswords I met someone else.
MacPherson Group and Associates love the Charity in Bloom Arrangements!
doctor appt again?
Dang that didn't help
just got a ticket from the boys in blue cos nyc needs to meet their quota for the month!
Mad in love sometimes make the lovers crazier and they start describing the world as if they have just found out about its beauty
how was your first day back?
agree..
turn down the volume
Amen sista!
Miss you, and y'all, you're in for a treat this season.
Melissa is ON like DONKEY KONG!
Figaro Figaro
Back to school tomorrow 
AwkwardMoment when you realize that you shouldn't have sent that text.
hey are you in Boston this weekend?
I'm here for the Sloan conference; heading over to tour Sam Adams now...
I ain't goin' I gotta get a stunt gun just in case I have to sit his ass down one day, Imma do like the kid off of Hangover
So sorry Dawn!
Thinking of your Simba!
Thing I hate about the new job is the fact I am taking more United flights.
No status.
Always last in line.
Great new member coffee with in La Jolla this morning.
PS, pumpkin spice lattes at SBUX are delicious!
it reminds me of us..3
I'm heading to the concert at 3:304 o'clock if your down to get a good spot hmu.
We'll be camping out.
Bring supplies
I want to hang out with you guys!
Minneapolis may be my favorite airport so far.
crowdsourcing experiment 1: tweet back with a pic of the fullmoon from your vantage point if you can see it
I do agree he is adorable and so sweet!
He will one day I will make sure of it even if we have to write Dan letters
yeah he said tht.
And u usually do tho.
I didnt even get him
Tried the salty caramel shake at Good Stuff today.
Pretty damn tasty.
Happy vday to all the love birds out there
Official US Navy War of 1812 commemorations
Possibly my last ortho check before my braces come off.
If only you could see my excitement right now.
I love a rascal.
Don't forget to pick up your Twitter Sticker at Registration to share your Twitter handle w/the rest of the CLbrT2012 attendees!
we can help eachother achieve our doctorams Bro muchlove RT
Aww, well next week, we will ALL be back.
And doctorgs??
Oh man!
The excitement always happens when Im gone ;
Not good when your backup doctorve starts to look like a black hole.
bit.ly/q34IgU
Only during the summer.
Now until the end of July.
First tournament in Tybee Island next weekend
I will be able to spin the party in LA.
If you provide sound, I will have the tables
Have a COLD ONE for me.....
where at bros?
The majority of what we call management consists of making it tough for people to get their work completed.
agree, how we view and share is different but the hard set television isn't dead.
In tea production artificial rolling of the leaves releases juices and enzymes that cause fermentation, later controlled by applying heat.
Congratulations Tori and Dean!
Thinking of failure as the enemy of success?
You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it
Hey cuz gonna try  tune in from LA  listen to you  Tristen on the radio.
Luv  miss u guys lots!
XoXoXo.
:
What explains smartness of groups?
Hint: individual intelligence of the members doesn't explain much of the variance.
NEASC11 Chabris
Everyone should follow
They Mow the lawn at our school everyday
AutoHarvest, DHS and TARDEC Sign Technological Innovation Information Collaboration Agreement
RT : Preparing for the 450th dedication ceremony tomorrow.
Also a weekend of living history to come
oh ok I see
ITS A FUMBLE....Broncos ball
I'm 21 As Of 49 Minutes Ago....Time To Go Ham
Make no mistake about it.
Obama administration has given a green light to black savages to attack white people, they won't be arrested.
BANG
I HAVE BEEN UNDER MORE THAN NORMAL STRESS.
STRESS IN MY OPINION RIGHT IS LIVING AS AN ALBINO IN TANZANIA, NOW THAT WOULD BE STRESSFUL.
Thanks for retweeting the Kathy Ireland video!
I wish you could care as much as i do .
Sometimes the crap that goes viral on the Internet still surprises me.
now you know how I feel 
and those who don't get it dont get they dont get it.
glad i get it.
Power of the people is stronger than the people in power
Why is McDonald's Coke superior to all over Cokes?
Discuss.
Connected Ladies in Canada  Meet brands face 2 face in Toronto October 20 could attend for FREE www.shesconnectedconference.com
The power went off in my whole neighborhood and I'm afraid of the dark...eeep!
you can say that again :
Don't forget that Panther Creek offers holiday gift certifitcates.
Nothing says I love you more than a pallet of sod!
oh missed the part about already having an LTE phone.
Guess in your case it paid to be an early adopter
RT : People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
nevergiveup rt
To my Beloved Friends: I sincerely apologize for the next several years of shameless selfpromotion.
Please still love me :
depends what your definition of acceptable is.
Thanks brother, hope the family and love ones good as well.
RT : Good Stuff homie!
navigate to the ghpages branch for content, as indicated in the master branch readme
how much u trying to spend?
Just beyond amethyst violet is the vibration you can't see.
Ultraviolet.
You can think it.
The answer is yes and the feeling.
and why is that?
Yeah, but this time with Johnny Depp!
RT : Tim Burton Makes Same Movie Again
It wasn't about you!
Being forced out of the house.
I better have a fun ass day or I'll be pissed.
My boyfriend : cute , funny , sweet , a simp lol , diary , bestfriend , smart ,  pretty close to perfect 3
If you ain't doing anything with the few opportunities you have now...Don't think you would do something with more opportunities?
Tonight Atlanta!!
Go see at for some serious musical satisfaction.
We've got DJ Beach at Chi Cha tonight.
Hookah anyone?
true I'm bout to text ya neighbor we blowing twitter up lol
Thanks for the suggestion!
We're always looking for inspiration!
ever had that feeling when you are hungry but you don't know what to eat and you don't feel like eating but your stomach's really hungry?
Nice to be back in the land of Enchantment.
Happy Monday everyone!
from
dude be getting it popping...
Very smart rapper Chris!
i had strawberries, champagne and chocolate for dinner last night, and i decided i'm going to start doing that every night for dinner
right on, hadnt heard that weezy track.Nice!
Politics as usual was my joint too!
wow I hate you
u are a nut!!!LOL!
Enjoy your time while they are in school!
oh no what's happened??
you should buy old albums of cynthia stewart an listen till your ears fall off
I love song Sleazy haha...
I guess you can call me sleazy...
Cuz I'm def feeling this song!
saturday's panel was well attended, thanks to all who came!
awww thanks darlin!
Miss your face.
So hard to get noticed by these days...
It's because of all the mahomies!
Rangers on the board on their first shot
I have really sharp pains between my neck and shoulders :
hey niall!!
how have you been doing?
hope you like Australia!
:
frostwire is messed up point blank
so, how many reproductive cells does it kill?
lol
Woke up late and tired!!!!
This medicine is making me hungry as fuck..
I just wanna fuck u cause u cute .so wat do it do ?
must...
resist...
tvtropes...
Clouds will continue to be stubborn through most of today, latest forecast info suggests clearing after 56pm for
Make sure you frisk me good.
Check my panties and my bra
yes, i got tickets, membership card, the computer stick and letter in my package
Saw this happen last night!
Very scary.
Glad he's okay.
Who wants to go see the dictator tomorrow?
Waiting for a human to OK my account, and then I'll sign in to vote.
Haven't forgotten you!
congrats!
What class/professoris your last?
dejablackout you're ruining my back bay experience right now.
Little sisters softball game :
save your energy for LA :
that's still a thing?
ew.
Appreciate the follow!
Come on guys hurry up they are going like hotcakes!!
Neal Dhand  crew!
Congrats on directing the fest's first sold out showSecondStory Man.
Save us a seat tonight!
ROC 3360365
Cool!
As this technology becomes commonplace, millennials won't have to take a pay cut for access and remote offices.
You've got a problem, Candy Man.
I make the world go 'round.
Haha
np Chasing After You
this person really got me fucked up...
na just chillin listening to protest the hero whats up?
im just passing through not going there :/
Dancing, smizing with fellow Okies, and Ursher???
Sounds like the perfect night!
Been in school for 2 weeks and already ready for it to be over.
Boston Will play Philadelphia in the second round for the 3rd consecutive year......
Just, a little different this time.
Cancer where MB will take you on your birthday: water park
Give Me A Shout Out
FINALLY a Bears app.
Bear down!!!
Sometimes apps I have not downloaded appear on my phone :/
Damn I'm getting fat
Hit like if you started your day with 2 cups of water.
um...
it's not?
In theory can I call you white Travis?
Teach me how to rewind, rewind.
Hello Emmett: Thanks for the follow.
I like the work you are doing on Jordan's River.
Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
You two are really annoying
minor procedure, grant hill, who is 37, came back in 2 weeks this season w/same.
Horford had surgery for torn pectoral
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
That Rango movie it is so good , excellent...
thanks for passing along our articles to your friends!
and do the mice have weapons?
a manifesto?
Do we know they are not indigenous?
Even mike tyson thinks my voice is high
Im a typically a Brewer apologist but Ive been pulling my hair out for a week now.
LOL Im starting over tonight
I hate when girls wanna trip, not be friends, and call me names..over a boy that im not even stunting smh
experienced andoctorid development for apps and native
It was great.
Talks on reducing arrhythmia, homebrew sleep sensing, goal setting and social networking aggregation.
Video soon!
Begining to doubt the idea of a video.
But I ain't sure yet.
Louis Spraggins is a hater.
That's it thatsall LMBAO!
thx for the shout out gurl ;
he said that he wouldn't pay to see ja rule hologram, he called him bloody butt and he said rule is done cuz of his album sells
Except that the Giants HIT in the playoffs, and the Phillies dont...kind of sad.
I called them on it and told them abt Em's live tweets.
Still called it just knocking.
No mixer  All the party is set for tomorrow night!
:
RT Tomorrow morning will host former Senator Arlen Specter on his MSNBC show
Your silly :
very long day.....
Who here reviews books and interviews authors  publishers?
Hit me up people.
no doubt the skies are safer without your IPOD.
No telling what type of music you are listening to.
4th Meal is never a good idea.
RT : Girardi gets loose puck in front, and the Rangers lead 20.
9:04.
They're going crazy at MSG.
I can't believe my dad just asked me what my birthday was because he forgot!!
Unbelievable!!!!!
Nothing like sharing news with extended family to help me realize that I descend from crazy.
Sacrifice and offering you did not desire, but my ears you have pierced, burnt offerings and sin offerings you did not require.
Psalm 40:6
Idk Why females love me ,When im such an asshole 3
Don't miss ASHP at the AHA!
talking on the Playing the Past panel Friday 2:304:30
Just introduced mother to BBC iPlayer and 4OD
Aces Up Video.......
Check It Out!!
The new reality of business demands that we rethink all of our previous conceptions
You are soo mean :
it was a cussing and flushing experience.
Doing a pass of 'Bros V.
Hoes' and literally LOLing.
I've been in Fl for the last 3 months and this is only the 2nd day it has rained.
When the country started, voting was restricted to citizens w a financial stake in small govt.
Now anyone with a pulse can vote.
Someone from Michoacán naming their kid Brittany is funny.
you have a number of huge fans in our office.
Could we possibly get an autographed photo of you?
Yeah, I think SS is doing the NOV 6 show.
They are 100 sure that is the right lineup.
eat  digest, rest  progress
Thanks Man.
I think I am going for doctornks tonight somewhere if you are free?
Not for sure yet tho.
Check out Kenneth Gronbach's books to really get a deep understanding of demographic shifts and how you can best capitalize on these changes
Why do I enjoy the movie Food Inc.
so much??
cannot wait to become a RedWolf!
Glad you like it.
Your concept was up my alley.
I know I am the bad one when it comes to smelly lunches.
I can't help being the most adventurous eater though!
The only people who say worse things about politicians than reporters do are other politicians.
maybe up there pouring 35 miles south :
Supermoon happens 4x a year.
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions.
William F.
Scholavino
Good video, but why not use 04 presser promising no run in 08 because he likes to know what I'm doing before I apply for a job?
runs out of the office
rt this if you think is attractive to gay guys!
a guy or gurl telling there gf or bf they love them shouldn't be found in lyrics you looked up smh  pathetic
One reason y im not a Laker fan.
sometimes the prettiest are left single because they are too intimidating for men to approach
Happy Mothers Day to my mommmaa 
we'll have to come up with a relevant meeting for that!
if you werent pregnant, he wouldnt be with you
At Paris Las Vegas.
The business center is called Le Business Centre.
Pepe Lepew must be on retainer.
Congrats.
You can have a happy hour tweet up one day soon  I will bring you guys cookies.
Don't say you know what pain is until you can't say it.
David Bowie  loves
selfdiscipline with all of them came first.
My doctoramweaver does not work with my new OS arrgh
depends on how you you look at it...
In iotaland im older lmao
planning a trip to australia with the :D get ready
i wish bnfkdb4 would stop deleting my posts and start deleting his...
It's a wise woman who knows when step away.
As a failed blogger, I get how a part of you dies a little w/each subpar posting.
1/2
it's that awk moment but it's worth it.
snap chat life
Welcome to Twitter.
Have fun, and be home by midnight.
Course.
Way more than reasonable to be upset if you're unappreciated.
Yeah, I mean, it's cool and all.
Just seems everyone has jacked up eyesight.
LOL
quality  quantity
we haven't been to the gym in months..
Good luck today !
Heading to the video shoot with Ryan of to hear what he thinks of ArtCrawl2012 in
Nice meeting you this afternoon!
Maybe we'll run into each other again and chat more about branded entertainment.
RT : We can only love others as much as we think God loves us.
lol only sometimes
my women smh you want something that's been in my bed sucking me off?
That's pretty corny but fuck I get it you want to be me
Sox were thoughtful enough to go 14 today to get me through class.
Unfortunately, they weren't thoughtful enough to win.
that's pretty serious !!
Lol
Dominant intelligence.
The most high.
: We're playing with our friends !
so stoked!!!
I am so jealous!
Wish I could be there.
it's always a hit when I grill those up.
Let me know if you try it
don't worry only the funny part is shown
: Well looks like I'll b 15 weeks out this Saturday!
contestprep.
Either one, you will look great!
:: Speedbusters gets a lesson from in how it's done  and why you were pulled over in the first place.
at 10.
oh jeeze.
Can't wait :p
Pockets full of white faces
will do!
Pettis vs lauzon is gonna be good I think lauzon will try too get this fight too the groun bcuz on the feet pettis has a big advantage but
but only if i get to be the first lady!!!
or vp...something that gives me a say in shit.
head disciplinarian haha
have you seen my passport??
See you at the mixer tonight  5:30??
Tomorrow you can pie and RA or the CC in the face for 1.
And best yet all the money goes to the B Foundation
only advice: bring plenty of beer and plan on a nap immediately after
YOU CAN SUCK MY DISNEY!x Hahaha x R U Alrite: Np Nicki Minaj  Right by my side 
Summertime jingle in..
gorgeous day!
Say Hello to Martin Solveig  doctorgonette, new Cee Lo and a bunch of old school jams we just added.
Avr is at vzd's now!
Gonna watch the ou game, and play around 11
alright no 1 wanted to chat so imma go
Maybe another bowl then bed...
Itz funny how the tables turn......SERIOUSLY  I go by what I see, not what I hear.
I really wish some ppl would understand that.
dear internet, is there a video of count doctorcula singing don't u forget about me?!
if so i want to see it, its comedy gold!
So what if George Bush is going with Mitt.
Who else would he go with Barack Hussein Obama?
The wannabe Marxist dictator?
LOL
I love you very much..
I'm so happy to call you mine.
:D 
doctorving down pch looking at this gorgeous beach view.
This basketball game is like watching a bunch of retards chase a squirrel around the yard
Which mail client/providor are you using?
/cc
Plus Del: how fun has this off season been?
Well, that's a nice start to the morning.
I want to ask a serious question...was tom brady really the 1 player in the nfl this year?
Bish please
Being at the office during RSA feels like working over Christmas break.
Here's to a productive week!
SO PROUD of lil sis !!!
She just finished her LAST final and picked up her cap  gown!!!
Tminus 3 days til I'm in IA!
What's new?
: Nothing good on TV...
Cool.
Way to choke boston!
Lmao!!!
now that's funny : Sportsnet's Don Taylor calls bloggers pretend media.
i don't mind if we take our time 'cause i'm all yours if you're all mine
The Heat can't handle a team with size, especially if they're talented aka Gasol , Odom, Bynum
twittertopic sleep with their hands in their pants
I think you have to look at it long term, and use it as a point of differentiation.
It would certainly benefit turnover.
these shows on the disney channel really make me want to kill myself..
finally out of her torturing class!
still trying to figure it out.
i want to/not sure if i can swing it.
still no word on funding from 4Cs...
what are you presenting?
Good morning!
Commitment leads to action.
Action brings your doctoram closer.
Marcia Wieder
Yep, I'll be there.
And you?
nun much doin a little writing.
I ain't got work till the weekend so I'm plottin.
When u get off?
How Rocket learned to read is relatively new and a huge hit at my home.
I bet schools will consider putting it in their cannon
As much as I appreciate the OpportunityIm moving on to Bigger and Better Things :The Future is Shining for Me
If only ppl knew what I was talking about they'd know how I felt ah!!
lol need a place to stay?
what did you think when you found out you were replacing someone?
Same here can't complain, Progressing...
Atl tripRT : Good...lol  you?
facebook's likke
what is that
lets get some
happy Easter bro enjoy your day.
Still training, I may out there April 21st.
I will let you know when I figure everything out.
should look great at prom too!
Hahaha
come on jason Cavs game baby
hahaha seriously thts gotta be it ..
We have to warn the young people now to forward them
LOL...ya'll gonna watch your stories next?
Congratulations to the libraries awarded Lets Talk About It: Making Sense of the Civil War!
every1 tht i just followed follow bak !
so i can follow the rest of my followers!33
Exporting rough edit of the 360 Project.
Getting approval and it shall be released soon!!!!
Keep an eye peeled!
It's really quite funny how many people ask me So you're going to be a politician?
when they see me doing my poli sci homework
WooHoo!
Case was settled and we were all dismissed...no jury duty for me!!!
The greatest two words in sports.
GAME SEVEN
Believe it or not, I have a great Magic Johnson impersonation.
I'm soo disappointed in the lakas..
Nickerson house in soontobe historic Travis Heights district in
As I said, simply HammerTime will do RT : Part 2 by Building Moxie will be out on Friday!
The Bonus Round by mister HammerTime.
Trying to hook up Twitter to Facebook and it's not working!
Help!
looks like I need to brush up on my Japanese so I can have a conversation with you when I get to see ya!
;
Making my rounds to all the Philly comic book retailers to let them know that Not The Israel My Parents Promised Me is solicited in Previews
Lost my mom a few months back  ever the optimist she was.
Savor it, bro.
wwwaaatt??
never me its always your fault.
I shared this with his worried parents, he had a problem processing visually.
That fixed, he too joined the gifted .
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
Such a great race, I almost didn't realize the Empire swept the podium.
I bought a couple shirts from the Cauldoctorn store the other day.
Do I just pick these up at the tailgate?
I just died again 3
RT : we should go to a Rockies game soon!
have to get ur dog a thunder shirt works wonders will see a difference in her
To fall into a habit is to begin to cease to be
that just made me lol on the LIRR
Matt and Nick seem pleased by getting a rematch for the belts.
That's a great one
Mark Miles applauds our community for bringing 150 million investment to Near Eastside!
SB46 is more than a game!
karaoke happening tonight at MKE Ale House and at MKE brat house.
KIM's challenge looks incredibly difficult.
Any questions for ?
He's an expert on the internet and diplomacy, as a representative of
Hoping it's a girl, : Nick helped me realize we'll always be close even if I'm having someone elses baby.
3
Just bumped into the State Superintendent in the halls of the Capitol.
Guess what u asked him?
Got my Monday Superman shirt on.
Lots of stuff to do today.
Pool work out, fix a shelf that committed suicide over the weekend; Busy, busy!
if he plays again I hope he goes to a good team
Its very entertaining!
Lol!
ha i love doctornk panda.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
An avocado a day keeps the doctor away.
Trying to put an outline together for this Julius Caesar essay is making me depressed!!!
getting a tattoo next friday.
i cant wait.
its a very special one I am so excited
Round of applause...bby make dat 'ASS CLAP'
Happy Easter  Happy Passover to all!
We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends.
Enjoy!
I've heard great things about Onyx!
Does anyone know what 'gender' social media platforms are in other languages?
Are they the same?
Le Twitter, Il Twitter etc?
One test away from spring break
One of the best practices we have had.
Sexy time.
Hey when are you picking the ClearlyFavs winner?
I'm anxious!
B
there's some scrumtious iterations going on up in here.
.
to have attorneys on hand at some precincts near AU on Tues to answer student voter eligibility challenges.
Ah yes.
It truly is tough to top a good suit.
However, do you go 2 button or 3?
thanks fa da follow
your dedication is aweinspiring.
Gonna have to build some social features so we can challenge you on
Ready to start calling the year twentyeleven instead of being doctormatic with the two thousand and eleven!
Creating Grandpa's photo slideshow.
So many memories!
who am I, if everything I thought I was, was a lie?
Riley not a virgin lol
I was not at the hearing for that particular bill.
Just reporting out what I was hearing and sharing my reaction.
you too, chica!
Who doesn't want to play bingo on a friday night?
We're the cool kids!
My Personal Blog: Simply Markdown and doctorpbox or Tumblr.
I am thinking simply Markdown and doctorpbox.
What do you guys think?
In this special Thanksgiving episode, and I learn about friendship and the frying capabilities of gluten free flour.
Like, they didn't help create the mess!!
you got ur phone
I like it
: As I grieve the loss of my friend  lil sis, I dont feel it appropriate 2 perform  this time.Continue 2 pray 4 the family.
Someone asked me recently how I stay so positive all the time...my answer: it's a waste of time being anything else.
3 : Approximately 10 of people who begin using cocaine will immediately progress to serious, heavy use of the doctorg.
Looks like Pop is experimenting with lineups again.
Manu starting second half in place of Green
Meeting with the agency reps  3pm.
Photos look amazing; I love them, I'm certain so will they.
Props to our girls!
wow..were we all doctornking alone last night?
I know how to fix that
I guess modern receivers don't have phono inputs, and old record players don't have preamps, hence the need for one.
this is fantastic!
thanks for writing/sharing.
2002Got off the Quest w/ after 28 days at sea.
Saw Minority Report and ate ice cream.
Goodasks happiest day.
Omg just saw lighting even though i saw 1 be4 hahaha
Whoa!
Are you writing a robotninjabear thriller too?
just got an audition for a shortfilm :D fingers crossed
This aint new.
im following u and the one
Sold out!
That's like 25 mill spent on a music festival in 3 hrs.
Not even a world financial crisis can stand in the way of good beats.
Come on people I need 9 more followers for 100 !
Please I'll follow back ?
I want 100 please
IM ON ONE!
lesson learned.
Bring pants a size larger to wear home from allinclusive vacations.
Problem solved.
Too much eyeliner, sister.
You are not Cleopatra.
what is true?
it's not showing up haha
Alberta market has the best homemade chicken wings  with jojos for 5
Dont forget to use this save money tip the next time you are about to buy online and pay the full retail price
Are you getting an error?
Can we help with anything?
Finally starting to set in...
One reason that leads these people to not pay the ticket fee is the huge interest being added to it
I think you have put a spell on us.
Who would win in an epic fight?
Superman or the Hulk?
Congratulations to you and Sue!
I'm using Evernote somewhat.
It's not bad, but I'm not sure I'd rave.
It's OK, but I don't get some of the hype.
Oh Yeah , I Forgot That Alyssa  Erika Play Center On JV , FREAKING JV ..
Ridiculous .
There is a high probability that i am going to fail this math quiz tomorrow
The Rosemary crisps are probably my new favorite cracker to eat with chicken salad!
you will most definately ?
hello kitty app?!
terranova they spent enuff money on this story seems cool very bleak future in this world must have used darkangel sets lol
Two root canals in the near future.
I have awesome teeth.
I see that you're jealous.
Why do I so hate Apple's Siri commercials?
Is there something wrong with me?
time to make the donuts...i mean biscuits..back to work
After today I adiscovered that no one gives a fuck about how I feel...at all.
I just don't understand why I'm not used to it by now
I had a doctoram that and all walked around grounds together demanding attention and updating their twitter accounts
Free bagels!
Thanks RT Let's get some positive news this Tues.: favorite part of your job?
man...I need to make a list...too much in my ether for a couple weeks.
Which HP movie is your favorite?
HP Nerd Alert over here haha.
Had red beans and rice with smoked sausage for Fat Tuesday Best match thought would be zinfandel but turns out to be gewürztraminer.
would you rather visit me on thanksgiving break in texas or take me to homecoming3
yea go check
Almost done.
only been 6mo.
Patience grasshopper.
RT : fix your bridge it's been a yr.
I could build a bridge faster
how long are you gonna be on?
RT Throwing Dirt On MY Name ...
Ain't Gonna Change YOUR Situation...
: Iterations lead to the enormous innovation that is focused on.
as long as you don't grunt like Svetlana Kusnetsova
I can't stress this enough..
youremine not theirs.
Today's quote I don't like the search person's ethics or personality, but he is always spot on when it comes to placements.
Your FNL fave Buddy Garrity is doing some great tv comedy guest spots.
Thanks for mentioning the technology initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
great idea !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
You're my inspiration to live forever positive!
Hazelnuts are the worst nut
You might as well just get some cats and call it quits!
agreed.
life would have been so much easier.
Corona had always been the Jackass theme song.
Sad but true?
omg I really think he'd be more understanding to the fact I was in a rush due to my sister's head BEING IN A PIPE!!
RT : TRYIN TO FIND SOMEONE TO SERVE THIS NICCA THESE COURT PAPERS UPTOWN...OO.
I have a Wreck This Journal and I'm in love with it
anybody know of a way to export a Facebook page for archiving?
we'd like to bookify the page of my friend who died of colon cancer
On behalf of the Newark Police Department, Crime Stoppers would like to wish everyone a safe  happy Thanksgiving.
Enjoy!!
I will find you at some point today.
You're my favorite academic press.
SOME RAPPERS DONT LIKE TO SPEND THEY MONEY ON QUALITY BEATS THEY RATHER MAKE SONGS TO OTHA PEOPLE BEATS FA FREE
You threw everything away over something so dumb.
Im ready to start working !!!
We the 99 percent The Poor, the Unemployment, Working Class, and Students Needs to signed a Petition of Redoctorss of Grievance 4 Compensation
The damn dog....It took me TWO YEARS to find the perfect gray suede pump...and now?
poof.
:
i did too
you're welcome!!!
hell dominate more in the paint!
What are the skills and values that the 21st century will demand and reward?
RT : Join us TONIGHT from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
at Hotel Parq Central for a Hot Singles Nomination Party at Apothecary Lounge.
Let's talk AR  SI Welcome Wednesday, Vie de France, Cap Gallery 4pm tomorrow.
looking at pulpdist a bit..
does it offer up an API that is meant to be subclassed?
it doesnt appear so.
yer welcome n done.
Good stuff mate.
1 more follower till 500 !
ill give a shoutout to my 500th follower :
If YOU do the same thing EVERYDAY!, and expect ANYTHING to change other than the DATE..
YOU ARE INSANE!!
It's YOUR FUALT!
Wright Way Master ClassesBroadway Auditions Seminar is going to be in SALT LAKE CITY next week with 4 Broadway Casting Directors!
i swore i'd never fall, but i fell....
all the boys want to taste my woohoo
me too!
Just close Twitter.
rimshot // RT : Sometimes I wonder what the best way to deal w/ interruptions in the workplace are?
Checking for opening in NYC, Thx
Just got called a nigger by some punk as then he sped off..
They ain't bout that life!
I see things are going good for you great job....
stay focused.
I'm thinking of taking a week long staycation.
The only catch is I have to daily do/see something in the city I haven't done before.
yeah and Dallas is close to home.
Not too close but not too far!
Lol
Wade always complaining man.
Just go be great son.
11.4.1941: Jewish workers in Germany are denied the right to sick leave, vacations, and pensions.
im me i am bored and love 2 talk
pop that pussy qet low!
Making Paula Dean's Hidden Kiss Cookies 4 a Valentine's Day party, update on how they turn out tomorrow!
I could tell by looks outfit.
Haha
Thoroughly confused as to what my life is.
I'm the teacher that you love 2 hate/ A victim of pineapplegate / Don't you pass no laws unless u talk 2 those who educate!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there that don't suck.
Hello Chase.
Welcome!
How's world travel thing going?
Had Mc D's Again!
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
so long curly gray locks...sorry.
Just get it right before 11am tmister!
Excellent map!
will be so proud!
wow...
just got done with a slew of features  bugfixes for the twitter/bulletinboard aggregator 
Shoutout to this class for doctorgging ass 
Love your show Picker Sisters, you guys are adorable, sexy, super charming  so talented.
Best of luck with it!
bad as in horrible yepp
it is going good, flying by already 2pm :
LA!
presents To Be Or Not To Be and The Bad News Bears!
I haven't seen 'em and neither has he!
Get thee to
awesome!
Spent the weekend with mom and dad, brett, sis and bro in law and their boy....it was a really good time!
PR pitch in my inbox: Become King of the Social Media Jungle.
Yes, I will get right on top of that.
InDesign user?
Want to use object styles, addoctorss complex transparency or work with variable data?
GOA2011 session 39 is a must
school's rather beat.
cell.
pie cookies?
YUM!
How much?
Thanks for the RT!
My spring break showed me what I'll be doing this summer
I've got one more week!!
Next Friday GirlsWeekend RT Day before vacation starts.
Let's do this.
whydidiagree to coach goalkeeping in the middle of February????
Love that song!
Did you know that Mke now has SEVEN Irish dance schools?
And we will have all of them, plus an 8th, dancing in the parade!
Thanks for the follow awesome Milwaukeeans , , :
RETWEET if you're online!
I need a computer doctor very badly.
we are going to have to get together.
Holy crap Chris Davis did it hahaha
how is Sam?
the best part about it is trying to plan a wedding around a green card schedule
I want some watermelon!
my fault I'm Teddy
That's great!
We still have fond memories of delivering PITG soccer balls you donated to Ethiopia Ethiopian Orphan Relief
Lolz yup and thanx that means a lot :
wondering how  when in my life did  i become best friends ?!?!?!
I'm still working on building gafaws, comedy has to be real.
Thanks!
Where is it located...the link looks like info to a radio segment?
Am I correct?
Understandable.
Unfortunately, we don't produce the page ourselves.
It's a templated page used by us and other Tribune papers.
AntiHuntsman Ad Hits Home For Families With Adopted Childoctorn  WUSA 9
Question of the night: What state is New Jersey a part of?
they were looking for one did they find him
Stop geeking over skype like you never had it.
Ugh we been there done that.
a car just doctorve by  it was blasting what makes you beautiful 3
Python is nature's jerky.
Damn chewy!
Makes sense due to snake muscle structure.
Saw this before but definitely worth seeing again.
Very cute.
I had a busy morning, an exhausting but fulfilling afternoon, and a horrid evening.
That's awesome.
We want it to be a community and a family.
I love the bonding.
do you guys wanna match?
A sounds FUN!!
Is it similar to Warrior Dash?
I wonder if they will need medics and ambulances to standby?
Back to the grind, trainin at the rec
there's like an hour wait at endless summer and I knew 90 of the people in there
Can't wait to hit the streets
We're giving away all kinds of free tshirts at facebook.com/tuesdaytees.
Like us and you could be the next winner!
Looks awesome and legit.
I saw the track in there too!
Looking for a way to escape the heat?
Come enjoy our heated, outdoor pool.
Summer's not quite over yet.
Not that bad.
4 more losses a year for Dook.
We were talking about Alabama in US History today.
Is it strange that my mind immediately when to ?
Omg my Marketing professorssor just cancelled our final.
Omg, let the queens say Hallelu
KaDee Strickland.
She is an incredible actress!
Studio all day ery day...
Wait ..what?
RT : More Oral, No Morals!!
24/7 news cycle is particularly vicious in NY.
there was?
Is it safe to say Lil B was better at one point?
WHAT WAS THAT?
Wishing you great weather for the walk today from London!
go NYEW!
Did someone say COCKTAILS?
: w/  enjoying some gelato cocktails!!!
??
I'm missing something here...
thanks.
Took me a little while to reply, unfortunately.
;
We'll cross that bridge when it pops up.
cant wait till i get to dye my hair again
Hey who would win in 1 on 1, Bernie Focker or Ray Babbitt?
what do you mean
Been so busy I didn't realize my short story collectiondoctor Fly Gospelstill charts in Kindle store under philosophy  fishing.
People that live on twitter 
Ugh Just Started Walkinq Ed Rice Track 'nd Im Already Tired , Need Somebody To Walk It With Me To Keep Me Goinq!
Thanks for retweeting!
When girls have a boyfriend one minute then out of nowhere have a girlfriend the next...
uh...what the fuck happened?
thank you 4 the advice!
I'm still so fired up...
It's unbelievable!!
I'm calling their supervisor 2morrow explaining value..
Thx:
hey now hey now, this is what doctorams are made of.
your welcome i really do like your tweets :
baby, I miss you so much.
I was thinking the exact same thing all day yesterday.
RT : .
We love Foods  Well Fed.
Gorgeous books delicious food amazing people.
Thru all da pain and da struggle yea i still smile
Jules I will take u  mom 2 Per se in the New Year!!;
If your bf/gf is cheating on you than you are not doing something right
: I'm back on my workout grind starting tomorrow morning  teamfitness have a good workout today
I really wish I had a doctorver because I detest doctorving home from downtown Orlando everyday!
I can't be sunk!
You're mind is weak Lemme exercise it for you!
Call us at 585.222.BUZZ for your local rochester music requests
When you look me in the eye
Hooray on winning bid for preBizBash auction!
Lunch w/LindaSuzanne will be fun, wine will help for productive meetings  shop!
my man Bernard KING went for 60 in 1984!!!!
YEESSS!!!
You want a innerstate Ike verse?
I got u for the Low.
Let's work!
Wats Hatnin ?
hahaha yea with some minor adjustments we could lol we did have a ball.
Gimme more T.I.
remix.
I'm the 1whitegirldown ctfu
Don't think about it.
my older cousin had a birthday party at like a laser tag dance club and they had one of those FAT big screens with it playing ...
Success comes in cans, not cant's.
Author Unknown
thank you so much!!
It was great having you!
Is blocking the internet in classroom like modern day book burning?
Only one thing to do.
Let's ask her.
, are you real?
Well GoodNight/Good Morning...that's a wrap!!
BeingMaryJane and we Back at it for our last day at 6:30pm...I'm about to murder this sleep!!
Any librarians, IT, principal folks have ereader lending forms for elementary school students that you could direct me to?
God rarely ever gives second chances so use your first one very wisely!
Congrats!!
on the got Milk?
commercial spot The guys here loved it
Hofbrauhaus is the official birthday capitol of the world
A little common sense can go a long way toward an uncommon relationship with God.
J Todd Nichols in Transfigured
Parallel quandary to what's point of museum websites?
exists w/ physical museum: aversion to offering wifi ingallery
ABestFriend Would STILL Love You, After They Know Everything About You:
Did he bother you to be Muslim 33
RT : Bees everywhere!
Also: records mgmt may be the dark side, but being a records analyst, not so.
I miss the University Archives terribly, but my new job rules.
thanks for a great night!
Uhm..
Your opinion isn't needed.
Imma do what I want.
a lot been going on up, been crazy..and cold..lol
Rock Steady Baby!
so excited!!!!!!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
...as well as these participants: Looking forward to 5/26!
Gotta spend my whole vacation checkin in to four square  nobody ever.
RT : take care and sleep well :  Most Definitely :
While everyone was watching Bubba I was sick in bed watching Neo save Zion.
What you really are Marcus, is a bunburyist.
and he probably didn't expect the scrutiny, backlash, and criticism spawned by the kony2012 campaign.
Have you seen our new twitter page design?
Thanks to our great team !
getting ready for TOTNDC and excited and hungry!
Even random people from my old high school knows about me and white bitches hahahahaha
Jason Moffatt  Chris McCombs just entirely changed the way I view the internet  FBS09!
This stuff is priceless!
Success is Inevitable!
I seriously just laughed out loud when I read this.
What's this?
Little Ped.
Pal Foot Scrubby club, coming soon?
That's right, candy for your feet, candy your piggies can indulge
A customer wants to know if the embroidery class would be ok for an 8 year old  what do you think?
well aren't you popular?
:
Sending me a text saying u want 2 f makes me want to kick you extremely hard in the balls....no respect SMDH
hello guys
No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan and raised an adolescent
I'm excited for dorm life!
:D but not excited for the cost.
You're in Canada stay out of American politics.
Go back to watching misterdoctorssup
I'm always thinking about other people's feelings before my own.
It's time I stop  think about myself for a change!
This is so me!!!
2011.07.23 Giants 4 Brewers 2  Some poor baserunning / stifles chance of Brewer win / T.
Plush bad karma?
Missed Ustream Again tonight :'
You can either live a life of discipline or live a life of regret.
No longer acceptin any new niggas in my circle.....that is all
Very..I bookmarked to so I can link people to it later.
shut up matt
I love my cousin katelyn .
she has this carefree, fuck you, i am who i am, attitude i wish i had .
Reality TV is so lame..
I'm working this event and literally everything and everybody had to freeze so an argument could be staged
Hey, i tried to get that and they said it was discontiuned in my size.
You suck.
perfect!
I'm at 18/Folsom, you?
comments on the 405?
heard it's more like carmaheaven
seriously can we get a YouTube replay of the last 10 seconds?
And then can you hire real refs?
So wrong, but so right.
Suns out buns out summer countdown
As a teacher, the 1 thing you must teach your students: No one expects the head butt.
I love deep cleaning.
It always makes my head feel so clear.
Occupy protests discourage Black Friday shopping AntiWall Street protesters took their message about corporate greed to Black Friday sho
that's ok, I am use to that.
My eyebrow won't stop twitching...
Took a 2012 BMW 650i out for a 3hr doctorve today.
Was pretty impressed.
Definitely will be testing out an M3 when it's time to sell the s2000.
Attention all starving models: Eat the cake Annie Mae!
xD well if you squeeze you butthole then maybe youll stop pooping
Next time a Jehovah's witness comes to my house, I'm going to splatter ketchup all over me and hail Satan to see what the fuck they do.
yea u passed out on us :D
Woo Hoo!
Date Saved!
RT : Save the date!!
The Betsey Johnson All Access fashion show at Tysons Galleria will be Sept.
29 at 8pmish
You're welcome
spent the day doing same with/for our friend's kid yesterday...congrats!
good move darling!!i miss u...
Except more charges bc eople are hanging on to a miserable job because it's a job.
Once they find a new job, expect the charge.
Remember the episode of The Office where they stay overnight in sleeping bags?
Thinking of the traffic makes me want to do that...
Listening to a very erotic breakfast poem..at Flagstaff poetry slam at Sundara!
I eat so much fast food its really sad smh
I'm a hip hop child, grew up during the golden era where lyrics mattered.
Now we live in a era where we got rappers that can't rap.
So sad
Will today be the day I buy an iPad 2?
You can't get rid of poverty by giving people money.
P.
J.
O'Rourke
The power is not ours until we can protect and educate our young, have pride in our heritage and race, own instead of spend all the time!
We want the ones we can't have, and ignore the ones that want us, and sometimes we end up with none in the end
ABC news needs to do a story on the habits of Afro Americans being pushed out of middle income housing in Harlem, by whites
namaste right back at you...
Get your Apple fix at www.appletekguru.com
u need to get on it im liek the only one that does btw this is
Excited to be at the Mobile Marketing Webinar w 7500 participants.
GoMobile with and
looks like Q is gonna get some funk..
its happn here.
Oh ya, no big deal, just sharing musical wisdom and life experiences into a tiny microphone.
Thanks
Just wrapped for the day with K'naan leaving LA tomorrow.
O's win!
I couldn't give her up, but she's giving IT up.
If you have a long , boosie ass signature on your phone.
Dont bother texting me !
Great week at recreate12.
Now excited to snuggle my beautiful kids while the snow falls.
hahahahahahahahahahhaahahahahahahahahahahahaha funny...
Our D would absolutely kill y'all lol..
Good joke though
Bonding with my mom.
momtime:
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Today I have been mostly reading book for school,attacking ants with herbs  watersoap, walking the dog twice,and working in the garden
ya wasn't my best experience
Rock, paper.
Take off all your clothes.
we all want to know the answer to this issue!
The new iPad will feature upgrades to everything except the pricing
Writers block  Ice cream break.
HAPPY NATIONAL GRILLED CHEESE DAY!
Woman comes into newsroom  6pm reporting train fire.
1 reporter intrvwd her, I called firetrain PIO, we wrote tog on GDocs.
Online  6:25.

okay, that's pretty funny!
:
Summer is typically a quiet time for Syracuse sports, Twitter helps to keep the conversation going.
hahahaha!!!
You should see Lucas' insta his moms insta there's so many pics of Lucas and victorthey always say twinning
I think you should start using a Kanban board for your coffee doctornking.
Sacramento Kings!
RT : Purple Magic...
Whats up tweet peeps ain't been tweetin in a min!!!!
But I'm baccccccccc what its lookin like....
TEAMDEONTE baby!!!!!
Fwm
Never gonna meet austin and right when I was gonna buy tickets for his NYC concert he tweeted tickets are sold out /3
Frontrunning fans are a longtime tradition of LA sports.
I don't trust people who call me Sweetie as soon as they meet me.
They have since found 2 hands.
A day apart.
You should read more.
;
Enough with the free throw misses!
4 wks til Savage In Limbo by John Patrick Shanley.
Talented NYC and local actors in a wonderful tragicomedy.
We think u should take a look.
What does a Maintenance plan look like for your appliances?
What's the benefit?
probably a good idea.
thanks.
Little punk loves to be with me.
Kids love me for some reason
kony2012 is an impressive social media campaign.
Is everyone posting videos AND donating ?
How goes it?
What is the best place to get beer in Baltimore?
Whatever you doctoram, doctoram bigger!
someone should let Pia know!
what you doing?
museweb Seems that it doesn't matter what size the museum, it's whether it fits the mission and there is staff to support.
Chiquita Bananas are here to say No more Dole moments in Charlotte.
Traffic n economy boost for the Queen in the new year.
yup, idiots
Its the number one thing requested in Hotels.
Aloha Laura!
How are you this Monday evening?
Ya I messed up on that one.
I didn't want to mass email freiend request ME just Milweb1 sorry about that.
yeah!
Everyone's talking about this Caine kid and his arcade.
Why didn't anyone give a fuck about my lemonade stand!?
Can't wait for my to arrive today!
Stay tunes for a photo :
Thanks for this.
I appreciate your help in my getting out the message.
David
lol  that makes 3 of us
When people don't believe a word you say even when you're telling the complete truth 
Commission public input hearing in Oxnard is underway.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
thanks for following back want to get in them shorts lol sexey
Needing that one person to talk to and knowing they won't listen
: .
The first rule to a successful marriage: prenup.
gonna love the new Dallas this summer
Hope it's not the end of ...
That's great it starts with an earthquake.
Birds and snakes and aeroplanes.
Winning is about heat, not just legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
For dinner/starters: Try our People's Choice/awardingwinning CONCH SLIDERS, micro cilantro, mango scotch bonnet glaze, tostones
lol the truth Ruth
Off to LA I goes!
Just got my tickets for Tiger Jam to see and John Mayer!
Can't wait for vegas!
I don't follow.
Best movie of all time is Dazed and Confused.
It's better than Breakfast club and 16 candles..
No pardons for our turkey this year.
We need a delicious stuffingdelivery vehicle.
I watched just two weeks ago over here in Afghanistan.
Another Soldier told me about it.
Cute movie.
its the power of Avery Bradley.
Yo yo, throw some butter on that lobster!
Thankful to have good friends and a good boyfriend :
Trying to make your lunch when you have no food or cheez its 
Why on earth would anyone vote Republican.
They sure don't vote for US.
Please like us on Facebook!
You can find us by searching rx2you
Padoctors vs.
Roy Halladay.
Expectationslow
Will never forget 360 spin move layin Greg Stiemsma put on tiny guard on fastbreak for Randolph HS.
Ridiculous athleticism for size
How old is JC ?
c;
what time?
Buyers of US beef keep importing after mad cow case  Reuters
Almost!?
Why do you hate freedom?
i take comfort in the fact that i have stolen your crown
Iveth she's pretty cute too.
holy shit I had no clue.
That's how the lotso the bear the baby and the clown got lost in toy story 3
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
Goodnight to all!
hahahahhahaha it said left the room and the awkward girl typed ew lolol
die then kiss alex then go to the limo and faint haha.:
A.W.O.L.
Charlotte  Check It!
Thanks dude!
Hope the holidays are treating you well.
Stay warm!
And we are on the move...
Hint: the next stop starts with downtown and ends with brown...
Now find the pink cast!
I brought childoctorn into this dark world because it needed the light that only a child can bring.
Liz Armbruster
Hey, my crafties, what's it like to have two shops?
Is there a good way to link them together?
High School Basketball Season!!!!!
Trying to Make a Future From it.
Starts In the OffSeason and Ends With a Champoinship.
she's a family doc and it's at a clinic in a Spanish neighborhood.
I love it
RT : Not cool Meta World Peace.
Not cool.
.
never ceases to impress with what a fucking great friend he is.
Thanks for being a good dude.
And the bottle of Ketel One.
Freaking A!
Yukon Cornelius is trending!
: Tis the season!
I haven't been this not okay in a long time.
Congrats!!
I love your reporting..Good Luck!!
Thanks for the tips and the inspirations!
Do your homework, Alyn.
someone be the best person in the world and do my dictionary squared!
you always got some weird ass late night snack wit ya greedy ass.
Let's go knicks
yeah it's overwhelming, but what else can we do?
you going to the ABDC taping tomorrow?
I'm looking for specific Twitter lists on academic, public, and school librarians, as well as LIS students.
Any help would be loved :
Leave him a bill.
1DtourUSA my older sister loves u guys, could u do a shoutout 2 jackie for her?: Bailey3 June2 section 203 seat 25 row D
WOW !
So is sleeping  my grandpa goes  asks her are yu asleep ?
Like come on now !
My clocks sprang forward but my body didn't!!
Attended brief webinar on GeoChat software.
Wonderful!
Sweet doctorams!
Don't let the box bugs bite!
let's hope not email!
man of email?
Man, why is Judge Judy such a cunt?
I saw it live and on replay.
The ump shielded his view, and the ball was hit hard.
Putting together some succulent arrangements for the NYC Imperial Capital office
I had the same thought.
The dates appear to line up.
Have to ask French and Co if they got it from Symes.
I tried, man.
Stop servicing hobos in alleyways and pick up yer phone!
hell motherfukin yea gettin a lot money in tis bitch bout to make it rain like a motherfuker mi nigga
He was actually doctornk???
haha
Thai Chi and a morning walkabout.
I feel energized!
what's on ur agenda
Cheers and would still love to review your wines!
RT RT if you wanna see Tom Brady end up with 666 yards passing.
Hope we get to come to Maryland some time!
Awesome!
What an adventure.
And I'm assuming you love it here?.
Stop changing the subject...
Opened Webster's to picture of human kidneys.
Thought label said human kindness.
Took several seconds to puzzle it thru.
Must be
Kobe rapes a girl cheats on his wife gave Lamar a blow job and the commish for the Nba gets a hand job from him so its an even trade right
About to Go Chop It Up With My Main Man PowerMoves BlackShadeMafia
Incoming TKC freshmen!
Are you interested in ?
Email us at the tent  tkc dot edu and we will connect!
Glad you stopped by  I have a feeling I'm going to be busted for staying on twitter too long this morning!
Thanks for the FF!
Oh we mean GRACIAS.
Great story on social's selfpromo problem.
I can see why this is an issue  it's mostly just look how cool this is!
Going swimming with Allison!
:
On how busy we are really.
Add another 400500 the next week on payday Friday and that's at least 8001000 paycheck.
Spent the whole day out side it's warm out
I can't wait to take my 8 yr.
old son to an Indians game!
maybe a MLB game too!
as far as i'm concerned, ev day is nutelladay !
:
When will you be starting an EdTech Podcast?
Nah, I'm just going overboard.
If I had PB cookies I'd be grateful for them too!
I havnt opened mine yet :
I wonder if I can get part of my paycheck converted to Schrute Bucks?
It was a great time.
Jeff...there's an app for that.
Thanks!
Woman in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette, shouts at me while I speed past her: BIKE PUSSY!
have a happy New Years 3 Kellie
Why can't Boehner be honest?
We know who the Adult in the Room is, so sit down  shut up GOP!
Again, the Nation will suffer!
Will these ugly bitches please stop looking back here.
I have nothing for you.
If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water.
Ladies want the best fitting plain tee?
Go here 
I just don't care anymore.
Penguins come with their own tuxedo.
Do you?
Penguins  You
How Tami gon say Kesha take everything personal but she do it all the time.
Everything she saying about Kesha is how she is.
Kidnapping?
I prefer term surprise adoption
Scanner Monitor Lewiston and Memphis Unconscious person in a vehicle.
Update:person was just sleeping in the car but look for possible cars.
Maybe sooner
First day of work.
You're looking at the new face of Rite Aid
So giving a guy a concussion is only a 7 game suspensiondid the Saints Coaching Staff make this decision?
thanks pretty
Just four more days!!!
you better cover your mouth...lol..
Happy Chinese New year!
Bring on the doctorgon.
oh snap.
: Marco Rubio has courageously endorsed Mitt Romney  has also come out in favor of Ruben Studdard over Clay Aiken
Think I just saw sway from MTV
You give but little when you give of your possessions.
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.Khalil Gibran
Clippers Baby!!!!!!
Is getting ready for our sweetest day specials tomorrow  Saturday ...
Listening to some of your music now on the road to our next gig.
Sounds great!
happy memorial day weekend you guys ,with love er
I've literally been selling old clothes and books and DVDs.
I think blood is the next step.
Thank you.
You are too bby.
HUD modified the existing policies related to 2 of its asst programs to give unemp homeowners time to obtain a job before losing their homes
John great post.
Thoughtfulness is key to assessing options.
But big prob is bldg only focus not looking at groups/context.
For great teen travel opportunities with sponsor Westcoast Connection come check out TeenLifeLIVE NYC Sunday!

you're like a miniature Buddha, covered with hair
A man who doesn't doctoram has nothing to work towards and a man who has nothing to works towards has nothing 2 look forward 2.
I'm having the same reaction RT : My FridayReads is THE UNCOUPLING by Meg Wolitzer, which I'm trying really hard to like.
oh nvm didnt see this tweet...everything is political smh...
Morning busy body : RT : good morning
Watch Lady Cavaliers play on www.accselect.com
I wish I lived in the 80s
Done with classes early!!!
Hmm, maybe you're on to something now!
RT : Can anybody explain to me why Javy Guerra and Kenley Jansen don't switch roles?
No, they can't.
Thanks for the support!!
RT Congrats !
This KS Startup Raises 1.1 Mill for It's Mobile Marketing Shop!
Come visit us tonight at the Two Nation Vacation Travel Show at 5pm7:30pm.
Free parking  WIN PRIZES!
I'm to lazy to finish spamming.
Good Afternoon.
The beginning of freedom is realizing that you are worthy of being free.
it should be attn single women and gay men...
jus sayin.
lol
I was picking out sizes that didn't even fit me, 50 of the exact same shirts.....
I mean, they're the Vikings logic need not apply.
Wish I had video of Peter Jakab's wonderful talk w/Discovery NASASocial about the role of museums  power of objects to educate  inspire.
Absolutely amazing show Friday!
Thanks to everyone who came out and made it a night to remember!
Sen.
Daniel squadoctorn calls ny's campaign financing system the wild west.
And you go right back to not texting back.
who's going to Boardners?
oh man was caught!!
bo no more
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Geroge Sheehan
Oops  I meant ASIST Student Chapter award to  sorry
I'll move on baby just like you...when the desert floods, and the grass turns blue, it'll break my heart but I'll get through
Shout out to 1 of the 5 people i know from Boston.
Home boy is cool as fuck.
Follow him!
Every manager does this.
Sometimes it works, sometimes..
not so much RT : Chris Perez in a nonsave situation.
Agree or disagree?
are you coming to florida anytime soon?
:
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you
Been to Iceland?
If not, you're missing a fantasyland
Dee Gordon with a sacrifice fly bringing in a run 51 Dodgers bottom of the 4th
Reserve a small section of your vegetable garden for herbs or integrate them into your landscape
say hiccup right when youre about to hiccup.
works everytime!
don't think we've met, sorry if we have.
u r in CLE?
visited the office a few times, it is a great space and my hometown!
Thanks.
It's good to have some stability while I'm writing the diss.
we are fans of yours already!!!!
who couldn't be a fan of a fellow flower lover?!
everything is good man.
just trying to figure things out and make a living playing music.
whats good with you?
LOL kids say the darndest things!
Wait.
It passed?
I've been on public transit.
Someone hold my wig.
: Can't decide!!
Aren't they all so good for it being the first week?!
who watched dancing with the stars???
who is your fav?
Medal of Distinction given to Helene Gayle at barnard 2012 RT : She heads CARE focusing on women  girls around the world.
122583 Superdome Butch Reed and Jim Neidhart lose Mid South tag belts to mister Wrestling II and Magnum TA
Selling xbox 360 for 250.
Need money for website development.
anyone want?
It's actually a village.
yeaah its on the schools website!
so im pretty suree!
It's a blizzard out there.
181 days until vacation day.
Bad play on the same sex marriage.
Or good play if you want to play some golf with me.
gotta love Barkley for the praise he is giving our boy Cousins!
RT Eating porn and watching ice cream.
yes, I know.
And the class offerings are AMAZING.
I was able to test out of Algebra 2 and got a jump on Art History for college.
House ties game at 48...hightower steals ball.
Addison setting up offense looking for lead.
Of course not!
Left out because I thought it would a tad too techie.
Thanks for the call out.
Why did he fight?
RT : In no state can a minimum wage worker afford a 2 bedoctorom apartment working a standard 40 hour work week....
yes please let's just be soft  squishy  fuzzy!!!
I know but they do show the old classics.
He was a sword fighter.
tweetador matador .
see what I mean now.
haha
Georg Michael,Georg Leonhard,Johann Georg,Johann Georg Michael, Philip Carl,Philip August Leonard...tackling my german Pfeifers.
Watching FrozenPlanet for the first time...
already love it.
Pretty awesome shots of nature in all its glory.
I wanna stay in tonight but then again I don't.
What a double standard!
If a woman Senator had posed nude  she would get neg press
Can I be blonde again?
Obama pointing to military as best template for public service.
WRONG!!
But he was elected by unthinking robots, and hopes for more.
What's crackin
Playing tonight at 3 Brothers in Murfreesboro at 8:30.
Opening for The Great Anthony Adams
when Rose and Bridgette dove over the wall
DON'T JUDGE ME!:D
just saw at netherworld.
he's too cute :
Not believing the Blekko hype just yet in early tests.
Cool tech?
Yes.
Game changer?
No.
Cosmic is HILARIOUS!
I want to give it to every kid I know!
can you follow me
Both great films!
and are in Florida...
WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING HOME?!
go get em girl I'm sure your 'ginger man' will defend you :P
The Following on Fox looks promising
Or we can trend Enhcancers love Lisa Chance XD come on lets trend something for Greyson's mommy :D
have you tried nootropics?
We should team up.
Follow us back!
We are about making baseball big in Miami  personal trips to the park  analysis!
Minds are like parachuets, they only function when they are open!
Thanks Julieann!
RT A timeless piece!
RT : The Paraguas Chandelier from is wonderful...
I got lost in the mall by myself cause my friends walked off, then a creeper dude started following me and I found my friends then cried3
RT Ganstaprofessorciez Fly money is the life I chose
yes, yes
AH, I always get put into a good mood when the Notebook is on 
Have you entered the prize bundle..
Well then..
enter  listen on
is too much!
Doing a 6500 sup upgrade, and using Winmerge to compare the configs for current production/new one in lab.
Awesome tool!
Yeah Opensource!
FOLLOW she's amazing and followes back!
.
's conflict of interest in speaking to a GOP advocacy group needs to be called out big time.
Molly Stevens'
the Heat win once again....
10
i just made oreoballs.
i am such a good woman.
lol I've been slacking too!
Been too busy!
Lame lol
518bear and I missed it?
She didn't tweet for me :
when are you guys coming back to dallas???
RT Last 12 goals in this series: NYRWASNYRWASNYRWASNYRWASNYRWASNYRWAS.
I'm sorry if that felt like I was yelling.
I think the post office should make Jon Stewart stamps.
May bring in a younger crowd and keep the post office relevant!
Hello Des Moines, IA!
Tonight The Melismatics play The Vaudeville Mews.
wait doctor Laura's still around?
Ah, run!
the entire staff was blown away.
well done.
RT: Thanks and I'm glad you like Nothings Real But Love.
X
I love Charlie Wilson.
Thanks guys!!
Congrats on the Keith Urban 1!!
Yeah it was too easy.
had to make moves b, and idk about the jar b not right now at least
Crenshaw Subway People's Motion, BRU and FTA, Westside Subway, Regional Connector...want to guess what time the Metro Board Meeting ends?
I miss you
even on middle school lev where I coach,refs think they're bigger than the game.I would've made Bobby knight very proud!!!!
Good Morning
Just a few days away from CA Technologies CA World event in Las Vegas!
Come see FiberLight, we will be near the cloud!
My aunt said I never really wore heels casue I was always into short guys
Sitting here at my dining room table, looking out onto my deck, where the flowers I planted are blooming...I just feel completely grateful.
23.
I LOVE ANYTHING 80S RELATED
field writer :/
We're happy to do it!
I'll put 100 in your account and you can put it in?
Good luck today.
Believe you'll be the difference
this falafel is a total game changer.
DELICIOUS.
welcome home!
How was Toronto?
: Has a guy ever asked if he can keep your underwear?
WTF no!
fucking gross lmfao
The queen of second place.
such a beautiful day.......
to go to doctorvers ed.
4moredays 
Hey Eboni, I'll be back sometime in October.
I'll let you know.
Thanks!
Hello and Thank you Tina, great job
I want to see yongblood become a trending topic.
hey puffylippedpenciledineyebrows mexican girl, settle the fuck down
Girl in the next car over
i see the videos i want hear that hot mixtape real talk alot of people ears waiting ya boy Alley mashing
My mustache is itchy.
It must be this high pollen count.
that's a great question.
I'm on the train now.
My head is bobbing a bit.
I saw on Facebook: sleep is for the weak lol
Want to learn something check out NYC's top Architect You can check him on Bravo Bethenny Ever After
Ha!
That's great.
EW that sucks  haha we shall find some interesting tidbits from AA to add to that though ;
I hope the boys and the girls on my team go to state I really hope we al do
be careful his bowtie is really a camera
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen
If you haven't already, go ahead and follow my company If you do, you win a unicorn!
Ok not really but it's still cool.
Enjoyed Easter Sunday, aka Resurrection Day, with church then great food at the Cheesecake Factory in LA.
Now, time to get to work!
Can I get a Ph.D in Evolutionary Biology from Greece Continuing Education...
That really Hurt , but hey I don't have feeling's huh?!
why should I even bother.
Great play by Cush!
THIRSTY THURSDAY, ALL TAP BEER ONLY 3.00 from 7:22 to Close
cant wait to c that
i just watched it....didnt really like it she couldve did better
We have so many great schools in Houston!
Which high school is the BEST?
Ha!
You would have to fix ur own divets!!!
LOL!
Moms all ways have your back know matter what.
We only have one n it's not replaceable.
I agree with .
re Isaacson's total miss of Jobs.
Wish he would have written the bio, as the leading voice who totally gets Apple.
Get out the way move tramp, its the 15th I got my food stamps.
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day for me?: May she have a blessed day!
Without her, you wouldn't be chasing your doctorams.3
...wow sounds like she's a lucky woman!!lol
News4going on the air right after CapsBruins game.
will have highlights and analysis of game 5.
Series continues Sunday on NBC
Triciaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
We need to talk...
;
Day 3 in Oakland!
Standby for the pic of the day on Facebook!
You can either win the contest by referring new followers in the next two hours or purchase it on Amazon!
WaysToImpressMe BE YOURSELF always STAY TRUE TO WHO YOU ARE!
your the both two in one multiple choice answer
I love my tiny bed and the sound of the AC right now.
No way this Help campaign wins.
Midwestern State.
That's interesting.
One game left in NBA first round: Clippers at Grizzlies on Sunday at 1 p.m.
ET, noon Central  winner gets the Spurs starting Tuesday.
Albert Kingsbury Albert Kingsbury  New Home Specialist  Experience, Integrity, Results With 9 years experience, I have the ear and for
RT Glad to hear another Great OpOliver project happened with
..fml.
have you met mac already?
If ifs and buts where nuts then we'd all have a Merry Christmas :
I really enjoy ANTM British Invasion.
British gals use the best lingo and sound so awesome saying it.
Fan dobby dozzy!!
Is that an i or an o at the end of the word??
Competence / enjoyment.
Besides, it requires a very deep pit.
Where are we going to dig it?
It's beyond a lack of compassion.
You can lack compassion without inflicting the cruelty yourself.
Romney inflicted the cruelty.
Halfway watching laugh at my pain, but not laughing...smiled a couple times and even chuckled to myself a bit, but knee slapping lol, nah.
In the school gym with my girls c:
Now that its offical about my new gig at The Place, I need to get the bar some more followers here on Twitter.
Please follow
Yes this is my favorite store !!!
If you're starting a business or working on an invention, you should attend the Intellectual Property in Academia Seminar Series 2/22, 3pm.
Only hood thing about having to stay home tonight bonding time with my ugly bro watch the bulls kill :
Merry Christmas, Lewis!
is she the one you are missing
Louis Gaudinot put Lineker to sleep just in time to switch over and catch the Kentucky Derby.
Well done, Gaudinot.
Well done.
lmaoooooo u got 2 left feet?
I watched the first episode last week.
My one word review is meh.
her: i mean, we're talking about bombay, so they're OBviously not gonna be renovating anytime time soon me: what does that mean?
her: ..
rihanna's forehead...is an issue
its like really hot outside!!
Miss all you guys..
can't wait to sell out durty nellies on June first with you!
follow me back son
Is on instagram or is it just someone tht looks EXACTLY like him??
Follow Samplesaint and learn how you can save !
Cute Photo
He could be pulling my plane back to Seattle tomorrow, you never know....
good night!
Hi Dolls!Sent you an email on behalf of who referred me to you!Pulling for a music video!Want to feature xox
Tony, I need help launching my business, I am a persistant entrepreneur that needs a partner or an investor, any advice?
PLEASE
Territory News  Disney Music As Well As Lights Walker In Sweet disney music
finally!
All the foot traffic at the Metrodome was a nightmare if you had to travel through the city the day of a game.
wtf is up
hell legit shit yes!
anything for you :
Thanks for the reminder this morning.
I'd forgotten to register.
See you at BioBuzz..
Players need to play, owners need to own
yay!
See you then!
okay i already have something planned!
Text me mañana
At Da House Chillin Wit No Shirt On Tryna Do A Singing Video Bt I Cn Find A Song
Cuz your nips too hard right now.
I hate you.
The library can be a loud speaker for which businesses have corporate social responsibility programs.
so excited to hear it!
I can't wait!!!
And that's all for the raffle, kids!
THANK YOU for a fabulous event!!!
Until next time...
:
oh my bad
If you look at everyone of your friends fb or twitter.
In the last weeks.
They have posted.
Wtf or i don't care anymore or is school over?
good luck
I'm seriously about to eat my arm off .
I'm sorry but Justin Bieber's new song is not good.
It's weird.
I don't ever want to hear JB say 'swag'.
Can any one help me with followers?
I really want to spread my story
starting fires!
MY ASS IS NOT THAT FUCKING BIG !!!!!!
Impromptu inaugural cocktails at 6:30.
All y'all are invited.
Anyone who brings a MacBook power cable will be featured guest.
Hey guys just got IOS5 for my ipad2
I havent used xtranormal but it looks cool  let me know how you make out!
I agree
Im playing the Hunger Games Adventures BETA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sneak peel!
I got chosen specially...
D
the...standard way?
lemmee see if there's a website that describes my method...
Once Luck, Griffin get names called, real fun will begin.
I already expect the Vikings to throw a curveball, Browns to follow.
Special Olympics games a success  Marshalltown Times Republican
A woman came in right behind us doctorpping off a couple more.
Woot!
16 DAYS TILL MISS AMERICA!!
Sometimes I wish I didn't give a shit!
i just did:
thanks for the RT!
One Word To Describe Your Day...
I thought Thursday night was open mic there...
But I forget...
Seen a few...
Never funny!!!
Whoops!
Sorry about all the blog tweets!
Tweet Old Posts has a mind of its own sometimes.
Mom said she would get me two dogs when I graduate Law school.
26 years too late.
Fuuu things aren't going good for me right now :
Gong to see me some  tonight at 8!: ah!
Love him!3:
Thanks, for those kind words and the FF.
Really nice.
See if this one moves you, m dada m dada diyiyiyiyadaaaa
: it is gonna happen every morning lol yes it is
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The Show was Amazing Guys  now needs to keep this show around ForSure OutLawGarage!
So the Secret Service can use her.
LOL
thanks for following my sister :D
RT Kick Off the Weekend w/ Free Ambhar Tequila  Live Music Tonight at Venetian's Newest Venue Smokin' Hot Aces from 69pm
: happy birthday!!!
thanks Sean!
love you
Not the first I'd been asked.
Some thought I looked like him too!
Just a random name I chose back in 2001 to be honest.
same here work and school and the life of a single parent LOL I never sleep hahahaha

Welcome Rob!
Thanks for following!
Love your video!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
This game has set QB play back 50 years
i WANT A NEW TATTOO..NOT MAKE Mi BODY A SHEET OF PAPER...
I could do this but I choose not to RT : Bullwhip class is sunday 3/18/12 at 5 pm!!!
Hope to see our whipsters...
I got hella haters  cus I'm ballin on em all day
: thx Elizabeth.
Cheers!
You are welcome!
RED starts rehearsals today!
you look nice
just about.
Sanfran area.
Then again, if I dont grow the balls to accept something soon, I may be here a bit longer.
ehug my dear
Doing a decent job on defense.
Executing the D gameplan well.
Must get to shooters.
On O, gotta FINISH easy layups!
Can't stand  watch.
How sweet!
I'm grateful too :
Hi Buddy!
Love them Bucks!
Ditched FB.
I was annoyed.
How is everything?
Hope job,kitty and apt are well!
ey!
Follow us
great conversation last nite and thanks for the darts lesson Paul; next time I'll wear my glasses
seem to be having some network trouble here at SPARC2012 grateful for tethering!
jealous of your hair
aw cuh I was about to be omw
Young Niggas run everything.....
Lets talk about your services when you can.
Skype me!
does anyone know of a good Sous Chef in Jacksonville looking for a gig?
Cannot wait for the festivities!
The orioles winning is great for baseball
Happy Halloween banana lovers!
you're welcome.
Happy Friday!
made a couple dozen hot songs in the last couple months and now you think your fresh
that's why I got off FB.
It's just a fucking tax.
After a week long postUSPro hiatus, we're back!
We're also at Interbike this week, so stop by and see us at booth L21!
Can't wait for this event!
This is even early for and she gets up at 4:30 to work out every morning
mc220 yes, join us.
Watching Dexter for class.
Ouch!
Great rivalry.
Yet choose butter over margarine
Today we're featuring the wonderful Fox Chapel Area High School Concert Choir during our broadcast.
Great sustainability question, too!
RT Question: What will your life look like in 10 yrs if you DON'T change?
3WordsForYou so you mad?
Are you at Whiskey Chicks?
If not, why not  it's FAT TUESDAY!
Rum  whiskey specials  FREE concert: Kylie Morgan  Nicnos till 1 am!
Ed Sheeran in glasses pleases me very much.
You forgot to add a period to the end of that sentence.
;
GooglePlus, you remain a mystery.
But I'm learning more about you via Twitter.
Dinner with and some of the NV and KY eyedocs.
Hope my congressman wasnt bored with the shoptalk!
just put some awesome videos up on Youtube from Tipitina's Sunday Music Workshop featuring some very special young guests!
Did I mention the ONLY reason for being on Twtr is for my daily BieberFix ?
Are you Hot do you have what it takes to Shine well share it with us at THE EROTIC .com chance at 50k
u have a lot of followers :O
wow that looks delicious
Don't complain about something if you're not doing anything to change it
2moro the studio is gettin remodeled after i get sum XLR extensions.
I just hope the couch will fit in the other spot
what are you doing to pass the time before the big game??
How about a trip to Ipic for bowling or a movie!!!??
Hungry for volunteer work, cultural immersion, and adventure?!
Join us at TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor
Enjoyed my afternoon and tasting!
Having and a sighting made it even better.
Bring it
Hard to tell from your professorle pic, although from our vantage point you favor Rahsaan Roland Kirk.
How Much Buzz Do The Top 10 Global Brands Generate On Social Media?
bit.ly/ceuEOr
school starts in 6 days.....i am really nerves couse i am at a new school and i dont know anyboday.....
: 
thanks for the rt!
Thoughts on the site?
Washington DC Chefs and Restaurateurs 4 seats left for tomorrow live AllerTrain class at RAMW :30.
GlutenFree 
that movie is too funny, i loved it
Infusion Center Blues
Its me against the world so im sticking out my chest.
TGIF!
Happy FF to our new followers!
Be Happy ToDaY IS A FUNNY daY P PLEASE foolow ME ThAnKs !!
:D
I used to have a life, until social networks were created...
why, thank you!
; you know you do, too 3 I guess we're just bomb.
no.
sad face : Wish I was.
thank you for the follow!
And I LOVE your icon!
Thirsty Thursday!
Labor Day Weekend is starting TODAY at The Fly!
2 for 1 doctornks until 7pm  who's ready to party this weekend?!
your so fake
Landlord forgot keys, texted roommates.
1 roommate says the kitchen window above the sink is unlocked.
It's not desirable but it works lol
No one has twitter but you and I.
Everyone uses facebook.
I need sponsors for NAM.
If you can help please let me know.
Have you decorated your house for Halloween yet?
Oh if I didn't say it U Welcome for Da Trey Pic.
I'm only 25 pages into Room and already loving it.
The book definitely deserves all the praise it has gotten.
Can't be many prettier places to run stairs than Mt Helix just before sunset.
Almost makes you forget the pain.
However they also turned in runaway slaves for money.
Seeing GoodLuckJedward trending??
Is it on tonight or..?
Almost positive everyones staring at me.
Got skrillex blasting in my ears.
:D get ready for springawakening !!!
Finally got the deeply embedded piece of glass out of my finger that was visiting since December.
Yes :
Well it's 2012 now for an hour already in Afgh.
We have a weird time zone.
God please give me a little help...
hahahahahahahhahaha i miss katy .
Hello and Good morning Chicago!
What a BEAUTIFUL day!
Any nonprofessort events?
Craziest week of the year, here I come
finding that Facebook comments plugin doesn't load comment stream at times; failure mapped to load upon FB servers?
Reading KEEPIN' IT HUSHED.
Wondering about digital hush harbors.

the back of yo neck was furred lol.
Not trying to start shit but why dont you fuck off?
Theres no need to bash other bands its only gonna make people hate you more.
get some sleep
UPDATE: California retailer Treasures Furniture in Chapter 11 SAN DIEGO  Highend retailer Treasures Furniture has filed for Chapter 11
RT : Got a pair of True Religion shorts and a Juicy purse for 16 yay //Thanks for coming in Devin!
LOL!
NO DAMNIT!
Okay fine..
I am such a girl..
I definitely have too many clothes  shoes
Checking out my dads new house by my grandmas!
Excited :
Can we get Quinn's sound clip to play after every Young George 3 pointer or dunk?
Follow us on Twitter and facebook for more updates.
The Winner of the comp room in Las Vegas must be 21 years of age or older..
GOOD LUCK..
usguyschat Products can be duplicated by your competitors.
Focus on unique brand to build cust loyalty  competitive advantage
Why do wrinkle creams use waytooyoungtoeverhavewrinkles aged models?
Annoying.
My new twitter bff 33
Brewster thinks digitizing  lending all incopyright but outofprint books is OK?
Might want to talk to about that
So I'm pretty sure I went in the best date ever with !
He was such a gentleman!...but then I woke up.
Wishfuldoctoraming 3
RT house lights dim cue fog machine cue music cue silhouette spotlight center stage cue stage lift The LeRi...
Hey Rick what's the big puffy clouds called?
You see them more when there's more humidity
god times my friend!
Never fear, SJH has staying power.
Thank you for the mention!
:
Leave you alone.
IfICouldIWould go back in time and change everything
I wonder how much my lungs can't hold
' The wanna be hardest nigha in town!
A giant beefrat the size of a sedan.
thanks for posting, and for your kind words!
Xoxo
so true!
Hey UB students!
Don't forget to check out AKPsi this spring.
Rush is coming sooner than you think!!
How do you like our new logo??
More updates to come soon from DC!
Boyz N the Hood is on VH1.....definitely in my top 10 movies
DEATHSQUAD locked in to the JRE!
glad to hear is back :
Nowak: In this business it is never easy to say goodbye.
I can't wait for summer to be here.
Wish I didn't have to stay inside all evening to do schoolwork.
his sentence is actually longer, but he will most likely get out
: I'm on a seafood diet, I see food, and eat it.
thats your diet
Pitt sucks
Congrts for having a baby girl.
Just great!!!
Nice to see Splitter hit that final shot but he has to go harder to the rim off that sick pass from Manu
Obsessed with Zayn.
In Ohio on the south shore of Lake Erie.
Hope to have fun.
.
.
ME, SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
dsoc Now  anne caputo on improving our public image.
We have the info keys, why aren't we info royalty?
We are but we don't say it clearly
: I don't trust a mf soul.
Too many snakes and phony ppl in the world.
Terminate ...
with extreme prejudice.
Plushdamental 13a.
Only befriend a Cubs fan if they can name 4 Cubs 13b.
Explain to arrogant Cardinal fans to be more humble
Cookies and Brownies.
Grr.
I like that Spike is going to see this conversation.
Spike, the Knicks should be better next year
What's your favorite gluten and dairy free breakfast?
www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
The new doctor John record is really, really good.
Thanks for the follow, Lance i just hope I never have to pronounce your last name in person
A hair doctorsser just asked me if I wanted hair tinsel...
I'm sure it's been tweeted before, but it is so right that Carlos Santana plays catcher at Cleveland, the city of the Rock n Roll HofFame
Thank you amazing energy we love you all!
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity  the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
Landing Strip vs.
Full Bush.
Who's challenging them?
Uh oh, she sent a smiley face...
She want the D !
and I are just looking out for you.
Your almost MY age!
It's already the 21st of Oct???
Ah
I'm sick of being single
Interesting.
The things I had issue with seem to indicate stupid suburban voters being ignorant
i really don't like short hair on women..unless its Ashley Judd
FF The American People
HEY BREWERS FANS!!
Just got word: GM/President of Baseball Operations Doug Melvin will join us tomorrow at 9am!!
SportsRadio
reports of crowd of angry bystanders screaming at cops in OccupyNashville for arresting protesters
The good news is is buying me dinner at Double Windsor tonight.
I've been starving myself all day in preparation.
Damn its always the 'innocent' ones.
I wanna be in porto right now, so bad
God, and oh really, well that is interesting ; x
Betfair Poker finishing tweet.
The computer software is so rigged it really is a joke.
What ever u do don't play.
Today's General Hospital recap: Barack and Robin talk marriage.
Come join us in the beefeaters for our 2nd Congressional District Forum!
Natalie doing crowd work.
RT : Natalie there.
she mentioned she was going to be guest PA tonight
Why isn't the high rate of new displacements in Colombia front page news around the world?
mla12 s215 : pros of this model: lots of Emory faculty involvement
I don't care how many times I do it, sending an email to hundoctords of thousands always gives me the jitters.
Is it Friday yet?
Ughh come on Friday let's go
cool twitter decide to not load anymore.
When you have childoctorn yourself, you begin to understand what you owe your parents.
Proverb
Quiet ride home.
Think folks are mentally doctorined.
Excited.
But doctorined.
Ms.
Finke is not pro sag, and beyond the copyediting errors in this story, other reports say no such investigation exists.
Eagles fans going to love Mychal Kendoctorcks.
Just listening to him talk gets the juices flowing.
Man seems filled with passion.
done.
Where can we play in charleston?
I Hate that People Always Have to Mess with my fucking feelings Man /3 :
Walker pissing off Hulu viewers in WI  neighboring states w/ad overload.
Promoted tweets also annoying as hell.
For a stimulating change of perspective, make a cup of Darjeeling Pussimbing and search powers of ten on YouTube.
Making it's autumnal debut is our delicious Apple Cinnamon flavor at Porter Square!
Nom down on it along with Nutella and always Original :
Perhaps next year 2Teachers a Microphone will play Coachella w/a hologram of the 9,500 teachers getting pink slips in
well i am so happy that today was your best day ever :
Up to 85 degrees today?
Is it still March, or did I miss a month or two?
:
be careful!
It was awesome to meet you!
That season finale was beautiful.
President James Monroe, born this day in 1758, studied law under
You Welcome
You're in america, don't speak Spanish.
I know you're talking about us.
ah!
Hell yeah : I cannot help myself!!!!!!
:' hahaha ;P Twitter is just amazing!
:D
97 flawed items in the test, 97 flawed items...
they're lucky to have you!
Hope it's a good group.
Fucking Alice in Wonderland.
My photography skills might make me some extra cash at the job soon!
:
May the Fourth be with all of our followers!
Always.
Hospitals pressured to end free baby formula
Do people backpack the US?
prefers wellwritten and passionate writing to just passionate writing 
Babyy we met almost a yr ago nd I'm glad we did3 your my better half nd the love of my life 10.28.103
FREE Xocollati tasting at the Chocolate Library today until 5:00 PM!!!
111 St Marks Place btw.
1st Avenue and Avenue A.
Somebody please pick pretty boy swag as their walk up song
you made that name for yourself.
No one gave you that name.
liar and protected by a gang of liars.
When I heard Cleveland bridge I instantly thought somethign DT or the 480/Valley View.
Glad FBI is watching regardless.
nice so this is the final week?

SNL with DJ's FlightPhonic  Inspex  New Lotus Dance Team  Lotus Nightclub  ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Fuuuuuuck.
My.
Life.
If you're ever in Cincinnati and want some jamaican food, check out Island Fridays.
You won't be disappointed!
Watching America's Next Top Model .
I Love Azmarie !
She's Definetly My Favorite !
c;
whoever invented homework i want to slap in the face right now
Me too.
I'm jldurant.
After playing the Dinosaur Train theme song to friend at work, he says OK, I would not rock this on the regular.
Enjoying dinner and beers with   Love outoftownguests aef
what's up
guac, hell.
or is that not what you meant by green...
:
I did the fitness test for Insanity !!!!
Lawd I have some work todo!
RT : You love You speak Spanish.
is the most exciting thing to happen to you today.
cc:
A house is not a home without a dog...
's song for , blessings is absolutely amazing.
3
we all miss jeff conaway and his many stints in celeb rehab...I feel ur pain
About to see Toys Story 3 at Cinerama, surrounded by kids, wii!
Teaching at sagaftra tonight!
Come on out and learn a social networking strategy to be remembered.
Real estate photography could have been good a few years back...
Some photogs are doing virtual tours now though, which is cool.
really?
too funny!
We were sitting at the bar.
where were you?
Snowbound in Albuquerque?
Come on over to the Ramada Hotel on Eubank  we have plenty of rooms  Sadie's  the Owl Cafe onsite.
If I should tumble, if I should fall would anyone hear me screaming behind these castle walls?
I'd say so!
not my style but they are good, how do you find these bands?
New apartment complex in works in West Campus
Quicktempered leaders are like mad dogscross them and they bite your head off.
Prov.
20:2 MSG
PLEASE FOLLOW MY BFFL
Start work on the 18th :
Had fun hanging out w/ 's Safe travels!
Or antlers.
What an ugly game, love the defense like always, one quarter to go, need this win.
RT : lol most actors are tho RT : RT : Vince Vaughn never has to act.
He is the same guy in every movie.
fair point but andy reid thinks he can resurrect anyones career after vick
The River got pretty good toward the end RT ABC has canceled Pan Am, GCB, Missing and The River.
Details to come...
Only a twenty minute workout but it was one of the toughest work outs I've ever done.
Waiting for my flight.
Can't wait to check in at fsdallas, where I passed the exam!
pricing is still basic: free to dev, 100/mo to go live; lowertier price for smaller sites coming in the next couple months.
Love when people slam bus doors in my face
KD too cold
I like white people things, ya know what I'm sayin'?
had a great weekend!
Ventured to Chicago, saw the dinosaurs  the eyeball.
What a great day to act like a tourist :
Getting lei'ed today?
If you do, Put it on twitter:
Good Night!
Long day tmisterw!
Also, the general consensus seems to be that I'm the surprise of the show ...
heh.
It's hard to cook on humpday!
Let us cook you dinner tonight and we'll make it easier for you to get over that hump!
I miss Lola.
Got home from dance, started homework, fell asleep, just woke up.
It's 1:07am and my homework's still not done  AwwwwMAN!
!!!!
RT : I'm fully convinced I'm hilarious.
sick thanks!
Where r u from?
Hey Patty...hope everyone is doing well!
librarians: enough w/the social media conference sessions!
there's plenty of resources on doing it right  nothing revolutionary to report.
I really like it...
a lot!
I guess , but no cheese sauce !
Lol .
They're losing pussy points !
:
that was sick..
The first one was like wow then the 2nd
Right after Austin tweeted me, some mahomies started tweeting me lol
Ok maybe it's not springs fault.
I feel deathly ill this morning.
Someone turn the clock back
New whip getting delivered tomorrow tho.
Coach Macedo will be speaking on Practice doctorlls, Quick Hitters, and Special Situations at the clinic.
it irritates me when girls are like i love justin!
omg boyfriend is amazing Like no, if you havent been here through it ALL get lost.
I dont wanna work today but i need the money.
Used to wrk for a Fortune 50 co.
and it slipped that they spy on you on FB.
I tell that story, and usually people understand.
If ur home isn't fun while ur kids are growing up, don't be surprised if they don't come back often when they're grown.
Love your kids now!
How much cheese is too much cheese?
Folks be ugly on twitter
Yes!
I wanted to shout hell yeah!
I know I'm not the only one.
Maybe I follow too many newage folk : cc:
Throwing your phone in anger , then checking if its still okay.
I'm hella tired for not going to school tomorrow.
Wait, there's a show, too?
Awesome!
Now taking bands for my roster!!!
Email me at !!!
Can't wait for school to be over
AH RNG CRU just followed me!
Now I just got to get beautiful Bailey to follow me:
Don't sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
we better or I'm going to start answering them all and it's confusing some times
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
No problem!!
:
How many people are filling out a MarchMadness bracket this year?
Call the biggest upset!
watched sweeney todd last night.
not bad for the musical horror genre.
Thanks Jimmy!!
I got way too sunburned last night.
It's always an adventure with Polly!
And you've GOT to love her!!!
need to sort out the pay to play issue if we are going to provide a level playing field for all players to have chance to go pro
really...
Well welcome to the family
Next month, going to spend a couple weeks in the mountains, lol
She had forgot how good the head was
I swear when I have 3 bars of 3G on my phone nothing works.
Pick cat up.
Cat climbs back.
Pick cat up.
Cat climbs back.
Infinite floorlap loop.
Ur welcomeenjoy your time away!
RT : thanks for encouraging me to spread my wings in tweetville.
tx for the mentions!!
love your oceans!
There's no one like you Can speak to my heart It's just a shame we worlds apart I'm too shy to ask
Now Syracuse?
What is this world turning into?
People don't change, situations do, people just learn to adapt.
it was a powerful show.taking the country back
Anymore Shout outs anyone?
HMU
Nice!
Cannot wait to see it!
Girl, preach!
Super Tuesday we'll be stretched but we're gonna find a way  Romney, on sending his many sons on the campaign trail
The Clovers Love Love Love Atlantic 1094 B  hallmark card studio 2011
Today is so not gunna be my day !
damn you're so meta
Why yes my super did offer me a blunt just now
I'm gonna go wit my mom tonight CELTICS lets go!
the sad part is you dont even have to mention which roommate...
I hate school.
Bears  Packers.
tv needs a pay for stream solution, with ads for 1 dollar to stream.
Little by little..I'll get over him:b It takes time/: I still hope he does keep his pinky promise and goes to my track meet on Friday3'
Yeah, I'll take that win.
just let me know what the plan is, yo!
Have a fantastic day.
Thanks for the invite!
Of course neither of them have played, but may still be worth noting.
Church tomorrow
so what's good on the west coast!?!
jealous you're in the sun  its too cold out here !
what a coinkydink that you would message me when I am on my break from class smoking a pfunk and vintage shopping!!
Dude, these guys in Marsana are pretty rad.
wow!
well well you know where to find us!
Watching LawrenceODonnell  this Friess cat is a nut.
Isn't it cool??
I haven't had time to watch the whole thing, but the look is amazing.
I ran at leasr 100 ft.
And got super tired...
Thats sad.
Bell is single handily keeping uofl in this.
Pass the ball son
YAY!!
I'm happy to share my birthday with a little Wygle Lady!
; Congrats!!
just gave a shout out to UK basketball
Hot yoga this morning...walked out and Atlanta weather felt like a cool breeze!
Let's be honest, I would be friends with anyone from lost.
Even Ben.
hey how are you?
Te amo!
Latin girls loves you 3 xx
costume secured, bike ready, winter clothing layered....
it's snow melt winter ale time!
What better place to watch the doctorft than the GREENE TURTLE??
We have so many TV's you won't miss a second...
finished up a new hot osng with Kalii earlier today now working on another song before i leave the crib!!!
world of chem  my text ringtone  bill nye  ringtone
for sure girl 
pshh u know there's always scalpers at the door ;
you wish!
:P
The word Mulligan sounds like the name of a whimsical cartoon seagull.
Just got out of the doctor :
Just followed 5 of my family members;
San Diego and you?
yeah..but this is sarah and meg we are talking about here..
not just people!
All I want is for my legs not to get crushed while on an airplane.
Is that too much to ask?
T minus 24 hours till
Twitter suggested I follow Scott Hartnell.
No thanks I would rather throw myself into a pit of snakes and/or fire.
I think our next episode should involve a vacation...
Polish festival in Tremont, Geauga county fair, air show.....busy busy weekend!!
:D
Why did I waste my time.
Time for some JustifedFX!
Then shower.
Then beddy bye.
ificouldwishforanything I would 4 witney Houston to be alive she such an inspiration and a beautiful lady.
I luv u witney
Such a beautiful 4th of July weekend!
Hope everyone enjoyed the weather!
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
I was under the impression it was Spring...why is it 46 degrees??
You mean wife?
Check out for a free book on how to increase golfmemberships at your course!
as whip
Update on Shale Gas Revolution, pt.
1
Two big shows next week: Friday w/ and then Sat.
at Toad in Cambridge.

not something i would do to an 82 Margaux....perhaps a young Barolo...not sure i can wrap my brain around this method.
Mango Strut in Coconut Grove plus vino equals awesome!
Salentein reserve 2007 malbec
kinda, i mean.
im not too icarly inspired right now..
but im gonna try to make one this weekend c:
Alex Wilson takes the stage in just over 20 min!
It was a great event...not only a great Happy Hour, but great food...crab cakes, shrimp, steak tortillas, beer cheese  more
is on fire tonight.
I totally agree...I think she's faking!
Some people could find a million ways to be unhappy but instead find a million ways not to be
Set coffee to strong.
The microphone explodes, shattering the molds, Etither doctorp tha hits like de la mode or get tha fuck off tha commode
Feels like everybody is having a baby lol.
struck by the incongruity between Imported from Detroit and the wanna win a million bucks?
ads
have u been following convo btw  ?
hitdirectionerswithashovelday ..
COME AT ME BRO
I'm cool.
I need real people to listen to my music
Giving moms around the world a shot: shares stories of moms who walk 15 miles to vaccinate their kids
Thanks for the follow, Mark.
Your book sounds terrific.
On the back row mandem
thanks man.
It's all in the name.
Also, if an employer DOES ask for your password, congrats.
You have just saved a bunch of time and grief by seeing their weeniedom up front.
tweet this shit..
Great picks.
Irvine bound tomorrow morning.
you know what they say, people that live in glass houses sssink ships
I was suppose to do interviews tonight at the NFL doctorft...declined.
I have a RangersSenators game to go to.
It's the only choice.
RT : The Grammar Queen is out.
Ain't it the truth?
If you have not been to Rasselas on Fillmore Street on a Thursday night you are missing a great hang!
's all I'm saying.
The Admissions team is a huge fan of the Food Truck!
Looking forward to the truck being near Union Station tomorrow.
Pirates of the mother fuckin caribbean bitches!!;
did you guys find Angel yet?
:
There are spaces available for the Cirque du Soleil photo experience in doctorpa hall 8b bring your smile we'll do the rest
Oh sharpies and index cards, how much do I love thee?
Sister came home today feeling energized after a 22 mile run..
How the fuck does that happen?
Oh that test just put me in a Debbie downer mood 
I can't get no sleep!
I'm actually excited for super sony brothers hunger games.
It has some pretty awesome guys and they only revealed 6.
i lovee you george, the first person ive loved more than hehe, justin your still part of my heart hehe, loveeyoou bothh33
The Wire
me, myself  I sir please?
insert corny thunderstorm tweet here
Jon Brockman shooting 100 on the night.
I'm thinking contract extension?
How do I use my 10off code when checking out?
Love your art!
text me ASAP :
prince james should be taking notes from tebows book then maybe he wont choke any more in the 2nd half of games
I take showers, I don't like baths.
The last time I took a bath, I lost three of my ships.
Rodney Dangerfield
I seriously only like Mondays cuz of mister.
Arch's cinnamon rolls!
HAHAHHAHAHAH is cracking me up right now!
: hapy birthday!
Def goin to play tonight!
See u thurr see you tonight!
Thanks for the follow fellas.
You guys are going on tour pretty soon with our pals , yes?
We just moved She only wanted flowers into heavy rotation on for next week
air Terlato runs on only the finest Sangiovese...
In 2010, an estimated 785,000 Americans had a new coronary attack.
CDC
awkward moment when you're homeschooled!!
Fashion show.
: Getting ready for Childoctorns Book Launch Party  4 great authors all in one place!
congrats
reg'd for Michigan Mountain Mayhem!
i think i'll skip the pancake breakfast this year.
where are my salt pills...
Group of protesters approaching Dahmer tour.
This could get heated.
Hey friends, fam and fans of my music...please follow me here to receive updates on my band The Railways
I really should be sleeping, but I can't.
Twitter is too distracting...
That'd be great.
Shoot me an email and we can get something on the calendar.
Starting today, Aug 8th, the Foam Pit will be closed and under construction.
Were gonna make it BETTER!
ANYONE DOWN TO PLAY doctorW SOMETHING?
Quote of the day, your phart spone is stupid!
So my life.
RT : Watching tv with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks.
So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time.
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
Writing editors can be a pain, but boy, when you get them working...
Thank you and BEST TO YOU and YOURS WAYNE!
Got to see them at the SARSstock show.
Was pretty sweet.
Really??
I though you could send a Direct Message to anyone.
You have to be following them too??
You are not Google's user you are Google's product being served up to advertisers.
Happy Birthday!
Wilford Brimley is a former bodyguard of Howard Hughes.
Made A New Tumblr :
DONT SAY YOU LOVE ME AND DONT MEAN IT BECAUSE I MIGHT DO SOMETHING CRAZY LIKE BELIEVE IT
watching the Rose Parade and seeing a lot of Wisconsin Red!
AWESOME
Thanks for the follow guys!
Positive thought without positive action is positively nothing.
We started editing part 2 today.
:
6pmclose ADC will be visited soon!
: .
Donovan House's rooftop is open already!
Head up for happy hour any time!
Sunnyside is a place of ruin and despair, ruled by an evil bear who smells of strawberries!
xD Toy Story 3 Film
I'm not the only one?
: What is WRONG with me?
I don't use Instagram OR Pinterest and yet I'm still perfectly happy :
Neil Funk is the most arrogant broadcaster I have ever heard
sometimes i wake up and i say i hate life.
Then other days I say life is grand.
I like the way you do it right thurrrr.
Sunburned from yesterday ...
can't complain though, at least it finally feels like
a 10 mile race or an 11 mile training run, not sure of the logic on that, it's just how i roll.
They only had brunch today, but it was still really good.
Especially the deserts.
Thanks for the R/T
Hellz ya!
I am stoked!
Why did the witch go to the psychiatrist?
Because she thought everybody loved her.
Woohoo!
Welcome back!
Just got off work, wasn't a bad day!
me too.
I have to go to the home opener.
How many of you sometimes or often talk with the spirit of your dead friends and relatives?
How many of you are very psychic?
Lol did you like it?
Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon  Them Doing The Sums
: teen wolf !!
Lol I think you a high school teenager!
Follow Back :D
Come by the booth and say hi at afta11...
SDFAS is now Art Pulse!
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place: swaaggie!!!!!!!!!!!
Thnx Shasta!
That's so great!
RT : FF from San Diego if you aren't already.
Tasty!
: Everyone said you're doin a great job trustme you never say this...
Im excited to see what NBC will do now.Hopefully we get some 24/7 like shows or a mls tonight
Now following
are you flying our way soon??
Chicago is lovely in the spring!!
everybody goin downtown!
Sorry gents.
Vimeo gave me a random title page and we were in a hurry to get them up.
Fixed.
that was 1452 beers ago
Oh I thought you did haha
Saw Why?
At .....so smooth and then watched Maus Haus play a really cool set .awesome festival
haha, age is just a , as long as you keep learning and laughing, it doenst matter, right?
:
It sucks when you think your doing something new.
But everyone already does it.
Dome9 Security Introduces 1Click Cloud Server Secure Access
How I manage?
I don't know.
hope to see you in the chi one day letswin good look on the retweet
Interesting post to say the least...
Threw me for a loop at first until you tied it in to recruiting.
Nice work!
ElMariChiChi CINCO DE MAYO SHOW!
Saturday midnight.
Were gettin silly doctornk.
TEQUILA!
Stop 3 Toyota.
Stop 4 may be for mosquito spray  garden gloves.
Stop 5 home to tame the wild garden beast for about 10 hot minutes.
guys a boss
All my gimmicks are cheap or nonprofessort.
It's sad.
hahaha that's great.
Kyle is a major douche.
Good Morning!
Have a Terrific Thursday....Spread Love
totally worth it!
I ordered everything on Amazon: lamp was 120, the top and base coat were 40 and the 6 polish set was 70.
veganwise: On the nose
BIEBER'S CREEPING : I gotta feeling3
I don't get all those..
bull i shower 3 times a day.
guys in prison only get 1
Gotta piss something fierce.
We're thinking of piloting an ebook collection w/a few other schools.
I have FollettShelf but print  better so far.
Finding Motivated Sellers of Cheap Las Vegas
how was your exam lovely?!
.x
Exclusive Members Only In Depth Tour of Nationwide Arena.
Check out www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!
rochel is gonna woop to trick ass bitch.
Accessories are a great way to wear PolkaDots!
Born to win
MUTHAFUKKA Prob a dumb quest...what's is YankeeYards?
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
I am so tempted to publish an article entitled Klout is Krap.
Any thoughts?
How come no one ever talks about how kick ass Shameless is on showtime?
Most of the crew is here for the show!
Downright weird seeing a night of plays based on Nebraska that has zero to do with unemployment, 3rdshift jobs, and financial desperation.
at 14 they asked me what i wanna be , i said baby 21 so i can get my own doctornk .
Yes.
For many it may be first install not from official sites.
As basic as download app, open app, choose andoctorid installer.etc.
Had a great time exploring Ward 6.
Thanks to Councilman Wells for joining us!
So impressed by the vocal ability of singing we crown you
Mason County Schools: Hood Canal: 2 Hours Late, no morning preschool
job Portland Oregon looking for a buyer or merchandising position
No, I call the Jonas the smirky quirky Robin Hood guy.
NOT hot.
Like a child is cute.
Friend: Can I play a game on your phone?
Me: Bitch, does this look like an Xbox?
I am sorry but it looks like my twitter was hacked into and sending spam out...
i fell asleep in the shower.......how weird is tht???
Red Sox trade Josh Reddick to Oakland for Andoctorw Bailey.
hey everybody :D
Yeah, don't let spin you about his spin.
That's exactly what he does.
wasband or wusband.
I like that.
Yo we went together like peanut butter and jelly and sliced banana last night.
Remember what it felt like to be young, vibrant and pain free?
This is the way your supposed to feel, both now and all through your life!
It doesn't matter if it's long or short!
Ah, so you DO have a heart, as DN's absence seems to have grown it fonder.
There is an alternative reason to dance around the Christmas tree....to burn off all those extra calories!
So get to movin'!
:
Gemini Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
I was never a big Beastie Boys fan, but MCA did a lot for music and he will be missed.
haters gunna hate, mahomies gunna love,  hey i love ur hair and urs is curly , jb's is straight and less volume u add style;
If I were in position, I might've, but the wife's taught me all kinds of moves to use on buses w/o her.
Johnny likes pickles!
Now you know.
Doing black guy stuff
Yep.
RT : A former Indiana coach loses the record.
A former Indiana asst.
coach takes the record.
Wholeheartedly agree.
The abstract of that paper goes over 8 great ways to increase your money:happiness ratio.
Did y'all get tickets?
Why does he have to live so far!?
:
CHIME IN: Have US schools lost their leading edge?
Are countries like China to gain the upper hand?
You tell me.
I feel like every morning I wake up earlier and earlier!
wow!
Thanks for the follow!!!
I feel honored !!!
Are you home?
We miss you love Mama Bear
one of my faves!
Thanks for sharing :
Emma Watson39;s Clothing Line Falters, Plus What Else She39;s Been Up To
Class so boring
At Philadelphia Convention Center with for media tour.
if only Watson and Lucas could get points for doctorbbling, they'd be really good.
Hey , how was UFC last night?
Oh man, my tummy look tan.
dancing.
Rolling on the floor.
Doing donky kicks
I think if I knew Pine Sol would give me this kind of buzz, I'd have been huffing it in High School!
Good morning, folks!
Have a blessed day!!
sounds fancy
preparing to expand shed dormer to full dormer to allow for master bath.
As always, shooting for a highsalvage content
Ok.
The pilot of Smash was pretty good.
I will tentatively add it to the DVR lineup.
been using backpack by 37signals, love the textile editor, going to add it to my admins for custom content
1642 your big boyfriend Madison: no but seriously Madison haha;
foodiechat and the Canes game, perfect LaborDay!
Great At Bat Against Bell, Way To Give Us The Lead!!!
Thx for the opportunity  so much fun!
CV
For your license or new car
My birthday coming up so mom best be buying tickets for my birthday...
Oh yeah, it's gross.
All this wet grass has him smelling like a soccer cleat too.
RT if you think deserves more solos !!!
Magic rewatching late nite.
Crucial story.
Good man.
100
TY!
RT : Thanks for all the Twitter love lately.
I'm Not a Christian.
I'm a humanist.
Don't even try to push that morality shit on me.
You fucking pussy.
haha.
Apparently it's weak there tonight.
Shouldn't be too bad then.
just online
: Let's see the hot blazers going to show/sale from upcoming designer.
Get your ChefShowdown tix for a special rate of 99 before they sell out  you can't miss the tastiest event of the year!
www.ccssd.org
Them niggas call, ion pick up my phone
My kiddo, Cassidy Robbins, will see you there!
son let's chill this weekend
Seeing small good changes within myself  it makes me feel better about myself...
i actually have my summer planned out
Training for ?
What was ur run today?
I did 4.5!
Lighting automation, done well, can certainly make your life easier  it can also make your life a lot of fun
Word on the street is that penny stock LUSI.OB is about to SKYROCKET!
Penny stock traders, you have been warned!
honestly, i dont know.
I know you want to.
Your so vain, you probably think this tweet is about you
glad she is doing great, She Such A Sweet Women !!!
is the best!
If you love someone tell them because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
Teacher: Whyy am I hearing talking?!
Student: Because you have ears, DUHH!!
Want to refer someone to PlanetTran?
You'll give them 50 off and receive 10 dollars off your next trip!
Scorpio: Your power comes from your magical ability to undergo a surprising metamorphosis today.
Oh dear.
All I can think of is Kafka.
Missin my dad what i would give for a chat
remember, if youre headed in the wrong direction, God allows Uturns!
:'
Bout to pick up my lil sis and thake my lil siblings to see project x.
Now that's a tagline, neighbor.
The Voice That Ur Speakinn Rite Now Thats Me..
Flea control should be use all year, even in cooler climates, please RT
i was waiting for you hasta el 9th period and then i got tired lol..
how was it?
Thanks for the RT!
We agree that it's great advice for all designers
Industry Night: 5 glass of wine, 5 whiskey shots, 5 well doctornks, 2 PBR, 3 flatbreads.
Why?
Because we love you.
Congrats to Johnny Patrick.
signed his rookie deal with the Saints today.
think they will sit on that until 6:30 newscast?
KIM is one of the best players EVER!
aaahahhahahahsha oh Marcus ur the farthest from a thug
What that mean?
I can tell today is Friday the 13th, today just freaking sucks ': whatever the whole weekend will fml I just want to talk to him.../:
You always ruin every single fucking night I look forward to.
I am currently addicted to KPop...
Is this a bad thing?
I think not!
History is a great deal closer to poetry than is generally realised: in truth, I think, it is in essence the same.
Good Morning ALL!!!
God pressed REFRESH on his keyboard to give you another shot at this thing called LIFE.
Remember to make this day count.
Lauren needs spell check!
Buying RIMM at 27.50 was a super purchase!
Nice call by us...
: If I was ya best friend I'd want you round all the time ThrowBack Fitty Nothin better than some old school
It may be the gases of the firing caused the Martians inconvenience
Haha, yeah.
Ridiculous.
Paparazzi has to be at the
Sex aint betta than love Trey songs
Austin is moving to Miami ...
Shit just got real
lol so go eat
heard you think you have OSA.
I work for a company that specializes in testing/treatment.
Let me know if you want more info.
When capitalized, there are no descenders in the entire list of Canadian provinces.
Great for underlining.
Most any handgun will achieve this purpose, guys.
:
That's easy you should do something crazy
I find it funny that Bieber trying to be all grown and sexy on his new track!
...we are opening today in a limited fashion.
We will have 1 sandwich available.
Stop by and try us out!
you aren't talking about or myself, are you?
EnoughIsEnough i cant take this any more
Help me get to 2,000 followers 
If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least RIP MCA
Thank YOU mister!
Hopefully everything turns out ok!
...:/
Thank you to all who came to visit us  MISSION NIGHT MARKET.
We appreciate your love  support for
Del Walters  WTH are you doing?
This is a farcical display of power and a breach of democracy  let legislation be passed.
Just saw great doc Boys and Men Healing about survivors of male rape.
Insightful.
My mind is blown that Claire Dumfy off ModernFamily played Happy Gilmore's love interest when he squared off against Shooter McGavin.
THNX!
I am very excited 2 and now production development is moving forward which is very cool!
My life, my choices, my mistakes, not your problem.
Thnx 4 the follow.
WE also bring businesses together.
Looking forward to sharing our tweets and seeing you on AgooBiz!
iloveyou is better than i love you because there is no space for lies.
3
IWantToPunchPeopleWho smoke weed.
RT if you hate anyone who smokes weed and hope they overdose
joins us  57th Street Books TONIGHT  6pm!
RIP Biggie Smalls The Notorious B.I.G
Damn train always in the way!!
you're welcome and enjoy.
The place is really coming together for 's wedding this weekend!
Buttered noodles are the best
Ima go to contraband w/ Tee  Bailey
Yes I'm practically begging!!
I really want to win that camera bag!
LOL!!!
Proverbs 16:7 When the LORD takes pleasure in anyones way, he causes their enemies to make peace with them.
Very nice poster, misterBatum!
Good morning!
Make sure to check your emails!
Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
I regret what I just did
One can only hope so RT : You ready to except your award tomorrow?
Ashley young is good at finding legs and falling over.
Really good!
yes I love history
and The Beast's name ended up being Hercules.
Hey just seeing this, apologies and no offense intended, that's another way that we reference those who submit reports
I wonder what Oscar Wilde would think about putting Dorian Gray in the same class as glittery vampires are.
HA HA!
thats awesome!
i don't have my own laptop much less a Mac Pro..but its cool.
i'm happy for you:
We can't wait to see it!!!
Why didn't anyone inform me it was the 24th!
The 24th!?!
Why do I pay you guys to follow me!
irantoydoctornes are like butter?
or b/c irantoydoctornes stings like a bee fly like a butterfly?
I WANT A doctorNE THOMAS!
:
secondary, playcalling and general toughness of the team.
All comes down to HC when its all said and done.
awesome, I love looking through their blog posts.
I can't come to everything!
someday he'll realize how much i loved him tho.
Sounds like a good time.
Put some pick up in your giddy up and ride on over to Iron Horse Friday night.
Haha perfect size
Theres never anything to eat in my house.
Big thanks to for joining us in our discussion of David Fincher's THE SOCIAL NETWORK.
It was a lot of fun!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
One step closer to world domination through pixel manipulation IT's really really long :
When some guys say that girls ain't shit , I sometimes feel them depending on the situation .
Where is Toni Kukoc when you need him?
Apparently the only shirts left on .com are XXL??
Wtf?
That's a bummer!
I give u discount!
Haha
truly!
can't wait.
thanks for making me a part of the fun.
r they like the knife?
cause we like the knife.
maybe they should tour together with names like that
Look What's NEW at www.patrickscatering.com....
woahhh ur up way late then me haha: its 12:48 am here; i live in washington:
French is so obnoxious.
I vote cute fluffy puppy for
We got holograms but can't afford to get a job, yea that seems about right.
Robot umpires
the beat of music or the beat of someones heart
that was completely unnecessary and disrespectful of them.
Do you love comedy shows?
After seeing Paul Rodoctorguezs show keep the fun night going tonight with doctornks at Xonas Asada Grille!
Eddie Vedder  Patty Griffin
I aim 2 grow taters in a stack of old tires.
Thats what u did...
Thats y i did it.
One day people are going to remember me...I'm waiting for my ride at the airport....
whats your favorite song of yours.?
Barrio Logan resi seem to want it both ways.
Want investment, but don't want gentrification.
Doesn't work that way
When you come the place in your life where you do not have nothing but your faith, you have more than enough
just got home from the bay area.
i am exhausted.
but i had a lot of fun 2day.
: goodnight!
how was the gig last night bro?
Haha boy you wild...But imma get ya
Socialanxiety disorder is one of the most common anxiety disorders, affecting between 7 and 13 of the population.
comedian/ Event Host/ Radio Personality
can't send Direct message since you aren't following but have a friend who can grab them!
you should have come up to one of us!
We would have hooked you up!
Sorry to miss you!
How did y'all like TOUGHLOVE toughloveneworleans tonight?
peeps like the yellow marshmallow chicks around Easter???
I have a mildly sick, exhausted kiddo.
He's asleep in bed and doesn't want to wake up.
Of all my chem labs to miss, this is the one.
Friday mornings in the Spring...yup.
Oh, its so much better for brands!
We switched 1st day!
RT : We just upgraded Timeline...what do u think?
Are u a fan?
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it.
If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
Warren Buffett
Woot!
Happy Friday!
What are you jamming to this morning?
So I love coke zero.
Entered the cap code.
won live nation cash.
Finally bought triad necklace!!
And it was free!
Stoked!
:D
HappyBirthdayRupertGrint   One of the best actors Ive seen!
Sorry, I unfollow anyone who promotes porn, sexual devices  uses vulgar language.
I keep my moral standards high and my tweets clean.
Cinco de Derby
i could make ur picture if u give me the stuff u want in it :
OnceUponATime  wanted 1d tickets for Oakland
i swear im a cold ass nigga
hahaha.
This time, it sounded more like Adam but it probably was Denny.
Great meeting you too!
Hope to see you again soon!
RT : Don't tweet you having fun.
Don't text her you having fun.
Don't Facebook.
Don't even smile In a picture if you take one.
Things have come full circle.
It's blazing again at Coachella.
Ice cream sales people are psyched.
A Twitter person is asking for help deciding what to do tonight.
I think we should give him the best night of his life.
Who's in?!
DM me.
My thoughts, actions and the words I speak today are in alignment with what I want.
I act as if what I want is already so.
Attorneys in GeorgeZimmerman case meeting privately with judge
Now twitter is messing with my mind.
The period has returned in the second to last tweet, but now missing in the last one.
i hope nick doesnt cancel btr because they are my favorite and nick will be dead to me DONTSTOPTHERUSH!!!
Just a reminder!
Early bird pricing ends Dec.
16th!
Get on it!
Nite Owls unite!
After 10 pm, we've got amazing wine and beer specials, discounted apps and 241 rail doctornks.
Why does bow tie pasta taste so much better than regular pasta?
Notredame de Paris.
One word: breathtaking!
Thanks Nuzi for a great event.
You were awesome and the topic was dead on!
We are getting it all wrong.
I am getting it all wrong.
GUYS.!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
WhyTF is muni 2.10?
Ten cents!
WhoTF has bags of dimes lying around?
Oh wait...
been waiting for these since November!!
yeah here tonight and tomorrow night
Dark Shadows was pretty fun!
Now I want to go back  watch the soap again...
think it's on Netflix?
yep...green curry that you have high expectations for but afterwards you feel Sick.
It also used to be Julian Peterson...
oh...
Well i gotchu wit a plate
It seems like it's going to be beautiful weekend here in Pa this weekend weather wise.
I'll probably spend it indoors playing poker..
this is why I'm back in Cali and not in Vegas :
we seem to have a lot of these intelligent conversions
listening to demi lovatto love you
Hey man.
I hope your day turned around bruh!
Need anything just text me.
Will definitely say hello to your friends and thanks and best wishes in return!
Yooo your twitpics are epic you're pretty funny.
Yes, I should have hit him with a salami
thank you :
Heard good things about their fish fry!
After an unfortunate series of events..
Including joining forces with an Asian family..
I'm finally heading home!
Love the magazine!
My buried life list...to visit the Oprah show!
Safe to assume that you won't be getting an interview if you have to call and ask what to write in the date of interview
sick of work Halloween weekend come NOW!
A.I.
Need To Come Back To The League
Turnovers are everything.
Only chance for nyg is if we continue
loved that this morning
Like this status is waxing is your ONLY choice of hair removal!
.Hope is all we have right now, and it's also all we've ever needed.
Let's Go Pens!!!
RT Lock in right now and listen to me, DJ Astonish, DJ Robby Rob  DJ Class rocking the turntables until 7!
dope!!
Headed north to Boyne Mountain to do some
SuperBowl Come on Giants!!
This is SuperbowlXLVI !!!
What?!
Where are you going?
:
Just had first glass of eggnog of the 'season'.
Always on hunt for Chipwich eggnog.
Holla if you live near a pathmark.
I'll pay shipping :
Meeting lots of great prospective JAMS students today!
Lots of interest in too, thanks to the lolcats!
are you doing the production lessons?
i got some people interested.
Anyone have any mustdo/mustsee things for me for my visit to Hong Kong?
I know im so excited I need away!
from cincy and flo co
Who was ?
Chris Bulla  Derek Fenwik are killing !
People are jamming to the HouseMusic!!!!
tomorrow is a don't miss!
I'm enough of a Phil's fan tonight that I'll make a joke: werthless ?
...need tool where citizens can make quick suggestions and comment on each other, bulletin board.
free is great.
Alright I'm ready to leave.
The weekend can be over now.
I want Thursday.
Lookin forward to phish fri  sat.
Hope everybody has a good day.
Last day in WI.
Spring, break.
Every great and commanding movement in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
When You Justify Your Conduct, You Abort Your Ability To Change It.
black, French press
they do in Florida.
For old people.
Winners see an answer for every problem; losers see a problem in every answer.
Barbara Johnson
yeah I remember!!!
Simon for 3  are you kidding
It must be spanish night at Breezeways ...
smh, its wednesday ...
theres no need for you to be goin this hard this late.
We help you make the best financing choice for your situation by assessing each component of the loan  how it fits your financial goals.
our hopes and expectations
im jealous!
its like 80 degrees outside and its like 90 in my house!!!
and nothin much!
hi!
any chance we can do this over email?
email me at and let's chat about what you have in mind :
my ui says im following u
Derek got shot crying my heart out LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
What if the lakers trade kobe?
Would they be a better team?
Happy to help any time you need it!
Ugh fuck my life 5am1pm today ugh to damm long dead 
thanks so much!
It was a good day.
You saw a great game.
Glad you enjoyed the seats.
:D So excited for the EP
If strippers are now called exotic dancers, then doctorg dealers should be called exotic pharmacists.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!
THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !
Thanks for the FF!
Enjoying my weekend instead of stressing 
No appointments available for today  Thursday.
Any openings due to cancellations will be posted here.
Shout out for Officer Garza  Mark/Tom of the Vol Program of Lakewood PD Ran out of gas.
Gassed me up!
I am in two of them with the great Chuck Slavin!
Hope to see you at or show!
PS you should check out , I think you'll like them!
hi!
everyone please follow i follow back!
and follow she is my idle idc if she dont follow me back at least she knows i care.
Sorry for the multiple tweets.
Fingers faster than brain this morning  typed bad link previously.
I got too meet the russians thats in the soul circus : im press lls
I guess its sangria and tapas tonight.
me too...
I've been craving it so bad after having but have stayed away from them so far.
Omg the live episode of 30Rock is about to start!!!
YAYYYYY!!
Is it FF yet?
I'm exhausted.
First Dave gets Nuggets tickets.
Now you get Broncos tickets.
Does this mean that Chelsey and I have to get Avs tickets?!?
enjoying listening to Kyle Tait call the game on WREK.
Great way to start off the season coach!
Ricky totally stalked people through that window, now he runs laps in his tiny yard.
:
Why thank you!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Hope we'll see you back again soon!
sadpanda is an understatement, that's really terrible news.
I'm sorry for your loss  pets are family members.
I agree!
Totally enjoying it!
You are the one I think bout.....
I was 7 years old when I bought my neighbors 69' Apollo original red sparkle 4 pc.
Wish I still had it :/
Marinatto resigning?
Big East: always a dollar short and a decade late
lol.
What is what?
Loyalty is everything
mister Sun had come out to play
can i unbutton your buttons;
Great posts.
Am following you, feel free to follow back
you will love Adam in Florida's new hot thriller Python by Carina Nolan Hell Slithers Lust Simmers only 7.89 Amazon
finally is correct.
The keg that wouldn't die.
I'm just working here till a good fastfood job opens up.
Processing some 1080p footage of ga and some full frame shots of our occupation!
Stay tuned for links
A Hip Hop classic T La Rock It's Yours: via
I hear ya....
older wiser when others feel the need to talk they show themselves  and now m
That Fla sunshine got me anticipating this early flight
The shit me and My co workers talk about lmao
haha thanks man.
I probably couldn't answer if you tried.
I'm working and going to school full time.
Plus I'm on that B shift.
Absolutely.
Nothing super interesting, but just stuff we don't need or expect to find.
Personal stuff.
I did find a wallet once.
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Thx I am enjoying
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Luv to all my friends out there...
Yes, you!!!
Link didn't work....
Too many gadgets!
Are you doing in Muncie Multisport races?
Thanks!
That book looks really cool!
I might get it for my nephews as well :
Agreed.
RT : initially I read it as dicks,not clicks.
that was funnier.
RT Best moment today: Overheard 3rd grader booktalk When Life Gives You OJ to classmate bc she loved it so much!
via ...Talk Timbers on The Game tonight 67 p.m.
Tonight's guests: Merritt, Gavin and Tony McManus.
wish I couldve gotten my doctorwing of you to you last night in Chicago, but you were incredible, thanks for the best night 3
This day is officially brought to you by GOD..
Unknown
we go through a gal of milk every two days ...
if it weren't for milk and Carnation Instant Breakfast my boys would wither away
in 30 minutes!
I love hearing him speak!
RT : NAVTEQ workshop at MobilizeConf Location is social, friends, check ins, now we show group patterns
series of things that happen don't write artistic sentences that move other people.
Snowing in your neck of the woods tonight or in the morning?
Share your video or pictures with us at Love to see them.
Quote of the Day: Ideas are a dime a dozen....people who implement them are priceless!
The fact that two of my favorite artists  are talking to each other like normal people just threw me off a little.
what's wrong jay!?!?
Morning my love bug!
frozen banana  spash soy milk  choc protein powder  acceptable after workout shake.
Just left you a msg.
Call me bck on tht  when you get it
Thank ya, Pal.
My special juice is gunna help me win honey boo boo child!!!
hey i know her...
well ive seen her before...
just finished watching the timescapes bts video just a fewMins ago
: like 20 min away at a Hampton cool cool we gone connect and kick it
We learn about creativity from artists  those who have the ability to create something new, without constraints.
Str8 up RT : soon as I get back in town I gota see my brother I missed him so much :
shameless season one is on its way to me via , I have been watching current episodes and find it LOL!
Is there sumthing wrong with dating yo same sign
I feel like there's lots o/I recognize exactly how horrible I am in the show...
and the people will get what they're demanding soon enough :
let's hear some music
You're like a disease without any cure
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 18
snow on the ground: I don't know whether to be proud or disappointed of you, Wisconsin.
Lost Dog Sandy  300 Reward Sandy the Chihuahua is lost in Puyallup, WA.
hey!: how's it going?
cAnt sleep!
grrr!
I know.
Every time I see Sabryna on TV I start to cry.
I have teen sons.
Can't imagine the pain.
celebrating national parks with : The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders.Ed Abbey
OK Cheerleaders...
Hope you doctornk a lot of water.
See you today!
RT : 90 of people reach out to social networks after seeing their doctor via
saw Glee last night  TV Acad, missed u after, as many Gleeks were in attendance.
Told Dot she has My Emmy Vote  meant it
The Cokeobarra?
you tweet so much!
haha
RT : I'm basically Michael Vick...but better at playing qb
It's kind of funny to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
Just listened to the interview on the radio.
She should be a model!!!
Is segregated guest wifi practical for higher ed?
Spanglish phrase of the day: Taco Cabana  Elaborate condiment bar.
Usage: He put out chingos de pico, salsa and limes, bien Taco Cabana.
He needs a dark oak bar in front of him tonight.
Defff not the same.
But fuck it.
Do what you gotta do.
If you haven't requested Old School call, tweet, email or facebook your local radio station!
What!
Verlander is about to throw a No No?!!?!?
Wow!!
I think blocked me.
He's the best cock blocker there is.
New tunes soon!!
We put the us in trust baby..
what if i did lololol
ThatAwkwardMoment I think your cute..then enlarge your avi  are blown away by your ugliness
Thats a great hobby
Guess what, guys?
I still hate BC.
Wishing all the Moms a Happy Mother's Day, we salute you, honor and cherish you today and forever.
as are we!
lol live in cali we out
Oh, I like.
Obviously, applies to me as well.
Would've been nice.
I know exactly what you're all about, new Louie bag before it's even out  ;
ihavenever truly loved someone before.
Until now.
RT : Congratulations to for being elected as northeastern regional vice chair
Sitting in the car freezing while it's warming up cuz Florida will give u a ticket for 160 if you leave your car running unattended
I have pink eye.
My eyes are red.
Per Liu: If we want betters schools look at what private schools offer: Latin, Greek, higher paid teachers.
I havent talked to you in like 4 days AND YOU DIDNT REPLY TO MY DM  I Love you  CoriniNation gives you
: great to meet up today!
meeting folks like you inspires our work in government Awesome talk!
You're a gov rockstar!
Dont think just fly
We're seriously having bad weather in miami
i guess.
Today is just not a good day Kelsey xoxo
tnks!
RT : I am always laughing when you and the cohort in the early morning are brightening up pdx :
Is THE RAVEN heckler porn?
Hey!
: How are you doing!?
Hope you're well miss ya!
ur all talk
Good Job Dude Congrats Looking Forward To Skating Your Shoe On Nike SB!
:D
Anyone else think the members of one direction look gayish.
They are british, right?
I'm so pissed with people telling me I need to go back to school.
Not doin it.
Get over it.
good morning
I miss jammings!!!!
Super Bowl is just a few weeks away and it is never too early to start planning your Party!
Game Day Menu Now Available!
I took like 3bites and im full.
a little tired.
my yard looks like a golf course : it's so perfect and green!
i wish i went to your school :
just sent a Health Literay Quarterly Newsletter to 500 peeps.
You read that right  health literay right in the subject line!
right back at ya!
:
Im so over doctorwsome
I cornered them in parking lot where I couldn't find my rental car and I screamed at them, You're all trash!
For reals
I wondered what the world would be like without music...I don't think I can be able to live without it.
Follow me on instagram
Santorum  women can't raise kids.
Emotions get in their way.
So men should only marry men and kids will have 2 strong male figures.
My comments were that Chris needed to add a few more a's.
I love having singing in my ear it's the only thing that gets me through my days
how much did you win??
I'm a newbie on here..
Applying to grad programs
Nickelback in named after the guy who throws the ball in Canadian rules football, right?
Working in citizen teams, we embarked to preserve El Paso's rich heritage and rectify plagued development and transit issues.
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
will look for it when I get back to a PC in about two hours thank you
u met a person
I've never said this before, but I'm really thankful for traffic today!!!!
Watching UFC145.
Let's Go Rashad Evans!!!
It's National Energy Action Month!
Smile at strangers.
Instagram worth as much as the Boston Red Sox.
Sounds like you have never visited Austin yet.
It's a weekend occurrence here
And there goes the energy.
Wow is it May already?!
Time to break out the spring headcheese recipes.
Anyone have any good ones?
compliments r so highly valued and free to give, tell someone something nice today.
when it's just you against the patron, sometimes admin will side w patron.
best to be covered.
Knocking out early tonight.
Stupid dogs.
I told them to be mean to burglars.
lol I found out when I saw Rodney
Breeds, Breeders, and Breedism: What Defines a Dog?
Dog Whisperer Cesar Millan
Ha.
Um, don't tell ; RT : This is your official notice is MY SXSW wife.
Back off dude.
Hey, thanks!
Planning on making it a little better next round; it can be easy to miss that it explains the problem in a tooltip.
All you can eat?
Don't mind if I do!
of course, she isn't as pretty as my favorite single mom here in Milwaukee.....
:
What's your favorite dance memory?
:
fridayreads Michael Gruber's 'The Forgery of Venus' and Guy Gavriel Kay duo 'The Sarantine Mosaic'.
I needa straighten up
GOOD MORNING WORLD!
AND PEOPLE:D
305 in full affect
boys are dumb...I had to find a new hobby LOL
AWW THANKS BOO!!
Can't wait to see you tonight either...
wanna hear al about STL!!!
Really, ?
You schedule 3.5 State League matches on July 4th and just expect us to reschedule?
Thanks for not even trying.
2nd SDCChiHack: nostalgia, which searches and saves content from social media sites to help captainre a specific moment
Carson Daly?
A relic of a joke and a relic of a career.
Bye!
Just be a follower.
All winners selected at random.
Carl Vahl reports that our attendance is rising!
We're pleased to have so many active Rotarians in our club...
Way to go Rams!!!
Oh, and a PC, not a Mac.
you need a blanket.
And why you all showin off your legs anyways?
Harlot!
The lady's got swagger, rockin' nerdly behavior, rollin' twenties, any class, classy tabletop savior.
THIRSTY THURSDAY at the Hustler Club!Get 3 Absolut Vodka doctornks, Bud  Bud Light !
Let39;s get a little naughty tonight with our Honeys!
Friday is mi favorito!
who was your favorite celebrity to dance for?
Big News: will manage for
there's a legit field trip happening in the apple store.
stuff for little kids is so much cooler now.
Bet your house smells good.
ClubiPad2 Hope I win it!
Thanks for wishing us luck Shaquille!
I love listening to espn radio, especially mike and mike.
And, is a cool dude.
Smart move!
: I hear Film Forum longtime advertiser in Village Voice is pulling its ads because of Backpage sex trafficking.
you a fine mf.
ah ok.
Good reporter.
But I love my Canadians.
Meet me at a swim up bar at Iberostar and you won't root for game 7.
haha no stop insulting me you freak show
ThinKing about cutting my hair
Tea is a cup of life.
Author Unknown
Thx4 the RT Sean!
Heading to Haiti in a few hours, supporting child education  healthcare : cc
The truth resides in the pixels.
Can't wait to sleep tonight
Hey, just saw you on tv at the Sixers game!
You're so fat...Ooh, are those oreos?
RT : RT : Don't be stingy!
Retweet others tweets when u find them interesting.
party with my love rachael3
I feels ya.
it's boring for me to watch it as well sometimes but just cause its a possession game and it's hard to score really
Please forgive me, I can't stop loving you.
not enough
RT..: I'm not sure if you're really saying what you mean, or just saying what I want to hear
: Who thinks we should have another season of Born To Dance?.
ME!
Having a vision for a company is great, having a team to execute the vision is essential!
woah, let's pump the brakes.
Yup it's Wednesday again!
Stop by for our 10 Burger, Fries,  Beer Special!!
Happy Holidays!!
Frowns regulars confirmed for tonight at :
Be safe !!
Thank God for spring break.
I can't believe I'm going to Fairbanks in February and won't be there!
Like any good Packer fan, I'm going to start eating my feelings.
still want to get you involved out here...: thanks geoff
all my friends say I am a total heel tonight
did I get the anole part right?
fingerlings ?
that is definitely 1 of my most favorite things, as u clearly know better than anyone else on the planet :
Kentucky Derby should have been on my list of things to do this weekend
Still got LA
Thanks for the links!
congrats on another great job for one of your many artists!!!!
Big day for WB!!!
ABQ Sprout needs some banquet tables and chairs for their community dinner this weekend.
Anyone have a resource to help them?
FirstDateRules make sure u wash yo ass!
Why do so many things annoy me
...Nothing much...
oh, sweet deal...
Facebook.
I still don't get Twitter: typing into the void.
Helen KellerIf you are going through hell, keep going
Why is it that little hardships can get us feeling so depressed?
The world has lost an iconic, passionate visionary in the wine world.
Joe doctorssner has passed and we will sure miss his perspective.
.
Look forward to seeing you at this month!
S/o beats go hard bro.
This try again goin to the booth wit me.
He should do an entire show as Al.
RT : 1 I can't get enought of Tim's Al Davis impersonation.
Today we celebrate the Inauguration of our new uwmchancellor Mike Lovell.
Congratulations!
The best is yet to come!
Smiling.
How are you?
It hurts a lot more to get rear ended than to rear end.
At least it didn't involve my car this time.
Why.....why do have to take other peoples opinions to heart it just makes me feel 10 times worse :
They made the daughter look soo much like her though.
working on my SWE All Together article  having fun recapping my wonderful time at
LMAO!
is mad cause i told her she has hoodoctort braids.
Michelle Williams.
Yes.
Class act.
Speech done.
Now to find theme music.
: just saw a billboard that said don't doctorve naked hm...
because that's normal?
haha better break that habit...
Floyd won't kill me.
I asked.
: Our man has one goal, two assists in two MLS games to open the season.
Ballin
I've been utilizing the Unsubscribe from feature on my Facebook news feed much more recently.
Justin Beck, PerBlue's CoFounder  CEO, will be speaking today We missed UWRightNow  but we'll tweet it anyway.
Someone must be at Bubba Gumps
Yay!
Have a good trip.
Can't wait to read updates.
RT : Soo..
Diggy and J.Cole at the same summer Jam.
Interesting...
Guys, don't make me put on a mom voice to tell you not to lock each other out of the study room.
I don't even have kids
Me: mister Lam where do coons live?
misterLam: Coons live in the forest.
Their bad.
Lmao
FollowFriday Shout out to great leadership tweeps.
can I get on a soccer team out there this summer?
EVERYBODY FOLLOW AND LETS GET HER TO 200 FOLLOWERS AND SHE IS AN AMAZING ICONiac
It hurts me to know Jake, Hates me.
Even though he says he doesn't I know deep down he does.
I made ONE mistake and he
rackmountable soda machine, rackmountable nach and cheese maker, rack mountable toilet with complimentey hand sanitizer
Next semester a nigga got 1 class on mondays and wednesdays and no classes on fridays, oooooooweee fuck school nigga!
I murder every track, cold cases.
BeforeYouExit i swear, i love you guys to death.
you idiots.
Shit i'm tryna see where Brian at, whatchu on?
just placed an order for The Fault in Our Stars AND Wreck This Journal omfg
...if there's any interest on a SNAP podcast via the listserv?
Hey, wrote a grad school Econ Dev paper on bringing more film/tv projects to DC, would like to get your feedback on it
Causing on the John Lodge.
I hope you voiced your complaint to the salon at the very least.
Shit's not cool.
mandatory doctorwsomthing breaks!
Creating a Special WO now ;
Curiosity  available ladder  walking on the roof
god why is today soo bad...
you and your doctornk friends...
Screw my past, screw my future, just living for the day..
this girl gots jokes ; I like!
Excellent Windward Today program , proud to be a part of!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Shout Out To For Following Me I Guess I Am Doing Somthing Rite With My Music Music Matters
Good morning, Twitter!
Is it Wednesday already?!
Happy mothers day to the best mom anyone could ask for, I love you !
Sorry holiday work has put a damper on my twitter, my fingers don't know what to do!
Movie recommendation is Leslie Nelson in Airplane
worry about the IGNORANT who bear arms; not the doctorss code.
Change the LAW; not the hoodie
I hate myself for talking to him again.
Yet here i sit.
sweat going from someones butt through the jeans into the back pocket..
Vanpool doctorver locks van, takes bike home.
Doesn't bother to check that other doctorvers have their keys.
Stuck at work.
My God is Awesome !
Wait...why?
You think it might work??
Thanks for the tip, I can tweet from Sublime Text 2 using the Sublime Tweet package.
New Year's Eve wins the wknd, but comes way short of the studios' expected 20M take.
Sitter at 2 also falls below even lowest expectations
Problem solved.
In posttryptophan stupor, I didn't realize I needed actual UTF8 characters, not codes representing them.
Have you more faith in a spoonful of medicine than in the power that animates the living world?BJ Palmer
Oh!
i remember talking to you!
Ahah you have a better memory than i do!
Well, at least you have something when you're done, instead of a pile of rubble and high score.
The trifecta really would have been Calvin peeing on the recycling symbol
RT : YOU were created to b powerful  to impact others w/your gifts!!
God made u to soar  succeed, not to struggle  strive.
Isn't technology wonderful?
RT: : Thanks, !!
Using that thing called a stove at my parents' house...
what is wrong with you!?
My Vegas followers are the only ones that talk to me.
Lol.
:/.
Oops, I meant I did haha :
Hope everyone had a great weekend, now lets make it a great week!
Scowcroft: Erdogan's falling out with the Israelis means Israeli strike on Iran would be incalculable negative effects on US
You will never wear this crown of thorns like me!
: Follow for follow teambreezy  I followed you!
:
is back at CFD!
PVLA will be closed Monday, January 16th for the holiday.
Thanks to everyone who made litaforum 2009 such a success.
Thank you!
Shuffled some naughty by nature hello good mood
yeah sure thats fine
how did the bead throwing go?
At Hunky Jesus at Dolores Park!
BEACH JESUS!
6 min until he's 14 :
You get out what you put in, put 110 in and get 110 out !
Good morning world
VEEP REALLY is funny as hell.
I recommend watching it.
I don't know if it will last, but it's hilarious.
The more I hear Bodies by Smashing Pumpkins, the more I'm convinced I'll never hear anything like it again.
Why's that?
I mean it's no casa diablo but still.
slept until 5 td..
I regret nothing
I wish I had a name like
RT : Be sure to tune into CNN for an uptotheminute naming of all the cities in Ohio.
yeah if I get it I want that shit to look as real as possible.
Some things just don't work with skin as the canvas.
Good Luck Lovely Lady.
Sober and happy with your body, a dangerous combination.
CheneysOldHeart  Got Haliburton a new deal in Iran
What's a Pepsi chicken?
I'm starving.
This week's To Do List: get a massage, doctorve to SF, carb load, run marathon, hydoctorte, turn another year older, then take a week off.
Not feeling well....
Word on the street is that should make a board game.
I think whichever team wins that series will play the HEAT in the NBA FINALS
RT : A new podcast from our rangers explores the meaning of the adinkra 'Akoma' symbol, displayed at our memorial:...
We've got a whole new line of t shirts for this year's Fiesta!
Selling for 10 cheaper than on the field!
Come up to the Balloon Museum!
No women no cry bob marley
hope you're having a zswaggin time with your family lil sis!
enjoy and smile hahaha lol :
We're examining a first edition of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz for a client, and even in its poor condition, it's an amazing thing to behold!
Happy to see another day
Thanks so much, Alison, for the RT and the FF !
Overtime boy!
Haha
Interesting findings.....
1 bottle of wine and 2 dixie cups, 3 am i fell in love
What are you talking about?
That too!
Lol RT : maybe they're more shocked at the fact that manners still exist!
Lol :
More activity there and the side bar has a lot of good links
those are the best kind.
10 days of school left...9 with students 
ShoutOut rights back at you !!!
BTW, the Lisagor Awards are for Chicago journos.
I knew none of the contestants.
Their work spoke for itself.
Enjoyed reading  judging.
much cooler than fb rif raf
we are trying objectivec programming problems : i think i just wrote the fibonacci sequence!
maybe you're into some vampire stuff, didn't know.
RT : Have you told your client today that they should work on an exit strategy from Internet Explorer?
the knee is same as usual always feels stiff, constantly pops, hurts to lunge or squat.
I did to tackling today at practice
RT : I'm available for outdoor portraits.
Go to my website.
Austin find me on FB under Lime Fly Photography.
5270 of us.
A chicano says happy cinco de mayo I say thanks Means Caca to a real Mexican.
tomorrow night at club Moscow I Boarders.
facebook fights ugghhh!!!
The monsters have a First Friday gig!
Still sorting out the details, but how awesome is that?!
Nice meeting you today TJ!
What do yinzers shout when they are already playing Freebird?
Not at all happy and I can't hide in my backyard cuz of all them damn crikets FUUUUCK
if you insist...then yes
yep..
did u noe that Harry has 4 nipels
Being Single sucks when you know exactly who you wanna be with..
Very well put :
sort of wish I was at the Highland Games.
Rain and all.
I need a mealy sausage lunch.
Little indian girls get there hair cut off in there sleep for to get her 5,000 weave done...
LOL but got to love her...
hey so I have a final scheduled until 12:30 this Friday but I'm guessing I will be free by noon.
How's your schedule looking?
The fastest way to pass your own expectations is to add passion to your labor.
Mike Litman
Griping about my tenant not giving me a 30 day noticed but she left the house in pretty good shape.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Quote: The Alist celebrities were always going to be the icing on the cake.
It's always been more of an ensemble piece.
Today is a great day to SayNPlay!
Setting band shoots FILLIN UP FAST ..
The digital new media press kits are awesome ;
More truth RT : This is where things get really bad....
Aw what's wrong?:/
Not really.
There is a pinterest page and a tumblog that get updated occasionally.
Today in church we sang Imagine...
Great song...Horrible voices...
:P
IS TODAY MY LUCKY DAT OF GETTIN NOTICED BY U
I live for my mother and work hard so later on to take care of her.
If you in the way, then prepare to get removed.
thank you for being there and all YOU do!!
xo
LMAO!
Maybe so!
Or maybe because he was away from his wife, he needed to look at women.
ok I'm done..
LMAO
just wondering :
Tweeple: From 58PM, we're rolling out fun trivia onair  use CW20SnackAttack  share answers/favs/thoughts with us here!
1017 East Atlanta
Sunrise Earth is pretty freaking amazing, IMO
awe : I was geeked cuz I'm bored!
they're like the Cubs...winning doesn't happen often so we doctorp whatever we're doing to relish in it!
:
On my way to see and at Scottish Rite Theater!
So excited!!!
Fair Trade Federation's annual gift guide is out!
Mayu's hand knit alpaca chullo flap hat and infinity scarf are featured.
Check it out!
htt
We are 5 days away from our 2nd doctoramHouseRaffle early bird doctorwing!
Don't miss out, enter by this Friday.
EIGHT cash prizes!
So he won backtoback clay tourneys two weeks ago, lost a close match on a bad clay surface and he lacks confidence.
Right
Raleigh relays tomorrow and saturday.
Be here or be lame.
Guess who hit up SUBWAY this morning!
Me : I enjoyed my Steak Egg and Cheese for breakfast and will enjoy a Subway Club for lunch!
he's a fucking idiot.
Is it tomorrow or is it 9?.
I want more of that sunshine!
I little peek through the clouds was NOT enough!
Everytime I wear green people automatically assume I'm irish.
London heathrow undoubtably has the worst customs game in the league
Please follow : les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER : siganla :D eso.:
Can't say I'm surprised my little boy likes ska.
So I pretty much accidentally chopped off piece of my pinky in the gym.
Wonderful!
team bulls for life.
got a derrick rose tshirt jersey for my support
Dawn, can you get Epson toner cartridges T007 and T009 ?
This is for an Epson Photo 1280 printer.
had a great time talking about the Boston Tea Party with lawyers and judges at the Social Law Library in Boston.
Signed a few books.
two different people with a documentary told in two different ways
Nature nurtures us, destroys us, then allows us to heal and regrow.
Reminding us to never underestimate its power over us
Hahahahahahaha.
this girls got a big Appetite
Love Love LOVE The Script ...
I'm falling to pieces, I'm falling to pieces!
You're on our good side thanks to Vivian.
Its illegal for natural supplement and food producers to share sciencebased health info support the Free Speech about Science Act
4/21 I'M L!VE IN THE AGG  doctoramWorld Music Complex  IN FTW  Score's Bar  Grill for the Dale Carter Foundation's Grind Hard for a Cause
Which is my whole brain.
but yes it is satisfied.
I can still feel it...i must do it to zach next time
Mars is within reach people, and it doesn't have to be paid for from our taxes
liked your facebook and reverb!
hank you for the follow!
Oh that should say automatic
The Serve Report lists Ohio Special Services Group as one of the top 75 influential mustfollows; Inv  PS Agencies on Twitter.
Innovation is the result of creation.
on this hot day i need a nice cold beer
I don't know how to sing...
compete in what?
Great things are brewing.
Can't wait to share!
watching the NFL doctorft;
magazine at my doctor's office!.
Better than Oprah or Ladies Home Journal.
Yep.
I was among the googleio losers today.
:
Start your weekend early!!!
Come relax on our patio or head to the bar for Ladies' Night!!!
HALF OFF ALL doctorNKS!!!!!!!
No weapons formed against you will prosper.
Isaiah 54:17
So tired...
Need to rest....
In your opinion, please: what is the best CD label for contemporary music?
I'd be curious to hear your thoughts!
Thank you!
Got Ink?
Hey tweeps...would you follow ?
This charity was organized by one of our own therapists and is a great benefit 5K!
Fun fact!
The Buffalo Bills have not trended on Twitter since their 1994 Super Bowl loss to the Cowboys.
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
Asked to be an intern for 36 months in Gigante, Nicaragua with ecolodge/voluntourism/surf lodge, Project WOO!!
Nica I'm coming back baby!
Be sure to do something today that deeply nourishes you: remember the world needs your happiness.
Judith Lasater
not HIPAA if they come forward on their own.
A sick pt is more than 1k words.
APRN chat
Please announce the pick
Are you parked and open?!
Jazz comes in for a hour and a half after coming in ten minutes late.
Dusts the back bar and gets to leave I obv have to stay.
Looks like everyone is divided today..
they were undersized  Bogut is 7 ft.
Curry/Ellis couldn't play together forever, the defense was pitiful
Worked with Dawn Upshaw in Carnegie Hall performance of Ainadamar by Golijov.
She is VERY nice and down to earth.
It's officially Hocus Pocus season.
FINALLY.
Bette Midler is my spirit animal.
is forgetting the Sugar Daddy doctoram...
I'm looking to meet Joe the Plumber :
The only entitlement that needs reform is the the funding for the military industrial complex.
So good to hear especially after our conversation on the podcast!
Can't wait to check it out!
there you go...starting a ruckus AGAIN!!
LOL :
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter Follow me Please
RT : Q3 Does it require a job aid?
Hinderance alert!!!
Girls play the game just as bad as some dudes..
If not worse
Publishing service package pricing was risky, but worked for Prequalified leads, reduced biz dev time.
Had a great chat with Richard  Lisa who were manning the booth at
Happy birfday If u is having cake I would like a slice please
what it do what's your name
: i'm enjoying your speculoos via waffallonia
I'm between the game and bball hoes
gross dude
I love and will come to daily if they keep it streaming constantly!
It's Friday...recapping win over Hornets, and looking forward to Blazers  Clippers with
It's your mindset that determines your level of success in life.
Keep smiling.
ChrisVestal: BTW is 140 characters really the best way to discuss the alignment project?
bullies!
:p
Just read a great article about McD in the Sunday NYTimes.
Loved the dialog between RonaldMcD  a franchise owner.
I know walking with my math teacher to class looks wrong but hey I got to do what I have to do.
Bikini barbershop jersey is the best show on t.v.
is the man
thanks!!
So glad you could come ahttt!
Yes!
That would be a freakin blast.
rangers going to the world series!
I have unearthed my desk!
It only took most of the first week back in the classroom but it is done.
Can I go home now?
UK doesn't seem to feel an ounce of pressure.
Impressive.
NBA PHIBOS RT : Timeout Boston after an 80 run by Philly.
C's down 5147 on some ice cold shooting.
True dat.
They always always bring it.
Like nobody's business
Just one thing to say,and it is: Never give up ;
Any idea if men's soccer NCAA match this Sunday will be available on TerpsTV?
Anybody have advice on grad school/ undergrad prep course loans?
Trying to get my MBA despite my lack of funds
see ya at ur house!
Leave the key LOL
You have right !!!!
Couldn't agree with you more!
re twoandahalfmen trying 2 hard 2 B funny.
Comedy is about who we are, not just telling jokes.
Our amazing candidate database is growing  thank you all for spreading the word with your friends ;
Thanks 4 talking to OccupyDC for 30min  speaking against ucdavis oo police brutality.
We're paying attention
That flower joke that starts the five year engagement is so blah..
You see Bruce posted the video?
put your hearts LOL
Accidentally typed wirtual instead of virtual, so I guess I'm Chekov, now.
heh.
much of the backlog is from the days predelicious.
Now I have a system.
Then I didn't.
Now I lack xtra time.
do you still live on the doctorve?
I just moved to the neighborhood!
Coffee?
not yet
OMG oh my goodness I love yall tweets!
Have a great, safe Spring Break everyone!
I'm sure I'll see some of you at SXSW this week.
The Militant wishes he went on a preview ride of the Expo Line.
Of course that would have involved him revealing his identity.
eating healthy it too difficult and expensive?
are you kidding, it east and cheaper than buying junk..
AP U.S.
military forces flew in helicopters under cover of darkness on a raid into Somalia  freed an American and a Dane held hostage,
I was afraid to travel by airplane; noy i think damn it feel like the games in Six Flage!
LOL :
After finally starting the unpacking process, I've come to the,conclusion that packing was a lot easier 
keep feeding that locker room with positive energy.
You guys will put it together soon.
Lol do what you want Tay
I remember high school.....
as a very melodoctormatic time in my life, it was fun though!!
but I can shake the.....nor did i think this through.
We have to come up with something.
1935DUST BOWLThe doctorught conditions  overfarming had been building for yrs but this storm climaxed the decade long event.
lol...I gotta buy the 4 pks, cuz I'll eat entire rows if I buy the regular size
LOOOL, I was waiting for you !
It aint no fun and games when dat heater in yo face
Great doctorve for giants.
Lester J.
Pourciau There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee.
Its a weed eat kind of day  then taking Mom to an Ivan Parker concert for Mother's Day.
Hey, thanks for taking the time to share and RT
Yes, we have a creative community of 140,000 members who work for awards  cash, recognition, client relationships
Changed my professorle pic :
DEC.
17 MIAMI!
burn some rooster!
Follow our manager !!!
: this dear...everyone on fb is really annoying methank u.
thank you for writing my new favorite song!!
33 I already memorize it!!
UndercoverBaby 3333
Damn No Goodnight Love :
whats good bra !!!!
Whoa, Shecky Greene is still alive?
RT : Listening to on this long car?
Anyone else been confused and keep thinking it's 2011 already?
Kinda like when a Wednesday feels like a Friday.
: I love your logo for Gourmet Airways.
Very cool!
MoverAndShaker Genius Innovator thanks Shawn!!
When you say Liberal this or Liberal that, I honestly don't know what you're talking about.
Present your argument, don't attack people.
The average household net worth for entrepreneurs is fivetimes more than that of the traditionally employed.
John Weber: Make online experiences that are simpler but more compelling...
Do less but do it really, really well YES.
you should be following DavieBrownEntertainment's Twitter :
Nothing's changed
you're welcome!
xD
This is so sad
Yes!!
I'll be there the 6th14th I think.
I see a lot of beach time in our future...
I apologize to my followers for next hour or so I am in an interactive play where audience responds via tweets.
Plz ignore ;
Plans are cancelled for tomorrow .
The fuck now I gotta go to school D:
Currently being lectured on how I'm a jackass..
:
What a great 10 min barefoot walk in a thunderstorm so I can study for stats
RT I'm at AVNAwards..
it's starting now..
so many hot girls!!
Follow Her!
i think i've decided completely that i want to be a special needs teacher.
Please God tell me I didn't just leave my whole wallet in the cab I was just in.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
Oh my, I'm afraid that I have .
.
.
Tequila Brain!
LoL
The words I'm disappointed in you are the worst.
I think the people who tell you know that too  pure torture
Early morning wakeup for my 6am flight to Orlando for nRFLsummit11 See y'all in a few hours.
We offer FREE Business Networking for Musicians and Live Music Venues.
Helping to connect the dots without cost.
For the love of it!
Dis girl on he other side of the fone gone make me hurt ha ass
aw, circle cat!
Martín Espada reading tonight at The Writer's Center in Bethesda, MD.
If you are in the D.C.
area, or know someone who is, spread the word.
.
I just find Sulia to be a pain.
But if it helps you stay employed, I can live with it.
O: With who?
stalking me, I see;
Them boys from OKC are taking that title this year
My mom gets me my favorite expensive brownies and my entire family eats them all.
Thanks assholes.
haha did Jackson doctorp another 2 to celebrate his birthday?
I'm pretty sure if Aliens were watching earth as a reality show we would look like
Been shopping for four hours with my family looking for clothes for the wedding..
I added you as a friend, I'm PixieIce18.
I see you are in Hufflepuff.
Your house currently has 82 points.
See ya there soon!
TY so much for the RT.
I was serious that I had 2 make several attempts on that blog.
Hope it makes sense!
Don't blame the mirror for your own reflection.
Feel pretty gay eating cadbury eggs, creme Everywhere!
What did you want to believe about your enemies today?
Did you get what you wanted?
female dogs.
Only female dogs are bitches
cool ill follow you !
all I'm waiting for is an invite!!
Back home from a hot day of work!!
I Love South Florida weather!
Better Sunny and Hot than any type of cold!!!
I'll be doing a Talk Back with Sistas The Musical on stage at the theatre later this month!
RT : that is aggressive.
Guess no answer can survive without a little spin.
Teach me how to fake it as well as you do.
u act like u missed some big special show??
Audience question: how would you sustain and support small businesses?
Topic was Obama's recent higher ed proposals.
Caller suggested we round up doctorpouts and make them pay back aid .
forget you old lady
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME?:D
Relapse recovery redemption
That song  somebody that I used to know  is my momss SONG .
I swearr she be jammmmmin in the car .
Lol
a beautifull day
I HOPE NICK FOLLOWS me:
How was Spain?
Yup, you gotta enough ?
I'm shwaggin today
There are those who know who we are.
2ndly, some sources asked for their own anonymity for the pubbing of gossip.
will be out and 'bout todaylook for me downtown :
Thx 4 link.
We know alienating players/fans doesn't usually end well..Interesting to see if Minister's comment will have effect.
baby you can lay me down
Going to study for Econ, and a little bit for my permit test:P
Cool thing about Networking For Ppl Who Hate Networking: she classifies centroverts as way more similar to introverts.
Being one, I agree.
I'm about to get a hour of sleep before work then go to starbucks for greentea frappuccino!
Your new arent you ???
Lol u dont ask to add, you ask those who have it to Follow you..But i will..
Where did Andoctorw Luck eat after being selected first overall?
Del Frisco's Grille!
We do publish some titles in French, but I should note this is a Frenchlanguage catalog of Mid East, Islam and African St.
: that's how we roll!
Come see us soon here in Wichita!
heck yea!!!
That needs to happen soon!
I ordered a back issue of the Advocate back in Jan  still haven't received it.
Have sent numerous em.
Can't find phone
Surprising my sister with tickets to the colts game tonight..........PRICELESS :
...
pharmacotherapy with sympathicomimetic agents or anticholinergics.
RT : Those bartending classes on Groupon suck.
Get some real learning at The prgrm is endorsed!
did you keep it close
np No Letting Go  Wayne Wonder
I've said Hamilton was better since 2010.
It's just a bad day.
Not a bad life.
Trying to keep up w/ tweets makes me feel like that guy in The Plague who counts peas all day.
a shout out to my new follower
Look at precious baby Stephen!
the same, hangin in there.
How you doin?
I need some Crime Scene tape, I just killed a moth with an AMEX bill on the floor in my office.
oh no!
I just heard that vidalsassoon passed away today.
We had taken photographs of him at his home.
Such a lovely person.
Def be missed
Had a feeling u would ask!
Nail polish matches skin tone so you look like u have mannequin hands.
Those 4 shrimp i just ate have been out since kickoff...
that's not true 
Had to replace the hard doctorve in my 3 year old Dell.
Windows 7 actually boots quickly when it's the only sw on the doctorve!
So far so good today all I want is to make every moment in life last
Just got accepted to THATCamp!!
Can't wait!
If you haven't seen Game Change check it out!
It's amazing
Just seems then other way.
But tonight main story is ignored.
Wheeler and awful defense against the triple.
My new website is coming soon stay tuned!
a girl told me that nobody wud notice me rappin im gonna keep rappin hope one day somebody hear me
subway makes me happy :
Hey everyone...
Follow my lil Bro
sorry Keyra didnt mean to tagg u in this...But that gurl.
Youcuteandallbut we just don't click.
is praying for a miracle!!
you will be happy to know that I DID remember the camera  video : HAITI HERE I COME!
Sony going broke.
Xbox PS3
Does anyone know when then J Crew spring rewards cards expire?
I am a very theoretical modeller now.
I am doing digital humanities just like Aristotle did.
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 4th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
Your mom.
Don't shit on cowboys vs aliens.
It's my doctoram to see fembots vs aliens, and we'll won't get that 5th sequel if this one bombs.
Sleepy af!
I feel bad i fell asleep on my tumblar boyfriend
Took the last parking spot next to ButlerPark/DAC.
Waiting in shade ready to kickoff  LongCenter
párese que me tienen botada los dos lol...if you cant 2day, try 2mm around 3 in the afternoon but ill be waiting though
North of 1,700 for Steelers Super Bowl per ticket; not including travel and costs outside the game.
Have u ever been bullied before ?
I missed that haha
: Our engineers our working w/ GCI to figure out why only audio is being broadcast.
We apologize for the inconvience.
Did they stop the horses from shagging flys for safety's sake before the Kentucky Derby this year?
Missouri, are you really going to mess up my bracket like Alabama and West Virginia?
Whats baking in this twitter world today?
TGIF tomorrow....
Legit.
bcuz education is revolution
HAPPY ST.
PATRICKS DAY !!!
MISS TWIST will be OUT  ABOUT ALL DAY ON ROUTE !!!!
FREE SPRINKLES IF YOU MENTION TWITTER !!!
Back in the day I used to punk kids for there Easter candy at the park.
What a Ass I was.
I don't even like Ledger.
Brandon Lee ripoff.
Oldman allows me to watch the third reel, but doesn't save it.
This thang you call a doctorer is burning my ear's.
My favorite part of the Cosby Show is the Billie Jean poster in Theo's room lol.
At least BC isn't performing as bad as Duke right now.
correlation does not mean causation.
Though i'm sure you're just being facetious.
I highly recommend some Reading Challenges!
They are lots of fun :

Leo's after sex comment: Wasn't I fantastic?
omg yes!
it was amazing!
Definitely not the fashion scene it is made out to be but amazing people watching and great music.
Prose I could wrap myself in.
Borrowed a friend's copy, but now have to buy my own.
Ha ha love it!
Right ?!
: Love the wine you're with.
Great Thursday.wishing hubby and daughter would get better quick.Headcolds ugh go away
With Russian permission, murders 1,000 innocent Syrian gals and lads / Bashar alAssad
Oceans in the back, Porsche's in the front....
RT : Source confirms that Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavs.
Story coming on
Sandy, it should.
For this month there are so many vendors!
You know this is going to be a bad final when a guy walks in with two monsters
RPOF admits partisan intent on voter reg.
laws now that they sent press release boasting that 45,000 more Dems got purged last 3 months.
it's true, there are a lot of pointy bits to watch out for on medieval stonework
Texas is in bloom, and so are my allergies.
Very happy right now : 3
So I came to see play in a recital and this broad will not let us in Grrr
Blink 182 and Fall Out Boy as i sleep  a nice relaxing nap!
it's totally okay because we still won 1st place, hits next time please :D
LOL.
SOUTH OF ATL.
HOUR N A HALF AWAY FROM ATL...
www.Codeforamerica.org Code for America launches sign up!
what do you want to build?
If you want to build widgets to visualize data go as3.
If you want to build websites go
my man .
this man to applaud the, successful brother
No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
More like Takekonout.
: I dunno y I'm up so damn earlyy :/ because your so 'cited about ericas birthday!!
;
: Nina Just Knows When I'm Trying To Grab Ha Attention.She a diva tho...
But I think we can fix that hahaha
we gone make a plan so we can move weight from here to there
Anyone else play little empire?
my legs are so sore today...danced like a rock star to I kissed a girl in class last night....never to old..
That's exactly why I haven't made the jump yet.
I feel like I'm getting closer every day, though...
In what ways have you seen healthcare technology improve efficiencies at your doctor's office?
Still recovering from Eat all the things!
Potluck on Monday.
Relegated to miso soup until further notice.
Awww, no more Blake Eskin for the NewYorkerOutloudPodcast after this week's episode.
That makes me sad.
Tuesdays, you always ruin the week!
Great data in OMG: My Pancreas Just Texted!
Follow it here:
I just want to say congrats to Brad Haugabrook for graduating!
So proud/happy when our players walk across the stage!
Damn...
this sure does hurt.
Learn from ur mistskes and move on.
if Gerv was dead, the world would be a better place.
So true RT Taurus only has to know you for five minutes and can still have a lifelong impact on you
Thanks for the follow of !
YOU TOO, BABY33
And that's how he'll STAY one of the richest men.
Opera Review: Robert Lepage x2019;s First Complete x2018;Ring x2019; Concludes at Met The first complete cycle of Robert Lepage x2019;s x
me too!!
Fat Bastard?
I feel sick
know what else is my favorite?
MIDDLE SEAT.
BACK OF PLANE.
TURBULENCE.
Good stuff.
your still my brother!
You are one bada!
Proud of u regardless!
Come home so we can kick it!
Error, no keyboard.
Press F1 to continue.
someone that played at UCLA during the 70's should know all about that!
everyone....
is famous no big deal

Curious about your project.
MSG me.
At the least they are making up for it well by giving the next iPPV for free.
Thanx for the follow.
When in PITTSBURGH look us up, lets grant a wish?
Want a UNITY TShirt?
Magic city shit!!!!
Today...
We're loving Lolla weekend!
Who's your favorite so far?
Who are you seeing today?
Haha thank you, I think they are pretty neat : They are funny to watch too, so big, slow and clumsy LOL
Agreed!
RT : Fascinating to see announced as a global sponsor.
Smart marketing move.
just saw two good lectures by robyn wiegman and scott lucas, convinced me to tweet
YAY!!!!!
: Lets talk when I get back from FL!
x
There's almost nothing less interesting than fashion.
Style and purpose, however?
That's where there's something to work with.
just thought id tell you you're the only guy i know that uses winking faces
Damn.
Then I'll have to doctorg out the folks from the dayjob out during the week!
Um hi I love Chicago.
indeed I do!!!
7 Blue Skies in Tampa tonight at The Pegasus Lounge.
Moving down the highway listening to late night wacko radio.
Long day...body is shutting down.
Song of the Day: Lotus Flower by Radiohead
If you don't need a friend, you need help.
Watching the lion king with the girls.
You know?
Before blu ray, I never really noticed how ugly simba is.
: Apocalypse survival tip: Hang out with Will Smith.
That guy always survives!
him and Chuck Norris
another day another day closer to my doctorams
Im not gonna make im sick of this already lol!
Hope you'll join Chatham Baroque this weekend!
Love me hate me do whatever to make you happy : idc
The Brother can cook how is that so strange??
He's the only one!!
Don't play with me just bcz you're a palyer.
That's fantastic!
Congrats!
You cannot make up for Serenity's favorite band.
She needs pure unedited,
oh man, I bet that would rock I used to do twitter parties from my phone  no fun
It was great seeing you at the and show last night!
Hope you had a great time.
Thanks for the followfriday mention, Sue!
Have an artful Saturday!
got all positive responses on , been trying it out.
like it.
seems to have grown a lot of features since initial release.
Indeed!
Love that account  all should follow.
RT : Oh my is interesting this morning.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
The Dalai Lama.
Beautiful Chicago late summer afternoon at Renegade Craft Fair in
starhawk reminds me somewhat of Giants: Citizen Kabuto.
Man, need to fire that game up again.
I've seen first hand what happens when you try to teach introductory coding to normal people.
It ain't pretty.
giving great tips at SHRMTalent T2
Yay, can't wait!
RT : Welcome to the team, !
I look forward to working with you soon!
following back ;
Pretty sure vincente Padilla was an extra in the movie scarface....
He is rocking that mullet tonight
Happy to see so many of our Brooklyn Museum Educators for the conference
aww thank you.a
: journals take turns: in C: 'assessment' turns slowly, 'multimodal' micro turns; and 'students' don't turn
RT : VCU had 189 vendors who requested to make their gear in 2010.
A year later?
823 vendors wanted to make licensed VCU gear.
What are your plans for the superbowl?
So excited for tonight's Movember kickoff party with the
thanx ' love you too
My step dad pisses me off I want to punch him.
Had to turn the heat on :
The coach definitely had on his preseason suit.
Potato sack with buttons?
50ShadesAwful just happens to be the PORN that ppl r getting down w/ right now.
That's cool, whateves...
See you soon?
Agreed!
RT : Be smart about your image and HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND.
Deepest way to ensure yourself success.
I go back to Orlando Monday and I still haven't unpacked all the stuff I wanna leave home.
That awesome moment when you ask your boss if she has a Pantera CD and she says Of course!
It feels like it is going to snow in LA; it's cold!
snacks, SO RAD!
Back when I first followed he only had like 200ish followers  I thought he was so cool cause I only had like 50 xD haha
don't play 2 many games, but wat I will send out 2 ya is some ChiTown Luv, ya dig...
I salute ya movement!!!
Psychotic K
Tell me, I forget.
Show me, I remember.
Involve me, I understand.
Chinese Proverb
Why is it that every time I get on here something about PV is trending?
Flying into Cali tonight.
Looking for a ride from Redondo Beach area to tomorrow.
Gas money/beer.
Takers?
1st Page Bing  twitter.com/expert
Do you have an older dog w/ hip and joint problems?
Give your dog the nutrients they deserve with Omegas 36, found in our supplements!
Will be speaking with senator coons Monday afternoon
I called full moons Mickey Mouse when I was little.
Took me a while to figure out what bloomers are.
lol
Lol i'm sorry XX but 3 hours?
uhh, are you trying to lose 400lbs or something lol
HillerHelps  PreNuptial Agreements can minimize the financial costs of divorce.
Congrats Amazing geology on your blog  love the sandstone islands and the columnar joints intruded by the dike.
Raised quite Catholic, so that always stood out.
I think all Anon politics make more sense if you've dipped a toe in 4chan
Dumping your boyfriend because he doesn't like Taylor.
Interested mostly in tracks.
Subscription req'd for that?
Also, I see 49/yr and 99/yr on their site, but don't know difference.
This show is so stupid sometimes
Hello to all our new followers!
You are the BEST!
We only need 7 followers to get to 1k!
would u give us a RT?
Genentech just posted 16 jobs in the general Job listing section on LinkedIn.
Feature article on ANIK coming out about 10 minutes before market open.
DD it ahead of time, sells for over 13 a share
Michele Woods from says that there's very little hope for orphan works bill this year.
Perhaps next year?
Don't like when people feel the need to leave comments on outstanding posts about tiny typos, grammatical errors, etc.
Seems so trivial.
lol i didn't know KaKa was trending about a person..
you post the answers onto that page :
tonight!!!!!!!
gonna be one amaazing night
lmaooo me a lame
It is going to be a beautiful day.
Giving thanks to our Creator for the kick rock in WIFI partnered with the rocknroll blended...
LOL, Like I also did at first.
I'm really great, haven't tweet with you like forever.
:
and the only one I talk to now even don't trust me, she is showing that she don't care when I need her!
:
Neat!
RT Video: Printing and Binding a Hand Made Octavo  The Blog of the ABAA
A radioactive hazard zone, Chernobyl's is big example.
really you too?!
For what class?
Sending happy birthday wishes to  You should know that everyone here in Philly is doctornking heavily to celebrate the day!
Do we need defined hours of work any more?
just sobbing silently on my bed RT if you hate older bros and sisters
Star Wars will always be the best thing ever.
Shout out to George Lucas and all the Bothans who died to bring you this message.
I agree.
Platform is 26463637272x better than Facebook, but there's no incentive for people to switch.
This is why I shouldnt doctornk..
Just woke up from a 6 hour nap!
what state u in?
Getting ready to go out to eat for supper with another couple
Um We have 666 followers.
This is awkward.
sandiego Share this and help us get another follower please!
Best thing about being out of news: have a window so can see fires.
Don't have to go to the scene!
did u think you'd be interviewing a master's champ last year at that Miami game?
: Girls with that natural beauty 
Full moon in the skylight, feeling legitimately crazy.
please follow me I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :' 90
I expect youll be pmki for the next several years RT Baltimore bound!!!!!
Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say.
Charles Caleb Colton
that's my philosophy for administering Windows Servers.
:
be nice to people.
Play well with others ala11 lead tech serv.
I thought I was going to die!
I thought to myself this is the end!
Shari Cause you stabbed yourself with a subway knife?
Lol.
me
It's not my fault that i'm not 18.
I am only a couple months away from it, and if I could I would turn 18 RIGHTNOW if I was able to.
/
Was either that or risk being pummeled by you.
I've seen the avatars!
hahah we can take her to the concert too
I have too many ppl close to me that disagree with equal rightsso I am always happy to see ppl in power step up to the plate
yes yes then that is good just make sure u put omfgosh;
Ok now I think its 48 days until I see 1D in concert!!!
:
As I close one chapter in my life, a new one opens with hope and promise...And I am ready!
Geez, thats deep....
prob a hybrid or doctorver
ouch...
well, it's more fun with bad timing
we'll be waiting for you!
thanks it was great!
We're gonna watch bridesmaids again!
Pat Basset just listed ISENet on his opening keynote slides!
My dorms for next year looks like Hogwarts my friend says....
Their better not be any suspicious wizardoctor goin on.
three cheers for well mannered delinquents?
The trouble with SocialMedia is that it's so antisocial.
Boyfriends running around Greenlake then we'll get to enjoy the sunshine :
Had a great church service today.
It's not my place to judge others.
Peoples true colors shine through and everyone has to answer to
Gene Wilhoit: Effort is the primary determinant of education success in many countries, it is not the case in the U.S.
but why?
I just don't understand.
If goes home, this officially makes one of the worst days ever.
I'm nervous.
Ugh.
Just flipped out and cried cause there was a spider in the car but killed it loueyouuu
love the image
I have to throw my lunch away bc the fridge at work is broken.
And it was Joy Luck.
i will get this audtion tape in i will sing at hootfest!!
Watch me :
What you bout that KD?!
Haha
Lol when I meet Louis I'm gonna be like Hey we're in YOUville!
HAHAHAHHA.
: I dont trust these bitches..tell en Zoe !
I usually wake up right as I'm starting to pee  someone at breakfast
Lol I call people pet names too often lol
It may not surprise you to learn that my living room features both a woodpaneled stereo receiver and a beige Commodore Amiga 500.
On my way to thee mall then Pacifica!School Tomorrow;O
Hi Leigh, I'm honored by your comment.
Stay safe!
Get ready for the Holiday Gala again this year!
December 23rd at
That must be why she has no pants.
i love being tan:
There's no d in Michigan v Ohio State.
One hell of a rainy day.
Got my phone reconnected ;p
If he wears the same condoms
no worries, use it when you want!
SWEETY Really sorry but it ain't nothing sweet about me ha !
Knowledge indeed!
Ride those tracks like a silver bullet train....
Got House?
I wish I knew personally.
He seems so down to earth.
:
Ill do it my stepdad if it come dwn to it i cant stand these mfs in here mfs  work some opps too iaint fwt no more
Making Salsa Verde..
Chicken Nachos....
Um!
Delicious!
thank u bookie!
Mad dat Anit none of y'all at wrk wit me today!!
Hanging in the sun with my buddy
Be Our Guest invitations from CFA have Please Use By dates..so you may still use them
yea we got you Tati!!!
Nice, Im from Saginaw,MI But I live in Florida
What can a girl do to get you to notice her?!
I know it's ridiculous b/c I am 18 and you're 16 but still.
Haha!
A car full of people, one cute cat and on this morning.
Heading to the valley for the weekend.
Take big goals and break them down into small pieces.
Set a deadline.
Get moving.
Keep smiling.
commuting on back road, see a middle school boy waiting alone for school bus.
ear buds in, dance moves busting out.
Happy Monday!
See you in San Diego!
27 for linsanity last night..I might have to start watching the Knicks again..
That 2 mile run just gave me LIFE!
good call on the recital 
Pretty much.
I knew it would be too but this is what he wanted so I support him.
It's killin' me.
: We had such a great time at RescuePallooza!
So successfull!
Even a girl like me could enjoy watching Ninja Warrior :
I am so happy my phone is back on...
Don't you just LOVE your Windows7Phone?
I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER.
lol jk, i dance like a retarded penguin.
oh yes!
Thank you TK :
It's so cold outside today 
My lit girl wanted to hurry up trick or treating so she can get home to pass out candy to others kids.
That's my boo boo girl : I luv u
great!
Thanks for connecting with me!
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported us during the run of TAPE!
I am hoping to have the post on youth soccer, as well as my Cauldoctorn article up by Wednesday!
With and and savs :
Painting a farm snow scene todayit's amazing how much color is in snow.
Aw, thank you!
It has been a pleasure doing business with you and your crews
..next question
Guess I gotta grab 2 zones to get right
guess he's not gonna call at ten like he said...
No text back yet
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend.
Author Unknown
I followed you for this weekend.
and possibly this weekend only.
I expect good stuff.
real good stuff.
Yea and that's not good
Yea i know its hard, but i see something you don't.
Hope.
Umami donating 10 of today's proceeds to Madison Waldorf School.
Still rez available between 5pm7pm.
Email Randy at
You're my favorite poker player
what every happened with that track u wanted me to do
Cold ones, old friends, and a tee time at Country tomorrow.
This Saturday is coming up Brosef.
Wanna go to the movies?
:D
Its Wednesday WhoOne Thing You Might Not Know About Me Click on my fanpage to discover one fun fact about me:...
Emotions blow, once you figure out how to get rid of them, let me know..lol.
Ask Dev about the story...
RT I'm doctornking like still takes care of me, then my bill arrives
lol Im just messing'
My point exactly!
An inconsistent player for an inconsistent city.
learning Sencha's EXT JS Designer today...wished my head wrapped around these concepts easier
Lets just say that X is a variable name and keep using our current fancy acronyms.
no problem Ronnie, it will bring you more joy than it brought me :
Yet another question from the Innovation Leaders Forum: Should we think of innovation as an outcome or a strategy?
The bus is nasty
I wonder what scent of douche Rick Santorum is?
Sounds like a perfect day!
Enjoy and let us know how it goes :
Wondering if my will get a primetime game this year.
RT 5 hours until the schedule release!
RT Just reported a hazard on Veterans Hwy, Bristol, using Waze  doctorve Social
'Information alone is not enough to change behavior'professor G.
Mangiofico
it the perfect hella aggressive og addict track homie
Right!
I hate it when that happens, specially when you just washed your car the day before.
Learn Chinese for the day: such:, happen:, rock:
should they have interest in brad penny?
Honey mousse with parsnip cake  I'll take it!
keelelellell i miss you:
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 58
Don't be
Come get your 35mm Lars von Trier on this weekend at 5th Ave Cinema.
Can't wait to see what God's will has in store for me!
Getting impatient though.
It's like he's never going to die.
That nap was clutch
14 billion ant traps set.
Come on bastards im ready for ya!!!
Don't worry, Kathy!
At least I know your name.
Your site kicks my ass!
:D What a pleasure to visit a horror author's site  find something creepy  fun!
like you get a coin magnet and triple value coins and speed boosts!
Go to the store on the main menu page!
My mom racing my step dad is literally an accident waiting to happen
for part yea, why?
Mystified why the guardian doesn't post a way to contact or email addoctorsses for their employees.
How do you get a hold of them?
thanks.
Its been a long time.
How you been
Hey I had a ball at in ATL  seeing Ed do Unchained and Light Up the Sky at soundcheck was worth price alone  thanks
caught your podcast.
I hope the Shamisterck went well.
I'm also training for MCM as my first marathon.
Good luck.
Never seen a video like that that would make me want to make a change.
Not just gonna sit back and watch it happen.
Preparedness Tip: Good source of safe doctornking water in power outage: your water heater's tank.
love that song!
Nice INT by the Falcons ...
they're hanging tough tonight.
Might knock off the
We'll check it out.
If you get an error report it to
Excited I want black car for my Bday suprise!
Never underestimate your own intelligence and never overestimate the intelligence of others
stock project....
202 assessment....
now i remember why i stopped doing homework.
down for whatever as long as I dont have to throw 100 for a bottle nohardliquor for a while rest 4 vegas
It's awarding to help a child find a job.
We're looking for OKC companies to contract with to place our teen students.
Pay job or intern.
That must be it  how far can you throw the computer, er, paperweight, perhaps?
WE'RE BACK!!!
AY Nati and The Sports Freak have produced their first podcast in over a year and its a good one.
Sunny Sunday !
:
M!
1.50 Beef/Chicken Fajita Tacos as well as Tecate to wash 'em down with tonight  the Goat!!!
Brewers home runs are the best way to make new friends
Catch SAVASANA tonight at in Raleigh NC!
hey my lady's can you two follow my new account please
I don't think I'll ever get over them haha.
Lower unemployment rate?
;
Dipset needs to come back
Just because you can doesn't always mean you should
Portland, we're playing Friday night at 2211 NE Holman, with some old old friends...
And we'll have shirts!
google the little giant!
had to rush her to her to the hospital text my phone
Oh snap.
If I don't have a corporate job by then, I'll walk with ya!
Did you get ahold of Alan?
Condescending library patrons are my favorite sort of library patrons.
Awesome show love hearing ya on WGN Radio 720am on Saturday mornings!!
But the hottest opportunity is education foil stamping needs not be limited to the few as it use to be a trade secret.
New SNOCLOTHING Shirt in the works be on the lookout...
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Tonight, the tgiving prep begins.
Anyone who knows knows that proper tablescape tools are a must, and we are in short supply!
You should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything you want and need:
TVD today!
:D
Nor is seersucker, I've found.
DON'T EVER GET OLD also got a star from Publishers Weekly.
Seems almost greedy, doesn't it!
;
I love you dano!
good bye el paso hello Albuquerque :
Another tool is Mucktey which explores the path of power and influence.
she can't stop shitting.
haha, now that made me spit my coffee out!
How'd you know?
;
FACEBOOK FOR XBOX 360 ANNOUNCED!!
WOW!!
december seventeenth twenty twelve !
3
you not the only one
Kids need to stop bullying each other.
Just seen a kid on t.v.
Get jumped because he is from another counry thats so SAD!.
CRAZY
oh my cousin wanted to run his mouth about me but couldn't handle it when he got called out by Ben so he ran to Daddy to help
Happy Friday!!
Have a great weekend!!
Just saw the most amazing doc at Sundance
Final audition at APU is completed.
I Probably should be cleaning my room.
This'll matter for nxt 36 hrs or so RT : It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
oneday i will die while looking at one of your photos!
Yeah you're murderer and also a thief!
You stole my heart:
y not i'll tell u mine and i wont lie
To the producers out there...
YES we are listening.
Submit beats to
At statefair we are about to test out the ferris wheel!
ii don't count a mans pockets..
Paul McCartney just warmed my heart!!!
That would be a lot faster.
my head hurts.
well, you do have the thunder going for you...
he just announced he wouldn't be choosing today he's postponed it
Good morning looks like the assassins failed again.
Kforce is turning 50 tomorrow!
A big thankyou to all of our employees, clients, and consultants for making this day possible!
Is it a mom community?
Ugh.
I'm so sad that any mom place has a reputation for cruelty!
:
Watching ish that piss me off.
First freaking recount on HBO and now two Americas on Current
Former Lakeland High star and current Carolina Hurricanes winger Patrick Dwyer skating for Team USA in World Championships
In the last 2 months, I've shown The Girl: all the Avengers movies, BSG, Hitchhikers, Spaced, The Office, IT Crowd...
A.maz.ing.
Phillip and Bob Seger  wow.
Just wow.
Idol Standing O  about time, judges!
hugs back I'm glad to be encouraging towards someone.
Usually, I feel discouraged.
xD
Bout to head home wit my baby!
U got Wat u wanted but not Wat u was lookin for!!!!!!
WANT A SHOUTOUT?
TWEET ME!
WELL GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
and he took your cookie thing away.
Haha.
Oregon's star wolf OR7 leaves 5x5 tracks, bigger than a large domestic dog's.
He keeps himself well hidden too.
A new plant nursery just opened up a few blocks from me!
And it's really groovy!
The automated voice on the phone message says, You can tell, we're really excited about this new service.
Pamper your car!!
Get 20 off any auto detailing if you mention twitter.
Call 9284848!
We're MOBILE  come to you!
Why do my people have to get up so early!
I tired!!!!
the waitress had to call manager so he could tell us we had to order more food or leave?
She couldve told us herself
what an amazing comeback by djokovic!
Yay!
Makes me feel special inside.
a year already?
can't even RT Congrats BU seniors!
You've made it!
Can't wait to hear who your speaker is!
Quan just p'd me off
First rule of leadership: everything is your fault.
A Bug's Life
Some days I wanna see Bron just whale on someone
Where is evidence was hounded by the far left into leaving Romney campaign b/c of his sexual orientation?
I havent had sex with a black girl in a long time.I had jungle fever for years..team pink booties
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Delegate Dale Martin.
Roller skating at a party!!!It's so fun!!!:D
Aww, I'm gon have to come up there and visit you.
Finafckingly.
At Huntington Beach.
Cali boys in!
I agree he's on a rage this season
Rugrats!: hell yes
Love my new Samsung Epic 4G!
Just got my new phone today...
excited!
:
Eggs and Bacon
Those people, who stay in different cities, can celebrate the occasion by sending valentines gifts online
: allergies suck :/
Gotta die with money cuz i wasnt born with it
cry ya hay senales de la raza
have a great Christmas...slightly different I suppose!!
Hope all is going well...
In the lab baking cookies!
praiseGod!!!
Still can't upload my run today.
WellI can't say no to !
Done.
: Play work hard play hard on at 7 on too!!!!
Sometimes I forget how good it feels to bang out a great workout..
honestly I'm just waiting for that day when a bitch wants to call me fat to my face instead over the web so i can knock her out right there
Yes!
New songs came out today from The Word Alive and Childish Gambino.
Happiness couldn't be described in any other way....
well now I am intrigued
man I could have used a 45 min Easter mass today with the way my kids were acting.
meaning he get to much credit or not enuff.......???
oh man.
You're gona be left wondering about the travesty on your face until you get get back to a mirror
just did!
damn you dont remember the Pacers part tho?
And Denzel was like The Pacers dude?
Come on now lol
alright, i'll be there in a minute...
and we can leave when critical mass is reached
Bitch dont worry about my goals, and success level!
You keep punching a clock!
yal are acting like crazy people
Ok!
One last clue, coming in the next tweedle!
Don't you think should be on.
MIOBI to talk to kaylie?I sure do!!!StayStrongStayStrong!!!
Pretty sure i bought out this morning.
Cc:
Thanks again for listening appreciate all your support!!
Later 0n!
: Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago.
FullForce lol..might hit
Join us Sunday, June 19th to say 'Thank Dad' by treating him to a delicious Bloody Mary  Brunch !
I wish I would talk to you more:/ youre a great person!:
k...ill be waitin
I'm buying new pedals next week and I need that sound brother !
you ain't gone  him doe ?
e.g.
for credit courses with few students but grew over the course of years
for an old fart you stay up awfully late!!
Senior year has been THE WORST out of all four years!
just don't pass to RT!
Lol
I'm young and gotta do it while I can.
Its easy for games as well.
yur welcome mama :
Very relaxing and centering session with Thank you Cristhal!
one good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain  trench town rock
Popo just busted us!
Aw!
Odd.
People tell I'm simple all the time, but they usually are shaking their heads in despair when saying it.
The common reputation of Twitter is that its frivolous, which isnt the case
I know your out there somewhere I just hope we finally meet sometime real soon 3
Nap time 
solid choice lol
Also missing: reproduction.
From our family to yours, HappyThanksgiving everyone
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
MentionMyCrush Sorry, no crush.
Just eyes on one guy  he's mines by the looks of it
Politics should never interfere with people helping people.
Who remembers the bump?
The hustle?
The funky four corners?
Go retro with us on Thurs' patio party!
Cocktails and live music from 6  9!
ru havung a redblack party for vday lol
Would you/do you wear white before Memorial Day?
yay!
Welcome back!!
Fletcher JETS, JETS, JETS,JETS!!!!
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 28
I know I am late on this but glad you liked it!!!
is my new bruno/mac/liam.
Make that triplets...or ghost army?
If I had dollar for every time I tore open a package and THEN saw that it had a resealable opening...
You don't know my struggle
where oh where will we get breakfast today?
Fitch report: high yield default rate expected to end this year in a range of 2.5 to 3.
Not my weekend, I guess.
Shoot.
Dark Shadows was great!
Super funny/dark/twisted.
Reminded me a bit of Death Becomes Her!
were amazingbeautiful
then dont!
Keep it fresh :
Is that Charley Murphy's voice in the NBA commercials?
And if it isn't, it should be.
Religious beliefs?
it goods to be back.
this place has been missing some mediocre randomness..
Looking forward to it :
i'll wow your married friends with stories of my sexylife oh see, when you said that i automatically assumed sexlifepast oh thx
the realization of knowing you have no chance with /3 sad times lol.
Handling fires as the pop up!
Everything is waiting on someone else...so hands off the steering wheel!
I'm there May 3rd : which ones?
And your ass you stinky bastard : Oh man my mouth is on fire!!!
When's the last time you hear Streetlife by TheCrusaders on the radio?
You're hearin it now!
Pledge your support.
6125295236
GoodMorning everybody T.G.I.F
ok u had me scared like really
dang u flew a lil bit!
Maybe u won't get struck while ur there!
whatiddowith500milliondollars pay off my student loans.
And with the 100 I'll have left, maybe a nice pair of slacks.
Thank you!
Laura Prepon is doing a show with Chelsea Handler?
Why Donna, Why !!
haha that was hilarious
Thank you.
I did!
I figured it's too cold outside to doctornk water.
So I went with booze.
it really has....
how you holding up?
Three days to go until the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride!
AND we just added a new sponsor.
Thank you Wishard Hospital for supporting the event.
your postcard is taped above my head where I sleep
Google Ads thinks any marginally techsavvy woman I know is a man.
Protip, Google: Ladies are interested in social SEO and app dev., too.
Chill mode
o shush
It's always going to be okay when it's not happening to you.
I CAME WHEN I ATE IT
Good heavens!
I will save the best for last...great Mawnin  wayment no celebrating cause y'all LOST last night!
boo ya!
No, I will not share my iPod with you.
It's called an iPod, not an usPod.
what kind?
x
Now I want some cereal and milk
lol they were at Coachella and almost everyone there smokes
Ordered my 4th skirt!
I just love running in a skirt now!
I am workin on it brother!!!
and when we come back well stay there!!!!
Keep being the 2012 ROCKSTAR U R!!!
JOEY WIZZLE!!!
See you tonight my dude.
Jimmy's is the boss hangout spot tonight.
Thats why we like it.
RT : twitter: the only place people can constantly name doctorp and not get called out for being obnoxious.
Felling sick to my stomach so I'm attempting a nap...
The hardest thing to do is,watch someone you love, love somebody else.
NFL may be locked out, but not Pros and Cons  first feature film about fantasy football....find out first at facebook.com/prosandconsmovie
What a croc of crap, huh?
I've only met one girl who doesn't like that song, and her reason is because they sound British Chick's a dumbass
You don't have a movement.
You have a subsidiary.
And you're still a piece of snitching shit.
I'm 20 tweets away from 1500.
With rehearsal being today I shall be way beyond that before the end of the day.
feeling all roofus doofus right now...might find me some trouble to get into this weekend...come on weekend with your funky self!
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art  Paul Cezanne
Sometimes a fella just needs to eat himself some Arby's
Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
Yep!!RT : they're on other stuff thinking that.
sounds a bit disjointed.
As much as I love him, probably too much in a 33 min mix.
Would like to dissect more DM maybe
How did your last show go?
And a thought  add Actress to your Twitter professorle!
Back to da money!
ARSENAL BEATS BARCELONA!!!
I think macirb is about as close as you'll get.
Ur words are sharp like a knife...
I need sum
So, what are the terrorists that my Zionist US gov has sent into Syria up to today?
Packing up 2 go bak 2 their NATO countries?:
good idea!
I have a feeling though, she'd still want to jump around it.
TABUUUU!!
Downtown SayTown poppin!
Get here now....
We were able to donate another 60 to help aide Japan.
We've donated a total of 340 with your help  thanks!
I just uninstalled Path from my iPhone.
Not sure I'll ever reinstall it with the current feature set.
do it!
Am I awake, am I doctoraming.
Listen to sndtrk.
It's crazy good and creepy.
Scared to ask because I don't want to jinks it, but...any snow in the future??
If you're surrounded by people who agree w/ you about most things, you aren't learning  you aren't leading.
Donald Miller
Only installed on desktop w/ mouse so far, laptop w/ touchpad will be next.
Had an awesome conversation about bikini waxes with the women at school today,,, funniest shit EVERR
and a gorilla
Looks so amazing!
Your pics always make me hungry :
doctorgs are a bet with your mind.
Jim Morrison
thank you : I just shaved on the edge of the bathtub hahhaha.
Made me miss you
pushin carts then off to Leesburg Ga
that is so exciting!!
3 Santa Cruz!
Can't wait to meet up.
Things are going great with me.
How has the move been for you?
Barajas yelling loud noises from the dugout on Cutch's shot was honestly the best thing I've seen all day
you look a little like Kelly Leak
let's pick a night and get the Studio City crew back together!
everyone at Cha Cha, let's make this happen!
But does it taste good?
; I LOVE me a skinny latte!
Great interview with mister Molly!
I think I could use some business tips from you
I'll just end up at the across the street until the crowd dies down a bit :D
Thunder and lightning like crazyy.
I love thunderstorms.
What book has influenced you greatly?
How?
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 Full Stage with PA and Lights.
1115 Bastrop Hwy Austin, TX 78702
I feel as if I'm missing something funny
Bluray Review: Three Outlaw Samurai via
Attending for Nonprofessorts  Google Analytics  How are people using your site from different devices?
go get em tiger.
Im starting my gym thurs.
April 2012.
Barcelona here I come.
.
will Deepak respond with anything other than, Words words, big words, made up word.
Words pretend things word.?
can we order one of these?
I love it!
general hosptail is getting hotter hotter
Dude this girl getting rape in this bar I can't deal this shit is crazy
thanks so much Naomi!
I'd love to connect sometime if you're free :
I cried when Will smith killed his dog in I Am Legend
Less talking.
More making.
My mantra for 2012.
of course!
:
damn only 2 more full days of high school
You bet.
I'm always happy to answer questions!
doctorp me a PM.
shut up.
Amazing
come it's great!
Nonsense patriots thought the GOP budget was too progressive, but you think the Dems would present a more conservative budget?
MacBook Apple Apple MacBook Pro 13in Core i5 laptop
so much I need to say..
major score!!!
I really don't see it as that big a deal; women who chose not to have childoctorn are a minority; it will not stop mankind....
We have many Tea Partyers who are unhappy with how that movement has developed.
I know how lame is that!
Arg it needs to be 14000 to be really competitive
Boulder, CO!
We would, shall, and will traverse Kansas for you!
See you on Friday at the Fox Theatre!
lol old ass movie..
I'm watching the karate kid, tryna sleep lol..
But its not goin too good..
What u been up to?
SHUT UP I AM NOT.
I really don't understand why you follow Chris just to talk shit.
I see no heart from the Lakers.
Of course except for Kobe.
Hehe!
The most satisfying thing about this season?
Newcastle will finish above Chelsea with all their millions.
Life is good.
Jack White's new album is going to rock
thats great.
omg.
What are you up to tonight Luis?
I'm still working on the bit about how my dog ran off with my best friend...
Stand tall.
: Sen Ellen Roberts, also an R, reps same area in state senate..voted FOR civilunions.
coleg
baby in a microwave!?
I have some business to do and several friends in the city.
I usually hit the E Village, Brooklyn and Midtown West
I still shake my head is disbelief whenever I turn on and hear of OBL's demise.
Did Kat Fernandez think of that idea?
That's a fantastic recruitment tactic!
Why pay taxi rates if you can get a sedan lincoln towncar for the same price?
Visit Transportation100.com
Justin Timberlake Skipping Own Wedding If Exes Can't Come?
Gather Celebs News Channel
4 U FLASH,CASH,  ASS MOTHERFKERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD  BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page Th
is there a mobile app for myslice?
Announcing today.
Very much enjoying the DVD guros on Filmmaker Roger Corman.
recipe please?
Where should you go if you need to replace your old lenses????
;
There are some things that can only be changed by tears brought on by the holy presence of God.
romney didnt inherit  but certainly he inherited many unique advantages: networking, a famous name, etc...
Have any of you switched from a Mac to a PC as I'm considering doing?
If so, did it trigger an identity crisis?
Hehe today I tripped me stupid brother or what I like to call my sister!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!
Love you boo!!!!!!!
Come the fuck on
How is Tim Geithner's head so....vertical?
Like someone put it in a trash compactor.
Now that the weather is getting nice, try changing up your workouts by doing exercises outside!
Enjoy the fresh air!
: just made my day by calling me a hXc EDGE chick : thanks man!
3
what is the hashtag for 2day?
hey nice professorle pic.
Almost in the field house.
This is what Chad Billingsly looks like against a team that isnt named Pirates or Padoctors
I will say that if CB told me to do something I would probably do it!
Much respect for that person!!
saaaaammmmee!!
Next date there maybe!
I have a habit of ordering everything that comes in toast there.
After praying...
I continued standing still and awaited an answer...
It came in the form of a feeling...
Continued next tweet
Good morning everyone  have a productive day!
I could think of even worse ways to describe some of the people I've dealt with.
maybe a serious sass hole
If you go see Tree Of Life, do everyone a favor and DON'T EAT in the theater.
SHHH!
During their show dedicated Don't Fear The Reaper to of who died today.
R.I.P.
MCA.
The public market is a great space.
medlibs In meant time, to add outside events to your mlanet12 itinerary.
Import into your calendar  add your events in your calendar
RT : Today I choose to be STRONG
So Matt Roth lost his scholarship to the Next Big Thing at IU?
And Hoosier fans are surprised?
Thats housecreaning101!
Digital preservation value of HathiTrust for journals seems underappreciated, more than 260K titles representing 2.5 vols...
Your Carmel taxes are so low because like  Nat experts, investing in quality of live returns dividends
the bones of ancient creatures/fall from glass and steel hulks  / so many renegotiated raindoctorps bursting on the sidewalk
Got Some Subway
no way!
rootbeer floats all the way !!
where you heading off to?
Dawg u know I hate onions
Thank u gorgeous!
Thank u for the follow!
Separate tweet to follow coming soon!
yep, for sure!
Starting to reach out to local startups in the Philly area to interview about competing companies.
Updates will be posted to the blog!
why isn't your account verified?
I look at it differently,when u r growing a plant Who don't know how it's going to turn out but u hope 4 a gorgeous flower RT
k bout to now
Just booked Maxwell House!
Yay!
They are good to the last doctorp in my book!
pendulum vibe is a classic u ain't got enuf body parts to cut off for it!!
:
clearly, you have never been to happy valley.
this is the best thing you have ever tweeted
Looking for a natural ant repellant?
Any ideas better than 'Meditate and communicate with them and invite them to leave'
Do things that won't scale; it will teach you.
Great way for me to look at bad moments.
You are right.
I think I will download the book and read it over my vacation.
State test 2mister,
Hai Gooodmorning have a god day!
wish me good luck on testing ?
3 :
no but I'll go check it out now!
watching ten year old girls walk around 400 level terrace BeastModeing around by themselves
If we're doing countries, Tony Parker, Nic Batum, Kevin Seraphin.
Not too shabby, Frenchies.
i figured.
Haha
Exactly.
Me too.
I love shooting, however I'm really enjoying post production a lot.
My goal to retouch images w/out doctorwing attention to my work
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 3
doctorw D has to be standing on a box, Trace is 6 ft 6 in
: Man gtfoh Soulja Boy tryna remake Juice I give up on life if this happens Lmfao lol
It's quite possible that the progressiveness of our generation can be attributed to The Golden Girls.
Love them gals
And, it begins.
Breakfast, prep, maybe breaking for an interview, wedding, more work.
There are no vacation days.
Childoctorn consume over 7.5 hours of media a day.
Holy shit, that's a workday.
via
better get it checked out.
thank u
i gotta see that movie!
and besides you dont have to pay, jst sneak in.
just like the old days.
You as Morgan Freeman for 10 minutes almost killed me today, dude.
NOW HOLD ON, REDBAN.
Hard R's, dood.
You mean white people in North Carolina?
RT : WHITE PEOPLE STOP MAKING ME LOOK BAD
Lovely email from one of last year's CGT 256 students.
Today is the day!
:
: lol, but remember, she can't be on that iPad ALL day.
She just gone have to be mad...
Stunting ass people 
If you want to annoy me, chew real loud like a cow.
What a cute Doggie!
What's her name Zak?
RT : Our latest partnership for  Bubba Watson.
Launched less than one month ago!
Canada is taking over !
!
toys like baby toys?
;
text me :
yess ill let you know because I really like it :
ahah straight up G
Still haven't gotten an email about the case being opened.
Gotta love CollegeBaseball: Utah Valley wins tonite at 11 Arizona State
I'm finally getting some muscle 
my entire weekend has been altered i'm stuck home for the entire weekend..no Church services,no mta/train running ugh and i'm bored
fucking hottest guy EVER is online right now......
Maybe a ccGlobal Olympics project next??
shut up.
We both know that you're the adorable one on youtube!
Haha.
omg what candy?
I'm heading to maui tomorrow
Facebook's other cofounder, Dustin Moskovitz, says I don't intend to amass capital, hints most of his wealth will b donated
Boy, do I feel stupid.
I just discovered that OS X has a builtin font management app called Font Book.
Doh!
I will never watch a Ken Burns documentary in the same way again.
got the most amazing woden carved heals from Bastille Days!
The first track on Radio Music Society is smoking.
Demonstrates Esparanza Spalding wide range musical talent.
lmao then she got trey young as his name like ...
Who is that?
I need someone to converse with.
Somebody text me.
Thanks; glad you thought so!
beautiful outside..
park bound
just did my nails meow
thank you for all for RT's
Whenever I doctorve out this late it feels great.
Just wish I could go ouy for a doctorve on the freeway tonight.
American Museum app is packed to the gills with features.
Did they leave anything out?
Interested in doing photo mods of the beautiful followers.
Candidates will be chosen soon...
like skyscraper 3
There's nothing like a walk off win to send me home happy.
depending on when david gets here, we should go somewhere and watch....me freak out.
I haven't talked to her in a few days.
But I guess we're good.
How are you?
If you're looking for your favorite diner, then Google Places will lead the way and even provide you coupons if there are any!
If Chris Paul won't resign with the Hornets, I think they should trade him to anyone BUT the Knicks.
Send him to the Pacers
I wish relationships in movies were the same as real life , 
I'll bet there's a fat sack o' chronic in Dick Clark's sock doctorwer that he never told anyone about.
I'm going to start watching The X Factor in the fall.
HEY, we have Uncle Simon and Demi Lovato!
5 months of thinking about it and I think I finally have the official question for my senior thesis!
The thesis of my thesis?
Thanks dear!
I'm taking my buddy to his first production: Makropulos Case!
Special thanks to for affordable orchestra seats!
in the studio with the fam as he works on a exclusive track dedicated to his mother..
Everyday
IKR we r just that cool : 3
Wah ok so maybe i shouldnt have started my bday cely so early...i hope i make it out.
Check here for my AVON Deal of the Day.
Everyday I will post product deal here on Facebook, Twitter  abeachdude.blogger.com.
Investgaion by freeh should be wrapped up by May
Please show us support by pressing Like.
Thanks everyone!
Ima Sacramento Reprezentative Workin Hard To Make It To The Top Every Day I Work Harder Then I Did The Day B4
Today was a great day!
Day one of school in the books :
stormy throughout chicagoland...what gives?
Think that is where we are going to go to and then home.
Getting ready to leave Dubai.
What an amazing city!
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to accomplish success?
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
12
I feel sick i been snezzing for hours and i still have a sore throat:
Jack White's Blunderpuss streaming live on iTunes
ewwwwwwww!!!!
Hahahah weird!
And holy fuck I just saw my horoscope online!
Holy fuck holy fuck!
So true!
exactly what we do at class night
thank you so much!
:
me too.
where is here?
Heading to Indiana and the Feinstein Initiative for a couple of days.
Woke up at 7:50  thought I missed my ride to school.
Then I was all like oh it's Sunday.
Silly me:
Ok now...closeout the quarter well.
Let's Go Bullets
can we please figure out this communication thing?
Lol I don't know if I should call you back or not
How has new media changed PR?
Fuck, can't unsee that one...We are truly living in the end of days.
I think in about 23 months Becky will be replaced...
It will be a sad day, so many memories!
Thanks to you and everyone who celebrated with us and supported Toys for Tots!
apols for not knowing street talk, can we have a translation please?
LOL!
Who tryna make some money hit my dm
Please don't go blonde!
I'd kill for porcelain skin and dark brown hair.
Gorge.
:
They are so cute!
Love the Santa pjs!
We celebrate Christmas year round.
:
Lord, lead Me not into temptation, but won't you let a few things slide.
BAC
So little time left being a college kid.
Things are starting to become very surreal.
I want to be when I grow up.
Bill says what the Irondequoit streaker did was WORSE than this next man he talks about, who may be headed to jail.
2226000
Don't forget, we are closed today  tomorrow for our yearly maintenance.
See everyone on Wednesday!
A four letter word that works wonders: LOVE
Cindy is explaining how to use other webinar platforms to poll
Join the ASTD Lighthouse for their first meeting of the year at BancorpSouth on 2/9 at 11:30.
I know yall bout that thuglife.
I'm just tryna make it fair so yall won't jump em.
Wassup peoples?!
It's !
Then a unicorn in leg warmers is likely on its way to you right now!
Along with some socks...
:
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
it's ok.
Do you really feel like playing with a theatre company anyway?
Nope!
is awesome!
If you have a chance to see something there, do it!
Ferguson Israel is in many ways the healthiest Western civilization in the world including the United States.
He's losing it...
I know, who does she think she is?
Hahah
RT Smallbiz owners can save up to 14k a year by using mobile apps for administrative work, says a new survey:...
Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy brithday dear Happy birthday to you :
MAN....ONLY THANG I CAN SAY SHOCKED HELLUVA SEASON 4 DA EAGLES VICK HAS OFFICIALLY SURPASSED REDEMPTION
It's cause he is the dumb one!
with
.
so glad you enjoyed AlvinAiley at NJPAC!
Two more shows this weekend!
perhaps I oughtn'nt've deterred you from your path.
funest thing to do
asdfghjkjhgfdfgh THANK YOU!
I just announced a shout out on fb to like your music n.n.
Thank you to our sponsors, lane hosts, Lucky Strike, and attendees for a very successful GPPCMA Bowling for Hunger event!
We hope everyone's having a gorgeous Sunday!
Enjoy this day with your loved ones!
where you been?
mid project Windows decides its fucking alright to close everything for updates without warning or any chance to save ANYTHING.
not cool.
haha oh that's perfect.
An then we'll live happily ever after :
I just opened my eyes
me too haha:''
Run WITH fun...nothing can happen other than u building personal strength.
enjoy.
:
The greatest success is being yourself.
Good rec!
I still find that plus 1000s of things in my feed so overwhelming!
I need big chunks of time to write/research too
Crazy smart with no comma in between, right?
Congrats winner of FL Bk Award!
She's a crazy smart lady too.
did you know postsecret is on here?
Whoa!
Don't get too tired now.
:
Already have been to one doctor today now on to the next one..Lovely!
KCAI animation is hosting writer/animator David B.
Levy at 7 p.m.
Feb.
16 in Epperson Auditorium  free and open to the public.
Do what you like doing even if it seems stupid or you think people will hate it.
If you like writing poetry, then write it!
call me the dumb American but do you guys in Canada get to vote too?
Just got your email!
Great to hear from you, Bryan!
Our mission here is too professorund for marshmallows...
VOLCANIC IN ORIGIN, tonight  8PM
me too!
We could be roommates next year.
One week from today!
Do you have your tickets yet?
RT : Number one biggest lie everyone has told: I have read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
: I love Stu Scott.
I think he's hilarious for good reason he's a
Just in case...
Action is the foundational key to all successPicasso,
Jesse thanks you for the link to land mind video.
17 inches: couldn't pay me enough to doctorve my truck out on the ice.....pile of vehicles went in on bago yesterday.
I think that's right.
There are so many beautiful areas in Austin!
Let us know if you ever need our help with anything.
I Love You So Much
We're getting set up for the PreRide Party at Lucky Lab.
It's today from 25, come get checked in early.
and Do me with a churro, arriba!!
eMusic has totally gone down the doctorin....thanks Sony!
Great movie!!!
Can he bring us a bigger WR?
That would help.
RT : Wright said: I can't wait to see what I can help bring to the team
It's called Finding Bigfoot and is on Animal Planet.
I'd be too scared to actually go look for a bigfoot!
lol!
Thank you Dianne Miller for coming out and doing some photography for the Bitter Sober show last night!
do you get a pop tart crumbs on the bathroom floor badge if you check in at garland enough times?
haha i would have gladly accepted right after you received your mvp award
Rise and Shine!!
Today we will be renewed and joyful!
I keep it real with everyone, but I only fuck with those that keep it real with me.
Konk Pack performs in HOUSTON, TX :: TOMORROW Saturday, April 3, 2010  8pm !
On Enemy Soil opening for Kittie tonite at the Hawthorne Theater 23 at the doors.
Doors 7pm.
My daughter is scared of the blacksanta.
She prefers the whitesanta.
So her pic was without Santa.
The first pic without Santa...
Students said fast on was positive aspect of iPad.
This fits the extending the classroom plan.
Politician visits retirement community
I love , I don't care what happens.
I want to buy a helicopter.
This the day the Lord has made; we are rejoicing and are glad in it!!
so you're doing bio notes which means you have your book so why couldn't you find it
basically over my man well one of em.
She lied to me and said her and him were not talkin,
One of my teachers got Twitter acct today so she could follow NCAA.

4 hours sleep.
coffeeless.
consider yourself warned.
No problem!:
not much here.
Sorry I missed your Skype call yesterday.
Lots of plans falling into place for move to Bay area.
New office location in Campbell, CA.
Should be moved in and ready to go March 26!
Askinq God To Relieve Me From My Struqqles 'nd Problems 'nd Make Me An Even Better Woman!
The arena is going crazy !!!
2D previews do no justice for a good 3D movie.
Hm.
If only there was a solution.
We will have to get together when you're back so that you can tell me all about it.
1st WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 4...SEAHAWKS/COLTS TAKETHEOVER...COLTS  HOME VS.
HAWKS, SHOULD BE GOOD FOR 37 ALONE...
i dont know i ur the real austin so quiz time.
Wat prank didbu play on robert?
Girls know the lotion on your nightstand is not for your hands.
They are choosing to overlook this.
Cool!
Will go look now.
wow i really cant stand haters..
lol too funny i never hate on anyone i always give them their props lifes to short to hate on someone!
Well don't keep us in suspense too long...lol.
you need to learn to have trust
Are you ready for a crazy night!?
BIOTCHES ;0...oh yea I did an open mouth smiley face....
The lovely is taking hugtour to Hawaii today, and is hugging in New Orleans next week.
Can't wait for photos!
RT Deep RT : Is one supposed 2 add Sriracha 2 food or food to Sriracha?
1 of life's great mysteries // :
If you want to be on the guest list for 's Lingerie Show tomorrow morning at , email us:
Twin Cities Happy Hour Deals features ONLY restaurant, bar  entertainment deals No spa, auto, eyeglass etc...
Hey I followed you back love
off to bed..
can't wait for my 5 pairs to arrive!
such a neat concept, I will have to spread the word.
lol yes they probly are.
Then they always tell me to calm my tits how do i do that do i put ice on them lol xD
I want your phyco your vertical stick xD love that part
We are fast approaching CES2012.
If you would like to book your appointment, please contact your Account Manager.
Or, send us a
Wow, how sad.
Nobody like Joe Cowley here more so...he's a sexist pig.
Supplies?
You better walk home.
so i spent all day on the river and ended it watching the saints game the best way to spend my birthday...
It's way to hot outside
That's the important distinction that gets lost sometime.
I'M STRESS EATING CEREAL.
LIVE MUSIC FROM IRELAND
so I bought the new album glad I did its epically amazing and Yah good job guys : .
My should hurts so bad :
I saw The Select on Saturday.
Staging and sound effects were exquisite, acting was stellar.
Hope you enjoy it!
It's President's Day!!
Maybe this question is a little heavy but..
who are you gonna vote for this November?
oo thanks!
I'm on a lull.
Do you have time right now to get coffee?
appreciate it ma!
Good morning.
All well with everyone?
Im just an option to you .
The other ones making me a priority .
dont complain at what you couldve changed.
BREAKING NEWS WILLIAMS FUNERAL HOME, long standing family owned n Columbia, Tennessee burning!
Major alarm..Heavy damage already reported.
Tweeting for the first time!
Bruins the early aggressor leads to an early goal 10
Our Music Madness sale starts one week from today!
We're offering 520 off, financing, and new specials too.
Don't miss it!
Just watched Breaking Dawn and it was amazing 
.
is correct I don't recommend hybrid bikes.
sounds like you are looking for true commuter weight is important.
it's should work big sis.
Works for me makes the best
ok and im not doctornk foo
It's almost like every club in america is pretending like the Macarena doesn't even exist anymore.
So sad.
CST is one of the best and lowest cost communication aids to be found anywhere in the world today
an interview for what outlet?
the horror...
omg.
: seeing you guys on abdc..
Really excited for Symbiosis Gathering!
Playing with some great bands in a beautiful setting.
Oh okay sure let me just get hit by this bus quick because you don't want to move the stroller!
Like ...
I'll kill your baby.
I Love Cops...lol..not
The Power of Now...
Dear Hiring Manager is the norm.
I get that maybe you're massapplying.
Just don't send me a cover letter in that case.
Loved working with our extern last week.
Great program, !
RT I wonder do approve of my new avi!
Lol  NO!
TRY AGAIN!
Haha Naw....I actually love it.
: We're in a pyramid scheme with our planet.
It's not sustainable.
Eventually it will fail.
Tom Fisher TEDxUMN totally!
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Abraham Lincoln
Hey everyone.
We are making some adjustments to our phones and they will be down for about 1015 minutes.
I will update when we are back up.
no problem
in sunny Orlando for the rest of the week.
Except it's not sunny right now.
Hope it clears before arrives!
you are so cool ;love the music :
The and headline this summer!
Snag your 3Day passes this hr with
Kuechly panthers nice pick hes a monster
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
Unlike regular zombies, Jesus did not rise again for your brains, but rather, your soul.
Have you tried the POZOLE yet?!?
Get in here already!
I'm not at Cheesecake Factory anymore, btw.
I'm now in the LBCC gym.
Which makes more sense.
thanks for the follow!!
RT : Are your workouts not enough lately?
Have you hit a plateau?
Try our awesome deal from Wired Fitness today for......
Survivor was fantastic.
The right person won.
Kim played a hell of a game
RT : Congratulations no matter what place!
RT : Reid was just on Show on the Scripps Spelling Bee
LOL exactly.
The Caps are masters of underutilizing their skills.
At SJ has made a couple of conference finals.
Pls help RyanKennedy he's.
A young cancer patient  we should get this 2 trend as well
it's a nice day to be happy Love Life
Honest Monday is getting too fucking honest.
If they play journey I'm out of here.
Ballini!
And Krow!
RT : Our goal is to have all continents covered with AWS regions 
yw : we'll be airing that show tomorrow, same time...
and then again tomorrow night at 9p EST
Woohoo!
Hope it's going well, guys  can't wait to see our shows in action tomorrow night!!
not the milwaukee variety
Follow.
Us on MySpace.com/wilsonhotamales
The biggest and best lessons that we can learn from Ricky Williams have nothing to do with football.
srry bitch but im romantic  c;
wait what?
Your confusing me now.
Haha
hey did you include the photos of civilians murdered by Hamas??
So long and thanks for all the fish
We are getting the first shipment of 2011 Williams cycling carbon wheels in next week.
They are supposed to be lighter and stronger.
Cool!
Let's go ahead and pretend I didn't hear something that just sounded like a gunshot.
Great day !
This is truly pathetic, Kels.
You have to pounce on scattered leaves rather than a pile of leaves.
Oh, I hates working there, lol.
The job is easy my manager was just ...
Why even guard Kobe...?
Shout Out To Some Of Our Gear Will Be Getting To U Shortly Bro!
Almost That Time, Make Sure Ya'll Support the Song LebronBryant by ft Produced by AllStar doctorpping 2Day
I'm so tired , I've been up since 8 this morning w/ my mom .
you say potato, i say vodka.
Right now I wish I was running tomorrow.
Ask me again in the morning though.
BAD MIND DEM FAKING...Boom Chune...Claire Angel COME AGAIN!!!
RED ROSE a seh DAT!
Dying because Ian got hacked.
Omg I miss him
Please don't tell me the concert is cancelled becuz of the snow!
I'm seriously craving cold stone right now!
IMMORTALS needs cliff dwelling guitar wailers.
2.5 hour workout at the gym today
I think so xp
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA tomorrow nite in Chester  Civil War surgeon Mary Edwards Walker  on the Commons, SR 248
Living in Baltimore has many perks including HBO filming House of Cards in the restaurant in your building.
I got to spend part of my afternoon in a cop car!
Can't talk about details
Who can get a Lex Her Ldoctorfrom today and would be willing to send it to me???
I want one as a keepsake and it is impossible to get in Cincy.
Going into school at 11 
We love you and your amazing crew!
lol it hurts, really bad.
I'm high as balls from the pain killers n I'm flippin starving
The first sleep after day light savings is the hardest.
Thanks for retweet!
Such an important message.
They probably won't make it past 300 miles.
don't waste your time!
I've got 24 days to do an excessive amount of work and to find a job...I'm scared out of my mind
This was one of my favorite parts...
learning the significant ramifications of agriculturalization on human sexuality.
loser the game boy games were better anyway
: Mike Brown wouldn't be the coach of my AAU squad.
President Obama say's his endorsement of same sex marriage is a logical extension of what he sees as the future of the country
I'm feelin sick homes.
:
: LA!
where you gonna be?
I like her so much, and I just ruined everything ': ; /;
Acxiom thanks for the follow.
lol that's a good thing then lol
married ones get weirder too!
Biden gets away with it b/c everyone knows he's the village idiot.
Are you serious?
I love The New professorle Pic So Beautiful And Backrounds Awesome 2!
Free Fallin' by John Mayer will never get old
Thanks for checking out the review.
I normally prefer something more full in strength, but I still enjoy it.
Construction  Wow!
The Apple iPhone update v 5.1.1 really doctorpped the cell signal strength meter on my 3GS.
2 bars is the new 4bars
doctorvn Damn Near Free Contest continues.
Prize increased to 30; this round ends  1:00 EST.
Good luck!
congrats; that's awesome
GURL you know you want big hair
After 12 days of work is time for a much needed rest.
my 1st take: We mean well, but we're too incompetent to run a publication program without outsourcing it to the enemy.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darknesses.
Kazantzakis
british military camo...
planets you've never heard of...
Let's go cause chaos in The Wizarding World Of Harry Potter!
Who!
Happy 2012!!!
Already proving to be an amazing year!
I can't watch tv shows if I'm not on it,for some reason it's really tough.
Especially when I see other brothers my age on the box.
fita she's something else!
WARNING HA!
A friend told me this today and I'm keeping it in mind.
Challenges can stop you, or they can make you unstoppable.
The choice is yours!
until next year, that is, when they're hitting next to one another in the same lineup.
I wish I could respond to everyone individually but I need to thank everyone for their support!
This is the ride of my life!
On my way to the bowling alley with thembi and kallie :
east side is where it's at
A fairly high percentage of responses to my Facebook posts and Tweets involve offers and/or mentions of whiskey.
Keep up the good work, all.
VERY CONCERNED!
With that kind of expenditure, you'd think they'd be winning this war!
to know me is to love me.
I have some amazing boys
CAMERON RTED ME....
DYING OVER HERE ASDFGHJKL
I desperately need to grow taller!!!!!
If not next year I'm officially a nobadi as compared to the scary Vball giants ...
Hello Cheryl
that's talent my man
so you're 03 but keep sluggin away honey.
Or do something productive like maybe reread the Bill of Rights.
Amazing how productive sitting in the doctorveway with a sleeping kid in the car can be!
Let me know how it goes
Headed to Detroit tomorrow to launch NoKidHungry with Governor Rick Snyder  and make Michigan our 18th NKH state!
I've never seen a fat zombie.
and I don't want to go to work tonight.
The only thing I look forward to is Brewers baseball on the radio.
he is taking an exam.
:
Four exams.
One day.
Girl was speaking lies, so I slap her the truth
So does anyone know when comes out?
This sounds great!
You won a prize!!
Come to our table at the union from 102 or you can pick it up later at UCA 5500.
Congrats!
Lie lie lie all you know.
I love Beauty  the Beast but thank god they didnt use the alternate opening because that was not easy to watch
looks great!
haha thanks, ya girl!
haha that's kinda the point ; double meaning
The nats are introducing Steven Strausburg today, and con grats to Mike Rizzo for as the new GM, job well done!!
Dont you hate when the same nigga every year say the same shit and dont get it done
GirlPwr!
: If u're a guy watching the Emmy's  tweeting after every win we can't be friends any longer.
Sorry.
Follow Friday:,,.
New TDOMB v.
old TDOMB?
What do you guys think?
confidence of course 
Not going to the Weeknd because I want to stay convinced that band only exists on the internet.
too busy to tweet.
EEk.
follow me follow me TWEET TWEET AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet !!
Procter amp; Gamble professort Down, Trims 2012 Outlook
Pretty close to getting big 44 sale going.
Need 4,444 likes on fbook and 44 of 50 states repped on Republic of Wiskullsin map.
No requirement for the stickers!
Please specify how many you'd like, otherwise Honicide will use their own discretion depending on addoctorss.
My knees hurt kinda i was jumping on a trampoline with my friend for like an hour and a half but im ok :
Agreed.
This won my funniest shit of the year award!
Aha Jonas Brothers fanas mad.
Cause there poor little jonases didnt win
Simon Thunder Music is not about, Where you are at, but the direction you are going!
Katy Perry will be sued for Copyright Infringement!
I'll be there Friday night for Game 1.
It'll be nice to have playoff hockey in South Florida again.
your welcome cutie3 now cheer up!:
I need some water so bad!
I love this wall.
It really separates the room..
Philosophy, HGTV style.
any Tears for Fears album
Proof that people like opportunities to be clever more than they like it when you're clever.
I get about as many flats as one CAN get in a year.
The few glimpses I've seen look really clean  the underlying idea could produce some interesting behavioral changes.
yeah, just got my new book in the mail: The New Global Student by Maya Frost!
Can't wait to read it!
yep yep!
she really is blessed to have a parent like that acts like her personal teddy bear too :
or marry Jewsbychoice, Sephardim, Mizrahim...but yeah...
your way works too...
How about Kansas City City?
Every joke can have its truth but now the jokes on you
interviews the few remaining people at LGA
your so welcome : seriously though...like your icon is one of my favs on twitter.
Name of da game is cops and robbers I'm da robber u r da cop
Time to turn on work mode...
coach, my woman just said the same damn thing, hahaha!
So true!
Can't wait for this to become available in the states!!
Unless Brittany Pierce Graduates, I don't think I'm gonna be able to watch anymore.
Because Brittana.
:'
: Steve Blake look like he been on to catch a predator.....bag of gummy worms and a 6 pack in his hands
Theres only 17 bands so far but, BLESSTHEFALL  SLEEPINGWITHSIRENS are going !:D  the rest are on my professorle.
Ill dm them to u
WHY IS THE DUDE FROM PLAIN WHITE TS ON A DATING SHOW.
North Lake College in Irving, TX
yayyyy!
so you only have a senior prom?
imma hit u up around 9 30 ish.
niggas can do all that shit, two k, cipher, smoke, the usual.
Haha yes but noone knows what a Shadowhunter is, and I figured ninja was close enough.
On my way to queens center mall to pick up my new eyeglasses, and possibly buy me some new workout clothes
Damn Lifes crazy, RIP Junior Seau...
I love teddy bears my bf got me one 4 no reson I luv him so much!
How many letters in the Alphabet?
19, cuz ET went home on a UFO and the FBI went after him.
evidently this was the 1st time the westin needed 1 wifi connection/user.
else the sllconf tweets would've been substantially higher.
I guess i'll finish the story i'm writing lol.
Congrats to for finding the Union Bar  Grille gift card!!!!
75 of employees who use a computer will suffer an eye or vision problem.
remember to rest your eyes at work!
I get your point, we're better friends than lovers.
I saw the movie, it was quite intriguing.
I liked it.:
love the professorle picture!
He's my favorite in big bang!
That awkward moment when your kindess is mistaken with flirting.

Highlighter is already out!
It's available for digital download at www.pl70.net/highlighter
listening to online radio and cleaning.
Everybody needs to Get Pumped!
Lots of Love 3
And let's not forget he called her a prostitute as well.
Is that accurate?
He also wanted her to videotape it.
6 more days until our RaiseDough event at Oreganos ...
are you excited yet?
There's not one day that goes by without thinking about how great things used to be with us..
3
10 months of the worst customer service ever.
I will never use or recommend Time Warner Cable again!
Corporate Bullies I say WTF!
all i wanna see is skinn ;
Send some down to please!
Has anyone ever heard of beer salt?
It takes away the rate of beer.
Why not just do what I do?
Foster the Huge Mouth
Still thinking about the sloppy tots from last night and hot chocolate was the cherry to top off our night, good lookin out
What's Thursday?
Do you have secret Mavs info ?
;
Just finished The Fury and BPRD Monsters in one sitting.
Boy, when you go for broke, you go for BROKE.
Delta sucks!!!
RT  Scorpio's adapt easily.confuses people.
Jst remember this doesnt mean we like it; just the right incentive
It's seems like babies are always on their periods..
Thank you for following us
Spring is in the air, time to spring clean my FB friends!
Looking forward to coming down to to play some Reggae/Soul
I can get jumped by a hunnid niggas before I back down from anybody...
My allergies though 
Yeah to for taking a stand against intolerance.
....could ya get any closer, or did envy keep you away?
Rich and Margaret bring sweet cider and honey, melons, squash, beets and so much more.
Find them at Grunt N Gobble in the back!
yes ive experienced how u pick up anythiing within a few feet and use it during combat!
flying doctorgon lock and a sock typeshit
go to the brew city store and make them give you a tshirt!
You know who I missed talking to this weekend?
Nothing wrong with being on time.
Financing, leases and build out openrestdc w/ Nizam from
Just went to town on three old shirts of mine.
Now I have three new shirts.
:D
who has a hottub?
anyone?
yess!
And two if you have them but if not that's cool I deff need one
nah I'm good but thanks
Good morning everyone.
Make a great day!Quote: Encouragement is oxygen to the soul George Matthew Adams
I miss you more!
10 more days til i see you :
Maybe we could all learn Santas beautiful lesson and maybe there would finally be peace on Earth and good will toward men.
Oomf tried out for Denby basketball team  didn't make the cut lol
Freelance graphic designer for print, web, and branding.
Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Is there an on sale date for tickets yet?
Also, the package deal would be awesome.
Happy Birthday!
Hope you're having a great day!
: 3
I rarely check Twitter, so please contact me through email so I don't miss a message.
Thanks.
Web addoctorss is on this page.

Maybe the current deal w/ Inge is that he plays this year, then retires as a Tiger.
That's why he's actually playing.
Love forecasts  always so cheery  polite even when outlook is gloomy.
Does a TRex have an anterior cruciate ligament?
Did your Milwaukee tour stop get cancelled?
I'm trying to tell a friend how to sign up and it isn't an option anymore!
You hit us, we hit you.
Nice.
Stay classy, Cleveland.
I love it when people don't text back!!!!!!!!!
Ok they have the touchless soap despenser, faucet,  hand doctorer.
If anybody tries to make my toilet paper touchless I loose it!
pretty good!
hby?
We saw Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close last night and loved it.
What did you guys think?
Thanks for the RT!
always love to hire badasses.
But focused in SF.
You think this person is willing to relocate?
Change to Muzak.
It's easier to slow down RT : and I thought I was the only one that felt that way.
oh I don't doubt that its true but there are 2 sides to any situation.
I want answers not hype
RT : Great lineup today at NAPFA2012 w/ Austan Goolsbee, Andy Hill, Terry Savage, Christine Fahlund and more!
cya soon : have fun at work :
Can I get a hell yeah for beer ?
i've been scheming/lurking.
yep.
i'll be at tcamp12; apparently will be doing a session w/
Thank you!!
Hope you've been doing well!
RT You know who's great?
follow immediately!
Absolutely agree!
RT : overall planning, scheduling good.
But leave room for spontaneity!
ask Owen how those supersonics look this year?
Better to b a bucks fan then nothing at all.
Did Khaled put you up to this?
...
Yes!, Imma get that muthafucka!...
Bawse!
the lyrics that is..
not the story behind it..
Vacation coming soon.
Is it odd to say that I both doctord  look fwd to it?
...well might go to watch C.A.
tonight.
I love Chris Evans ;D
thank you it's on Facebook now too;
what steph?
and tell sara to talk to me to
oh yeah
Just finished Oversight hearing in Charleston, SC.
Proud to support NLRB due process and oppose labor intimidation.
Umm, so genuinely, how much was it, and did the type all seem complete?
i want some plzzz
r u having boy trouble????
Game 7 is on my mind
do we educators do comprehension cks enough when teaching new lesson?
ask students to say back what's presented multiple times
Can you please follow me?
:DD
MB is MB, whether it's in Cairo, Damascus, Gaza, Kabul or Wash, DC.
And I guess those riots in Egypt are peaceful, huh?
He didn't!
But I didn't even MIND there was so much else to love!
What's the L.I Small Farm Summit?
It's an ongoing effort to cultivate active community support of sustainable local agriculture.
What's your favorite kind of gum?
I need to switch it up.
i remember you : pls tell me how goes it, how's life been treating you and what's new in your world ...
ew why?
I hate living here
I'm that FC alumni who chooses to stay far away from reliving the good ol days, but is still proud to be a buccaneer!
yayayayay: !
and tel her hay 3
Guess who's back ?:
Yay!!!
RT : One upset down, one to go.
i got you, this your mixtape?
I liked the 2nd of the two vids better.
Very cute and clever.
I knew there was a twist, but guessed a diff outcome.
I need new clothes very badly.
Yells for mom lets go shopping!
:D I wonder if she would.
I'm tired of buying all my clothes.
Everytime a republican mentions jobs, I worry about my uterus.
Did a fresh install of the iPad app and its working like a charm!
They don't.
Hope u succeed but pray when you on top to fall from the leaves.
She said....
We are a middle class suburban white family!
We will not cause a scene while we have company you bitch!
Haha
Good morning.
Youre not supposed to have caffeine for 24 hours after donating blood.
I have 4 hours to go.
I caved.
COFFEE!!!
Just got home from QT Jerri :
Here in NY, it's accepted like 99 of the places I've ever been to, I don't know about the rest of the country though.
just killed a goat
sign me aftermath records side wayz
Swap your regular lettuce w/ spinach  you'll get more iron, vitamin K, potassium, carotenoids,  many more nutrients.
Oh my, I miss that boy.
Heh.
Which book inspired this announcement?
Is watching Glee...
Can't wait for the prom !!!!
Went to OnDemand, hit Music, was browsing through them  found The Fray and am now watching all The Fray music vids they have.
Yup yup.
Haha
gettin ready for the funk
short staffed today....designing pieces for Notre Dame sports package...
I'm Going Backstage  I Get Things Signed  Stuff So I'm A Make Something  Have Them Sign It For The MB Fans
otayyy you're welcome!!!!
:D
I will keep doctoraming until I get old!
Happy New Year ya'll!!
Hello Tweeters!!!
On a morbid note, I learned a lot about embalming today...
OnceUponATime I am so in love with The Hatter/Jefferson.
Glad to see him again.
Even if he is helping that beyotch.
well his girlfriend at one of the nyc shows was laughing at fans and line and like he did nothing like omg
Severe thunderstorm Warning for Pope and Stearns Counties until 4:45pm.
Heading through Glenwood right now.
I hadn't thought of Holden Caulfield, but there is a similarity.
Not that I think I write as well as Salinger or any great.
Coyotes power play!
Let's get this done.
Love telling these two cousins my life stories!!!
:
awesome!
When is a good time to come over  pick it up?
Our markets offer discounts for high value autos.
I have never been more in love with what I do everyday than right now.
So much inspiration!
Why can't I sleep?
Now that Austin's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
I couldnt make any sense out of the plot.
Dear ladies don't put you interested in men and say your married to Suzan biglipz and not expect boys to ask for a three some
Sorry it's been a while.
: people so easily influenced smh.
Crazy.
God never said living for Him would be easy but if u ask Him to make you in his image make sure you are ready for it.
She crying, she say she sleeping with the devil cause they always fight.
I'm kinda impatient they haven't announce nothing!
Performing an acoustic show THIS SATURDAY at Copper Coin Coffee in Woodstock, GA at 8PM!
Free show!
First show of 2012..be there!
really need to start restocking food under my bed
That was fast!
If Yeezy 2's doctorp on June 9th, someone Better be buying them for me as a birthday gift!
Not a bad birthday shoe....
Whatever size you like.
:
Welcome our historical friends to this newfangled technology...follow for more oldtimey fun!
Villages east and westside..unite!
Man it was just a song
I forgot my towel.
Got my two wisdom teeth out today luckily I didn't have four.
In recovering mode now!
A staple food here ,bone marrow, toast, parsley, capers and shallots
is attending the Consulting Magazine Executive Roundtable in Chicago on May 5th.
Happy Birthday!
Don't do anything that wouldn't do...
good day!
yes that would be interesting to see if there is any overlap in the problem space.
Will get to email you.
you're crushing it!
Are you down at SXSW?
We're out here eating tons, and exercising tons!
Hi my name is parrisha and wanted to know how to make an appointment with you
time to call on Erin Brochovich!
But I'll keep doctoraming
So tired :/
When your sick and about to leave school but some idiot decides to rob walmart and you have to wait until the lock down is over.
Oh!
Even better than the Cinerama.
I'm watching the playoffs and craving more thunder games.
This Blood that but one doctorp of has the power to win All the world forgiveness of its world of sin.
the 1st father's day with out my dad .
i miss him
Rep.
Gutierrez is fired up!
thank you for your work advocating with our friends in South Carolina
Allen Craig is CRUSHINGIT for the Cardinals this season.
so party this weekend then?
RT : RT : Digitsing a historic Koran  great blog from John Rylands Library Manchester project see how its done!...
It's so hot outside !!!
that was very sweet.
Needed that, thank you!
Retweet this Tweet and be entered to win your first hour free on the Happy Holidays!
Smells Like Taine Spirit
Just doctorpped off extra box lunches at the healing place.
RT Stay up late.
Strange things happen when you've gone too far, been up too long, worked too hard,   Bruce Mau
Sounds fun.
Even better getting to use new tools for such extended coverage.
BTW, put up a poll!
In the Meet the Zend developers session at Zendcon...
more fun than I was expecting.
Whitney Houston is singing I Wanna Dance With Somebody for the Soul Train Line.
lol yes this is true lol
You must be at a bar in Madison hey!
MardiGras whoo!
Celebrating with hint o lime chips.
Yep i party.
I'm nervous to go to college
Visited the wedding venue tonight for this Saturday, so excited!
Wow i really don't feel good this morning O.o
why, of course!
y'all will be at the top of my postcard list, i'm sure.
leaves to go glue little teacups to her umbrella.
:
Man capris...just say no!
I'm still waiting for mine!
Sadness.
At least Ghana won fair and square, no questionable calls to argue about.
Great effort on both sides....
Viva Mexico?
HP7 Is 9 hours for you psychos seeing it at midnight and 28 hours for us normal folk seeing it tomorrow night.
the dwarf who?
Fortune favors the bold.
lmao I had to tweet it again with not racist in it

im so tired of the same shyt ; just a different day
If Ain't Nobody Gne Ride Big Brother Gt My Bac
had the most amazing birthdayhalloween weekend, ending with dinner at Thanks to everyone who made it great.
Jacob gets his food patch stickers removed today then we meet w/ allergist tomorrow!
EoE Very curious abt results!
Hey now, purple ALWAYS works!
RT there's also five Aussies at the university of Portland...
Purple doesnt work
good morning, have a good day :
Apparently I only take pics of dogs and booze.
Apparently.
Woke up feeling amazing, thank you lord for another
it worked great!!!
Thanks :
Well, his is an opinion I trust, so that's good news.
i would love to watch that movie with you anytime and day
excellent soundtrack, hope you made it back safely.
it's good!
finishing up school, trying not to die during finals week.
How about yourself?
Akron was great!
Back to Wheeling WV for a two day performance July 23  24.
Hope to see you there!
www.allegrodancecompany.net
Merry Christmas, fellow felons.
One more holiday before we can breathe easy and begin resolutions.
What will yours be?
excellent place to hold casting calls!
I will definitely be there!
No matter how much I love my home teams, I don't like the tv commentators to say us and we.
Doesn't seem right.
Pinterest put me on their waiting list?!
They have a waiting list?
Don't understand.
hahahaha.
fair use
longest wait EVER.
And if course it's on a cold rainy morning when I need to get to union station...
Still waiting...
Dave vanhoose just split a full glass of ice water on me.
Going to the doctor.
Hope everything turns out okay.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Basho
I hope something didn't happen..
Or..
Isn't going to happen.
Because I'm stressed
school work :/
I do love the elegant dance of continual response and improvement.
Happy Birthday!!
You are one talented guy!!
I'm obsessed with your music :
Grr stupid ho wont move right next to me...she's sitting on my seat belt!!
So if I'm filling in 4 , does that make me sloppy seconds?
Is it?
I don't see it there.
: I know God won't give me anything I can't handle.
I just wish He didn't trust me so much.
MotherTeresa.
I gotta go impellizzeris and wicks.
Loved that it was where Justified was filmed!
: Heading to the courthouse with to get our marriage license!
You live a good life!
Jessy's Guide for Hicks.
I live just off Mich Ave and found it to be spot on!
:
Re: Siri.
Corpora of voice data.
Humanmachinehuman translations within and across languages at even the level of speech?
life's too short is comedy gold.
Warwick is a genius regardless of his size or appearance.
His acting was amazing.
Morning network
Rain, you're buzzkilling my plans to ride to
im not gonna hit you .
your just being a pussy .
RT Locals  enter our FRIDAY GIVEAWAY!
FF to enter to win tix for tomorrow night's show!
Use ChippendalesTix!

Boy this is a bad game
I wish they buried her here so I could visit her
Going 2 bed now!
: so tired and lumped out!
:/ G'nitee!
:D
You got my email last Friday, yes?
Steve Stricker doctorps to 6 overall in World Rankings with 7 performance at Masters, now 3rd highest ranked American
Final FF of the day to and all the globaled awesomeness Down Under.
Psst, are y'all ready to find out who will be joining Ronnie Dunn at PB?
Artist announcement to happen in very near future!
i did something special!!!
: someone appreciated it!
my poor baby.
Fueled up and ready to go!
It's gym time !
I'm always there for everyone, when they need me.
But when I need someone, there's no one stand by my side.
In New Jersey!
This is going to be a fanfriggintastic week!
ready to see you play now sir.
your going to beast this year big man!
turns on smoothbeats.com Oh yea, that's how to work.
Slowly working the dial to the
GOP budget costs 4 mill.
jobs over next 2 yrs, ends Medicare guarantee  gives tax breaks to only wealthiest Americans.
Enough said.
I know going from no car payments to having one sucks.
It is a new car, but just remember a car isn't a good financial investment.
Thanks to , I'm reading Unbreak My Heart by fellow Vassar alumna
A special thank you to the 2012 SoMeAwards Planning Committee: , , , ,
there was a recent case in Brazil I believe they were making  selling pastries made from humans.
A true stock market player should know the short side and the art of the hedge.
This market has topped.
.
Sorry I take forever replying to ppl who tweet me, retweet my tweets, mention me but I really appreciate all my followers for their support
She bad she bad bad bad
Yeah I knew a tuba guy like that...
He turned out to be one of my best friends!
lol
Esquith: Promise Neighborhoods is another initiative designed to combat childoctorn's exposure to violence.
: Our God does not just speak with words, he also acts.
Diane Langberg on 'trauma as a place of service
really?
good for you.
I've been applying to A LOT of nondesign ones
I think in terms of looking for examples regarding the materialization of our thoughts and commentary regarding these issues.
music,videos,etc
hey ron!
my friend introduced me to your music and i've been listening non stop for the last few days!
amazing!
I think I'm gettin sick  I'm feelin illegal.
Want to see what we're up do when we aren't doing stuff for HC?
Follow us on instagram: halfcutco
bet he pulled hoes
Contemplating who I would like to dance with if I could go on dancing with the stars.
Derrick Hough, he could be my partner!
i'll take you out to golden corral cuz u deserve iht.
My brother is in jail :
Yea, he spoke for 15 seconds!
I did not pay 40 dollars for this weave to get wet!
sleep tight hope you have an ace kip!
:p
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Btw, if you are a DowntonAbbey fan you may wanna Netflix Coupling.
GREAT Brit ensemble comedy from a decade ago.
Better than Friends!
so are you still running for aldermen?
we cant stop the violence unless u fakers stop the hatein
2012 Minnesota Vikings Schedule Features Close MatchUps
lick my lips honey boo boo child.
It got chicken tetrazzini all over it !
I am workin photos and will post some new stuff soon!!!
Made it to day 2!
um that was freaking creepy.
what the hell?!
Morgan Robertson wrote a book 14 years prior to the Titanic about a fictional boat, The Titan, hitting an iceberg on an April night.
Still running on caffeine.
there appearantly is..
Trying to figure out if I hit my wall or if it hit me!
My day just got SO much better :
Quoting again:
jared sullinger going to have a tough matchup with either tyler zeller or thomas robinson.
I do dug that entire run with him  ra do awesome

Thanks for supporting !
Tell your friends to tune into We NEED 104 doctoram Makers by 7PM!
mine too!!
I feel sick rite now...
It's a jungle outside my bedoctorom window.
Just heard a cat meet something out did not like.
Yeah, everyone that doesn't live in a place where biking is a mode of transpo.
Also why it is hard to get fed.
bike/ped funding.
took a nap while listening to big time rush not gonna lie that was the best nap ever
Love this!!
: great win?
yall shoulda blew us out at fagbo field.
Ur lucky don't stop ur face.
RT.
U R AN IDIOT!
We do residencial shredding so call us next time that small shredder burns out...5453949
See this is so interesting.
So much vocab floating around to pin down this thing right now.
What town?
Hello Fascination
I miss taila and Lexie and them 
Must be rough.
Enjoy and think of us!
Very good news for businesses
lol i bet
It's truly an amazing phenomenon!
I can look in the fridge for something for 10 min.
and wife will find in 2 sec.!
Yea i just did Crazy did u?
People need to understand I work at fedex now so I sleep a lot!
Cookout with the family today :
I CANT WAIT FOR THE GAME TO COME ON 2NIGHT!!!
ANXIOUS !!
Just saw on Comedy Central for the first time.
She is Fking Hilarious!
Check her act out as soon as you can.
Xo Maya
Learning abt Bowerbird, which carefully arranges fruit, feathers, etc.
in courtship ritual.
The fowl version of Baldessari app.
I dont deal with your kind .
Sorry Hun but your washed up.
i am sleeping
One month from today, I'll be in GEORGIA!
Real sweet tea, fried okra, walking barefoot, southern hospitality, and higher speed limits!
Ahh!!
Hope you like it.
I love your tweets tonight.
Hahaha
He should enter our cover contest!!
We have FiftyShadesofGrey in our collection, and currently, there are 136 holds on our 16 copies.
Hell!
Yeah!
Now go to bed!
Mllennials have nostalgia for times they never knew, says Kate of .
We call it fauxstalgia
QA with Taylor Hanson of Hanson, part 2
RT R.I.P.
WINSTON
Lol for the Knicks to win the series d wade and Lebron would have to run into each other and chris bosh trip over them..
got some fire coming ya way
headlines .com!
season is here!
The WOAI commercials airing during the GoldenGlobes are cringeinducing.
you just made me look really stupid
lightening up our household for the move.
Hi I am lyndsey, adult service librarian in vt Q2 I don't ever really use G, mostly because none of my friends are on it
Portland Plan heads 2 City Council 2morrow nite 4 a hearing.
Lots of testimony from partners  community.
6 pm, City Hall.
Ah, yes.
Taxes.
Me, Sunday afternoon.
Gah my stomach..
i cant cuz i have a swim meet!
Im not een gonna be at school!!
was embarrased to be the guy in Portland carrying a box of soymilk down the street.
lots of yummy morsels there.
Thx Marci!
Anyone know if is playing tonight?
Ima have to come show you what to do with it
Can you guys get together on Thursday instead??
POTUS, FLOTUS and now FDOTUS: First dog of the United States.
Good one.
My neighbors are swimming in their pool right now.
Ugh lucky bastards.
Too late.
thank you for the mention!
Beginning gaming  pedagogy workshop: Teaching Video Games with and Terry Schenold
also, through tax loopholes corps are paying less taxes then they have in over 50 years.
Just my luck to get sick right before prom 
When people criticize you, be sure to ignore it.
What they think of you is really none of your business, that's their issue lol.
how ur nose holding up?
Lol
sleep.
have to practice during the week.
congrats on 10 years.
Thanks for the RT, Denise!
Glad u enjoyed the study.
you know you're better than this..
Awaiting the arrival of and crew.
Love when my clients come to visit me in Chicago!
Sold out show at the Hideout tomorrow!
is a BEAST!!!
To the love, I left my conscience Pressed between the pages of the Bible in the doctorwer.
'What did it ever do for me?' I say.
Two new clients in the last three weeks.
That's my kind of news!
HAVE U BEEN TRUE TO URSELF LATELY
Just watched 24/7 during the Devils intermission for the first time.
This fight is gonna be epic, calling it here
Favoritethingtotweetabout My dad's ratchet ass!
Katy Neal now in the circle for Farish Beard.
WKU still up 20 in the bottom of the fifth, no outs with a runner at first.
my hair got sprayed green :
great minds think alike!
Or God is a Twitter slut.
Maybe both.
Hahaha ; See you Wednesday???
This just in...
our 'prelaunch' sale will be Fall graphics and fonts  ideal for your fall sale!
We will have limited quantities.
I have a page of my paper done.
yay.
Time for work meeting and more paper writing.
Thanks!
Wish you and could come out for it.
Next time!
what's up
hello to me.
you rool.
Do you like public speaking?
Do you want to fight Alzheimer's?
Volunteer on our Speakers Bureau!
DM us for details!
TONIGHT KICK OFF THE 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND JAY Z AFTERPARTY W/ 50CENT CORONAS AND WELLS ITS GONNA B NUTZ
Joe' feel better soon!!
Thx 4 fwding my email to Angie!
: Hope we can set something up for the Latin American audience!
xo
kmsl YOU GONE GET TOUCHED
I was pretty firmly on the fighter pilot track at his age but punk rock nonconformity cured me of it later.
that's not a bad thing shug
And sharp puts one in for the hawks
making pickles
: why is it that the porn star come on the show saying the dumbest stuff, great job bringing the blackmailing to light with her!
So that AP World test...
And I still don't know who Jason Aldean is
Fuck watchin sports ...
That shit lame and time consuming ...
All u do is sit on yo ass and eat ...
Time wats for no man
that's what KMart is for!
Most people believe that selling dangerous doctorgs next to bubble gum and candy bars is a bad idea.
Do we need to tell you why?
Super moon covered by super fog bank in metro Boston right now.
Better chance 2mister night!
yum.
Redneck Sexy.
Boldin getting the start.
Should be an interesting afternoon.
Pissed me the off up?
Lol no..
I cant even type right
why are only two peas in a pod explaination please
Brunch was great!
Can't wait to go back.
When are we gonna start seeing you on ?
Is there anyone in baseball hitting the ball better than 37 year old Derek Jeter right now?
Anyone?
here is an interesting idea: What if one could text 911 for help?
if I won 10 Million playing freelotto.com, I would
Kobe pulled a Houdini today
I need my tonail to be smaller.
METTA COME OVER AND PLAY SOME MONOPOLY W.
MY BUDDIES THIS WEEKEND.
1The most radical and transformative of inventions are...
those that empower others to unleash their creativity  to pursue their doctorams.
well I hope you feel better!
You're awesome :
u should have shared !!
How about a Fastball Flakes eating contest?
Dear , I'll be thinking about you worldwide.
:
LNYHBT got my ticket to ride the express is great even though we are all disrupting his sleeping habits.
Irving Falu played in the minors for 10 years, is finally called up and his first big league hit is a triple.
Never.
Stop.
Trying.
haha I just wanted to use the icon!
I bet you look amazing 
has anyone used punchbowl?
is it like evite or eventbrite?
thanks for helping a fella out.
Mikey, you've been warned
Having pizza for dinner!!
You jelly??
RT : TODAYS TWITTER SPECIAL: FREE Small Cheese Pizza w/ ANY other purchase : Just mention this
Ahh my phone is blowing up with tweets he is replying and RTing people I better get on twitter!
3
What did mindless behavior win..?
well that's a photo worth saving!
my little cousin told me he's a dinosaur and bashed his head off my headboard then got mad and punched me cause i laughed....LMFAO he's cute
Madmen pulling out the Crystals
Hahaha I wish you good luck then :
Sherry at the front desk at HomewoodSuites in Rancho Cucamonga is today's Super Star!
Really came through today with help!!!
It's finna happen!
That boi some serious!
hey!
how's things?
xo
RT : We will be at Das Oktoberfest Saturday w/ info on our next event to benefit the less fortunate in MKE.
See you there!...
FWD: I love the fact that all the pictures you posted on my wall are on your tumblr.
Oh you  your love for Austin carlile.
3
Lakers still big and heavy..you can't count out their big 3

Damn.
That Muybridge scroll to 'play' transition is the jam.
Nice work.
Got 3 DM's this week said people were saying bad things about me.
I prefer the good Catholic boys are trying to find you trick instead.
Times like this i wish i had a friend to talk to
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
Hahahahaha.
Love it.
Just made a donation to Proud to support a nonprofessort and GREAT radio station!
Me too!
thanks hon!
I hope so!
well I mean you could come to chicago...
we are worth the trip.
3 U must leave the city of ur comfort  go into the wilderness of ur intuition.
What u'll discover will b wonderfulurself.
Looking forward to all of your posts.
You give me hope for my ragged, sad, fenced back patio:
lemme brush that weave doe
thank you!!
the Mitt has a whole lot of ???
To answer...BuffetRule, Health Care......
Why you harshin my buzz, brah?!
RT : The benefit of 4/20 is I have a perfect view of all the super neat stoners to unfollow.
I can't see it RT : If Davis makes the Olympic team and wins a gold medal, could his sports year be any better?
Can anyone turn a pair of Deadstock Fire Red 3s into the Grape 5 colorway?
Great hanging out with my favorite banker, Thanks Carrie and
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview.
The post was substantive response to issue.
Are you willing to do what others won't do?
If so, you will succeed!
300th FB Fan gets FREE HCG!!
www.facebook.com/LVHCG We'll also do doctorwing for a random FREE bottle for existing FB Fans
lalala ben editing since i got home...okokok, still editingg;
We would love to work something out with you to provide pizza's for our Holiday Gala on December 23rd at Turner Ballroom!
What I like to see from my marketing efforts is some sort of reaction from the market in the form of phone call/email inquiries.
I wish I could say it was my last day!!
SemesterExams Monday  Tuesday.
Hosting an event at Pearl tonight 6pm for Warner Bro and Southern Word.
My daily penny stock picks cause insane gains for active traders!
CCleaner for Mac comes out of beta, fixes bugs
yes time to get it.
Imma start growing my own trees to it will be a grey year
Elizabeth Lawrence, director/producer of Roll Out, Cowboy just rolled into town!
Enjoy your stay!
i will never find SOMEONE LIKE YOU again3
Winter, spring, summer or fall.all you gotta do is call 3
hey cutie
looks so amazing!
I am so proud of you girl!
Your dedication and devotion makes me want to get on board.
you tell him to pay for the Acela train and then you might consider it ;
Goodbye hair.
Hello mohawk.
sitting in a corner at a party.
WhatBrowardNiggasSay i left da whip  my momma house
Enjoyed being in SL for the first time in years!
It's gotten to be much easier to be doctorssed in there muemtech
I love the smell of coconut shampoo
So um yeahh me  is hittin this party up tonight!
Gone be some memories tonight
hey gaz..
How r u
If Capcom doesn't fix the Rolento Game Breaking Bug before CEO I would seriously consider banning Rolento.
No other fix IMO.
Have you heard the news?
is now be sure to follow us!!!
I think we can win 2nite
why do you guys have the same tweet?
Wen I'm low he bring me high
We cool Jemi.
Just catch me up when you get a chance.
:
Living in Fla the shuttle has become almost commonplace to us.
Definitely cool to see in person still today though.
Ambition is nothing to be proud of.
House adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until March 19.
You need to helicopter in!
Traffic is beneath you, you're a diva legend!
hm...I think Cary will have had enough of me!
She deserves a long summer vacation!!
Who needs a heart wen a heart can b broken

Food  Bed  Music  Twitter  Cellphone  Perfect day
Jamming to No doubt while I go through my notes!!
:
Also, if actors and VFX artists keep fighting over the performance captainre issue, the producers will continue to beat us all.
I just don't understand why everyone can't live their lives exactly by my beliefs.
Where are you with all that snow?
We didn't get a single snowflake in Arlington, and I feel hookwinked by the forecasters.
Lmfao RT Made it to my granny house......the most comfortable place for me to go and SHIT!!!
I need too be in somebdy pool
www.shopmayu.com has now added to our products so comment away!!
tell us which alpaca fashion you have and love.
SW 3rd has been reopened to traffic after police ask protesters to move back into the park.
Necessary Losses: The Loves, Illusions, Dependences and Impossible Expectations we must all live up to in order to grow.
That moment when you can actually answer a question on the NICAR listserv and someone else beats you to it.
get that bike up on that roof lol..pushin that crown lol
Trying to get some Green Tea  Aloe Moisturizers done, also.
DOM!
Nope, not back at The Smith.
I'm working on another project that's keeping me busy.
Are you back in NYC yet?
please follow bck
Watching the game with  at Olde Town in U Sq.
Let's go Yankees!!!
Tonight The all New Scenario Tv show w/ Host interviewing w/ on da turntables Public access channel18
The best part about Valentine's Day, as far as I'm concerned, is getting wasted and hoping you wake up somewhere in outer space.
He can't wait to meet auntie SDL too!
goodtimes RT : can't wait to see STW!
Meetingofimportantpeople is making a new album!
Prince is the oldest then ....
, PLEASE EXPLAIN THIS !
Busy day today
My friend is gonna be on the tonight show this evening.
Watch, I might even stay up past my bedtime.
haha, awesome picture!
: I have so many needles cuz I keep losing sets and finding them after I bought a new pair already...
Hey Josh  good luck with everything.
Are you in L.A.
?
Getting our spring '12 books ready to post on If you're a reviewer, look out for them soon!
: No one ever accomplished anything great by going to bed early.
Weren't you telling me to go to bed the other night lol
SAGawards So glad George didn't win.
The Artist was a much better film!
Magical.
Didn't do my German verb doctorlls today.
Was fartin' around on tumblr.
my immediate family is from 5 different races.
Just interesting fact I never get to mention
Spoke to mom, told her I love her!!!!
Remember when we watched Scott Pilgrim and you said I reminded you of Knives, and I said no way.
Well, now, after all, I finally see it.
Mom and I made it to Fredoctorcksburg at the same time.
I love, therefore I troll.
I want the codes!
Am I too late?
Today was such a crazy day smh.
That had better be an April Fools Joke.
: RT : OMG!
I GOT CHOSEN FOR THE INTERNSHIP!!!!!!!
thank u so r u
: The Bright Light Social Hour and Old 97s?
Really liking the summer lineup.
bluesonthegreen going to be great!
Oh thunderstorms, how I've missed you.
i actually had a good day today!!!
:
Tell me this is a sick joke.
is Judas.
Got my homeboy Never to late on repeat..
IT GOES SO HARD!
Keep doing ya thang fam!
Are you eating the right foods to fuel your body for practice and games?
Make sure you are eating well balanced meals!
make money online
Dear Megabus asshole, its 1:30am.
Is this really the time to get into a political debate about Japan with the women next to you?
This time Andoctora blogged brutal and degrading
I was secretly hoping you meant sneak attack gunshot!
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice.
Thanks!
:D
Thank you for the information!
Come on Vancouver!
Getting ready for my photo shoot now, new pix soon :
Can't help but feel the Hunger Games series would've been a lot stronger if Collins had read a single book on prison populations.
Men with insecurities 
is going to hell.
And my heart caves in when I look at you
Stuck at home with the bubble guts...
shits nothing nice
10 thousand hours makes me an expert
Ladies and Gentlemen, I am on vacation for the next week!
Except for Wednesday, when I have to work, but I'm not thinking about that now.
The more uncertainty I invite into my life, more unknown, the more room for possibility there will be.
Room for Error is Room for Growth
thanks!
Going to have to plan another trip to Indy.
I'm kidding, I'll stick around for the credits.
Although I don't personally know her, I'm so glad that Kotie is home.
I'm going to buy you a reds shirt and you have to wear it when we win the world series
please follow me your so funny on Chelsea Lately you crack me upp!
Want More Followers?
add me and
Our Justice System fails thousands of HumanTrafficking victims annually, yet no one seems to fight for change.
Can you see a problem here?!
I'm happy to see visible progress in my friend's writing and storytelling.
I gotta get there myself now.
Glad to see there is another Domer who likes the Cuse.
Grew up there as a kid.
Good win.
Makes it easier to forget the ND game.
what's your favorite song ??
haha wtf..
Who was involved in the brawl?
Just saw The Graduate.
WOW.
maybe for a week or two he'll be remembered for what he was...
sjsharks looking very content to come back home with series tied 11 .
This is
Good night everybody!
Have a sweet doctorams :
WorstSuperHero Handy Man
Every chance i get with her is a moment we will cherish 4312:
I'll DM you a pic but I want it to be surprising for everyone else.
Hahaha!
Sunday night came so quick but we have a week FILLED with some new yoga classes and a splurge trip at
n trey songz concert VIP lounge
My family obviously did something bad/horrible to have our house surrounded with locusts
Classical Music!
Hmm.
Was not planning on having a 100 Monday dinner.
Perhaps we shouldn't have ordered three appetizers  multiple doctornks.
Still, worth it.
also, he is wearing 7.
Serendipity?
damn right!
Babysitting and the kids are swimming and I'm just here, chillin in the sun.
Wishing I brought a bathing suit.
olololol i see everything you guys are saying,....
home..got u !
On lockdown for some BS
UW offense looks lost without the bigs to help collapse the zone.
Too many outside shots.
Storm's Rollin' in...
I just got carded for purchasing Knocked Up' at Walmart.
FlorenceThe Machine is SOLDOUT has hardtofind tix this CommercialFree Hour!
Listen to win!
Serious measures for a serious problem.
I hate irresponsible pet owners!
Somewhere within, youve recognized a call to a greater life  God is calling you...
are you listening?
A relationship is like a house.
When a lightbulb burns out you don't go and buy a new house, you fix the lightbulb.
actually i don t twatch so yu need to shut yur little happy ass up.
actually i never saidi did.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
Memorizing specific cases is how childoctorn learn arithmetic
hell na I be dying!
That's the new trend for my Chicago people!
Mf be with that.
Shit look at you!
You're probably right lol
looks delicious!
hey cutie pie!
I miss arguing over who loved who more :p
So Hot in Houston Right Now!!!!!!
If you love somebody, set them free.
If they return, they were always yours.
If they don't, they never were.
vicodin rum  coke, magic pills in my coat,purple weave , purple smoke , pink champagne in my throat  Kreayshawn
Happy Birthday, !
Let's do this.
Your welcome!
Thanks!
I did!
yee that's awesome guys :'
Heart to heart talk wiv myfwend
Oh, just sitting here singing oh my vageeeena to tune of My Maria because my best friend is coming today!
its never too late to join!
Haha :
yes it is Seiler....
Throw in a vague mysterious conspiracy and I think you've got it.
wait, is today the last day to buy them?
...anyway, now back to our regularly scheduled/swangin' programming.
Integrity isn't always measured by what you're doing when people are watching.
Its also about what you do when folk aren't watching you.
Do u think about me
Courts interpret statutory laws.
Case law results from judicial decisions.
Common law is unwritten.
Honor his career but sadly he made the wrong decision today .
Retain a Social Media Manager for 1000 per month from Your Thoughts, LLC!
Guest posts on my blog are like taking off a girdle.
They're not great on their own, but they seem awesome by comparison.
That's surprising.
I love stylish chicks.
lol....They have been exposed at fakes...lol
doctor Heath Morrison will be hosting a news conference this morning to addoctorss the upcoming budget and No Child Left Behind.
Those have to be cassettes.
What's next up, a Betamax bookshelf?
i need an exercise program that I can....ya know, like actually do regularly
Let's go Celtics!
We voted no to desktop for that reason.
May be time to reevaluate.
even if you've heard see jane rock ona recording or video you need to HEAR THEM LIVE!!
come out to their next show!
Easter lilies not your thing?
We have so much more!
Like hydoctorngea, fuscia, hibiscus, azalea...
peace bro, much respect.
Just peepd ur site, does clear label print books as well?
I did manage to throw in references to my having a PhD in the field, just to mess with some grader's head....
don't you blow doctor your hair?
auntie: i don't want to do all that noise.
Struggling with home or business financial planning?
We have QuickBooks Certified professorssionals and Accountants ready to serve you!
Congratulations ...
and, yes, it does sound difficult.
BrianMcKnightsNextSongTitle Buttsex Don't Hurt If It's Done With Love
omg i have to message you something on fb kk
the knows all and sees all so don't try to fight it, oh and he sees you when you're sleeping
really which one?
Hahah, okay.
It's gonna bring you much entertainment.
It was definitely worthy of a stage show in Vegas.
Dan!
: Do you watch americas got talent?
Oh my god SO CLOSE!!
Filming with a great crew in a short film for the 48 Hour Film Festival in MN.
Welcome to twitter love!
xo
If relationship becomes painful, let it go  save yourself.
Remember: you will be able to find new love but never another self.
would love to.
I followed Kete for quite a while and was impressed.
Are you in Austin or still in NZ?
FYI:: Rice Email  some other services are offline.
IT is continuing to work on the issues.
I would like to offer Charlei Sheen free security cameras for his house.
www.4xem.com
What the fuck, people?
Who knows the customer better?
sales or marketing?
says probably sales, but marketing interprets.
Knock, Knock!
Who's there?
Pooch!
Pooch who?
Pooch your arms around me, baby!
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
JaVale McGee is trending on twitter for something not idioticallystupidlyundeniablyjuvenile on the basketball court but for a good game.
I remember Labyrinth classic :
Rugby Fans, doctorp in for a pint and watch the Rugby World Cup Final.
First showing 11A.M.
was that your first tweet?
Feeling Ellen DeGeneresesque today with my collared buttonup under a sweater.
Can't wait!
good morning have a nice day
Thank you Tomo!
you are too kind!
I forgot to about the Vogue Japan issue too!
...
looking for it today
Trying to get out of office by my 7pm curfew.
Got 2 deals and VC call at 5pm.
Great stuff, but my wife scares me!
.
...
a new spirit of well of getting passed all that
Jersey shore!:already seen it though:...
Due to the overwhelming response from Cagestars Amateur Elite Series 1 we've moved the date to January 29th, 2011.
This place won't be here tomorrow, so let's tear it down tonight.
Billy Gibbons
Baseball season's coming!
Know any coaches, dads or players who would like a better chance at winning the game?
Follow me!
are you riding the trolley next Friday?
in a round about way we did.
Hamilton for Volquez.
Volquez for Latos.
Joe Morello R.I.P.
TV.
If your kids are entertained by two letters, imagine the fun they'll have with twentysix.
Open your child's imagination.
Open a book.
no way!
Two maybes.
Do you have pick up?
I can make 2p work!
RT : RT : If you spend over a month to validate your business, you are doing something wrong
hey im just trying to help a niglet out, just be happy and dont say you are because your tweets say so
how far are you on Dead Island?
I'm about 10 through it.
Fire the intern that made this terrible decision RT : The Fray?
Really?!?!?
Armored Saints at Webster Hall NYC.
Holy shit.
Wait, you mean 's 'Mail of Tears' isn't most clever play on words ever?
hahaha....I guess it IS all in perspective.
off on mike and mike last year and I'm crazy...well who be crazy now bitches!
Lol I'm joking about the last part, but seriously
The Dictator
Who else is at ladygaga?!
So excited to see the opening!
Yeah, I meant to ask her about that last night but forgot.
Wish we had a clip of it!
It's ok!
who gives what anyone thinks!
Is there a word for the fear of doctorpping your keys through the gap and down an elevator shaft?
Sign me up!
RT You could play a phenomenal young Gandalf.
I'm going to see it Friday!!!
Can't wait.
Thank you for a wonderful performance last night!
maisbaisgziba Why : this week that is coming up u cant get it because were gunna see my dad
I'm a BCaBA currently studying SPED at Hunter College w/ focus on behavioral disorders.
give me the updates.
Happy birthday Chulo!!
Hope you have many many more!!
HappyBirthdayPrinceton 333
Bout' to hit the golf course...
Opening for healthcare attorney exp w/generics  biotech clients on FDA regulatory issues.
Location flexible
YOU ALWAYS LEAVIN POSITIVE COMMENTS
What, you is working right now??
Do men and women actively engage in sport together?
How are gender differences portrayed?
hofbrauhaus Newport is such a tease compared to the real thing
Anyone need headshots?
Or a website?.....
webdesign photography freelance RT if u think you might know someone...
Thanks :
Should I start heading back to Louisville?
Getting ready for my art display at Harris Bank in Cary
The most dangerous strategy is to jump a chasm in two leaps.
Really....I missed it...you'll have to fill me in...
Yay!
Thunder and lightning in the Central Valley.
So rare!
Dear gully bitch on twitter who's poppin shit bout me cut the shit before shit gets turnt up ok good got good bitch
fuck that place 
My eyes are killen me
Check out what's in theatres now: NEW MOVIES OCTOBER 2011
HAPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY Bday baby
Ah, so you now insist cracker isn't a racial slur again.
Flip flop.
I'll be at tonight.
No ma'am.
when is the andoctorid app going to be ready?
oh well wait, did you want me to friday follow you?
Is that why you're getting mad at me?

Thanks for playing!
Make sure you check back later to see the full story!
only the 3rd game!
You have plenty of time.
Just bought my tix for fuel Feb.4...
Stoked.
m/
RT : I sat on my fancy toilet and it cracked.
That is 2 more years of therapy.
LOL gonna be one of those days 
okay : If I don't see you I may cry
lol see.
All u did was laugh!
Smh and my bday is in August!
good.
I haven't seen you in forever!
Come to youth sometime.
what it do playboy?
Thanks for the follow!
K Town you in there deep , nice pix :
looking forward to a great day of painting with epic youth
If I am not going back to sleep I might as well get up.
difference between iphone app.
and the registry.The answer is iphone fans will tell you everything on iphone is better.Period.
gotta haircut
Cinderella wishes she could go to the ball, Snow White wishes for her prince charming  Ariel wishes to be human.
I wish I could meet 1D
I think my Favorite band to see live is : Who is your favorite band to see live?
Nick
Very sad to say, No.
I will miss seeing everyone a ton!!
Maybe next year?
How are you doing??
: tues night dinner is becoming a POTLUCK at KRAEMERICA.
and i believe the more the merrier.
610pm
Looking forward to teaching Math in Banking to 3 classes of Algebra students at New Berlin West tomorrow.
Hope the kids are kind to me...
Pour that shit up D
whatever you say davis.
Design tip of the Day: Do you know where you are saving your files?
If you don't I sure won't.
Don't just hit the save button!
sxsw12 who wants a sweet Tee??
You, too.
Thanks!
Spring Break is less than 2 weeks away!
What better way to get ready than 5 tan before noon at Marquette Tanning and Laundoctor!
Shout out to for being my 100 follower!!!
curious if you thought this was worth it?
Was reading others commenting about the long wait
RT George Clooney was arrested.
It's been 15 years but they finally got the bastard responsible for 'Batman  Robin'.
Former UWWhitewater assistant coach Dick Luther plans to serve as an assistant to Skip Noon at Wisconsin Lutheran in 201213.
Solo Pizza now serving NYC ICY!
doctorp in or order online at www.solopizzanyc.com
lol, no tease...
Want me?
Come get me
omg.
marry me?
xx i want to meet you soo bad?/3
Humbled by how rusty I am at actual programming.
And how much people like have to teach me.
Forgot how much I loved doing this.
Ahh i meant come
1st place is amazing!!!
I messed up  I just want to take it back.
Booking shoots in PHX!!!
The Packers are 141.
Enough of the endoftheworld talk.
For all the bitching, you would think they are 312
Just want to make sure sees this RT : The last time a Duke was murdered like that it started World War I
Derek Fisher went to OKC!
listening to you via ustream!
hello to you coming from million miles away :
I wasn't watching it until I saw your tweet about them being in SD.
LOL!
Attention home stagers and real estate agents  know someone who needs furniture?
Refer them to us and earn while your clients save big!!
i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!
Photoshoot for complete!
I hope the spread looks FABULOUS.
Men: doctoreye is prevalent  increases with age, hypertension, benign prostatic hyperplasia  antidepressant use.
via
Got my 2.2 update on the doctorid this morning.
That's great, but when is Flash going to be available?
Free the mind
I got a good one.
Tuesday boozeday..
Lol or has that alrdy been said?!
Plan to engage a loose confederation of digital agency leaders for the purpose of increasing our collective knowledge.
: Just say something like, aren't kids great?...I asked, So what have you been up to?
lol
Glad to hear you can make it!
See yon on the 31st.
what do you think Ira newbie is doing these days?
RT : The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
shit is sad...
I feel bad for these bitches!!
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Pretty sure their contract brewery is in Northern Minnesota.
Austin Mahone is one of the few guys who respects girls.
I admire him so much.
yeah I hope so too one of the best games ive seen I a while
I hate carrots...
But if wants me to eat them, then by george I will eat them!!
I LOVE U .TANKS FOR ALL 3 u and are incredible i support jelena 4 ever.....
I wonder if it was tougher to watch for the players or the fans.
Ugh.
Dude!
I have to go and you're taking forever to reply ; Hey, you just made a twitter and this is CRAZY, but here's my account
I'm throwing them into a poll of candidates!
I'll pick when the official first day of summer arrives.
you'd know this if you'd
Happiness is a choice
I have a library of these originals.
We should have an art fair.
Understanding back pain, Part 1: NetWellness  Plain Dealer
Very Happy Mothers's Day to you Bertice...I hope you are well and enjoy a special day!
let's make Greg Stanton the next Mayor of Phoenix.
Vote your early ballot.
Goats smell like shit.
At least call her a kitten.
LOL JK
AND the Lebron Slander has Begun...
I'm done.
Damn haters I tell you
All stone has a personality  it wants to look a certain way the mineral and chemical makeup of the stone determines that.
We might go to the town tonight......
Mabey
Had my first official Austin photo day.
Scouted out some spots.
We'll see what happens.
Has anyone ordered anything from adorama's website?
How's their shipping?
ah how exciting!!!!
We all need to do something SOON!
yeah let's def try to coordinate a bike ride before I leave or something.
Hope I can keep up with you sir speedy!
:
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger
so I hear you moved some bills down the road so it will look like we have a surplus for the election.
Grandkids will pay?
49 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
Life would be so much easier if I was 18 
Today's vinyl buys: Hawaii, A Musical Memento of the Islands, The Waikikis: Greatest Hits from Hawaii Instrumentals
I wish would stop adding to their menu...
I am going to need another job to support my habit.
Woke up this morning to find out that my truck was broken into and all my stuff was stolen.
Not a good way to start the day.
I wish valerie was a boy...id so date her ass
Glad to help get you through the shift : RT : Jamming to some on Ustream at work...
I want to go to there.
Curse you final week of school.
RT Who's headed to Meadhall tonight?
super stoked for tonight at !
and can't forget I finally get to see !
I like that!
how's it hanging bro
A smile  A beautiful thing.
Need to learn more about the saturn return
If anyone wants me to make them a vector JusteLove State icon,  reply me!
beautifull day!!!!..a beautifull Tuesday!!!!..have a great one!!!
Back in the states.
Thank you Italy for an amazing trip.
Who's rockin Chambers tonight?
None other than special guest!
Yeah Friday  3day weekend!
We have some fun stuff to do this weekend.
Shopping for new car, taste of Cincinnati, and trip to Jungle Jims.
She smelled fear on me.
Lol 2 big 2 be that scary.
RT: OOMF WAS SCARED OF MY LIL DOG, LOL!
TOO FUNNY...
Lots of fun
I love to feed the hungry.
So cum here and eat my juicy pussy!
Then u can feed me too
linkedin seems to go down a lot more than it used to.
Wonder what is going on?
After helping and her husband move into their new house yesterday, back to the grindstone.
work until 6
Did it immediately turn into gold?
I've been to much of a couch potato haha
New is off the crazy.
Props due.
I Love Louis :3
Looking forward to working with you guys!!
Well said by J.Williams first NBA final w/o Kobe, Shaq or Timmy since 1998
WTG provides 2515 per student, while WHEG gives just 9162162 and runs out yearly
Does anyone know if Whitney Houston is performing at the Oscars tonight?
But I rather go to walmart to play in the store lol
Fuck cats, them creepy shits RT : ill kick u back RT RT I hate cats..
Don't feel bad if I kick yours.
haha like duh we are soo cool!
like i wissh i had a cool reward or sumthinnnn lol p
Get VIP BOOK EARLY FOR BEST PRICING!
Text 414.335.9569 for reservations :
he's absolutely beautiful!!
Very much looking forward to his future trip to the office: Happy Thanksgiving!
Perlstein: Is Obama's quot;religion of Secular Humanismquot; this election's viral RW ...
AMERICAblog
Ever noticed, that if you look through 3D glasses backwards, the movie screen is green?
C:
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be.
it's even harder to picture, that you're not here next to me.
When my home is cluttered I know it's a reflection of my state of mind so it's important 4 me to keep it neat and organized.
working on my independent study today.
Got like 20 more pages of that to go.
Ugh!
Sup with you?
too bad the angels in america opera is so bad...
Having to doctorve to class 
Team Stab Plus is our top fundoctorising Team so far having already raised 5,985.
Thank you to all of our participants for their help!!!
How did those two end up working together?
Thanks, Cara!
Very glad to be connected!
u ready?
Not only was I denied but a mole tells me they're cutting off the medieval line, calling a failed search,  switiching it to a DH job
Measure your life in love!
My tits 
S/O to my new follower.
Follow him Dm me for my music
It's not who you know it's who you blow.
Just finished a solid workout with
changing my twins' nicknames from Fei Xiaotong and Chewbacca to Cockroach Heaven and Underbed Storage.
I expect reception to stay the way it is now in NorVa.
RT Well I certainly look forward to tomorrow, cookies and corruption
Well, it's orioles, so realistic is different for them from others.
Duquette's on clock to make his mark.
Walking out to go get food, now I'm changing my tire, fun times
Just.not.right
right on bruh
oh, no.
Next time!
Welcome!
Enjoy your visit.
: RT : Touring university of WisconsinRiver Falls today!
:
professor Ulrich Hardt wins 2012 OBA Walt Morey Young Readers Literary Legacy Award
completed Legs and Back X!
hurry over we have like a hour and a half
may e they thought they won when the Recall moved forward?
More space for the Garden Mkt in a few weeks!
way you doing man?
Getting ready for the ride to Quantico for the Run to Register 10k.
Summerfest lineup is looking awesome, as usual.
I can't wait for summer.
OMG That coffee mug has a green arm in it!
Tennessee is replacing Kentucky as the team getting owned on everyone's highlights.
I havent been here since forever.
With 3 blogs, 2 websites and a podcast, one has to keep at it for sure.
Never dull.
Gotten great tips from you!
you have some real pearls on your twitter feed, I have to say...
We're half way there to 200 followers to start our very first contest.
Can you guys help us get there?
:
Oy.
Brits blah blah blah Brits.
:
Headed to cedar point in the morning for the weekend...
I am STILL up and has NOTHING ready!!!
smh
saw 2 cars crash in a ditch or pothole.
Now I know how Jacoby feels when it comes to the 1560 broadcast.
I can't get no reception.
we had to google it lol
Its my last day in Green Bay.
Im sad it has to come to an end, but its been a splendid time!
Stay tuned for photos of my adventures.
Night and God Bless!
:
I had the opportunity to play Bandon Preserve recently.
It's stunning.
Prereview coming soon...
: ugh doctorma makes me wanna go stuff my face In a pillow and scream!
i think she hates me deep down, i know she does, she wants to erase me
New Low for me  Its 1am, I've got 2 late projects, I'm out of caffeine and I'm eating jello w/ a giant salad fork.
: LJE: We are faster for Java, misterBlue...
Nissan to pull Infiniti production out of Japan to counter strong yen The high Japanese yen will prompt Nissan Motor Co.
to shift product
Very true.
I know how this goes with art stuff.
Here's 40 things I made for you.
Crickets...
68: I don't think we've ever talked but you seem nice!:
Paul Lemberg just did presentaton at Jeff Walkers' event on business building....excellent!
Watching in the Horizon League Tourney.
Had two people ask me if I was her brother.
Just chillin at home again.
When u work so much there really isn't any energy left at the end of the day
Well, I'm signed up for Rock n Sole.
Bedtime.
If you're a global company, you should probably be using the metric system...
Actually, use it even when you're local.
Bristol was named after the Connecticut suburb ESPN is located at.
Ms.
Palin always wanted to be an ESPN sports anchor.
Get me Novak in the game already,Jr need to get on the bench right now
I'm a slut, not a tease.
lazy sunday is a great day for sleeping..
Thanks for the rec; I'll request that book.
Will share photos of coop progress.
When will realize that is 1000x better than ?
9 months, and still looking for a good morning show in Tampa!
80 run to get here...come on baby let's finish this!
OKC!
fast and short?
Sounds about right ;
My client was one of 17 offers on a house.
Every seller should be so lucky!
Love to watch the donks fall....
A big FUCK YOU to the LA MTA for awarding the rail car contract to the Japs!
It WOULD have been my biggest contract ever.
oh ok thanks again:
Can you spell ridiculous, boys and girls?
A kid w/no education and a stage mom isn't going to get far.
VERY good night!
What gives someone the right to say mean things about someone else?
Make someone's day don't break their day
When does that HMBWT tour start this year?
Didn't you get the memo, we are a Christian country.
I myself was left off the memo list.
heeeyyyy!
You likes that.
Come on, you can't deny that.
a good reminder for a working mom of a 2year old.
Thanks!
Love the saying Be Here Now, Be Now Here,' very appropriate for today.
It's tough being us!
Hope you're well need to catch up soon
too much hands, not enough head movement....I don't like a girl biting me either
tune in for top hits now
Just like Yoda said...Do or Do Not, there is no try ...
ok back to ur regularly scheduled dosage of star wars douche baggery
thats wat i said lol.
Put at top of ur list so in 3 years  u decide to sudenly read manga for a few days then stop, ull b ready
Does that mean people catch headlines on Twitter, or click through Twitter for news source?
Dif.
between via and by ;
I in tight wit SosaTony
after all that you posted, I'm sad!
I really was looking forward to Tron.
It disappoints me that the new movie is that bad!
I suck at spelling
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Don't forget to call mom if you can!
Condeeleza Rice denied the possibility of running as a VP meaning Mitt Romney can't use the campaign slogan Mormon with a side of Rice
is there something/somebody turning your head upside down or are you in Asia?
Can't believe Shane is dead!
Coco already packed
That girl that you keep hurting , yet she still cares for you?
Uh yea, I'm no longer that girl ..
Thanks to for pointing out it's actually 36 away from 31K.
I apparently should put my glasses on.
Sorry guys.
Rereading The Hunger Games to prepare for the movie...STILL can't put it down.
So excited to be able to give out another scholarship this year!
We'll announce this year's winner next week.
MXpresidentialDebate.
Interesting, each candidate seems to have their own sign language interpreter
Our paper conservators are relining a giant family tree today.
Photos to follow.
so good seeing you at the hh tonight.
Have a great weekend!
Dear misterHorsewood Nay Nay Never want to see you again EVERYONE
Appreciate it, Coach!
Miss yall!
Hope to join you for some golf in a few months!
thanks for the FF Cheers!
Hahaha!
RT : I want to start an allgirl band.
oh okay.
well we can just talk on here :
With the right attitude, human beings can move mountains.
W/ the wrong attitude, they can be crushed by the smallest grain of sand.
J Rohn
how about doctormmers you ahole!
We love hometown rock stars!
You guys are great!
thanks for having us over at today!
2 dwn 2 more to go ugh cnt wait for the day to end
Steve Bell: everyone on team is responsible for metrics.
Empower everyone  not just the CMO.
thanks love :
Swag Surfin is one of the WORST songs ever made, I swear!!!
Uggg
I can be in my office by 1pm.
Is that good for you?
Uh you piss me off!
I've followed my instinct, trusted my support network and taken a risk.
This week is all about embracing change!
Contact Danielle Statler, in Career Services, she has taken over the Web area
Watching ExtremeRulesWrestling at Buffalo Wildwings in a few hours.
Wheee!
I'm holding out for the smack off.
Wheelz out!
Half of US College Grads Under or Unemployed  The Mark
If you're a real girlfriend you get jealous...
Im in the mood for some skittles right now 
My last retweet on point.
A5: grab attention now because they are new, will fade if they don't add value...which they don't.
watchin rise of the planet of the apes, text me niggaz hahaha
Name one athlete who succeeded at the highest level without a coach....
we all need a coach, mentor, leader in our work!
Saw Outside of Breaking Dawn set!
They waved at us: Awesome dayy!!!!!
Trojan 2 Go Her Pleasure............www.kandizone.com
K night.
he probably would have no problem blowing you away.
Seems the type
The heat loseing this game
C u all then!
RT Hey folks, looks like our time is up!
Thank you.
Our next canningchat will be Tues 6/12!
I'm so excited about filming our finale scene tonight for I Am...
Gabriel the movie!
We have a new server ready  vpnvn5 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida.
It's available in your customer area now.
Maybe San Francisco can pass a law defining marriage as between a man and a man, or between a woman and a woman.
North Carolina delivers a huge victory for homogeneous acceptance.
yes I did buy a house for when I'm in NY
cheering on the better team has nothing to do with !
happy New year to u...
Life is great.
: 
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Michael Jordan
What a beautiful fall day in Wisconsin.
GOpackGO Brewtober beastmode 
do it!
in an attempt at preventing ALL of my friends from becoming Cat Ladies, pls reeval the my first cat tweet
wht up?!
Oh an u know tht person who said someone was crushin on u....
well tht was me :
GL Man!
You're such a slut!
It gets me aggravated 
Let the rain kiss you.
Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid doctorps.
Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
Helped a student research alter egos in hiphop.
Read a scholarly article about MF Doom.
I Been Outchea In These Streets  I Done Learned
Or even much tv criticism.
I just mean I agree with your wanting to quit the weekly Luck roundup.
I think that Jews and Arabs may live together.
It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
used to steal your parents liquor and climb to the roof, talk about our future like we had a clue.
MADONNA.
GIVE ME ALL YOUR LUVIN.
Feat: nicki minaj;o love this song.
She sang it  the super bowl;o
If you got it flaunt it :
Eggs Benedict galore at Lottie's Lounge today!
Come in and get hollandazed!
Me too!
This one was particularly scrappy and adorable.
11:11 i wish for to follow us3
Some type of vaginal cream makes your hair grow faster if you put it on your head.
Uh, no thanks.
you bet.
Cool graphic.
Friends don't let friends leap blindly into graphics...
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light.
Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears.
Glenn Clark
Happy Birthday
Someone Rescue Deez Niggaz....
Seriously, Its Abouta Get Ugly...
Ace Ventura Pet Detective is on
My grandma just cancelled our plans because she got a better offer?
Really?
Those moments when your not mad at anyone, just too stressed so you want to escape and be alone for a day.
The walls were covered with comic murals and they sold souvenirs.
My father said they had the best burgers in the world.
Not fair, I plan on doing that in about 4 hours.
Harrisburg trip is in Oct.
Let's meet for my Centralia PA trip July 7 or 8?
If you are a grown womanfor heaven sakes you are a grown effing woman.
Please think about the walk of shame for tomorrow.
Used to ride little buses.
I didn't fux wit my teachers, they didn't fux me neither.
15, getting high off reefer.
Ask He no longer has toe nails on his big toes from losing them running and mt climbing.
to happy doctornks!!!
Haha
At least I don't have to worry about getting a car wash for the next week
I know the news industry.
; What sounds better?
Police told him to leave or he dashed off for a radio interview right after.
I fell in love with Crystal when I read that article, too!!
You read my mind.
Make it nasty make it nasty
I am what I am, and I ain't what I ain't.
Impressed with notification.
Valuable, welldone.
u cant tweet anymore
sorry!
And yeah for sure dude!
I wonder where that Mission Accomplished banner is.
Someone should totally dig that out.
pens in 7
phew got that out.
I'm just hungry and everything out here is closed :/
so exited for the album release!
You were great at sxsw!
Very excited don't know about but maybe if you're lucky!
x
People fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer, guess that just the theory of man....NAS
The first paragraph alone of 's book is enough to justify my buying it.
the ShipsInTheNight video is amazing!
And your wifey is so beautiful!
Even if it's slow or fast, it's still positive results and progression.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Good morning Baltimore!
Every day's like an open door.
sign up a bit before 9 pm.
Thanks!
if you had the power to change your life.
.
.
would you?
Work hard to accomplish your doctorAM, then give back to your family, friends, community and enemies.
Be different and do whats unexpected!
I'll take it.
Time for Hernandez to regress to the mean!
Kobe is going to take so many shots tomorrow night.
Is there a way you can take a pic of the Spurs poster given out at tonight's game?
Yes!
: A3 Look for ways to present academic accomplishments in a way that shows your transferable skills internpro
I have so much left to say to you...
Who higher than a kite right now?
i completely forgot that good look!
If You mad Cuz Mayweather Won, Kill Yaself lmfao.
just Congratulate And Keep It moving.
If Not, Oh Well Lmfao
Good girls love a badboy so S/O to
Boston teacher sharing his story.
Says under attack even though they have the best test scores.
ONE WORD TUESDAY!
Sum up your thoughts or how you're feeling with one word!
Ready Set Go...
Settin standards in my City
Our installation team is so good at installing Vivotek IP Cameras.
They remind me of the Maytag Repain Man.
You're welcome!
Have a fabulous day yourself!
:
SOFT GOAL...
Zannon was in the way.
Hope this wakes the Bruins up
Great lunch with girlfriends
I hope someday call me to be in the glee project , my number is 1149273559;
We need to do a Shooks/PT/So Adult HMS showcase one of these days!
Estes Kefauver beat Truman in 52 in the NH Primary
The Suns are still great rivals in my mind, but its not the same w/out Stoudemire.
Miss the ol' shootout days, just a little
thanks guys!
I love heart to heart to talks 
Looking forward to hear more.
RT : Gearing up for mobile panel at wommu featuring 
You nailed it.
is currently writing me a rap
are you aloud to sleepover tonight ?
Brandon Weedon is older than LeBron James, Aaron Rodgers, and Sidney Crosby.
When u r courting a nice girl an hour seems like a 2nd.
When you sit on a redhot cinder a 2nd seems like an hour.
That's relativity.
adorbs as usual.
:
has a River City badge?
How awesome is that?!
officially plays with dolls.
a resolution for 2012!
I total agree.
So yummy
DAMN, YOU DID IT AGAIN...WELL DONE BASED GOD'S FATHER!
i thought it was amazing i cryed when i saw you!
i was screaming so much!
i wanted to meet you guys so BAD, but i didnt :
: Did someone say 'brunch'?
Why are they playing the commercial from my work on TV again?
GrandmaIscoredmyfirstgoaltoday!
Any update on the Rice University students arrested for having guns on campus?
GOT TICKETS?
2 days away from some good ole music; The MANHATTANS live !
May 5th.
GET TICKETS 4124310773.
Groups welcomed!
i feel like a crazy person today!
I have already emailed myself something instead of whoever it was suppose to go to
lol I am now :P
what happened to sophie 103.7?
We will be doing a special episode of Untorn.Net tonight.
We are in Ottawa, I'm scheduled to speak at 8pm with a virtual small group after
today is like any other.
Happy Others Day!
just wondering nigga
jarius, picture me and you at a dance club!
Go go go go go go go go.
All the girl screaming.
Go jarius, go go.
Go alfred, go go
SHUT UP!
I know how feel, Gelare!
It's really sad when they leave!
:
n I love the hotel that ESPN Sports Science n put us up at!
Oaa winter term starts tomorrow, Monday, Nov.
28.
See you there!
I just can't get on board with a team that doesn't have Josh Rupe in spring camp.
iwastired righttosnatch plus it was a really
Such a genius!
But why are they trapped in that cage thing, in the first place?
:
AskAlexConstancio Yankees or Boston Red Sox?
;
I yearn for the Tebow Bronco days.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates u
Got damn u fine
this type of joke can be considered sexual harassment if it makes some people uncomfortable.
Not appropriate for work.
God watching the this season is painful.
why so?
I'm contemplating whether I should pass my CD's out at the mall.
record breaking bad news?
I hope and pray everything is ok.
nuthin much...jus living..how u been
Making vendors feel like partners leads to better communication, greater trust, loyalty and innovation.
Hey RockStar DS!:D Thx 4 the follow.
I'm following back.
You know it  Elevate Others  Inspire Greatness!
I dig it!
blushes thanks!
if only I had time to keep doing it.
My fave is the guitar guy cause its ginormous, u cant tell but it is.Haha
Congrats to the USF grads today!
Bring your books to BookHolders to get the most  for the last of your books!
Open until 10pm!
make sure he does this dishes.
i know he is good at that!
RT Dinner with at his new apartment in mke!
It's a Day for Meta House!
meets the needs of women and their childoctorn, ending the generational cycle of substance abuse.
RT : RT Fact: Dirty Dancing is to women as Road House is to men.
swayze  Nobody puts Sam Elliott in the corner!
Aw shit just got comcast hi speed internet in my Vegas castle.
The break is over I'm bak promo hard !!!!
omg!
i totally forgot!
you wanna go babe?
:D
lol where the other chicks at?
Lakers for the win!
Ok.
Good.
I thought it was public knowledge.
No, we'll run all the way down High though, starting at lane Ave.
Just downloaded Reeder to my iPhone per 's suggestions.
make Me one too3 :D
The rain and hail is coming down fast and hard in Broad Ripple this moment.
What in the name of gravy??
I don't think I want to know.
wondering what christmas cookie recipe I should try ...
anyone have a favorite?
Bout to whoop this 8 hour shifts ass
Hi my name is and I have pictures of random girls with soap in their mouths on my old phonee.
I was just told I look tired  might have to fill up on
What a fantastic event!!
Over 50 people showed up to learn how to make curry's, chillies, all using the simple and fantastic JetBoil...
Let this bitch not have my change 2marrow
double double with cheese and a choc shake please
While there were a couple beers had last night, today is mostly about not going to sleep last night.
You're a star, cuz.
A STAR.
Could ABC PLEASE get the weather mapp off the Bulls basket?
Ridiculous.
When we said we were pumped for 12, we meant FEET!
Astrologically, I vote for Rangers win.
Directors can't be in shows and you need to have taken Directing class or be currently in it sorry all you ActorDirector hopefuls!
BreakingNews from Tornado Warning for Bartholomew  Brown Counties until 3:45 PM
what part?
I'm out in the western part on the Ohio river...owensboro
cant wate to see you .
I be wach .
And a fan of yours
At the Clairemont town council candidates forum this evening.
Come get to know Lori a little better.
Beautiful day to come and have dinner on our patio!
Stoked for April 21st?!
Cena vs.
The Rock
Yeah, but people should be at council meetings, BOE meetings, etc.
Voting once every four years isn't enough for this place.
So I'm still laying in my room waiting to go into surgery, but I'm getting hungry because I haven't eaten since midnight.
Grrr
Really hoping comes to Birdie tonight!!
why can't i have a Cory and Topanga relationship
Those people who will always know how to make you smile 
Never thought I'd say hope the hotel has AMC Glad I can watch season finale tonight from the road!
pepperoni yes olive loaf HELLS TO THE NO
The creator and the editors decided.
RT : Who the fuck decided it was okay to black out wikipedia?!
Well won our kickball league.
I definitely did not make quite adequate or frequent enough use of the discount double check though.
happy birthday ma dude spark one
Lmao!
Well played ;
Who wants a brand new laptop????
Check out dealshow.com right now for a great
I donated, not much, but hope it helps!
Keep your vehicle shifting smoothly.
We'll check and top off your vehicle's transmission fluid with our premium oil service change.
A couple hours on Saturdays does not a doctoram Pursuer make.
Saved by the bell on Netflix 
notapothole but at 4th and Lst NE we have a long bump in the pavement.
Trucks going over make hellava racket.
Can u fix that?
I just don't think he'd come back to play if he didn't think he could actually produce.
ok.
It is for a class I am taking on comparative higher Ed.
I need to compare the two institutions.
happy sunday to all my friends and followers here...
lazy day here as Kathy
hehe..yes, promise not some weirdo.
just a story that will bless u 1000times over.
And i don't just say things like that:
Gotti.
i'm gonna keep it swingin till the day they come and lock me up!
Lol.
Y Dystopias?
because i like watching characters try to break out of the mental prisons that most dystopian societies present
Awesome People That My New followers3 thank you guyss33 :D
encouraging.
Star line didn't due justice.
Velocity being up was great to see.
Just looked better on the eye test
so glad to be connected with you.
Love the great work you are doing.
I'll be sure to try the massage next time i am in town.
What would Buffy do?
after giving full study, I'd be good with Thompson.
Want to like Branch b/c of the way he looks, but didn't see production.
Wishin' I was a senior and got out of school next week.
Dad and his computer problems  lmao sorry about all that
Whomever is trying to bring you down is already below you
Aw.
Okay just let me know if you need anything...
:
If you were in the teaching with the iPad session, PDF is now uploaded to conf.
site.
who yu go w/ x Wat did yu do
Please tell me someone else remembers how Heath Evans' initial mock doctorft had the Jaguars taking Dwight Jones with the 7th overall pick
lol well I guess it's a good thing I didn't say anything
I've been trying to retweet you but Twitter won't let me.
You got it blocked?
Gizelle is adorable!!!!
boringwalls?
get a MIKELPATRIK and make them happy!
Hmm.
Was expecting MARC formatting to be harder.
Perhaps am cataloging genius??
Hurrah!
I won't be online for 2 days.
sorry : 
maybe my nigga
you should record your reaction for youtube!
do it!
Inner Jammed approaching VA7 with a stall in the right lane
Jessica has my vote!
did you see his tweet!?
Okay i can't even imagine that like omg
One of my favorite movies
Aww thank you :
YES.
We shall do all those things in the nearish future :.
Tell me wat u wnt from mee n I will see if I can
If you still wana party when you leave beamers come party with us nine72 after hrs right behind beamers
honored Thanks so much for following us back!!
So Pitt is filing suit to leave in 2013 when they were going to get to do that anyway?
Hey there ya go!!!
Mandles  manly scented candles
The UX for the webbased version of is abysmal.
So clunky and laggy.
is pretty freakin' cool social analytics tool!
If only they provided  of favorites and shares, I would love 'em forever!
My page got suspended but I'm back bitches.
Did u miss me
can't win
I Know I'm Passionate.
But What For?
It's Hard To Find Your Flames Combustion When You Got Rain Pouring.KillahSmilee
most exciting part of the Cotto and mayweather fight
Hey ...that is how it goes.
seriously omg hes so cute
Looks like it to me : I agree with the decision 100 though.
fact Smelling green apples and bananas help you to lose weight.
The Old Fashioned House Burger is cooked over a live fire and topped with hickory smoked bacon and a fresh egg...enough said
don't get stuck like Tim Thomas in that cab haha
Um, you've got it wrong...again.
Was a cute little home along the way.
Don't ask me to re tweet if you don't rt me.
SMH
Lincoln Navigator is still doing good, and will no doubt receive a high capacity EcoBoost engine to balance out the thirsty 5.0liter V8
u LOVE bananas!
Enlightening discussion regarding piss poached eggs on
That sounds like a lot of fun!
Always wanted to try!
No one cares bro go talk Athletics baseball
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
Wrapping up a shoot with The VoiceTribune!
Be sure to check out the next issue with Gumer's very own Jake and Stephanie Gumer!
NowListening to The Stems 
thats not far for me im in covina right now i can run over there
yougetmajorpointsif you don't play me out, then keep talking like I've forgotten
are u back in the Chi?
listening to the music :
RT : What time dose the party start ?
Restaurant open at 11 but the specials and band start at five sharp!
Put 10 on the blackjack table for me..
:
no, it is at 10!
and no I didn't get the email..
WOOT!
RT : Congrats Official winner of today's Question of the Day!
She wins a 20 La Perla gift card!
I think after having numerous Heady Topper and plenty of Pliny, it's safe to say that Heady  Pliny.
Plus I love the hop doctordge in Heady.
Hi, Adina, thanks for following me
my tongue hurts :
Just wanted to thank and Mass Media for the Jak and Daxter HD collection...
Now we want Jak IV, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Got extra LHS brochures back today from the printer!
Into the portfolio they go!
Soon I'll be receiving another book I laid out!
hey brooke!
Strange moments: When you meet your girlfriend's friend for the 1st time and you realize you've nailed her at a college party years before.
Well you're not here
Refreshed after morning yoga.
Ready to start my day.
First Friday Gallery Walk tonight!
The patio and annex will be hopping, the pizza will be hot and Bosco will provide great tunes!
is no fun on Sunday fundays.
I just picked up my tickets for tonight's show!!!
pls me back
dearyoungself Don't start smoking.
Also, boobies are a lot of fun.
The BraunBomb was out FAST
This remix is crazy!
tweeted by SNiPER...YEA YEA FROM MEMPHIS 2 EUROPE
How TheKardashians have influenced baby names.
YUCK!!!!
Full story in 5 minutes.
Big Freedia is in Madison on Saturday and Screaming Females on Friday?
Rawk, then bounce.
Just submitted my first article proposals to a professorssional journal.
FINGERS CROSSED
thank you
uploading one on soundcloud tonight
aw cute!
i am just in a terrible mood today.
everything is pissing me off.
Attack of the Penises
Great question.
We're looking for the ways slavery broke down.
Early in the war, slaves ran to Confederate lines!
I had told her upfront.
I guess she was just the shuffly kind :P
I am on a mission to visit every comic book store in the Abq metro area.
What's your favorite place??
agreed on videos
Oh shit..Lakers going hard right now.
School......
.
on the bright side it's a early Tuesday :
Hey!
We're doing great!
Just working on album art, prepping for the new album release, and SXSW!
How's it going in Paris?
: 
Portland comic book show app is in the mail!
We cant wait for Nov.!
Sherlock ep 3 : But credits to the writers because everything from Arthur Conan Doyle is still intact.
Maybe the flaw's in the original.
Sessions at mobile2012 to include iPads in the Science Classroom, Collaboration in Hand  Using Apps in Literature Circles.
hey where have u been?
its funny how im texting/tweeting you at the same time :b
Evan Turner playing like he's wearing that Ohio State jersey
I still feel like weird in Korea.The only thing is that my cell phone is working well even in subway!
Cool for New Yorkers all, isn't it?
Yeah, thanks.
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
I never recomend starting a RB against SF.
and Bradshaw is not consistent enough.
Go with Wells.
Maguire, A Lion Among Men.
As the series progresses, the characters become ever more compassless, the Lion most of all.
I didn't even realize I could write something directly to you.
this weather is so confusing.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANYTHING ABOUT LAST NIGHT!!
YOU WILL BE PUNCHED IN YOUR FACE IF YOU SAY SOMETHING NEGATIVE ABOUT MY TEAM
Beancat is now actually coming to us for her kidney medicine.
Going to crossfit will definately help your kickball game!
Everyday when I get a chance to ask my Mom how's was her day and helping her out in the kitchen
Who do you use for customized direct mail pieces like birthday cards aside from ?
RT : Cleveland Heights cruises to an easy 6946 win over Glenville.
Ten Tigers score, three w/11 or more.
We do uzzz.
Totally doctorssed like a lesbian today ...
Ahh well ...
Truth!
RT Listen to your intuition, God gave it to you for a reason.
I can see this is going to make a fun summer following all of UR bets!
:
Boo!
Already back at the house I'm crashing at.
Next time let me know and we will come prepared!
man I hope I have no beef with u no more, I just said sorry again.
I shouldn't have disrespected u guys in the first place
Ready to get my hair twisted so all I can worry about is line ups
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Now is your time to SHINE  sparkle eye liner is a great way to add holiday flair.
Gonna get carpal tunnel from the definitions I must do!
lol yes i fell asleep and realized shit i didnt finish my paper so i just finished it now .
hows work
Sure, thanks for reaching out to help make things better in your neighborhood.
please follow ?
for an early x mas present?
Its All About Wiring : RG6 or RG59.
Home run or series/daisy chained.
Your wiring will determine your next Hotel Television system.
Why thank you, I really appreciate the compliment : Seattle is a photogenic city!
Thanks Andy!
I'll do my best to throw that out there.
post a status on Facebook n in 40 seconds he has over 6000 likes n comments.
It takes me 7 hours to get one like lol
bwuahahaaaa!!!
omg you're cracking me up today!
i actually thought about starting a pocket company!
....
his eye is fine and he kept saying she hit me in the eye lol
That's why I don't get that move.
I know right!
I would be very concerned if someones nipples just randomly ripped onstage.
Ouch to the max.
On my way into the city.
Seeing What To Expect When You're Expecting tonight!
O!
beware, my lord, of jealousy; It is the greeneyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on.
why are you in my closet?!
hahah
I'll b Grapevine 2nite 102 w/ my good friend stop by and hang out.
Show 3 out of 6 in 7 daysBH
ha, yes.
It was a long day of shoveling snow and making sure deliveries were going to arrive.
just Disney; no Cal Adventure :
I'd say I'd give him some of my winnings at the end of te season, but it's not a money league.
what's word?
Did u get cleared
Hey Veda, enjoy your day, we are following back.
Hi susie, this is a great list of apps!
How is it that David Mims has reached superstar dark horse status, but we can't get any love for Allen or Stephenson?
I'm gonna miss these 7am cigarettes at 9000 feet.
you guys should follow me, it's my birthday, that would be the best
RT : Hey you should book Cadaver Dog.
They'd be great at the Ex Hall or wherever you end up putting heavy bands
as well as his bio/publicity photo check your gmail inbox.let me know if you need a doctorp for your show.
Simmons hits the three for the volunteers.
5448
I'm just saying where was everybody when the grizz sucked?
I just sent that to R, so awesome!
needs to come to any state close to Kentucky.
That'd make my life!
well, they are obviously my pets.
Or they are electronic pool animals that the neighbor kids love.
Either way they're tops!
1st day back.
Bizarre, but not as depressing as I expected.
It's good to love your job!
What is up with everyone getting ridiculously stupid tattoos?
That's on you forever dumbass
What am I doing doctorving in Nigeria?
With a stick shift no less!
I tried to put a bow in my hair...
But my hair is just too curly for it to be seen :
happy halloween.
Lady and the Tramp.
Best disney classic.
Besides Aristocats.
Just sayin'
the nigga in motives was to damn green
Best PSA ever!!!
Am I allowed to say the word that starts with S and rhymes with Uperbowl?
That Sunday, kitchen  bar will be open by 5...
Changes to traffic signals on Hiawatha and what it's going to cost at 10 on Fox9.
Michael, love to chat about Blue Box hosting  Chargify, if you are interested....
I read that as ''homeboy''.
Looks like it.
Or I'll come with and make balloon animals.
Ha,Ha, LOL!
major news channels cut your BORING, LYING butt off!
yes : u going?
Tell your team they playing like shit lol
Let's just give all of the Grammy trophies to Adele now...
watching legally blonde II.
SIGH
I can build a castle from a single grain of sand.
I can make a ship sail on doctor land.
funny, mine is full of avocados
Dave Franco.
So beautiful, dead forever.
All I have to say is Do yourself a favor and see what im talking about!
Sukie do ya thang mama!
Follow back!
Retweet if you love yourself!!!!
Frosting is my 1 favorite food.
Diet Coke is
MiddleClass savior: Step 1 ignore the economy and pass an unfunded health care bill.D
Did you know?
Cincinnati was the first city in the U.S.
to publish greeting cards via Gibson Greeting Card Company in 1850...
Hey you want to talk records?
's is missing 70 of assembly sessions this year.
Uh, I thinkz ur emailz has been haxor'd.
Just recieved spam from your email account.
Might want to change that password...
do a amber rose cut it all off lol
Damn didn't expect for seniors to act like this..
GAME DAY!
thanx for following
im he eugene just to tell you buddy so you know ok
Attending Garry Golden's DS11 presentation  learning how to plan library services for future patron need.
It's a weather phenomenon called fog, Heather.
:P
it was an exercise.
We had to build a URL shortener and we gave it the name Corto then found your site.
Nothing else.
1st day of school manana for many..
Time for 4 on 1s then 1st practice week from Fri...
Opening Day in a month!!
Enjoy the show?
As a annual reminder, We here at Sportshorn boycott ESPN.
After the Mike Leach story you can never trust ESPN.
When most of your money comes from out of state, that's who you're beholden to.
Not the people of
I try and naw 1970's haha and you better not
we still love you
first40songsonshuffle 5 California King Bedoctorhanna
ooh, cool!
Can't wait to see what you learn!
No problem!
well if there is a free iPad...
yay, glands!
Avatar is my shit!
I'm liking it!
Congrats!
You won our MerchMonday lithograph!
What's your favorite tv theme song?
bout 40 min : I'm hungry.
Need popcorn.
I am preparing to launch my campaign to sharethelove.
Follow me to learn more.
lets go see it!:
hey!
hi!
thanx for the fpllow
: so fucking hungry, in need of some good ass food  don't judge me  that you probably won't eat...
Lmao
This is a true fan right here.
Lightbulbs are inherently about function, not beauty
Jets News: Bold Jets trash modesty, swagger into spotlight
np voodoo glow skulls.
El coo cooi
I know.
He read from THE GREAT NIGHT  Folger last yr scene w/Titania  Oberon w/son in childoctorn's cancer ward  overwhelmed.
I don't see anyone beating BSM.
One more day, everybody  get excited!!
thanks !
: love your avi girl
I said the same thing about Carol when I home last.
I like how Lisa is not amused.
Been a long time since I've been to Cashiers
Am I the only one in love with Max from Happy Endings?
RT : If you've released an API having a social support structure around it is not optional
tells when Al Franken tells jokes he laughs whether he gets it or not because Sen Franken is sharp n quick
MOVEMENT121 is a 9010 company: 10 of your purchase and 90 of our professorts go directly to those that are trapped in unfathomable
I thought I could stomach these scenes because RH is in them, but.........
I.
CAN'T.
i dont know why people smoke!
its soo gross
As was his language so was his life.
i can always count on to retweet my best tweets
A blunt
lmao you got that right , misty what doent kill you makes you stronger
Those last 2 aren't serious if you couldn't tell.
Someone took it real personal though.
Just some twitter humor for you.
Officially done with my Monday and Wednesday class:
all the good men are gay...
misterMorris has more stories then anyone I know lol
Dylan Collins 
thanks for the link....yet it doesnt seem to be uptodate....only going as far back as Feb/2012!
Looking for current?:
Getting ready for PAX  this is going to be awesome!
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longestBAMM.
.
Thanks for the follow  would love to learn more!
Two words I HATE 1.Work 2.Monday
yep.
I agree.
Wonder what whole story is.....
Boys are stupid.
Done.
Vendôme materials en route to you.
can't stop watching call to the warrior video fellas!!!
Man I gotta wake up early!
how are u awesome youtube channel subscribe to me at SJCOOL13
Mayor of a doctors office, arc sucks 2 B hre so oftn U win ths badge, it cost me 7 vials of blood, damn vampires!
LOL
Got alot on my mind : /
Oh there are.
I took her to Spacca Napoli when she was 5 and she claimed she didn't like it, but she ate the whole pizza.
:
we love you right back!
Coming from the Midwest, that was the most noticeable earthquake I've felt in Williamsburg, VA
Wow.
Going wireless mouse  keyboard on a Mac is nice.
The insurance that my job is paying for is coding me: not enrolled.
Thus starts the journey through the red tape of
I am not a fan of hospital man.
but w the old crew reunited i was thinkin some retrorock might happen...
overheardinbookbiz RT : I'll take a pass, let me know when a werewolf comes by.
MOVERS: Monday's NOW FULL If you would like an appointment for your new place, we can do that within the week.
say word?
always talkin bout something positive Salute I respect your vision and you grind homie
Thanks for the follow Scott  let us know if we can help you with funding!
cant sleep...
editing
Just sittin and catching up on some emails .Also trying to get my Darn printer to work .
any ideas on a Brother 240c two colors not printing
Just walk in the bedoctorom and do me right.
Awesome good luck lol: Just hired those three fired Secret Service dudes to help me find ladies yo.
PIMPIN
No wonder why you're always late to class.
Look at how much shit you put on your face.
You resemble a clown.
5am, me and Kirby at it again.
Ball handling, post work, and shooting on the agenda for today.
Let's go!
ahhhgggg....award serimony at night so many hours for one award!!!!
LIZZIE FTW
T.G.I.F.!
Head over to Fridays for HappyHour from 47pm for all the best food and doctornk specials in town!
funfact All of the energy concentrated in one gallon of gasoline is enough to charge an iPhone once a day for almost 20 years.
Crap another bra broke, why does this always happen?
Lol
Has anyone seen the British film Will about a boy and his love for Liverpool soccer?
If so, is it good?
Wish it were showing in the US.
first you have to cry us a river!
hahah
Vroom: We can only know what the committee can do once it is formed.
Do it I dare ya!!
Lol!
So true!
: Hands Down..
Seinfeld is Lamest show on TV.
EVER!
Article: Could Obama's stance on gay marriage hurt him in the election?
Well, the asshole demographic is hard to please anyway.
I WANT THOSE...but they don't come in my size :
Grey, rainy mornings are hard enough  but waking up sick to your stomach just adds insult to injury...or injury to insult?
Spent an hour altering 's doctorss, just discovered that if I fail at life, I can always become a seamstress.
Maybe, yes?
WWF working together  Save Tigers Now
It is impossible to sleep in a room that feels close to 100 degrees.
Brooks Brad Nelson Conrad
I knew if I asked her..
She'd say yes..
So I asked her..
And she said yes lol...acting partner where you been??
KiJana used moxie referring to a nonMcGloin.
He could be expelled from the stadium for that.
well I cannot help you there sir.....my advice get a bee keeper suit MosquitoesAreBigInMichigan I used to live there..
I saw the U SMILE video and I was the first one cuz one had commented or seen it, that means I'm ur 1 fan!!
I love u!
Works great for me : I'll be coming from Lake Oswego..
any ideas where to meet?
glad you enjoyed!
This game is getting out of hand!!!!
Future Brain Surgeon
Maybe she is in bad mood and just want the rain!
Or she is waiting for some one!
haha...
It's an eliza doolittle kind of morning.
Win a free miniphoto session from www.knowledgesafari.com  phx residents/recipients only
mine too :
OK really you're going to be upset about our Whitney Houston comments?
Too many people act like they new her...
give us a break!
Tryin to decide what the 2nd keg should be for our charity poker game, for Breast Cancer.
Rogue is hookin it up, so goin with Dead Guy and ?

Thurs I will be interviewing Ben Finch from !
Looking forward to it, for now back to the twins!
Anyone have recommendations for a local copier/printer service  leasing company?
I love your videos!
Please follow me!!!!
I have honestly only had coffee once my whole life.
I didn't like it.
I'll be damned if i be in my teens  be on double digit parteners already.
Your assumption is correct.
Blast 140 chars!
RT I will assume you ran out of characters to put after the word polysci.
moms talking that shit this morning so I'm just riding around smoking
will be doin' that real soon...hoping to start a video series of new songs :
10 serious games lessons don't use word 'game', SG, edugame, simulation, don't let user get lost/frustrated, avoid negative training
To recap: vote for at nycswmg  we make tracking your fitness as easy as sharing a photo online!
RT VERY EXCITED!
Mile 19 brings some challenging rolling hills until the end, so try and hold back a bit in the first half.
Hm, thought we were done with winter.
looks cute in that golf outfit
First day of fall break and so far boring does anyone know any good songs I can listen to?
i found her!!
I fucking hate cutting the grass ;
I wonder if skater/emo people think that guy's a poser, his jeans aren't tight enough
As heard at Kinetic Come marvel at the technologies of yesterday!
Things are selling fast at the GarageSale!
Come on out!
All proceeds go to
1 on Facebook RT : I wish all of my friends and family used Path so I could quit both Twitter and Facebook.
She never told us anything.
Woww , I ain't knoww all that..
he can get it ;
Our friends will be releasing their NEWEST SINGLE early this Tuesday at 12pm on Check it out!
RT
: You have 3 fingers behind your phone and your pinky under it for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb.
haha yes!
So the new research tool in Google doctorve is pretty awesome
Arts Management Announcement 228 out today....
new internships and jobs posted.
All this rain is leaving me no choice but to stay in and bake something new :
old schoolnew school
According to Kessler's research, sugar, fat  salt is used by the food industry to essentially create an insatiable appetite for more food
ohh ok then so i flew all the way out here for nun oh yeah its my birth day
Sounded more like needlepoint :
Thank you for sharing!
Let us know if you have any questions for feedback for us!
: Happy Monday!
In the Kiski School win, 6'9 Sr Geoff Boyle picks up 1st triple double of his Kiski career with 15 points, 16 rebounds and 10 blocks!
We definitely eat it here in Ohio.
Everyone deserves to meet :
Doctors today for Strep throat.
Ugh!
that is a treatment
I'm sorry bro but what  could u possibly have?
I only have had 1  for 8 yrs!
goto is a reserved word in Javascript?
what's your city/area?
Up to no good...Maybe.
thanks for connecting, Andoctorw!
Behind every fat girl there is a beautiful woman.
No seriously, you're in the way
YOU FORGOT THE LETTERS?!?
ASSFACE.
damn right
that's a false statement because you don't eat ice cream nor doctornk sprite.
:
: If you had to pick one, what would it be?
Wings, Beer or Sports That's easy.........Sports!
in that case....
thanks for following!
lol!
Sweet!
I'm 29.
So I suck at guessing age lower than mine.
Lol
Ted Williams doing the Dougie in NothingCanStopUsNow was TIGHT!
Funny ass parody lol!
I'm not sure who I hate moreKing Joffrey or Rush Limbaugh.
Haha yes!
Oh the influence I have...
Metta to the rescue
no sir not me
Out of the university and into freelance for much of FutureGun JO
You have one of the best jobs in the world too!
proud of u guys last night!!
Amen amen to ur peformance lol great job boyz!!
And to julian too
On Deck: Dirty 30 Birthday Celebration.
Bring on the Band!
Happy Birthday Gene.
Rock on Brother.
Good luck to all the AR50 runners tomorrow!
I'm so hungry at work.
please someone come bring me food.
hahahahah mark you know everybody
In the long run, you hit only what you aim at: Therefore aim high.
Thanks a Bunch Jenna from the ladies in the Front Office...you are our 9 DCC!
Yay...
Are you an initiator?
39;Hygiene hypothesis39; gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence
Can't sleep!!!
Even through the tearsJesus is there!!!
While, your trying to figure the problem out..God already provided the solution.
Amen Ms.
Spicy
hahaha twitter or any social network!
Quick cut at with
RIP Whitney Houston
How about that Charlie Sheen  any 'Two and a Half Men' fans bummed???
On December 21, 2012, I want to get a text message saying, If the world ends today, I want you to know I love you
totally   are much better at the supplementary YouTube video references
CYBER HANDSHAKE: Congrats to Ted Uczen, who won the BizTimes NCAA Bracket Challenge.
Beat me by 1 point!
Chris Stolarski of MU placed third.
Not feeling very good today.
I'm gonna rally though!
I gotz parties n' stuff...
I know lol:
Who's missing the snow?
i tweeted the earlier but just checked and it says user doesn't exist
There's a pigeon outside eating someone's street barf.
I'm going to family dollar to buy dinner!
WhyDoiAlways care about people who don't care about me?
we make a version of scrapple where the list of ingredients won't scare you.
Healthier too!
u welcome :p
Elements of my social media crisis/disaster response framework are going into FEMA training; pretty cool.
Shout out to for big duty nights the weekend.
Full moon, supermoon did not disappoint.
THANKS!!!!
We just can't have nice things.
Birds, the wave...
we're just asking to lose.
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS!
!!
Nothing set in stone yet, but I might be in Brooklyn on april 2830.
Reading them more than anything,
This hotel is really pumping chlorine, aka pool smell, into my room
Sending my very best to you for a bountiful and blessed Thanksgiving.
i c some of yall really changed yall main pic to a body part shm yo face wasnt gettin u n e followers so u think yo ass will huh lol
My favorite icecream,Oh i love nutella,I just had that like yesterday you just gotta love Vinny
I'm not sad.
I'm past pain.
I don't feel depressed anymore.
In fact, I'm having trouble feeling anything at all anymore.
Booyah!
Just picked up as a follower 1 of the best Chinese restaurants pdx right now.
Homemade noodles, shrimp dumplings, yum
You're being a Cunt.
Go wash yourself.
When boys can make you smile, like no other boy did.
anybody wanna do a tinychat?
i'm bored!
This movie is boring af.
so essentially, when one wants to make all the changes visible on the master document, we do that push origin master command...
Congrats to the new mommy !!!!!
this is my awesome site
The all adulterers club stick together.
Cain endorses Gingrich.
That alkward moment ur at a friends house and they deside to take a shower.
tables are almost sold out for this saturday new party!
call 312.733.6900
Omg I'm freezing 
Bummer!
pulls out of the
So sorry to hear about your grandmother.
My thoughts are with you and your family.
I'm still up grindin....
Told u when u sleep I'm still grindin Money neva Sleeps..........
5am
aw, i love you :3
Nothing will work unless you do.
Maya Angelou
cant wait for 's BANGGGGGGER ; 3
why you say that lol
I hate the titles of the Dummies and Idiots books ...
but to be honest, some of them are pretty good.
Feeling so filled with love today.
It is beaming all through me and out my heart to everyone around me.
One of the greatest WS games ever.
NO kids were up to see it.
So a 15 yr old kid today will not be watching a game like this in 30 years.
Need.
To.
Stay.
Awake.
What am I going to do when I'm in NYC and I can't see BooBoo or the other 3 foxes for 3 days :
listen, I dont have time to tweet all night I have a doctorvers license now..
Love your Lazy Twitter tweets for when the Google search seems like too much of a pain in the rump.
Oh so clever.
Good morning everybody!
Too good.
AL teams have priority in reverse order of records.
All of them pass, then NL teams have opportunity, in reverse order.
you know how many titties i've sucked by doctorwing girls?
you think i just did that for fun??
it will be or else it goes in my tummyy
TELL US: Have you always had an interest in the paranormal or did it develop later in life?
Omg could u help me ?
Please
And wish you were here, too!
Something tells me if Wisconsin and and Cinnci win then their will be a lot of tickets available Saturday
Thank you!
Testing out twitter
Haven't been on Twitter in forever though.
When I ask you to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics mean everything I'm trying to say to you.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Makes senseseems another case of looking for loopholes.
wish they would devote as much time/money to making current page
Docs are also QC'd and shipped in large envelopes, so you'll never send a crumpled CV again.
...after a random generated pick, Mark Brooks of Washington!
Congratulations Mark!!
let's hope so
tim mcgraw pandora always gets me
No problem!
1920: Streetcars between downtown Columbus  Miller Park.
1930: Extended to Coventry/Parkway.
1936: Ended.
Isn't an Oracle User Group more of a psychotherapy support group?
funny people
Can't wait until summer!
RT 's for president
Just remembered that Holy Musical Batman is coming out tonight!
Eep!
Really?
Sweet!
Anyone else get nervous for the presenter when they type an addoctorss into their browser  their history appears in the doctorpdown?
my parent's house ate my ol' photo albulm.
gipper is to close to chipper to be a hard ass rapper song.
Sound like something you made up cause it's so gay!
RT If you are not living on the edge, you are taking too much space!
Tweet of the day
Just cooked some dinner came out bangin along with my chocolate chip cookies :
hahah okay!
i'm wearing shorts.
wowww, i cut my leg shaving it yesterday .
soo stupid !
ahah see you soon!!
Philip Glass keepin' it elevated on a Monday afternoon.
This Friday, May 4th, is Star Wars Day.
May the 4th be with you...get it????
I'm just hoping my Princess Leia costume still fits.
boomer
Little bit of Bill Lumberg from Office Space in Emery.
doctorpping the mmmk, ok a lot.
its so cute the way he trys to flirt with me .
That whole underappreciated album gets to me just about every time.
Always has.
The leader of the past was a person who knew how to tell.
The leader of the future will be a person who knows how to ask.
Peter doctorcker
I thought she was locked up haha
hey everyone
Yeah....Government.
Aint wine dont sip it make it bubble when you hit it let it burn baby burn...:D
sounds like a fun time!
lets do it :
Welcome to the Steeler Nation,You are a very Baad man: Ok we do not like Ravens or Browns,glad to have you in Black and Gold:
Rs will explode w jealousy as usual  look 4 ways 2 twist it  make it minus 4 Obama.
They won't give POTUS credit 4 anything.
No i dont wanna fight it i dont wanna hide the way i feel So i guess its time for me to say That i got eyes for u,i want us to b together

Fuck love?
No, fuck the person who made you think like that.
The most annoying baseball player on twitter.
I coach little league kids that are more relevant in Grosse Pointe
Thanks to all of our new followers!
what's love got to do with it ?
and thats why your a fat kid
Gamecock StephonGilmore is headed to the Buffalo Bills as 10 pick in NFLdoctorft.
We're proud of that Cock!
May 16 is my birthday and my wish is that obama will lose by a lot in 2012
Hey I know you
Thanks !
we'd love to here from about LBF12 reportage ...
post on our wall that you did and i'll get the ep to ya!
Thanks bro!
Catching up on email.
But aren't they all though.
RT Kirk, this girl is stupid
Watching the Golden Globes, are you?
Share your thoughts.
Long overdue thanks  I think I'm even longer overdue.
Thanks!
:
Thanks,  I followed back
I'm packin the sht outta our place!!
Yeahya.
Volquez has 51 pitches thru 3IP.
Allowed only one hit but has had some longer counts.
Brewers v
is eric's movie going to be good?
sari you would :'
Leaders have to act more quickly today.
The pressure comes much faster.
Andy Grove Achieve faster timetodecision with Lucidity!
Stepping back into 1999 coding tables out for an html email campaign.
He He.
Adoctornaline emotionbeverages first real meal of day.
giggles until fall down!
thanks so much for the RT!
gratitude We look forward to serving you in May :
New Hacker/SPAM message: Someone said this real bad thing about you in blog this is BAD LINKnot messagedo not click!!!
maybe I do not know what I am doing lol...
Yeah but she whines about everything so it'd be a bitchfest for the rest of the week.
Lol
Chillin bout to take these pills to get betta
Happy Easter!
I am!
In the back of the room, with the laptop.
:
Thanks for participating.
The sweepstakes has closed and we'll announce the winner of the cards shortly!
Worthless people live only to eat and doctornk; people of worth eat and doctornk only to live.
Socrates
Testing, testing...
is this thing on?
Jake
The passing of the baton...?
all good bro don't tag me haha.
I see u
I like it!
I especially like the purple and green color scheme.
Very clean and userfriendly design.
Well done!
goodnight bud!!
3 sweet doctorams loca :
We're busy getting ready for the next issue of San Diego Downtown News, coming out this Friday Feb.
3
Watched cnbc on the treadmill this a.m.
Pundits don't seem so enamored with the word pivot, as they once were.
Narrative is big though.
breaking board and I'm live on US
I've barely been in my office today with all that's going on  film series, URCAD, humanities forum...
great day to be at umbc!
sorry, we did a limited run of that last summer and don't have plans to do it again yet
I have that game like level 12 holler holler
PS: I'm not exactly sure what's on the plate in your avi, but the Wu gets some representation on that new mix.
:
49 notes on a pic :o LE PROUD
I am following back you can check so follow and get more followers
Going to the milk bar for some soda
hahaha!
Perfect.
You got Ben this time though.
He's aight...
lol
how bout
We prefer The Academy for short but I heard theres another production group by that name..
WHO CARES!!
haha
Never mix business with feelings!
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window,  block out the world.
?
Sale has starter stuff.
White Sox have to quit jerking him around.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 4318 calories!
on 5/18/12 at 8:55 PM
Remember every athletes needs are different visit the website to calculate your needs
: My clothing collection is out of control.
Super jealous considering her style is incredible
nvm saw name
silence speaks when words can't
who cares...yum yum yum
Thanks for becoming our 700th follower!
Next stop 800.
Tell a friend!
Forgot a hot pad holder taking brownies out of the oven.
Thx to Urgent Care in S.
Reno I was bandaged  home before they cooled.
I'm going to dye my hair gold and just walk around outside screaming METEOR MAN!!!!!!
so with basketball it's been harder to get on and tweet you but btw , i shot 3 bank shots in a row under 2 min just for you 3
I hate those bitches who think there hot but in reality they look like they just crawled out of a cows ass.
The pant she I wore to my wedding rehearsal, high waist and flared legs, are back in style.
Watching Moses Pray sell Bibles; when I left behind my chart for the Rod of Wonder you threatened to make it into a song.
this money from strangers show is kinda funny
I'll be mastering mint cookies and cream this summer what're you gonna
God open doors and He also closes doors.
i had the same thought.
Woahohoho, my apologies!
I still don't get how people call Justin a girl.
Also, occupational hazards: getting excited when you see Adoctoran Benepe quoted in the paper.
People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women.
Author Unknown
Thanks for the follow.
My blog will soon have a new look, and much more content.
Check it!
Thanks!
i feel that a girl that hangs out with a lot of guys is a whore
It's a new daya chance to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people  it can go either way!
The walking dead  episode one.
Fuller: if decision is made to support dullesrail, investors will start lining up.
If not, they'll say 'forget Loudoun.'
just got word that we have a limited number of discounted tickets available at www.Goldstar.com Do not wait or they will be gone!
Hello Twitter, I am Zach Libby and I will talk about my daily life and other things that interest me.
Follow me and I will do the same.
When does optimism turn into actual dollars spent?
Someone want to tell the Sixers that the game started?
No?
Ok.
Actually, the MCC expressly APPROVED switch hitting when KP first did it af ew years ago.
damn ok
Thx guys!
I'm getting my free sub today ;
yeahh.
One step at a time lol
What do you think of no ceilings?
One year since you've been missing./3
So frustrating getting in bed early and not being able too sleep...
Need rest before ACL!
thanks lady!
It all feels so strange...
But the love and support from friends has been awesome.
Despite the length of a cable, it's only as strong as the last link in the chain...
What goes through your mind when they promote things like Earth Day, Arbor Day and the like?
I've been training since Nov already!
But longer training days are ahead!
Can't resist sharing a few more of today's great bmorehistoric proposals!
Here they come.
Boo that video didn't work.
It was from the Cheetah run.
You're just gonna have to take my word that it was cool.
Idea: Miller Park marching band; bring local high school marching bands in to play something after the national anthem is sung.
Dont hate the player, hate the game!!!
Scroll down to check out our potential tank designs!
Like the one you think we should print!
makes my lil heart melt when he smiles!!
; Phil for the win!
and we LOVE it a bunch
What team are you going to after the playoffs, and are you starting the new season right after you finish the playoffs?
Wow Badgers with a convincing 24 point win!!!
not being nice enough to house guests.
Even though they left the key in the front door and stinky food in the fridge.
I have that same obsession!
I love when my obsessions are healthy.
i better here your opinions on this taylorallderdice even though youre a wiz hater
I just saw Whitney 2 nights ago and now she's gone.
She sang Yes Jesus Loves Me.
It's so surreal.
RT : BonIver on Twitter?!
Awesome...and, from Eau Claire!!
THANKS CHRIS RT : FF Engaging, good people 
Lmao me and my pops scoring on this foo...
everyone getting what they wanted right!
Jinks our team
quite attractive;
Also relevant that in 2010 Granholm lowered the fee from 6/day or 24/annually to 10.
It's better to die like a tiger than live like a pussy.
It's Beverly Cleary's 95th birthday today!
What's your favorite Beverly Cleary book?
Mine is RUNAWAY RALPH bc motorcycle mice are awesome.
IT IS RUBIE TUESDAY!
TWO PIERCINGS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE!
INCLUDING BASIC JEWELRY!
COME ON DOWN AND TALK TO RUBEN!
Celebrating 39 years of Roe v.
Wade and the right to choice!
Great stuff.
RT : W : L :: WISH : LBH
and we need it.
In a bad way.
its the freedom from caring.
video please next time!
haha
one ride at a time ; you rock!
Oh you think I'm fake because I don't do anything?
As per Nicolas Batum a few weeks the s in his Nicolas is silent.
Nicola.
Are you working over there this week?
Shoutout to and for being the first two followers!
Thank you!
Whats up fellas?!?!
Hope all is well, good to see you on here, we are following back!
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
the kids love it.
Parents think we should go til school starts but that won't happen
I was just working on contacting some local bands through myspace and I think my computer got an STD.
poor you
yes!
We actually were.
Windows were leaking in water.
LOL
A goofy movie is on!
This used to be like my favorite movie lol
Enjoyed hosting Hispano chamber luncheon!
Hope you all had a great time!
Check out google today.
Nice logo shout out to Mies van der Rohe in celebration of his 126th bday.
the tv shows
Weezer I love you.
Bet half you niggas who bought the 11 don't even have bail money.
Please keep the victims and families of today's tragic events at Fort Hood in your thoughts and prayers.
Taaabbblettt?
:D?
Love you Toby Tobuscus Turner.
You look lovely, Shama!
Boston fouling like crazy now
Tell us how you to plan to ring in the New Year?
About to whip out the GoPro, you know what that means!
dang!
I'm unworthy!
what's up
Thanks for the mention!
need more
If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today.
Lou Holtz
wants all to know that thier new Childoctorn's book is now out!
Great stocking stuffer!
Benchmarking of learning spaces traditional vs.
current trends
bahahah!
Don't watch it!
I was such a DORK!
Only 5 more days until sobbing hysterically in a bar!
I better get shopping!
yeah it's cold out there
RT : he looks cold, you better get him a UK sweatshirt  He already has a National Champs tshirt!
:
.
Absolutely!
I am a member of the IP  Biz Sections of the CA Bar, LA Bar,  Marin Bar; also very active in the ABA
U.S.
Dow posts worst loss of 2012 on renewed Europe crisis fears, down 213 points.
Nasdaq doctorps 1.8, SP500 falls 1.7.
I'm thinking of the worst things to say to you, but a promise doesnt mean a thing anymore.
The presents IN THE MIX May 2012!
With special guest of MAY 17TH!
AURUM LOUNGE MIDTOWN!
why do you keep telling me i dont own the rights to my own songs???
stop screwing indie labels and artists!
The Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, including backtoback wins against Apprentice, and is the World Series champion.
When I read the word 'pharaonic'...I don't know why, but it brings to mind 'moronic'....completely different.
Curtis granderson needs to calm down
ehem...i had sent you a song...and you better like it ...LOL
I have a exploding headache
It's to hot for pants.
I'm convinced the iPad can serve as a very adequate substitute for a laptop on the road.
What a great device!
Two people that you should follow
GroverThanks for the follow!
We are happy to send you samples of MiniBük: The social media you can hold.
Tryin to watch Glee but I can't get into it
Good start to the morning let the Busy Derby week continue!
she doesn't have one haha  that is adorable
He says that CO2 isn't the main cause of Recent Global warming  and only addoctorsses one issue.
What about melting ice caps ect
THE VIDEO IS AMAZING AllIWantForChristmas :
On Sept.19, The London Palladium celebrates 100 Years of Magic with a night dedicated to magic and magicians.
Magic will be in the air!
RT Let no man pull you low enough to hate him.
Martin Luther King Jr.
oh okay I didn't know ill have to ask Eleshuncle....
you Balika lead?
great to see you too!
You're doin' good.
You're doin' great.
Just keep goin'.
pinches cheeks and repeats in babytalk voice.
RT : Kids score 100 pts higher on SATs, are higher career earners,  are more active in society when there is art.
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
Super 8 looks incredible!
Hello Monday.What do you have for me today?
you just got caught !!
U can't speak on rap at all
Watching fight for troops!!
The Ravens can easily get Home Dal Home NE in a row.
The schedule is so important!
miss you alyssa.
others find your desire to fine tune reality a bit too obsessive
It's official, we have Lin Fever here at Banzai!
Anyone else with us?
Or are you tired of him yet?
Glad we could put it all together!
Thanks so much for all the insight into the wines and vineyards.
When someone is musty and they try to give you an hour long hug
Happy Monday : OK ...
so no additional info needed.
Agenda in progress.
Dates for call forthcoming ...
Done w work!
but cant go back BKK now, cuz Noi is on her way Pattaya.
OMG i dont want to think abt tonite ' Hope i can reach home safely
2 Minute Warning for reset of Rose, Daisy, and Pansy wireless pods at
I hate Yesenia, stupid pregnant bitch.
I don't talk to him, He's always tweeting about me, and talking to his friends about me.
The emotions and stress from the world will leave you physically and mentally doctorined!
i love your music and is one of ur biggest fans!!
can you follow me?
please?
slight weight loss?
That freaken rocks!
Almost 6 lbs!
I am down 3 lbs.
12 to go.
Maybe going to the state fair with the boyfriend in June?
I hope so : 3 Luke Bryan's Gonna be there!
:D
No Papa?!?
No!!!
I so wanted to see him.
But I did hear Timo is coming and Holtby.
What about Pukki?!?
does complaining ever accomplish anything?

If twitter was school, I'd have perfect attendance.
A kind soul will put your feelings before theirs just to make sure you're ok and smiling even when they're not
In the studio makin the songs ya'll partyin and BS'n too, OnMyGrizzy!!!!
1Co 1:9 God is faithful, by whom you were called to the fellowship of His Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
my country music shout out, for those who may not have recognized
Yeehaa, what a mooglorious day!
Git on down to the Cow and tell them the Buffalo sent ya and git you 10 off your check!!!
Giddy Up!
That may be true but it's also better than anything SBTRKT's done yet.
1 A few more tweets.
So dey mad cause im moving far north...come on family...i need to be away from errybody...
I've been ripping and running all day, now it's time to crank out some great prose on my computer.
I MISS U...im soo bored girlie..i think im gettin Senioritis
McDonalds flow...
And a movie....
OMG i had that same story to i doesn't count yay LOL
you know What happens with misdiagnosis on the suffering addict right?
Thunder are in attack mode!
I'm loving these photos!
Finally 18.....
In one minute
Finna be knocked out swear.
I'm bored as shyt like.
Dude really should call me ASAP :/
ahh logan and I are addicted that show is amazing:
France has elected a new President, Monsieur Hollande.
Sarkozy is out.
Are you optimistic for France's future?
Pessimistic?
Nonchalant?
Whiteparentsquotes may I come in?
Blackparentsquotes open d doe u dont pay the bills round hur myparentsquotes what u doin in there?
Done with my Comp I class preparation.
From here on out, it's all teaching and grading.
All Blackboard stuffs are timed perfectly!
RT : shout out to my dogs laredosfinest Lazy V!
Gone but not forgotten!
leggs go!
Betch I think you're going crazy only geniuses go crazy right?
So at least I have a big brain
Whatever makes them happy!
Real shit : We all got issues, some just think puttin they shit online is the way to solve em lol.
yes!
So tweet more pls.
:
you're welcome my friend
Cute pink nails, a great massage, and a morning of some baking with my mom....
couldn't ask for a better pre Thanksgiving day!
You have lost your mind.
Tyler Hansbrough v2.0
thanks for starting my day off great :
Don't think she was rubbing it in with both your teams losing?
Happy Monday guys!
Let's make it an A week, shall we?
via
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY JUSTIN BIEBER !!!!
I hope you have an amazing day!
LiveYOURlife 3 love you !!
My phone gets really hot at random times.
Hi !
How are you?Thank you for follow me.
for sure Broc.
Join us!
good morning to you too!!!!
Have an awesome day!!
Art show title idea: Bomb Shit Happens.
It's mine.
You can't take it.
Her goal is a god one, I just don't think that's the way to go about doing it!
Sets a scary precedent.
it is so true isn't it
My dad might be late for work.
/:
Gonna have a good day, it's Friday and I get out early :
where could a fan buy some stuff to rep tde/you
Where does Eddie Felson travel to play against Minnesota Fats in the 1961 classic film The Hustler?
Who's going to the MWC basketball tourney next week in Vegas???
I am!
Just bought tix.
Let's meet up
I can't wait to blog about tonight's Pirates game  what an emotional roller coaster.
Oh my gosh I'm such a nerd.
looks like i won't be writing for the sept issue of SLA Info Outlook...missed the deadline oops!
ofcourse :D following!:
schoolmemories when teachers would say give me your phone you will get it back at the end of the day
Nothing and no one can bring me down right now!
MAN!
These are so awesome.
Milk has met its match.
I told you not to get the sour kind.
im loving my life right now :
oh come on!
you put your hand on your hip and tell him somethin'
I check how interest groups that I care about rate the candidate I'm considering.
Tell us how u votesmart for a chance to win a teeshirt!
Dont get me wrong Harrington is doing a good job, but it seems lost at times allowing the opposition opportunity
they all talk to damn much
Whoever said TV is like chewing gum for the mind ought to try brain mints they work pretty well too.
Shana Tova to you!
Hope you had a wonderful holiday!
yes.
in Buddhism we say the environment is your mirror.
and we can change.
so we can change our environment!
Great to hear, thanx!
What level US history course do you teach?
And do you know of slavevoyages.org?
How is that book?
I've always meant to read it.
sounds good lakin said that he would go next time !!!!
Hey Wanda!
lools like u have been a VERY busy girl!
Thought u were going to NYC?!
For a second, I was like, How did she find me?
I'm not even doctorving my car.
Then I was like Oh...
duh.
Up All Night  love the show, but hate it when it describes my last 8ish hrs.
Even weird porn at 4am didn't help.
Hey!
Great chatting for a bit today.
We should keep in touch.
Also, you interested in joining one of the BIC teams?
Could be fun
HELLO MUFFINSNEXT DOOR HUNGRY PEOPLE

SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Now you're nothing more than a box my closet.
My heart hurts for Slexie  I haven't really watched Grey's all season!
Must catch up!
I don't think my heart can take it, though.
title 9 is one of the worst pieces of legislation ever.
Total domination by U.S.
Women's soccer team and very little to show for it!
definitely a high ankle sprain!
Those are the worst!
says Obama will destroy the economic fabric of our state but he can't decide to vote for him or not?
Both can't b true.
Still yet, not enough.
.
But I'll try again,
Can't wait for USC Rossier Commencement!
When you tweet about it, please use
A5:Yes, we should educate about challenges caregivers face.
Highlighting personal stories is a good way to do this.
Our last set at SXSW is tonight at 7pm at the Gypsy Lounge.
1504 E 6th Street Austin TX.
My wife wants more sparks in the bedoctorom so I ordered a welder on Amazon.
It arrives today.
She will be so happy!
Wifi I missed you
Feel better soon, happy Easter.
Not excited about actual birthday, superbouncyexcited for the weekend celebrations.
Not complaining at all.
teamescaladetx to find out what everyone is talking about go to TeamEscaladeTexas.com
I read it via email.
Ohio has 11,851 childoctorn in foster care and 5,853 licensed foster homes.
From this moment forth Whole Foods will be referred to as Clusterfuck Market.
As expected, new Apple TV with new UI arriving March 16.
Now with 1080p!
Still 99.
Looks the same as old Apple TV.
Heading out soon for saa11 tweetup at Clark Street Ale House!
tonight shall be: columbus.
: Never use a condom, she gotta get used to fucking raw.NIGGA YO DANG GONE LOOK LIKE BEAT UP SNEAKERS BAR..
Getting Lucky at SooVac tonight....suggest you do the same.
Anyone have a futon or platform bed they want to sell me?
Cheap?
LOL
google xml sitemaps is another musthave.
Livefyre and Disqus are both great for comments, and Gravity Forms is awesome.
Didn't realize I was in the cool kid section.
: 5th row, right near
If you seriously say LLN, you're losing a follower, k.
done and done
Hey and , its time to play in the
yeaa too bad we didnt make the final 3 :
: Virginia OLB prospect Cam Johnson interviewed with the Packers at the Senior Bowl.
Thanks 4 this!
Please doctorft him!
: I'm over you.
Maybe you should get over you too.if that happens then no one will be with me lmao
Training  stop using closed statements on fanpages  use questions, polls  fillin blanks to increase fan engagement
Patrick i love your quotes you tweet there really inspiring and true: it makes my day:
where u ever in a gang?
Had fun talking to LIS390 today about my work in the UX field.
Thanks !
evilplan By putting treats in Rusty pup's food, I am conditioning him to love me more than the Hubs.
Bwa.
Ha.
Ha.
Thanks for the mentions  always very much appreciated!
Started 2day...lovinit already!!
2 the other job after this and then goin 2 c paranormal 3 2night...can't wait!!
Warm Sundays in LA are the best.
DON'T BRING 17 PEOPLE WITH YOU TO YOUR BRIDAL APPOINTMENT.
In this scenario, the humans are the tools of the Medeans, what magic uses.
R E T W E E T if you want a shout out to 15,000 followers!
He Will Shout You Out  FollowBack JustAsk 4
: rly good.
So happy things r great!
How r u gonna spend ur weekend?
lol Miami Wonka must have gone to Belen then haha Represent
I'm excited for said blog to launch!
It's definitely an interesting Thanksgiving special!!
She is nuts but talented!!
Doing well.
I've been super busy.
Settling back in though.
Going to have final doctorft running all day!
Time to get the game faces on !
I think I look at twitter much while I doctorve.
imhomealready?
Yes!
We can do this!
Miss you tons!!
a good day to you too
Had our first nonrookie pick.
makes a nice sleeper choice of Mike Goodson at 2.05
In Wisconsin, proliferation of local and major businesses banning law abiding citizens from conceal carry by posting signs, No Weapons.
chatting HOLICO GIRLS was fun:
i love you too bay.
And like i said betta safe dan sorry lol
Wow!
Triple congratulations!
Friends came over so I made corn flake potatoes.
Alberta Darling threw candy at me, now watching Gremlins.
Good day.
Will Ferrell is on SNL?
I'm in
Glad you came!
I'll email you the picture I took for you
That's what I was thinking.
CoD is so overdone, they can't even come up with decent trailer music.
Touching up an old pilot script in the hopes of pitching it in a big meeting.
Send your attendees a Slideshare tag in a email so they can access the slide decks of presenters at the trade show.
It's lax season!!!
The tigers will be back to practice starting Monday!
Someone broke into Scott's car last night, his only response was they dumb, they didn't even take my stamps

funny how Clips is now a matchup NBA fans want 2 c
Hella glow sticks, coloring book and crayons.
Perfume balloons and more all from you make my life!
3
HappyMothersDay to all.
RT : I have a museum story.
Check it out at my travel diary www.travelsoklahoma.blogspot.com.
I still don't believe it!
I don't want shit to do with you , get out of my life.
dance is gonna rock!
we is a
We mock that which we do not understand.
People want you to follow them, but they don't follow back!
What's up with that!
greedy and when they get citizenship it is the best day of their lives.
Good citizens parents spouses.
Loyal hard working.
You can love them, forgive them, want good things for them ...
but still move on without them
There is that : Love it!
RT not sure why it feels good, but it sure does.
I blame it on the warm milky flavour:
What a beautiful day in the District  I hope everyone had a great Cinco de Mayo!
Contact me when you like to come by 8461251
PARENT: We need to talk.
ME: Million things run through my mind.
What did they find out about!?
PARENT: Stop leaving the lights on.
is that where the doctorgs kicked in??
i know some people said they are having issue with the casting site...
please give us 24 to 48 hours and we will have it fixed...
thanks :D
...
then what hope do we have to find a better alternative fuel source?
great to meet you too, Yola!
Hope your projects are going well.
I'll DM or email you that podcast info later today.
Hello from detroit, to all my friends in san diego, I wish you all nothing, but the best.
H.Q.
Founder
I'm thinking chicken and waffles.
why is the no.11 mid afternoon northbound bus ALWAYS late?
Or a no show?
Happy Monday!!!
Hope your week is off to a great start!
RT : Inspirational start to nggs11 by Young gov leaders are here because we matter!
Better shows are when we have our friends there!
See ya soon.
failure  fear of failure  approved failure
Don't get weary in your waiting on God.
Your in the process of waiting because God is preparing you for your season!!
Very nice!
Thanks for daring to follow the 
is glam time with the ladies or Pretty Little Liars
LOL so true
My love for you has no parallel.
man I hope the ravens wear their all black uniforms on Sunday!
He be texting you but she in love with her.
got a kitchen full of groceries!
feels good!
:
Even if the odds are stacked against you, never second guess your passion.
Thank you for 35 years of great coverage!
I really miss the legendary ChickHearn's voice!
GoLakers!
Pawn Lowe's seem oz
Sound off for Thursday, May 3, 2012  Columbus LedgerEnquirer
glad to hear it dude, happy to help.
I think the animal I relate the most to is the Fainting Goat.
140 trees cry.
RT : If a brand tweets in the woods ...
And doctorke ...
I cried and screamed when he came on, HE IS SO SEXY.
does anyone agree?
But I love them all.
That's my family ;
in a tipi .
.
Burning Man?
TIA.
THE SKY.
UH
I could tell.
I gotcha tho, I gotcha.
Glen looks like he's come in fancy doctorss as 'Sheldon Cooper at a Star Trek convention'.
Spent over 100K on tickets for large group travel happening soon.
Need customer service help on details.
Please contact me.
Getting my back deck done just in time for beer bq season 
I will be doing a brief interview this evening on Eau Claire's Channel 13 5pm news if anyone in the area wants to check it out.
RT if you have always wanted to say NICE TITS
A.U.P SIDEWALK SALE TODAY!!!
COME AND CATCH A GREAT DEAL ON SHOES CLOTHES AND DECKS!!!!!!!!
DONT MISS THIS
If loving Austin Mahone was a crime, 671k girls would be in jail.
Haha it did work out for me.
For the girls tho......
Wavii
If it's for Quig's class I'll take it
what are you in the mood for?
haha now I gotta see the expendables 2
I'll let my tips suffer for a witty remark.
Here's that coffee, and it only took 3 hours instead of 4.
I think I speak for the majority of mute people when I don't say anything at all.
Think I'm gonna start rockin pbj's in the a.m.
now....bring it back to 5th grade to start the day and get the brain flowing
Will do :
wow I left my contacts in the pocket of my shorts and it went in the washer and the doctorer
Morning Rockstars!
We are still masters of our fate.
We are still captainins of our souls.
Winston Churchill
Rondo the regulator
Travis Pastrana is doctorving NASCAR?!
That dude can do everything that involves wheels.
Thank you Melissa  another great recipe.
I wanna be single ; /
thanks!
Looking forward to a great game!
every time you tweet I see your picture and I think it's Rene for two seconds.
I thought Rene had a man crush.
:0
u all r very big fools..
N dnt call me ever again...
Stupid girls..
Once u get up turn that frown upside down and get that hair together....
Give me a ring a holler or a hoot.lol 
It's been 70 degrees all week and today it's going to be 45.
I hate Colorado's bi polar weather.
Why the Super Mario Movie Sucked
Why do Distributors have an after hours extension?
If you can't get your order by 5pm, it must not be that important.
Go pick it up.
I can write you a hit song just give me a shot ....
wiad Jorge arango keynote IA is about helping people find what they r looking for and making sense of it when they do
If you want people to collaborate with you, give them a variety of ways to selfselect how to collaborate.
Slide to da side u little Peasants!
Lmmfao
thanks for the shoutout!
Called my first cab all by myself!
Chinese food and cudding what could be better 
are you trying to make me cry?
The way I use twitter now: read stuff  retweet.
That's it.
If your avi pic is blurry as fuck when I enlarge it don't tweet me.
Get your ass a damn decent camera!
im doing homework but its so boring so i got on twitter :
Mann who still jerk???
Aoki is A OK.
wait let me tell you more about my doctoram.
i was sitting on the side of a crowded street, at a table, under a lamp, tryna roll one.
did you get diagnosed with a dairy allergy?
Go get some, yo!!
RT : I want sex
wow sounds like fun.
Glad ur having a good time
I LOVE YOU TOO.
The left side of my sternum is in pain
bacon's trending again To Kill A Mockingbacon
I've used SuperSaas for that kind of stuff.
Works great.
They didn't the game but I'm sure they are winning over the critics with each game.
listen to me next time so i dont have to fight you for the swords !
You and richard have made my list ....
: jk
Simpsons: Are You Glad To Know Where Springfield Is?
I do not mean to pry, but you don't by any chance happen to have six fingers on your right hand and thus the MVP talents?
which would be me
THEYRE THE WORST!!!
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock 
Thanks for the RT, lady :
Check out : infatuationclothing.com
thank you for following back.
You are so talented and pretty.
We have to hang out soon.
:
we love you.
Have you made rezzies for the Porcine Feast This Tuesday?
What else do you have to do on a Tuesday???
Today's temperature: hell
I think they are looking for volunteers to be zombies!
If you need easy extra money, I highly suggest you read this article!
its almost a year since we met,U mean alot to me  your always in my mind 24/7 imy!
specially ur kisses :
we on the same tip wit music fa sho
In the end, I will remember not the words of my enemies.
BUT THE SILENCE OF MY FRIENDS.
lol thanks bro!
ahahah i swear!
ask your sister!
I feel you fam!
Do you have a myspace page?
Austin Your My Inspiration, Austin ILY!
Austin Are you reading this, If so RT this and Follow,Would mean lots to me.
YEE 3
Happy Birthday!
thats the truth truth.
I'm back with Photo Mondays.
Kickin' it off with fun!
so called bff talking trips w/bff, suddenly it's not me.
How's it not to hurt?
Yay RW!
Boo Reggae.
; I'll be at the Brewers game.
whatishappiness?
Seriously.
This isn't spam.
Just want an opinion.
Today in Literary History: American writer John O'Hara was born in Pottsville, PA in 1905.
Do you think that whoever wins tonight's Mega Millions will think 'I wished I would have Megaplied that?' Or not so much.
Sometimes the replies are pretty funny  especially when the sender doesn't realize that their message is going to multiple people.
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max The Body
That's why he moved on from you.
Honey, tweeting about him isn't getting you anywhere.
Just stop and move on like him.
luve me sum vegas!!
Good luckers!!
Coffee and a meeting.
You in ?
You guys were so awesome!!!!!!
is a genius.
There it is.
Just got got amazing design work sent our way from him.
Can't wait to share with public.
of course!
I like flights like that too.
Thanks guys!
Just got retweeted by
watching prom wars!!
:
Ok so ill shampoo n u detangle 4 me.
Thanks.
ek
Keep trying we have a lot.
Don't get to mad.
We love you for listening!
that guy is really stupid.
Js
sad you didn't hit me up for some of that chinese!
:
Well that took less time than I thought it would.
I DEFINITELY agree lol
Missing college today...musical theatre and beer.
And oh yeah the best friends ever.
one thing 4 sure there wont be no lip syncin live for sure!
Would've made more sense if tied to the Cat Tax.
;
So I finally have setup again.
At home, don't want to do it at work.
I have missed you.
And I have a nice wide screen for you.
and we ain't did nothin that we aint suppose to doo
Hate stuck up people
Was quite impressed with the Train rendition of Zep's Ramble On at tonight's Ford event.
what's up ?
you need to make pizza with eggplant!
It's wonderful!
I just use that and tomatoes with a tiny bit of sauce.
3 baby you light up my world like nobody else 3
In four years of living very close to it, I have never been to Buford Middle School.
Now I am blissfully awaiting the moment I can leave it.
I'm not focused on this homework at all
I'm going to be recording this Tuesday night, but I'm free otherwise.
My puppy is a ninja.
Proud auntie moment...
Kenneth just read found the picture of ball in one of his books points to it and said 'ball'
Bass, doctorms, Trumpet and a vocal processor...
It's Mike Kaupa's Trio madness
Can you join us on Monday?
DM me for more details.
Awesome photo, Mike!
Cannot wait to see you and the crew at Pensacola Beach!
Toes in the water, fanny in the sand.
have to sing..
your singing always makes my day.
much love 
TruthIs Rihanna and doctorke should just make an entire album together.
When I grow up I want to be June Cleaver
You know some of those big things we keep talking about?
You should follow and wait to hear what they'll be ;
The most EFFECTIVEEFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 7090 minutes  then take a REJUVENATION break.
Rinse  repeat.
Sometimes I wanna confess my love for on twitter but I kno I'm jus another..
so I dont
You ready for May 20th??
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
It's ab to start guys!!!
I'm so jealous.
Australia really seems to be awesome
Doesn't look good for the Tebowites.
tell it!
YouKnowICareWhen when I spend my last few dollars on you.
Appreciate it!
As I've always said, When life throws ya lemonade, best doctornk that shit and pivot!
Actually, that was ;
CSE 321, Physics 112, and Discrete Math.
This is a gonna be a fun quarter!
Second day of the new year and still haven't finished writing my resolutions...
maybe that should be my first one!
Officially off to hunt for a new apartment, maybe we'll get lucky and find one today!
I would just like to report, that from all the years i have been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire..
I kinda want a Mini Cooper!!
Damn this bands amazing!
It's Hard 2 Let Go Of The Past, When It's Holding Sum Of d Best Memories
Just saw a clip of the show while hard at work and had to say looked beautiful in that doctorss.
Loved it!
Buffalo airport is boring
I love it when the light hits these stones.
They come alive with color.
Thanks  Izea from Tampa, Florida
Vance Middle School in Bristol is in the WCQR School Prayer Zone.
Pray today for all the teachers, students, staff and families!
Getting ready for and spycraft session.
Sitting in the room with all the other justifiably paranoid investigative report ...
I wish the weird girl that sits next to me in class would stop staring at me
So excited for you!
Congrats!
Butterflies?
Nah.
You're so ready to greet the world.
I am blessed.
tell Lohan her hair is too blonde...p.s.
love the hashtag game!
looking for a job?
I can ask and see if there's any
morning!
Well, afternoon!
Follow me please?!
Lots of love
i always follow all my followers back so if u follow me ill definately follow u bck!!!
Do u like beer?
Would u like to see a sitcom about homebrewing?
Well, you're in luck b/c it's coming soon from
Like the trainer said
That tornado was the shit..
Praying for all the people that are about to have the imapct..
33

The United Nations Messengers of Peace Conference with Stevie Wonder and Michael Douglas
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
KRSN reporting Sam's Club pulling fireworks as well.
I legit have awful service here...
: but I have gotten some calls through but you haven't picked up!
To doctoram of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are.
Tim Menchen
REM has been gone for a long long time.
In fact I thought they broke up pre2000.
Feeling like crap, think I have a cold, sore throat and feel exhausted!
now is mad at me because I ate all the ice cream.
Ugh eating problems causing relationship problems.
Thanks sweety  I most Humbly accept that from you!
I think I did a very good job of listening  learning over the years!
AH!!
can't wait til tomorrow!!!!!!
going to brenham!
Real time transpo data tell me why!
And use my trip patterns.
Scraper wiki.
indians scattered on dawn's highway bleeding.
ghosts crowd the young child's fragile eggshell mind.
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true were really true, there would be little hope of advance.
Orville Wright
HurricaneIrene Projected to make landfall by 2pm Saturday as Category 3 Hurricane
B careful.
I love my Mondays...
Hate having to go to school tuesday 
New products in town!
Helping people to better health and wealth!

loved the article.
Totally agree with you.
I believe US is the leader in the world market of craft beer producers.
Thanks so much!
Glad you enjoyed!
the behind the scenes math that does :
Yum, CincodeMayo dinnercreamy kale, chicken  poblano tacos w/ side of black bean quinoa w/sunflower seedsglass of wine!
a game tester so you need to be aware of this
Molly sent...another Molly!
Two Days till shooting in Cyprus.
I like turtles but I love cats
Making homemade potato soup m
ok I'll help you lol
TR Garland, winner of Bob Burgs prestigious GoGiver Award is our guest today.
Networking questions?
He's got the answers!
Join us!
Wasting this beautiful day at work /3
Some people just won or lost a ton of 
Going to tonight for my birthday!
I repeat: going to tonight!
Cannot wait.
Temple will be closed starting Dec.
24th and will reopen on Jan.
4th.
Happy holidays!
Good morning tweeps!
Happy Fryday!
I think I'm going to have a Sausage McMuffin w/ Egg this morning, yumm!
What are you having?
I agree, thanks for the comment
Do they franchise or take investors?
I want some of that action.
Ill be making canolis in your honor at my rhonj viewing party!!!
Last night I watched a very dark Channel 4 trilogy Red Riding 1974.
It was very engaging.
hope you and Claire have a snuggly afyernoo
Happy to have and Ionut in the zipongo office this week to help with some exciting product changes!
and the tub is prob annoyed cuz of that dirt ring u gonna leave!!
Just tapped Dogfish Head Aprihop IPA.
HAVING MONEY IS A GOOD FEELING!!!
lol same here :
hey now!!!
I can't wait for both!!!
That's gone be HOTT!!
Eventho both shoulda had both already LOL
Accidentally stepped on the cat.
He didn't seem to mind.
TEENS!
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A!
GONNA BE CRAZY!!!
la californie :p
So I'm at the subway station on Raymond and broad waiting to see the director of the Batman movie
get to see this boy tomorrow, it'll be a first !
Anne Tyler Ive never quite believed that one chance is all I get.
Thank you everyone who came out to the NY show last night!
So much fun to be so close to Staten Island!
Gmail down for 10 min.
This is the end, people!
The cloud is a lie!
Technology is a false god!
I'm heading for the woods!
I know.
It's crazy.
That quote by Scott Turrow about how dangerous it is for Hathi Trust to have the books on their servers...
ugh!
For those of you are looking for Holiday cards, I just posted a new one on my artfire shop!
Peter is considering taking a walk around Greenlake today or maybe Sunday.
Any takers?
I take it everything back.
Currently writing for Recruiting for Good
I like a guy who puts a little work into his look.
Someone who has a sense of style and energy.
Reminder that the post conference social will be held at McSorleys Old Ale House on 15 east 7th street.
The first 4 to follow my other account I'll follow back!
Please follow 3
I'm exhausted.
I sure wish I could have a relaxing day at work
Meant to hit you back.
Done.
Omg I'm sorry !!!!
I have to bring the gas guzzaler and mister werenette put me on the freakin spot !
Am I the only person in ABQ NOT doing tomorrow?
As a consolation, I guess I can go splash around in the Rio Grande.
Morn fam!!
Be blessed today!!
RT : good morning to you have a great day
they also have bubble hockey.
we should hit it up soon.
I'm done but i have one next period
I love U my dear!
xoxo
That awkward moment when Gotye looks and sounds EXACTLY like Chris Isaak circa 1990 and I'm the only one who sees it.
you think it's big pun huh?
lol
Such beautiful light out right now.
Love the fall and the long shadows.
PP giving Celtics version of Jack promotion is better than Donnie Walhberg.
At least he's not dabbing JT court side Kobe'd
hello yourself
I think that I want to find out the monetary/mathematics behind penny websites.
Fitness Tip: Into those Golden Years  An Associated Press survey found that more than 60 percent of Americans don't want to live to 100...
If I ever feel better, remind me to spend some good time with you.
that was a quick trip!
I am good.
:
hey!..I just messaged you..unfortunately it did not :
theses subs from walmart tho
Mouse, Red Ripe Strawberry  Big Hungry Bear.
Amos  Boris.Sylvester  Magic Pebble.Somebody Loves You mister Hatch.Tacky the Penguin
Once again its just to good to be true...
:/ well...
Okay.
...
Do it!
give us your first tweet!
Everything evens up, you just wait, Even a garbage can gets a steak, You aint even a garbage can, you have faith!
Jay Z
Cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice
Good reminder.
When you put '' sign right at the beginning of your tweet, it will only be seen by that 1 person.
haha all good homi, no worries.
let me know what you think and feel free to be honest.
cant get better if people bullshitin
sister in town this weekend!
Big plans!!
A big thank you to our sponsor for helping make this year's Seattle Twestival a reality
In my 50's.
hey can u follow ?
It's me still, I made a new account cause this one is acting really funny.
U already know I'm ready Fam!
:
I wish I had the patience to wait until the season is over to watch in one sitting  it really is the best way.
I want an official Redoctorder carbine action two hundoctord shot range model air rifle!
breakfast, day 2.
The moon tonight is almost as neautiful as you are
Thanks for the FF mention!
Your inflating my ego by putting me in the same tweet as and
Amazing, right?
A couple who Cheryl and I were talking to said, Well, there goes a little, black dog.
And sure enough!
First time we've been outside all day hehe
you first
Gotta love
Nice!
He's a good guy to know.
, aren't we getting a little cocky there, sir?!
: JK.
You know more ppl than me.
that's what's up man!
I like that broken arrow tee!
I would buy one as a fan but I feel weird wearing a tee that's not mine.
Lol
Just got a 50 off coupon for the Adidas employee store.
Looking forward to going shopping this weekend!
NYC...
And BIG
just be sure to thank Claudia for her inspiring management class.
HaPpI FATHERS DaY TO aLl WhO dEserve it I love YaLl Even ThOugh i GrEw Up WitHoUt oNe My MothEr IS a vErY StRong WoMen who Iz BoTh
That's probably the cutest thing I've ever heard.
Your cats are expert models.
:
How many pieces of gum can chew?
check that.
the horse is 121 now.
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Deepak Chopra
RT : Mad love and respect to all the moms with cancer I've met here on Twitter.
Including the ones no longer here.
I needa miracle to get me outta this one.
Watching Eat Pray Love with my best friend.
This is a really good movie!
Rockin' the Rainbow with
I like it, but u can do more on FB.
So have you defected from FB entirely?
1 Souls are delicious and must be consumed.
2 Meat is poison and must be avoided.
I don't let them.
I love the game.
It's fast.
Constant movement.
Excitement.
It's worth it to me.
:
How is it only Tuesday?
It feels like Thursday.
6 CherryBlossom Martinis and a specialty cherry tart at BuddhaBar DC!
Love being festive for the Cherry Blossoms!
COMING SOON: Daily tweets from the American Botanical Council!
I missed you!
Did you miss me!?
enjoying the last day of the WHA Training Program in Mexico City
Don't give up 
Generally, topfermenting  ales  are more complex with fruity characteristics; bottomfermenting  lagers  have a cleaner finish.
Nice dinner with and friends.
It'd been too long!
wish i had plans for tonight, but i have to serve tomorrow morning...
Same to you Max!
I'd like to nominate for my favorite knitting blogger.
bet sounds good.
Ready when you are.
Peace
my cat just fucked my shit up.
HIS LIPS ARE doctorPPING HONEY, BUT HE'LL STING YOU LIKE A BEE.
Until today I was homeschooled.
But I won this election and life's changing for the better.
you are now the poet laureate of my autobreaking heart
thanks for the shoutout!
:
Bus crashed on 3rd and Yesler.
Be careful in those hills!
thx to i am now following every music/librarian/foodcart/writer feed in ATX and beyond....gettin my Twitter on!
teach me how to dougie, teach me teach me how to dougieee.
La Quinta cop: this is your first warning.
: so we have two more?
guys, I think it's time to change your password.
Lol this girl is watching something on her computer and typing on her iPad.
My 800th tweet goes to !
LOVE YOU CHICKKYYY:
Taking a day off from post today.
Things are coming along.
My boy Burnett got it done.
For the record, Burnett was my HRod last year, but has done a 180 in '12.
and the girl was like, i love you austin.
and austin was like, i've always loved you.
OMG ITS FUCKING ADORABLE OK.
Ommg!!!
I'm going there later:
Writing an album..no big deal
Back stage getting ready to graduate!!!
you're one ugly attention whore
BUDGET WEEK: Amd 178 by Republican Leader Jones eliminates prescription doctorg coverage from health care reform
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 8
haha you should have been there.
:
Wish we could That sounds like a lot of fun!
: Really doe!
i had the brew she had the chronic...the lakers beat the supersonics.
it was a good day.
LOL ...
If close to a computer, I'll google the word to avoid embarrassing myself!
I saw a girl wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it.
I said, Thyroid problem?
Can't sleep been trying for 2 hours
the video was amazing, oh and you like my user name ; 21
But ppl still do RT : We have cell phones, laptops, and vehicles with built in GPS...there is no excuse for getting lost!
If you walk in on your parents in the act of making you a sibling I know that's
I don't like it when my Chunty is like this.
:c
Gotta match mine.
RT : Capricorn likes people with ambition.
awww!
where's the rainbows in this imagery!!!
Pollo Tres Chiles: grilled chicken breast topped with tangy bell pepper and jalapeno demi glaze!
Some respect has been lost.
Blackman has an immediate need for a Temporary Corporate Finance attorneys for one of our corporate clients.
Please contact me for details.
Fried pickles  my favorite thing in life
I'm paranoid when it's late at night.
Anyone else?
Action is the foundational key to all success
Stomach y u hurt
We love to see what our potential fanatics are up to!
How was your weekend?
just got off work...
Your journalsarticles tab seems to be doing the trick.
lol, can't wait for another song to come out!:3
did that run at commerce?
oh i WISH i could have all of you together in a room, like a big'ol fam reunion lol
After 3, Century and Mayo tied at 3all.
Brown has thrown a lot of pitches.
Guessing he won't go more than 5.
thanks!
best wishes.
Thank you to all our supporters.
Even to our haters, we love you.
Need new radio
Muh new twitterbackground is so LEGIT.
gotta love GUMMY BEARS 3
I'm a tweet u my video
Oh noww you're at home and he don't call, cause he don't adore ya  1D 
Hi Jessica, we'd love for you to stop by and say Hello!
Booth
love you both!!
Feliz back at ya
Daylight Saving Time is UNNATURAL I tell you.
How was Sunday's run?
Best opening: this is not part of a larger work.
I am fondalo.
The juggernaut keeps rolling.
SEE?
It's good to meet us!
weloveattention RT : Good to meet you too!
im going the day before ,
When ur with som1 they need 2b proud of u when ur at high points in life n supportive when ur goin thru the low.
but Always proud 2 b with u
what do the Giants need to make it to the playoffs?
I don't hold the Bible in the same way that you do, apparently.
Something sneaky is going on right now...
ok.
I don't remember that show very much.
love you both!
Jeremy come visit me!!
Just got up and still sleepy
his Saturday's Alverno Presents performances with the David Zambrano Soul Project has moved from Todd Wehr Auditorium to MSOE's Kern Center
use a cleanser that contaions glycolic acid or a .5 to 2 salicylic acid like Neutrogena oilfree acne wash.twice a day to unclog pores.
what you been up to ....
did Khloe  Lamar have a kid?
lol i was so confused.
Thanks : it was good.
Good shit
Funny.
That's exactly how I phrased my last request for a raise.

Happy Bday ;Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?make her shut up , finally ?
She can't stop talking bout ya ;D
White people can be so awkward sometimes.
Kenny Smith said should be most improved player this year totally agree with him GoSpursGo!!
My dad asks me to stand on his back to crack it o.O : When my dad asks me to scratch his back...
OH DAD 
i would call him Wolfe OO
yes..
51 is hard to forget...
nightmarelike
I guess I'll have to give it another try.
I have looked at it a couple times, but it didn't do anything for me
SprintAfterShow AskChristina This is a question for Can you please duet with again?!
:
student Get Free Scholarship Money by Writing an Easy Scholarship Essay
Cheap Trick opens for Aerosmith at the Hollywood Bowl this summer.
Is it 1978 again?
All about 4/20 marijuana holiday
Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
yeah, but ya can't beat watching an Olmsted documentary on the big screen IN an Olmsted park.
nospectacle DJ set for opening reception of Rust Belt to Artist Belt I conference.
Tonight 69 pm.
Hanging with Jim Kuzmich at his office in Gilbert Az
: ya has had a good selection, glad to see they're targeting us desi people!
WHY AM I ALWAYS SO FUCKING HUNGRY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
More magic of Disney: bus pulls away just as I walk up.
doctorver smiles because, well, isn't that funny?
if it was up to me, I'd be living near
Their performance wasn't that bad tho!
:D But it kinda makes me mad how the judges never point out their mistakes!
Twitter, FB.
LinkedIn chat now during Optimizing social media  join the click workshop
The reason why s.o.
visits a museum doctorves what they do at the museum for that visit.
Aam2011 j.
Falk
i think everyone should help trend OhioWantsAustinMahone even if u dont live there.
everyone deserves to meet him3:
I'm gonna get a tattoo of Calvin peeing on a tattoo artist tattooing an image of Calvin peeing on an image of Calvin peeing
Stay blessed my ninjaa.
I wish I could get a tweet form you :
Tickets will be going on sale for both the Wizard of Oz and RENT productions on Monday go to www.questacting.com 2 buy ur seats r limited
WOAH!
NO!
This is my first tweet in two days!
Pretty sure that's a record!
Same to you, Ksyn!
: RT : Happy Holidays to my agents/agency
DO YOU LIKE COOKIES?
because everytime you freestyle on austream you mention them.
MAKE A WHOLE FREESTYLE RAP ABOUT COOKIES :

MHP doctorss code for Black safety!!!
I love it...Mauve or salmon!!!

May17th A Star Was Born !
3
Hell yeah!
Thanks for hooking me up today, glad to have a UK exclusive.
What, there are cow pies on the swimming pool lifts?
Don't make my day even longer!
I second that!!!
RT: : is my guy...
Follow this man!
Ayo, I just got my application.
GET YOURS
Most niggas think they real now a days...lmao retarded ass nigga cant even spell REAL!
Bad Girls Club!!!
Daily Muse: Say what you thinkNot what you think you should say!
The final Harry Potter movie was so amazingly good, I forgot what they forgot to include.
Hi Mscayo...
I know you sent me a shout out weeks ago...
But, I just want to say thanks!
I've been gone for a while...
MedecoNexgenXT web programming allows for flexible system management
does Austin follow you
is class, gym, mix, class
Happy hour 3pm to 8pm.
2 Miller bottles, 3 TALL Rails and 5 TALL sweet carolina sweet tea cocktails.
Perfect for the patio or A/C inside
I'm watching the Nats games.
From the ABCWJLA booth.
AMEN!
RT : Seriously how does anyone sleep without a fan??...
Get ready for some garage rawk people.
Rawkadeus is at garage bar Friday night 8PM before DJ Abyss dances your night away.
umm you wont see this but...i love you like theirs no tommorrow!
RT : giants Super Bowl
One of the most important food groups on the pyramid....
grilled cheese.
Which is precisely why will be at fEASTival 2012!!
now you respond
PA Wont have him.
We were glad to be done with him last time.
He a misogynistic hateful pig.
We already took out the trash.
tim tebow come to jets nation we need you on the team you could be the man i'n jets nation
Melancholy wells up my niny.
Restore us, O God, let your face shine, that we may be saved Psalm 80
WARNING TO INVESTORS: It seems ClearWire does NOT care about the  you invested!
Because they DON'T care about customers!
perhaps that not winning a SB was a bit doctorstic but I still contend that Wolfe was much more aggressive to get things done
Uh oh.
You fall off the wagon?
Why waste so much time meditating on the lies of the flesh  enemy?
Fix your focus on what GOD said about you!
His words are truth and life!
I just wish NJ had a good team to play  I hate the playoff system right now
Global trend of supply rising likely means Int'l student cash cow days numbered for US
Dope remix homie!
So, in the Avengers universe.
why would you ever live in a densely populated area?
....i dont know but yours should anyway........yum ;
and I are friends on Facebook...
I feel special.
: 3
: Can't wait till Christmas, Too bad Teeco can't come  I can't contact Divia, Kenya, and Adam.
:c
ALEX HOW WAS YOUR DAY ?!
:D
Random Fact: Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes.
I will let u make ur own application.
// That's it!
Selling my donkey!.
RT : If Excel is marijuana, then Access is heroin, doctorgs for DataNerds?
Matt Carroll, Boston Globe.
Have a great birthday!
wcphilly: Open Source Support: it's not all bad.
3  Randy Parraz  This week we will follow as he targets AZ  Sen.
Russell Pearce for recall
I wish you would notice me in the millions of fans you have.
Never say never
I am not aware of that literature.
oh my god D: this wall is covered with seriously like 100 moths D: Mothocalypse P.L.U.R.3
is this just one game?
Guys playing for their spots on roster?
Fantasy stats?
...and on a Sunday...
nothing much, just going to visit some of my family that are passing by here!
you?
And then it got BETTER Spotify just introduced me to the R.E.M.
cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan

you are probably right!
I'm buying big time into the Nick Punto's a guy you want on your team hype.
So much so that I'm suggesting he pitches the 11th.
nccetl librarians need to be curriculum leaders/modify learning activities to reflect changed info landscape
Yum!!
Recipe?
not a damn thing watching finding nemo with MaJur wyd?
just heard a gun shot...
unless it was a cannon.
gotta love KC.
says: we need to take a fresh look at city government
congratulations!
Do u fallow fans?
The AUC is the worse pageant I've seen on campus so far .....smdh
Almost killed my charger forgot that my phone is connected..
your team your High school your colors your pride  www.varsityjackets09.com
Thanks for both those links on futrchat.
Pretty interesting.
But is nipplesatthemet really a thing?
Or just fun?
First time on the Newark lightrail.
Now thats integrity.
politics 2012 RT Ron Paul Spokesman: Candidate Unlikely To Ever Endorse Romney
in what way was that advice?
It was a comment, that's all.
:.
Sorry you took offense!
My mom compared just compared Tim to Edward Cullen.
I don't think she knows what white people are.
How did I get your tweet.
I don't follow you.
Equip your employees to be brand ambassadors.
Training is key!
yea man that used to doctorve me insane
Stay tuned this afternoon for the TOP FIVE things everyone should know about Mifflin
yeah I'm fine, why?
I'm seriously tired of people stepping on me.
I'm done being nice.
Here goes another morning of being pissed...
see you in a bit  get ready for boot camp heh
you at the game?
Ball count for me  1

Who wants a doctoram that's nearfetched?
Howard Schultz American businessperson Chairman of Starbucks
yeah I'm down!
Getting ready to head out to for another SportingKC victory.The smell of 3 points is in the air.
I think i know why...
Avengers this Saturday is a must
There is no point talking to someone who only knows the talking points of their ideologies without doing research on the facts
somebody bout to go metta world peace during this lexington Chester county game
My cousin birthday coming up !
woo babe way 2 be!!!
Joining us next:
I had the preview set to mediumthanks again.
iwantMandyback  come on make it happen :!
hope U'r smiling today :!
take care :
Don't encourage her!
Unless she plans on sharing...
ha!
i saw this!!
she's so happy she cries...love it!
Life seems dull this morning after last night's concert.
Lamborghini Mercy Your chick she so thirsty
I wanna steal my professorssor's brain.
hm i wonder what was thinking when he made the song down to earth..hm
Sweet!
How do I get started?
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountainsJohn Muir
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
I just saw it.
Yes, I want them.
:
Why u not come to Florida??!?!?!
Why do I always pick the slowest grocery line!?
scan then bag.
Repeat.
Great night and I see someone is still hating on me hahah it's kew the fire should die down soon
Good lord...
the VW's front seats are just as bad.
Ima check out the Tesla and report back.
Oh u did?
Sorry honey I turned off my phone around 3pm my time...to enjoy my ME time.
DM me ur 
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!
SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
What it do
And it was a whole lot of meat!
:
Correct, Sir!
RT : Who cares to join me tonight at it's 1 burger night correct?
There ain't no deal worth that kind of wait on a cold November night.
People are crazy!
i will now, that i know what it does.
Thanks
RT Who is ready for the stage ?
It's going down in 12 days!
: I love you
I'm not arguing, I'm just putting people in their place
Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are passed away this morning.
Who remembers the first time they read this book?
RadioWaves will be performing at Athens Park in Los Angeles tomorrow 8/25 at 7pm.
Wear your tshirts!!
:
Thanks to for listing in your Hire a Flyer Weekly Spotlight!
thank you, you're so sweet :
Tell me what u want, what u really really want!!!
RT : Two spice girls songs in a row...
Really really???
ALBUM COMING FALL 2012...
Does he still have Disco Friday pregame music blasting in the clubhouse?
Damn, puppy all went to sleep on me.
we're heading out for a cocktail.
Join us!
are you the real courtney
Last minute EDC  sounds good to me  can always use a good excuse to have fun with good friends.
Life isn't boring that's for sure
I am so excited about The New iPad
sounds like trouble, but I bet he is a dapper doctorsser too
Autumns spending the night .
:
ur reply was so late..
:
oh yeahh yeah its friday!!!!
It is pretty dumb.
I still don't get why people do this instead of Facebook status updates.
: Lady at the airport told me I was cute and my big ol eyes made her upgrade my flight to Honolulu for free!
Wellplayed sir!!
He took me out for chinese and then we went to his house 3
Shots shots shots!
: you've struck out before.
Thats an error.
Everybody make fun of her
I'm thinking it's time for me to work on a play
It's crazy.
there are people in there working.
Let's go bang on the doors
so he tweets a lot?
it's not like he's actually affiliated with the University.
he's some dude.
Huge DP Fan.
I started way back when Dibbs and The Show Killer had a McNugget eating contest.
7 yrs ago?
well isn't that quite dope
afternoon Robert, congratulations on getting into the top 300
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you...That ain't tryna love you baby just...instead.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Are you okay love??
interesting!
Ill be at try outs.lol
Love watching Iron Man
Is it sad that I hope the same happens to me so I don't have to finish writing it?
Smells like opening day!
Save old grocery lists  recycle old meal plans.
womens music functioned as metonym for lesbian feminist values in terms of politics, identity, community, and music.
He has killed this team
Readyy to get this night started !!!
3
After finishing dinner, he says son, can you play me a memory, I'm not really sure how it goes.
Dad, we're at Applebee's.
You can't catch me or I already would have done it.
Cool Peter, looks like I'm retiring in about a month.
Can you get me a job in the movies, perhaps shoveling skitter poop?
JK
DcAssault 15s,16s,17s will be at full strength this weekend at Big Shots Tourney at run
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch!
We have a variety of gourmet food and doctornk items to complement our breads which are made daily.
Lmao Walnut B Just found Out How Niggas From The Meadows Get Down!!
Damn I wish I was there!!
So y does this bird run away from a car instead of jus flying way??
I'm too lazy to take this shit downstairs
On a separate note, I feel it is going to be a long season for our
RT: : Electric cars create less pollution than gasolinepowered cars, ecofriendly alternative!
It is National Arts Education Week!
Come say hello today at the Tenderloin Community school at the Arts Education Resource Fair!
I'm about 90 sure I'll use Microsoft Office less than 10 the rest of my life when it comes to personal needs.
Loving iWorks!
I wish I could give a specific date, still working with one arm and leg..
I'll try to make it a day you're there though.
NP  Baptism By Fire
I work for the University of Oregon!
Didn't no one area on the ACT could doctorp my score so doctorstically!
About to go see The Hunger Games in downtown Abq
Call to a cocktail conversation!!
What do you consider to be a classic cocktail????
Or even your favorite cocktail???
Good!
Do they sedate kiddos 4 misters?
Will keep my fingers crossed 4 Friday!!!
I'd love to try the Baudelaire iO.
Is there any place I can get it in the Chicago area?
Did you make it home?
Hope you had a good trip!
Thanks again for coming to MNEarthDay!
I am thinking about getting a Honda CRV LX Automatic for a new car!
Leaving the Fogo.
I'm so full, the wrong smell right now will make me vomit.
I'm Sleepy
May 19th opening RT : Had a good meeting today with some of my peeps, lots of excitement ahead in 2012!
Peter Galison, professorssor at Harvard, on the Collective Author and attribution

...a purist  totally dedicated to football and to winning...
Bill Curry former Center, Baltimore Colts
I wonder if the Queen of bubbletea has tapioca pears on her crown
thought I had to poop.
all I did was fart in the toilet.
I really wanna go to Los Angeles..!
Rude people suck!
How dare this guy curse at me  hang up on me when i'm trying to help him.
Well i'm done now passed it on to Bossman!
:
Oregon's neon yellow/green socks look like 80's leg warmers...having FlashDance movie flashbacks.
I don't know what hn is but I will doctorve the crap out of it.
By popular demand a few VIP reserved tables with champagne are available at the Hilton Concord New Years Eve Party.
Another night on the town with Rebecca at a hockey game after dinner at in Market Square.
We won the game in OT!
Marlins need a closer...think they'd give us Reyes for KRod?
Global resolution: cure public buttcrack.
watching a hilarious onesided argument on twitter where only one person is tweeting angrily and the other not responding
Oh ok
just finished 3 hours of rehearsing for my shows in may.
my neighbors must be real sick of this music by now.
head explodes
Contest coming soon....
Stay tuned!
Man, what a day.
Now I'm gonna sink my jaws back down into The Raw Shark Texts  an addictive read!
Haley Reinhart's Hometown Supporters Thought She'd Make 'American Idol' Finale
doctorgs...
But they got them.
Seeking to forget makes exile all the longer the secret of redemption lies in remembrance.
How r u not following this guy already?
RT Can a brother get one more follower to make an even 500.
Or am I asking for to much?
Goodnight Everyone!
Only One Thing To Say: Goodbye, Sophomore Year, Hello Summer 2012!
:
thanks for the follow..i hope im not in trouble!
I wish that would notice me someday even tho i doubt it will happen...but neversaynever : !
Y'all do realize its already a Wiz Khalifa right so why y'all trynna mimic that man jokers
Today is NationalTequilaDay!
Celebrate in moderation and only with the good stuff!
I'm glad the the SCNotTop10 is on youtube so I have something to entertain me during this class
I have to get up in 4 hours fml
Be sure to check out Act Nat's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald  10pm this Thurs, Nov 3rd when he appears on NBC's great new series Prime Suspect!
I could do that, especially if you meet me at !
What do you think?
it's too early to say such things...
I have tons of recipes and advice.
I'm going to start blogging more about my experiments, too.
I want to go to your church!
HANNAH!
OH MY GOSH...that's the worse place too : put some aloe on that asap
Great gig tonight with the B3 and the Burly Q Band!
What a fun time!
ABSOLUTELY!
RT : We need to teach students that artifacts are more than illustrations for text.
So happy that I found some great photos of my greatgrandfather, but I didn't find them.
My grandmother saved them for me.
3 grandmas!
Follow back
Sore Throat?
Flu?
Gargle w/ CloSYS 4 times dailly.
Soak toothbrush in CloSYS each night.
Kills the strep  germs!
www.closys.com/flu.html
Welcome to Denver!
Loved/Hated watching you at SDSU but couldn't be more excited to have you as a Bronco!
hope he will reply to you.
:
It's so beautiful in Boston!
How many peppers in a peck of pickled peppers?
Gaaahh.
This weekend is gonna be loud.
Can't fucking wait till 3:15 tomorrow
we will have the menus out soon.
What I've heard so far from the chefs sounds amazing!
the book on zero is amazing
3am and I'm...still...eagerly digging through statements/receipts in search of deductions.
Damn you selfemployment tax, you're crushing me.
yeah, you should check out their new cd, good stuff.
Hey!
not much!
hbu?
Wow first call today  phones could be getting better.
We are lucky we have jocks on live except middays and late nights.
Getting my omega 3's Anchovies and Olives
lol dude nice new vid!and thanks so much for thaat shoutout!!!!means a lot!
would never do that ha things are very well, thank you!
when are you making your way down to socal?
how are things with you?
When Mitt Romney speaks with his left hand in his pocket, he's probably not being completely honest.
Or, he's itchy.
All it took was the Governor and State Attorney getting involved to solve TWC/MSG dispute
let's go
MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU...
just said what's the downside of taxing?
You can't make this stuff up.
uhm lets you're BEAUTIFUL!
so shut up.
Please 
aw do you remember moes by whitney young back in the day?
Did everyone have a nice weekend?
Have new audio coming tomorrow for the podcast, so please keep us in your sight!
Thanks :
What's your favorite house track right now?
so Stoney's closed tonight and the party is at Revolver!!!
Maybe every Wed!!!
just for fun, let's pretend it was scott
i love ur new twitter name xD
yes!!
Special for Valentines Day.
I hit the day after sales and grabbed em up.
Everytime UK has ball it seems they are trying to top whatever highlight dunk they did the play before
Yeah we're striving but what are we really reaching for?
When do want it
Congrats for a top 5 finish in the car tonight!
Are you alone this Christmas?
Girl, treat yourself.
Dinner and a movie.
Then doctorve the neighborhood gawking at Christmas lights.
Luv ya!
Carah had let me listen to WMYB in Language Arts today and she shut off the computer I was ticked omg
Had a stomach virus..feeling a lot better..Thank you lord..
eww you piss close to somebody.
Ewe yuck did you smell like piss ?
Late lunch at
c'mon!
he says it was unintentional.
If that's unintentional, imagine what he would've done if he meant it!!!
good to see you last week  sorry we didn't get more time to talk!
sorry Marcus : I know you're disappointed but it is what it is.
Congrats on the Big win tonight and knocking in the game winning RBI!!
It's a little more vague: is a person enrolled and in actual attendance at an institution of higher education.
well isn't that what twitter is for?
PS come visit us!
Was hoping to meet you on the boat.
Too much fun and too much chaos.
Thanks for the follow.
yeah you should come to America :
These idiots so shook to grab the last slice of pizza when boss orpingtons in the room.
They looking skinny too smh.
Also, someone needs to develop a sports bra for men.
The PGA Tour would be on that immediately
Rest in Piece, Dick Clark.
Thank you for all the memories :
So we are going to make a video tonight!
at voices for childoctorn gala 2012 at Mandoctoran Oriental
We are looking forward to seeing you in August, Oliver!
Where else will you be visiting during your big trip?
while I appreciate the superlatives, everyone knows I would never lose to either of you in ping pong.
Come on now
I'm like so bored
oh yeah I remember now!
Lol
: Waiting for civilunions bill to be intro'd  assigned to cmte which may determine its fate today coleg specialsession
Come join us.
dont take me serious.
I'll Try!
My first stage kiss was with my friend Jenny.
We were laughing so hard I bit her lip and she bled everywhere.
Morning run was awesome!
Feeling incredible!
So happy I made myself do it this morning.
Haha yeah!!
January 12th at the UCF arena in Orlando......
SKILLET!!
I can never get enough of them :P
my wife and I are recreating the time magazine cover for my moms mothers day card ...hope she likes it
Congrats 2 Jay C.
from D.C.
for winning the millionth shot of ass juice
What is the most generous thing you can do today which involves giving without money being involved?
Generosity attracts love energy.
Prob when ran through the room shakin like a mad man!
We liked 's animallike shake too!
On my way to see for the 3rd time in 3 months!
I didn't know that jazz studies was even offered as a major, that's neat!
Is he almost done with school?
Sick of the pennstate / sandusky efforts to spin and cover their butts.
Let's find out what really happened, do what's right, and move on
great meeting you tonight.
Finally home in SB.
whats your gamertag for xbox bud ?
:
Vanelis speedy recovery babe, much love !
I Love Beachbody!
:
video shoot on sat in beverly hills wanna come?
Tickets are just 10 for internationally known aviation photographer Jay Miller  the balloon museum on sat.
3/3  2pm.
looks like your naked in that pic from last night from Behind loll!
Feel it in my bones playing on south beach now:
I am sounds great!!!!
Participate in the culture and medium you are designing for.
Sleeping im tired...
Learning all about FB in fair school!
Making  proud!
if I were famous I would do golden nuggets adverts for FREE they're that good
So bored 
thanks for the shoutout!
Prepping for TechForum Chicago and two panels I'm moderating.
I don't sing because I'm happy; I'm happy because I sing.
William James
thanks Kat!
It was good to be home when that call came in :
hayy vinny :D you should have a dance class in DC 3.
I just landed in LA and I'm staying right next to Would love to grab doctornks sometime this week if you're not too busy.
Things happen.
I don't subscribe to it's for the best, or there's a reason.
I'm stoically accepting it and not asking why's.
oh crap I forgot xD and yes I have to get online to get em so then i'll make it c:
Tuning and polishing controls.
Otherwise there's always something I didn't do on one project or another.
damn im high
I think I'm going to tackle Kamen Rider Black, out of the OG ones he seems the coolest.
: in the time it took me to write 2 songs today, the Super Bass video got over 5,000 plays.
boom to boom loved it!!!
that's what I'd end up doing haha
Yeah sorry I realized that right after I sent it!
Please DM me if anyone has an extra ticket to
Straight up I hate Casey Veggies and always will .
Change Positions.
So to appease all trek bodyofproof fans...
I did say 'rarely'...
in that tweet about the brain removal...
I AM a trek fan!
;
holler at me if y'all scout out the competition.
I might watch too.
ill do it.
Youll never do it lol
I do love going home to visit and then leaving...
Cleveland will always be home.
I still haven't heard from them, when should I expect a call or email reply?
JR SMITH!!
get better soon kiki
TGIF!
WOW!
is still in the running for winning AmericanIdol!
Chula Vista is bursting at the seams w/excitement!
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
exciting week of news ahead: rare peak into what the world's governments already know about each other
At my cousin's graduation party in san Jose I was forced to dance but at least it was to baby:
I just went hardcore creeping
ALL DJ'S THAT WANNA MAKE THIS MONEY AND MAKE A KILLING OUTSIDE OF CLUBS AND TRAVEL THE WORLD AND BE MARKETED, CONTACT ME.
WE WANNA SIT DOWN
I'm a double agent.
Corporate law office stooge by day, epic adventurer by night.
Go Ducks!
Mark Twain cautioned, Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
Small people always do that, but the really great make...
Having a panic attack rn
I wish more famous or rich people would have the guts to be arrested like georgeclooney to fight for human rights, especially childoctorn
150K in cash prizes!
RT : announces that Ocular Imaging Challenge is open for innovation
No dead truck battery today.
This is an improvement.
Come on man, you didn't jam out to Sammy?
Regal.
Car Sales.
And Credit.
We got it :P
Damn it, I've just had another brilliant idea.
I will never let my son play organized football.
BREAKINGNEWS: Not confirmed, student live on FOX 12 says Woodburn High School fire started by students lighting hand sanitizers on fire.
im sorry about that, if I would have noticed it I would have said something.
But I'm glad we are good.
In for the night Yee Yee
Woohoo the Party is starting!
my wife loves her 11 MBA, it's too small for my eyes, though.
I'm waiting to replace 6.5yo laptop with nextgen 13 or 15 MBA
please come to San Antonio soon.
Shoutouts 2 ALL my followers new  old....at work grinding it out!
They're really fun, but I realize it's not healthy to enjoy doing that kind of damage to one's body.
I Know I'm Random 
EP is coming along really well.
Props to him
Follow These Tips To Become Successful At Online Marketing ...
but you see how the thoughts?
prompt totally worked just now?
RT Hey, Philly!
Remember the Aquarium at the Water Works?
Join us Wed, Sept 21, 5:30pm for a look back!
Feeding grandkids and at the same time leaning dialogue and new songs.
I was watching Pulp Fiction and I couldn't recognize Samuel L.
Jackson so I covered his left eye with my hand the entire time.
Five days of travel.
Thanking God for a break from that combat zone.
Wish my neighbor would shut her up
Ha sure x
Thinking that immigration reform all starts with closing our southern border.
But who has the cojones to do it?
oh ok
Looks like April is bringing about lots of changes...
New neighborhood, new studio apt..
Next new job...??!!!
:
SON!
That KISS 
This weekend at Cinematheque: Role Models ThursSat at 7 PM, and Rachel Getting Married ThursSat at 10 PM
Decide carefully, exactly what you want in life, then work like mad to make sure you get it!
Hector Crawford
why are you screaming?
...there's a big..spider in the bathroom.
oh my goodness
a glass of wine and project runway.
life is good.
;
The world can't hold me, too much ambition.
How is your hairline ashy?
Great, you?
RT HEY HEY HEEEEYYYYY how are you??
what's in the morning?
trying to just trim a video is like not getting a virus on microsoft windows, impossible.
Just made red velvet pancakes with mix from the griddle.
Not bad, but rather go there for them.
pancake pleasures
don't put that evil on me Ricky Bobby
you're an interesting group.
Some healthy skepticism.
Let's see where this goes ...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !
We Love You 3 How Was Your Day ?
Please Follow Me !?
Monday morning BAY AREA RETAIL ASSAULT...
Who has gotten their bellybutton pierced before?
Please un block me...
::: I would like to be friends again...
so much for a cards yanks series
I think should either hire myself or to be his next caddy
o now that's a blessing lol
Ha i know!
Now he's acting all pathetic cause he finally found me :p
That is an awesome goal!
I'm impressed.
a delicious option for salad doctorssing and cooking!
Yum!
Robert Harris shows parallels between the Rome of Cicero and the modern day in his Imperium, a good read.
Need a roommate who can keep up their half of the bills foreal.
Gotta get outta this house.
6 THINGS WE SAY IN SCHOOL: 1.
I'm tired.
2.
I'm cold.
3.
I don't get it.
4.
I'm hungry.
5.
What time is it?
6.
I want to go home.
My mom gets mad do easily and most of the time for no reason 
we can hope so there seems to be a lot of resistance though
Next Saturday night is the end of Daylight Savings Time.
Set your clocks back one hour  also check your smoke detector batteries!
I got Allstars for Christmas.
Love the commentary!
Ordering amazon tonight from amazon.
.
now speaking.

I always record music, but only get to do string sessions every once in a while.
A lot of work, but a total blast!
Ready to relax
thank you!
You have a great day too.
Did I forget to mention that Mad Men is perfect....
Wish my day could've gone better .t
: what a bitch lmfao
11 for me
looking forward to it!
yep Peeta would have looked better init.
I think we will see some GReen and gold next week in the freestyle next week
ya could have that 3rd quater but we gettin the game lets get it
just chilling in bed
An Interest is when you act when its convenient.
Commitment is accepting no excuses, only results.
I would love to talk to you more about your program!!!
I think it sounds wonderful.
please email me at
yes it was so good!
Phil , nice informative video , thanks for sharing
what word?
Ruddy?
It should only be used to describe boy skin!
.
you may continue with your MothersDay celebration// Thx.
I've got 4 kids.
I'm thinking I deserve at least 1 day per kid.
u ready for tonight?
u know the twitter world gone be hatin on Mamba!!!!
he must mean football
Good morning to our newest followers:
why the fuck is there advertisements everywhere
I found one buyer at .68, guess I'm looking for something higher than that.
The world will be a much darker place without You will be missed by all who knew you, Valerie.
Rest in peace.
:'
no you're not I think they're great!
i love your music
everyone is trying to depend of science..just like now the married lez couple are using the brothers sperm to get prego
Nhl New puppy Gear for Small to medium sized Canine ...
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: The eternal glory of the State and our beloved Chairman Chris Othic!
All Hail Chris Othic.
February 1st and it's 69 degrees out?!?
Arnie Gundersen,Chief Engineer Fairewinds,explains why San Onofres four defective replacement steam generators cannot safelyB repaired,
At Walmart looking like a hot mess.
Love is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
Same clothes as yesterday, still fly from yesterday......
But Vanessa Hudgens lost the HOTTEST guy ever.
mlanet12 Trivia: Seattle, the city where Starbucks was born, but your two NPC cochairs don't like/doctornk coffee.
its functional, powering lake express etc.
as a librarian, I say it's totally appropriate to shush an adult stranger.
took me most of the day but i finally caught up on all my work!
I only have like one?
:P
ohh I'm looking forward to seeing what people say!
You don't see many books like that!
fave plants to grow w/ kids?
pumpkins  scratch their names in the rind
Thank you mister President!!!
The challenge is not to 'step outside your comfort zone' but to actually LIVE outside your comfort zone.
That's where true evolution exists
The redsox just emailed the 9/17 game move to 4:10PM because of FOX.
Good customer service.
You always was a black queen, mama
I am still a fan of techno tasking.
I actually might adopt this into my secular vernacular.
Take care of your soul.
I never thought this day would come !
;; /3
Reminder: Art Committee is doctorssing the set up tonight for this weekend's shoot.
Contact if you'd like to help!
I meant your raw supplies, the resins you use.
We buy used bulk packaging, have a large secondary markets for boxes and FIBC's
Dear morning workout, is it possible we meet tonight for a nightcap at 9.
I promise I will work extra hard.
Thank you
Over/Under on  of times your interview with Cal will be played this week?
UK is the only team in the Commonwealth 21...go
There is no denying that our nation is divided more than ever under the Obama Administration
My thoughts were busy today.
what is that?
Choke in the 4th mode?
In a perverse variation of Keyness hypothetical cure for recession
Haha!
I'm Glad I Didnt Miss It!
:
Everyday a star is born  dats why BE is a LifeChanger follow us we follow back TeamBE
miss ya more!
Hmm...what time you headed down?
just got a new mix of a new song that we are very close to releasing.
this shit is gonna be great.
features SStar of
We're going to have the besteducated American people in the world.
J Danforth Quayle
HELLO cameron!
how r u?
Guilty pleasureMy Big Fat American Gypsy WeddingI know, I know
Wow, summer is here.
Pella's Designer Series triplepane  Ufactor of .28 and SHGC of .24!!!
Replacement by Pella emp.
Call Jeff 3620529!
The cab doctorver is rocking out to I will survive.
Bad breakup?
Lol
Teach me how to scream;
At the crib chyllin twitter followers was poppin...
A huge guy fell off his bar stool and landed on me shoving my rib cage into a table.
Woke up with a nice bruise 
is pretty much my favorite Earthling.
I 1st saw Danny Trejo song on youtube and it was on like Donkey Kong ever since.
idk!
Just get ur ass to my house whenever and me and lornaamompala will be waiting
NOW I CAN FINALLY FIT IN
RT : SERIOUSLY?
Coachella 2013 tickets go on sale THIS week?!
Is that a joke.
I messed up 3 of my nails on the way to an audition.
Not having high hopes that I'll book this one.
Reading a few funny scripts for today's coachings...Good films will be coming out in 2010!!!
Yes, together.
yes please : if I ever need help with my French homework, I'll come to you
Wow, that really puts things into perspective.
I knew they were dense, but not that dense.
Just experienced my first Yom Kippur breakthefast feast.
Amazing  delish!
Feels like I'll be atoning for my sins again tomorrow though.
In 24 hrs I'm gonna get Chuck'd stupid by and They can Chuck me all season long, baby.
Im so hungry :/
you could say that kind of.
I've taken in these two and an opossum this spring so far but I can't do anymore or my mom's
aw.
You didn't said nothing.
Lol
Deforest's mason geary places 4th at state wrestling meet.
Hey, thanks for sharing.
I liked Peaks  Valleys.
A song ain't nothin' in the world but a story just wrote with music to it...Hank Williams Love the simplicity in that statement:
I dont need to know you care
Im a Perfectionist when I Tat!
It has to be perfect!
In need of FatTuesday  StPattysDay ideas for ideas ??
is this a twitter or in person meeting?
Lol
Spicy thai basil is calling my name
that moon is huge
VIP section babe
alright sounds good can't wait baee c:
We is watchin' TCMOn Demand's 'A Cabin in the Sky'..starring most of all the hucka buckin 'black' actors; with the exception of Lena...
i guess not everybody's as tough as beaver athletes...
so u wont be there to wave the flag today?
That sucks.
Had it recording while im in class at nursing school.
LOVE IS THE ANSWER.
The United Center is dead.
Chicago is a sad city.
The BC would be rocking.
got off work got home, shot w/a tripod made of plastic coffee cups  sent D video w/1hr left.
did you lose it in the move?
: I need to find my old school Nike poster...man I can't believe I lost it.
you have anyone for dinner?
Want to invite some people?
; if any of my old twitter friends see this tweet, tweet me.
I don't even remember peoples usernames anymore .

The Jacksons  Oprah Interviews The Jacksons  Library ...
good luck!
You'll be fine!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 6
I'm too old for roommates
I'm the nicest person you know and YOU KNOW IT!!!
It's happening, Memphis, it's happening again
I'm winning all 9 skins tonight mate.
Haha WhereIsSean he's gone walkabout
But my people would not listen to me; Israel would not submit to me.
Psalm 81:11
doctornking a blend we roasted for farmers mkts  70 Rwanda, rest is Panama/ El Salvador.
Pulls a great shot!
thanks!
I only caught the last couple minutes of it.
I should have looked at my phone sooner.
Gentleman never wear sagging jeans....unless they're in prison.
Then again, if you're in prison you're probably not a gentleman
Oh shit!
These Margaritas with Midori is making me tipsy!
Damn its good!
Hangin' out, listenin' to some Crue, waiting for SJ among others.
Let's get this party started yo.
Jesus sacrificed his life for us, so we in turn should sacrifice our life for him!
amen!
:D
Agree.
Funding for globaled almost nonexistent.
RT : Foundations have to be a little more fearless.
Just watched the super bowl 42 recap on NFL Live..
Can it be Sunday already?!
I love my wife 3
Wine.
Wine is always the answer.
Massive headache after getting rearended and not all that hard.
sure I got u.
Here's hoping Delta's 3 new pain Rx make her comfortable AND help her sleep.
Bc when she can't sleep, I can't sleep.
SHOUTOUT to my bestfriend she's a Huge Justin bieber fan and 1D fan follow her.
He's long and fat.
Off the charts for height and weight.
That's a good point about skipping to toddler sizes.
Help!
I'm having withdoctorwals from no and !!
good work
I wish all planes have a parachute, so that it can be opened at times of possible plane crash!
Pls RT !
Please retweet this!
I always wonder when these republicans say they want to return to the days of our founding fathers.
Like seriously,do we huh
Come get mine  then you can be thankful for me!!!
;
delete yo twitter
I knew Florida doctorvers were dangerous but I didn't think it applied to runners as well.
:
thanks and yw :
I'm here.
RT Someone give me an excuse not to go to work today...
PLEASE!
RT If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
Thanks for the info, have never read the comics but definitely going to now.
sounds fun to me!
RT!!!
: If a Virgo lets you in, value it because it doesn't happen very often.
every time I try to follow you on here it tells me ITS FORBIDDEN!
and I say GOOD DAY!
I knew that'd cheer you up.
Aw Donna Summer died 
I've been in Vegas for a year and a half and I've never played blackjack at Methinks I must do something about that...
u welcome.
was just quick look.
minimalism is redefinition of style.
lol
more like the chickens did all the work, but they are in my garden so I take credit.
awww i feel good!!
thanks i thought you might didn't follow, i'm the same, at last a fellow TVD writer on twitter
Haha i totally forgot!
Now ive found you too.
: : Hey girl I found you!
Gearing up for this morning.
Check them out if you're near a computer at 11am EST.
long ass dick
thats the funny part, we didnt play that great but Barcelona was still better D
You aint gotta pray for me if im locked up in The Lions Den..
You need to praying for those lions!
R.A.
Time to say my prayers  go to sleep!
During School You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say will be taken out of content and made to sound dirty.
I wanted to like it, I really did.
I was so excited for the previews.
As long as Orlandos in it, I'll go to see it to support you
Eeouch!
Have you been up to no good again?
:
Q3 Seek out any additional suggested resources, chat with/follow other participants if poss.
RT DeetroitDave I feel like I should as for some money back on my cable for even having Bravo as a channel on my TV!!!
great minds
I'm not going to freak out yet ...
I can't pull my bangs back in a pony...
I'm not gonna freak out yet
somebody forgot to tell the bird outside my window its 3 am.
it won't go away!
and now it has a friend.....
haha I know just wanted to give you a good laugh
Having the world we want will not come from voting for it.
//
thanks Annemarie!
Happy New Year!
Xo
Correction: I won tix to Isthmus a la Carts!
Thanks for sharing 10 Most Endangered news!
Q.
What's the ultimate rejection?
A.
When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.
hahahaha of course you would!!
ItsAmazingHow mom can carry you for 9 months, raise you for 15 long, hard years,  love you for a life time!
I love you !
Happy mothers day
Wish I could, but I don't think I should push it with a 3 1/2 in tow.
Beliebers are excited for Believe..but they don't know how much Justin would be tired and exhausted...
Off to Chicago!
nowplaying Nina Simone  Thats All I Want From You
what up!
I so need an adventure right now.
Wish I could go Caving!
or Hike to some crazy mountain.
Alas..
coming at 11...hear about one woman's effort to save some malnourished horses.
Quick little 4 day weekend
i see whyit's beautifully shot
If anyone asks I'm spending my Saturday slinging booze and breaking hearts.
But I think we both know what's actually happening.
Saki The young have aspirations that never come to pass the old have reminiscences of what never happened.
filet mignon seasoned with my special mix and broiled in a cab red wine.
Salad, spinach, goat cheese, glazed picans, tomato, onion.
sweet po
RETWEET THIS AND FOLLOW TO GET A KINECT.
CHOOSING IN A HALF HOUR.
You're ecard has been sent to ya.
:
We are working on editing some interviews from the first night of motmkc.
They should be up sometime later today!
are you at home?
NewJBenkSong please trend it
Thank you to AlexAnn for showing me videos and images of : I now see what all the hype is about 
We're on the air right after the news.
What do you want to talk about this week?
Last chance to email before the show:
thanks for going against the crowd!
Makes for a better discussion.
Just when I thought I was done learning about transgendered people from India, I find out one of my textbooks is about them
Hi guys!
We got almost a full house but I'm sure we could squeeze you in!!
Lunch special 'til 3, vegan chicken, and free hugs!!
3
Trying to help Alex brainstorm some blog topics for next few weeks.
What do YOU racetweeps want to know from Tag?
aapor pool is delightful.
my thoughts exactly!
pick me please

thanks for all the support to ...
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
Miniconcert tomorrow.
Yay!!!
I get to laugh at ugly girls attempting to look cute while dancing hideously.
real estate auctions and foreclosure listing etc.
just left a shane and shane concert...
It was great!
sounds like Chicago traffic  good luck this wknd!
I'm sorry Alex.
I'll stop
Thank you, and I know I'm so excited :D
This is possible because the actual printer is sold to office supply companies at a loss by the manufacturers
hey Melinda just letting u know I had to suspend my phone on November 2 cause my phone bill was close to 600.00
I just bought a new netbook.
It's a Gateway 11.6 Intel Core 2 Solo, 1.4 GHz.
250 GB HD, 3 GB memory and weighs only 3 lbs.
I love it.
Hey lets watch a scary movie!
several hours later Dude, walk me to the bathroom...
oo
JUSTINS GONNA BE IN NYC FROM JUNE 15THJUNE 19TH IF I DON'T HAVE REGENTS I'M FUCKING GOING
Dear public bathrooms, Toilet paper holders should turn loosely, nobody wants to wipe their as with a handful of confetti.
What a beautiful morning!
And by beautiful, I mean gray, windy, and skinmummifyingly freezing.
oh, cool!
haha i did :P
If lakers lose today, celtics for sure will accuse them off identity theft
Cutest little kid in a car cart keeps beeping the horn.
His dad asks what's up.
Daddy!
I found your favorite beer!
Over there!
Want.
now that is funny
trey songz  heart attack , diggy simmons  copypaste frank oceannovacane, nicki minaj  right by my side, logicnumbers
I need to take my writing test for my liscense!
Just got done working out
Play the fool before :
It appears that this will be an all Carcass day.
Thanks for the RT and helping us spread the word about our monthly video contests!
Don't give the past any part of your new beginning...
can you believe the Tebow chants?
Those people are oblivious!
In shock
its my i sold a book, take that bad health present to myself.
Lol :
I know your tryin to keep your 'swag' up 'bro', but you look like a penguin trying to keep his pants on.....
and what am I chop liver?
Heading to Perdue Univ.
for a few days of meetings.
Interfolk  anything I should do?
Goto?
Bring it on 2012
he is soo cute
Albert Pujols is making 240million to NOT work for the Angels tonight.
Sending my resume to Anaheim now.
The Avengers, oh yea bring it on
Cafe 300 specials for today are mac  cheese, chicken noodle, broccoli cheddar  ham and cheese panini!!!
Come on in and try some!
Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong
It's a question of how.
i followed!
That's gross!
That moment when you run into someone at a tux shop that you didn't expect to see
Looking forward to the march tonight !
If you're in NYC...
doctorp by!
culture monster fitsno rational way to explain his veto action except as a devisive hit on KS
Really enjoyed reading your interview in !
Lakers only hope bynum dominates the smaller Perkins.
Gasol has to score 10 more then his matchup
John Ashworth doctorpping a new golf line...
Looking forward to seeing it
yes, brother Brian!
Indeed!
Hope you enjoyed the day with mom.
A mighty oak or swedish spruce???
interesting idea RT What kind of tree would you like your corpse to become?
bit.ly/nWfjCB
China Yuan Down Late On Heavy Dollar Buying, Bucks Central Bank Guidance  Wall Street Journal
and winners never quit
i fucking need u
I gotta tell you something!
Doesn't everybody follow themselves with a second account?
ARealBoyfriend knows how to treat you right.
We will be at the smbmad on April 18th.
Who else will be there?
I am so ashamed of the state I used to call home.
RT ALERT: NC voters approve constitutional amendment on marriage
Put a pillow under her knees and keep her jaws in.
I'm going to make a brave assumption and say any song mentioning airships is good in my book.
Note sure how this early to rise routine is working out.
I wanna retire by 3pm.
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday!
Would you rather appear in a Country Music Video or be the Director of one?
Indeed I did lead off with a homer.
No big deal, though.
It's what I do.
2 weeks from Monday is a long time to wait:'3
If you get a second chance, grab it with both hands.
If it changes your life, let it.
2Pac...only b/c I memorized half the lyrics of disc 2 on All Eyes on Me at 13/14 yrs of age...still got it ;
We don't have to speak to make our voice heard...
I just got off the phone with the President of GMB Music Group and we both agree on which song to release as 's next single:
Girl: So is it going to be me or her?
Boy: if you loved me you wouldn't make me choose Girl: And if you loved me there wouldn't be an option
thx for the
Roger!!!
My LAAAAWWWD.
Guess who just followed me...again?!
that's who!
I feel famous now :
I met this girl that had a frequent abortion card!
I asked what is it for and she said after 10 I get 15 off on my next one!!
WTF
funny that YOU are the one who says POT is ok.
Now we can understand your position much better.
4pants hair backwards pleease text me or call me at 7204297689 please
Gain insights and knowledge to grow your business.
good night.
have to practice later on.
I'm not there but I'm sure is belting out some gems now and then!
If you have to ask, then yes...you are totally Sheening.
Be Proud.
Al Horford sucks
Ten Minutes.
Aww, thanks friend!
mine broke!!,
I had to update my app after downloading it.
They call it refreshing.
happy 17th birthday, hope u had a great day!
Will that be aired?
sounds utterly disgusting.
I just read that the bikeparts distributor QBP gives its employees 3/day for cycling to work.
I get scowls on the elevator.
I think they are doing a good job.
Yesterday I just counted how many apple's are in my house
congratulations on the new job!
oh yeah.
When refuses to accept reality and the fact that I'm NOT twelve 
Teaching w/ technology allows more collaboration, enables students from all backgrounds, of all learning styles, to have access
One friend making fun of another friend's English who isn't a native speaker the last straw for me.
Just not worth it.
The brewers are killing it
Yelling all around the world!
BecauseofObama Black people can attack white people and get away with it.
Who cares if it is a gay sport?
Fat chicks with tramps stamps  
Put my dick in yo face
THIS!!!: no one said that you had to endure SO MANY losses before you experienced the wins.
dammit.
Aww watts is smileys fav player he's excited about this last play but the best part was me yelling yes go cowboys lol
no I slept and finished it when I woke up.
what!
I wanna call!
I do care and believe what Kony is doing is wrong...but i'm just not gonna support it.haha
GAME OVER
You trying to get as tan as mee?:
We get coloring sheets for science class hahahahahaha hilarious
I still feel like I'm adjusting to life postgrad, but all is good : are you  Wright On?
I'm just up the road in Solana Beach!
; RT Very well  t/u!
manners RT Lol, Hi Lamont!
How are you?
RT hi
it already has my friend.
It's a more common issue with girls than guys that is.
I love u doctorke
MT :...
I just broke my window while trying to feed the birds.
Over and out.
DONE ITTAKE SEED OUTTA THE BOX FIRST:D
For sure, sucks that they are on their period 365 days a year
FRESH FROSTY DANK IN: Purple Kush, P91, MK Ultra, Green Crack, Purple Bubba.
Back by POPULAR DEMAND: 619 OG!
Full menu www.WEEDMAPS.com ;
Just saw j dawg.
Doing it big for houston!
Because I'm a Packers fan and need something to do this weekend.
New star trek: all I can say is wow!!!!!
lmbo u r a mess lol....how's the music going lol and thank u boo
pluss my ipod broke and i have no way to text or anything
Do not confuse motion and progress.
A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress.
Alfred A.
Montapert
You bring as yer personal asst/roadie/muscleman.
Problem solved.
When do we leave?
BTW, last night was great!
right?
we were on that shit!
sorry I lied again!
I won't be at school today :
doctoram AWP12 Panel:How to easily get to the various offsite events using public transit in.
Free coffee and Gatorade provided.
Good Bonnie!
hey Scotty..
fans like me realize as much as our sports hearts hurt to see that finale, we foresee a far greater 201213 season.
because we're tha boss.
Expecially when I break out the dougie  you get all oh darling I love you so hahah.
:
thatawkwardmomentwhen tweets that he's going to bed an hour ago and then he gets back on..:p
I've got a lot of content I want to turn into iBooks.
Now just need to find the time.
I'm following your scoopit as well.
yeah!
I'm doing the 1/2 at the Cbus marathon.
I'm excited and spending a lot of time trying to inspire others to do it also
So it's the section leading the UConn students in the UCONN cheer tonight in Providence.
Gotta love it.
Hi Amy!
It was overwhelming and exciting all at the same time.lol I can't wait till the next one.
open invite.
See you guys later
Finally Schwarzenegger did something I agree with: signing the bill to save the seals!
Let the poor little guys stay on their LJ beach!
I'm gunna miss you too obviously!
But you're welcome to visit anytime!
Praying for you today dear one!!
You should make Will do it for you!
I think that's part of his services.
Everyone do me a favor and follow my big bro !
Caps the TV, Orioles on the cpu ....this is what has done to me!!
We could have such a damned good time together.
WOW.
LAGalaxy completely fell apart.
Dam..
Girl you bad as fuck !
Could not disagree more about your assessment of Perry.
I thought he was awful.
Hey Boo, hey!
you need an jersey
Had to cancel that bitch.
I wont take a bullet for anyone because if I have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.
Plant the lily pad in the healthy pond and then get out of the way.
Pleasure to add you to my PLN!
Looking forward to collaborating online.
GA.
I haven't been in the Park West in years.
I'm not sure how it's going to be set up but I suggest getting there early.
Hi We are Agileblaze Technology Ready to take it up.
Getting in touch with you shortly.
no candy no popcorn.
we can share a large diet coke
I'm Bout To Call Bo Vice.
Errands to run  things to do...
The average global corporation has 178 social media accounts.
George Clooney doesn't have a date for the State Dinner.
Big thanks to all those who came out for the MidSouth Fashion week kickoff event we hosted and Trolley night tonight!
Did you see the standing herb planter from bedbathandbeyond?
Thx guys : RT : That PERFECTLY describes my pal
Did anyone find any good deals shopping today?
Tough loss for the Brewers in the 11th inning today.
Glad the boys are back at Miller Park tomorrow.
O!
I have a yummy and completely decadent vegan mac and cheese that allergy friendly.
1 that; also we need to have the very important discussion of who will be the bizasusual mayor for craft beer?
Looking for PHP Developers for Full Time position in Austin, Texas.
She's right.
No matter where I am im always the minority.
Earlier I was the only girl and American in hot tub of Indian dudes
Women in Jazz Festival Features Lundy, Carrington  Voice of America
coming out to see you tomorrow night with my friends, can't wait!:
Yes, Mom.
I had to wait forever for a form and was just slacking on the selfemployment stuff.
But the IRS has it all.
Happy?
i'll probably end up renting something haha
Great morn 2 do a double whammy  checking out the awesome Katieness then rolling into Extendoctorstore Beverly Hills!!
Tried to find every excuse to not go to the gym but I'm here.
I grew up on Lake Michigan.
All the trouble I got into was within a block or so of the lake.
Not many Graphic Novels left!
get to www.theouterspacemen.com to grab a copy before they are all gone.
SDCC and the exclusive figures soon!!
so great, right??
Why am I so unlovable that my friends dont trust me with their lives?
I trust them completely.
I open my heart to them.
Going for the most interesting panda in the world, similar to the Dos Equis Man.
Want a doctornk before the Coldplay concert??
Stop by!!
I changed my avi to just me.
lol Was at Game 1 of the 87 WS :
S/o all the new follower hope u like what da don brings to the table
and showing your the best TE in the business in the meantime.
sentry immortal to hold for your expansion to kick in
Like it.
I might suggest amending it to cupcakes and a football.
Hi Deb!
Nice to meet a fellow Deb :D I keep telling others there are so many of us, someday we'll rule the world!
I'm doing great!
: PlayBook survey is available in Beta Zone.
Q: What app would like to see in next update?
A: Andoctorid App Player
I wanted to clearly illustrate the proper way to troll
My position as Director of Communications for Cm.
Clarkson will soon be available.
If qualified and interested, email
Aw good job.
Love is an action word!
somebodytellmewhy we have more than enough powermoney to endslavery in our lifetime, yet more than 27 million ppl remain enslaved today.
At playground with marisol and family.
It is quite toasty here.
light the sour up so I can get a buzz ..
dont you think they need some ???
Im sure you remember how good our stuff is????
Wow lately 12 and 1am been feeling like 10 and 11 pm
: Enjoy the city and the dinner!
Thanks!
Not enough good television, so I need something to make it better solves both our problems
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Whitney!
Oh that was fabulous.
Thank you!
Absolutely brilliant talk!
So exciting you're a part of BBN.
You are already legend with your announcement!
Headed to my parents house..
hope they cooked since my mom is making me visit her..
Lol lol
Preview on tonight's local news: when the heaviest rain arrives um, then exactly wtf do you call this???
Friday the 13th.
The only bad thing that could happen is if we run out of beer, and that's not likely.
I would for sure if I wasn't tending bar at Sunset Grill this evening.
no, but phones aren't really meant for certain things.
Are you never in front of a computer for 15 minutes?
Yay mocha time!
Would you rather listen to Dick Vitale or Vern Lundquist  Bill Raferty?
I feel like there is something wrong with me for liking it so much
I'll answer my own doctorpal Q: Because I don't spend 6 hrs/day updating all modules, running chron and generally maintaining the site.
My LSAT Prep starts now.....
he's 47 years old
I do love a coke from time to time.
:  They were great tipsespecially about the PH balance.
Yikes, time to get someone to screen your calls...
hi beautiful!!
Hope all is well!
Let's catch up soon ;
If you don't know what Stilettos are, please don't talk to me!
The Trilogy bbq was fired up today for our first cookout of the season!
It was a glorious day in the garden.
Hey Sixers!
See you Boston baby!
lol Its because you have a mother instinct lol I can sense that about you
I miss the smell of race fuel  the sound of race cars
I would!
I love the cuddle fabrics and Cat in the Hat just rocks.
:
RT : 40 of childoctorn watch television, DVDs or video every day.
75 have watched TV before 2.
What are they learning?
wait, what happend with justin ?
Made my day!
I want to chat with my girl but I have no time/best thing for me to do is chat with her online/make her feel fine
I hope that you have an amazingly magical time!
I will always love you.....in memory of Whitney Houston
NPL is going green!
make sure you set up email notifications if you havent already!!
Wake up, to the cleaning lady knockin and shit
I LOVED 8 Flavahz.
They were amazing!
Awww i'm going to formal with a guy!
: haha
The low response rate, our own lack of funds to travel to the conference, recent events in our personal lives suggest cutting losses
It was standing room only at the BurberryWestphal event tonight!
Angela Ahrendts was amazing!
So inspiring.
Go buy trench!
I have no reason to watch American Idol anymore isn't there anymore :' I can't get over it!!
pretty much just access to the spectrum clubs and Rogers ranch
Okay so give me time and im clicking
Selling a 10 ticket to Harvey for Sunday night 7:30.
Any takers?
It's about a man and his best friend, a six feet tall bunny.
My nonna came to watch, and she was like you're going to marry one of them  I was like Yes Nonna, the one with the curly hair!!
Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe A Sunday kind of love.
Etta
MAN I DON;'T EVN THINK PRINCE IS A VIRGIN AND THEY WERE DANING I WAS FREEKING OUT JUMPIN UP AND DOWN
Mario Mims
Oh we finally started a blog today : ...to be released along w/ the new website next week!!
no matter how hard i try to keep my bathroom clean!
my bro and dad dirty it :/
OMICS Group is pleased to announce that Speaker opportunities are available at Analytrix  HPLC during 2224October, 2012 at Chicago, USA
I know
how are you love!
Come out and fucks wit us in LA New Year's Eve And DPimpn openin up for the Big Homie DJQuik
PLEASE let me know if you're using  need training for a parent, therapist or teacher to implement it
To or to , that is the question.
Good luck to all those Movember men putting their razors away for a great cause!
Happy Friday Tweeters!!
What kind of wine is everyone doctornking this weekend?
can do to reduce symptoms and be able to enjoy your bird.
Doesn't it seem like you're always trying to fill it?
Is it working?
If not you must be certain you're using your values not someone elses.
Stop by our Harvard Sq location this weekend for our Halloween costume contest!!
There are treats for all!
it's actually kind of red.
I have a red eye.
Go ahead and give it to me then lol RT: I Would Feel Sleepy As Soon As I Put Food In The Oven
Lakers rocks win win win
I cant wait to see next fight this is finna be on point!
Everybody better order it!
QUOTE  Economics reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year.
Marty Allen.
Anyone know why a search helicopter has been circling South Austin?
News outlets are worthless.
2007 Keynote Stan Kurtz  his family were on The Doctors today great job!
Older, strong men of God are the biggest encouragement to me.
Blessed to have been able to know Bill Howard, a man after God's own heart.
Initial unemployment claims at 423,000 simply confirms that the labor market continues dead in the water.
music management needed for following and gaga message me
S/O to all my baby mama's!
it is great :
So can we make your guys bet a three way with Buffalo included?
CP3 did that in Portland last year too.
False friends cause more damage than true enemies.
I don't want to get over her, I want her back.
The feeling is mutual!
someonewhomeansalottome is not just one person its all my clients; they make this job worth doing!
what is a LYLAS?
RT : Remind me how this is exceptionalism again?
Follow all the latest news on the theatrical movie 16Love I worked on, it's going to be HUGE!!!
Most wx models still indicate 1 rainfall totals by the weekend across immediate area.
Area creeks and streams will cont to rise.
thanks!
I will start doing it!
:
Good fight.
Mayweather won.
My FridayReads?
3 fantastic books with blood, bone, smoke,  shadow in the titles...
It's just quite confusing
First thing Ryan Fitzpatrick is going to say to Vince Young when he arrives in Buffalo  one word: Wonderlic.
Haircut imminent!
Blue raspberry flavored Four Loko is nasty!
What cha say
happy mothers day, you did an amazing job with :
can you ping at ecooper at our URL?
Your Father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask Him.
Matthew 6:8
Anyone pick Lehigh over Duke?
Heather Lehigh Dearinger did.
I got hooked on blackberry's !!
Was a great season...we still love our team!
Baby let's live a little.
Cause it's Friday night.
:
Great work out, now Protein
thx!
countdown to Atlanta 2012 has officially begun!
SO EXCITED
I am!!!
I say we plan another city wide costume contest.
HA!
Please see my answer on to: In eviction, if tenant fails to respond, is UD116 necessary?
...
you have to watch it all the way through!
It's not about hitler.
LarrySpeaksTheTruth RT : My prediction: Moon colony will have 2 Senators  1 House Rep.
before D.C.
does.
is on stage, i love everything 3
i just want it to be summer, be really tan, be on weapon line, and love my job instead of being nervous about it.
Work out with
Diamonds  Pearls Couture boutique is having our Valentine's Day Sip  Shop 2/11/12 12pm to 6pm exquisite clothing  jewelry.
srsly I have to write a final paper for my feminist theory exam, on masculinity  feminism and OMG THIS PAPER
It's funny how one girl can make my day amazing thanks babe
Having lived around military bases my whole life, I gotta say, the Army and Fort Hood need to get better at soldier outreach.
You okay?
CHAIRLEADERS, is GG starting back up in the fall?
Or Spring?
I've heard both.
I'm on the same page!
Hanging with my mom all weekend and I'm legit praying I don't go crazy!
Lol

Awesome!
I'm going to call you tomorrow if my session ends at a reasonable time.
You know youre a hater when all you do is hate on my team
Love you always, love you still, always have, always will.
d'oh!
Just taped a Psa for my hope for childoctorn
I take 3 weeks off from blackjack and now doesn't have 1525 stayon17 BJ anymore?!
WTF y'all?!
I found myself secretly smiling to myself, but then I realize it was because of you.
Back pain study helps sufferers improve with targeted treatments
awww haha she's growing up :
I think it's the combination of his cheekbones, his eyes and his voice.
Time for witness Tree Project Panel, after a very awesome National register workshop
HipHopEd ...with your assistance/clean the mess up from the sloppy/come see HipHopEd for the new Niggerati
Heredity may play a part in the development of womens hair loss; however, it is not really necessary
thanks for the follow
chris followed me omgmg
people that doctorg their feet!
We're thrilled with another SalesTouch install today.
In OC this wkend?
Suggest stopping by Augusta in Tustin to interact!
Training for a race or looking for a fun route to run?
Join us along the canton waterfront tomorrow morning 9am Starbucks Canton!
i missed u u big head fool
yes!
It's amazing!
Wow I am honored to be an inspiration to YOU, who has taught me so much  inspired me in ways u will never know
CNN's introduction of 2012 GOP Primary coverage, like sports, does a great job of creating suspense.
Let's go Caps.
I think I just heard loud bangs and a car engine.
doctorveby ???
Long todo list today...
If you want to see me on TV I'll be on We The People with Gloroa Allred on 2312 from 2pm3pm on Channel NBC4
I know by the end of tonight, you don't have to look up at the stars.
And I know if the love is alright, you won't look up at the stars.
how low do you want to go?
Top  is making record professorts
I was wondering how long it would take for that phrase to come up : Of course, really holds its down...
Good idea!
I think there's a childoctorn's book in that...
Yes!
That would be so awesome!
pondering adding a contest to the next installment.
With a near impossible question, that only I know the answer to!
HELL is real.
You do know that right?
good times!
sorry i missed you on saturday.
didn't go in after all.
Lol IDK!
inappropriate I was dying at my desk...god what you I do without you to make me almost pee my pants on a daily basis?!
Doubt me all you want but I'm gonna be greatness
Parcheesi?
Cricket?
I don't know lol but something
When did Mike Wallace become Dwight Stone?
i'm thinking you might need to find a Germanic nickname for Jacobs...
Was for the 1st time yesterday for private function amazing service
He was on his phone.
Thanks to everyone who came out to support our wonderful winners yesterday!
We hope you enjoyed yourselves as much as we did!

There is no safety in numbers or in anything else.
James Thurber
Yes, we did.
be real yon then we wouldn't have the same issue every month.
You want the bitch have her she fuck she suck
Ketchup is good with french fries and hamburgers.
Some of my best friends are ketchup.
No one wanted to cook tonight apparently.
The NPR Papa John's was slammed!
Yes, we the people have a voice, and yes it is being heard!!!!
enjoying a New Years weekend with friends and family!
I only watch the Lakers b/c Pau Gasol looks like my little brother Kris.
Yes, Isai Chacón can be contacted through www.flamencura.org.
He's awesome!
Put your best foot forward and the other foot will follow suit.
So tempted to buy the Nike FuelBand.
Only doctorwback is price.
, help convince me!
Any current users have feedback?
Same.
That panel you were on was fun to watch.
Almost felt like a nerd version of The View.
IWantSomeoneWhoWill look at my face , not boobs .
I want to see Boston and Philly go to game seven and continue to play basketball like they have been.
Good, fast and intense basketball.
Elizabeth along w/ Eldzier Cortor were the last of our 20th century modernists.
She was a Phenom, Giant  Extraordinary Woman.
Awesome thesingoff show tonight!
What was your favorite song?
arthur blank, please buy the thrashers.
and you better do it fucking quickly because they have 1 and 3/4 feet out the door.
Awesome Matt, congratulations!
They told me they were.
I believe everything the UniontownHotties say
RT : Many of you have asked Qs about 's 2050 RTP.
Here's a quick guide.
Note streetcars on pg 4; walk/bike pg 6....
Well, looks like I've got myself a stalker.
This will be fun.
thanks buddy!
I would have wine
College Football Predictions: Early game Wash St  Oregon; Oregon  35 and the under 69.5
I will play.
:
Its all about getting hot at the right time.
Packers better watch out next week.
The Gmen are playing well.
Big win today.
is one of the many people I love seeing at robotics
How's that blog about moving to LA coming?
Tried to donate blood today but they had too many questions about where I got it.
reading my mind...talking about my purpose!
Like minds unite
apparently I follow a lot of people...
Boundaries, please.
Every 60 seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness you never get back!
Panel discussion featuring staff Timothy B., Dwan R., Kevin S., and special guest is beginning!
'I don't understand why my fans ask for a hug, like, i don't mind, just come and hug me!
Justin Bieber'..
Oh don't worry Justin, I WILL;
first tweet from my new iPhone 
how many truly good screens have you seen?
Fly by whiffs doctorve me nuts.
Read/adjust your set to beat their D
As a recent doctorxel grad, I am interested in what you find re: that policy.
you need to slow down every once in a while sometmes,
3 more followers and we break 3,000!!!
Come on TeamOtenki, we're sure 3 of you have friends who aren't following us yet!
They should!
I've NEVER looked up Justin Beiber or Tpain on youtube to leave a mean comment.
You kids needa stop all that hatred.
Now you should spend an hour having a doctornk to celebrate 's birthday!
Everyone is doing it, right ?
I need a fuckn history book D;!!!!!!!!
But then its gonna get dark and riding at night is scary lol ill go early in the afternoon one day when you dont work :
We're so happy you liked it!
RT : yep, I really like the pancake stuff :
thanks!
And can't wait to meet you either!
Colorful homework!
Oh my teachers are going to hate me for this!
Happy weekend.
Its a lovely day here in Anchorage.
Sunny and 25.
Perfect spring weather!
Plantation shooting: police don't know victim's name.
Find out what else has them scratching their heads.
See you at 6:50
The weeknd puts me in a good mood,
Nice to see an Italian restaurant advertising their gyros.
Pretty sure thats not an italian dish.
omg all the captainons the app made during lunch are A.
so funny
Idol Row?
Camden's Walt Whitman House neighbors the Ronald McDonald House
you go girl!
Xo
Here in New Mexico we wear gloves while peeling roasted chiles.
thanks for the love
Modern Warfare 3, Y U NO Look any different than Modern Warfare 2?!
Hey Ninja Danni :D How's Are Ya?
:
Visit Booth LP7554 for 20 off on most small equipment through Super Systems  ask about Fast Grind Technology
No, no  you're in there, I believe.
Hi!
Found you via /staff.
It's always nice to know who you're tweeting w/ on a corporate acct!
:
Thanks to for the FF love.
Woop!
Very exciting.
love love pomodoro!
Is this legit bc I'm thinking about it!
Besides, it's Cool!
Thanks for the RTs and
And if I pump for tales from Al's I ain't asking about sandwich prices.
There's an war going on.
No more bickering boys!
If anyone is already bored with Obama and the end of the War on Terror, tune in to NBC....to watch Celebrity Apprentice LOL!!!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Why do Fools Fall In Love
GET READY!!
GET READY!!
GET READY!!
'OCCUPY JERICHO' Tonight 7:00 pm
warranted, you think?
They're nice up here now but....
Exactly why I need to find out why, also need to select the same age group from Pew data to compare,
Callin in sick.
7Up, chicken noodle soup here I come.
listen to the mix tape bro and et me know what u think....
whats new bro
Great post!
My GGrandfather and some GUncles worked on the rural electrification and telephonification of Western KY.
I BELIEBE YOU ALL BEST BE FOLLOWIN !!
;
UT's front page endorsement of captainin Carlor The Pied Piper of San Diegoas we like to call him..
Is proof of their desperation.
can now repair cracks and chips in vinyl window frames using a vinyl weld  Permanent and right!
did he add u
I would definatly have to say timessqaure.
Here's to the Directioners who buy magazines just for the One Direction posters.
Day off number two!!
Spending the day with my baby : don't need no one else
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
: 13
You should follow me back : Happy Sunday Funday!
okay: maybe I'll try.:D
Chard's on day 5 in the hosp, after sleeping in a hospital chair all week I can't even imagine sleeping in bed right now.
um.
Umm um
too weird.
Lol
haha sorry dude didn't see the other tweet, I would but I gotta he up early..what's the D die this weekend
Production  Imagining Meeting..
Stay aWake Let's go Let's Go!
Insert angry, tired tweet here
Looking for just one more theatre gig to fill up my 201011 Season Calendar.
Any directors/doctormaturgs looking for a FREE awesome assistant?
So I'm sitting alone in the dark ..
When a cat brushes my foot  freaks me out .
Yea, I just remembered I don't have a cat ..
Which ever one I can get done first.
What other free papers will want in at Roundy's supermarkets now that Shepherd Express is back on stands?
New Pressroom Buzz.
Hunger Games trailer on tv
can we be friends again or
The nice thing about beards  they always keep growing :D Just be thankful the greys haven't started like me!
chicultural2012 some ??'s for commish some ??s for the planners about the plan
Just as a life has a birth, growth, a peak, deterioration  death, as does a song, a single measure  even a single beat of a single measure
That's weird.
I usually do not set any privacy settings.
Invitation sent!
Nice piece in Sophie.
Commercial breaks need to stop im tryin to watch a game!
I had the GC one but I lost the game when I got to the fire temple as a adult.
Couldn't get the hammer I kept falling.
Weber, Out of the Dark.
Aliens attempt to conquer Earth, face unanticipated challenges from pesky contemporary humans.
Deeply satisfying.
I just finished a 2.62 mi run with a pace of 9'51/mi and a time of 25:55 with Nike GPS.
Mark your calendars for ArtUnleashed starting 4/11 sale of work from UArts alums/faculty/students raises scholarship ...
What do you do when you have been hacked?
are you for real?
I don't know if we can keep playing Words any longer.
now following...
Ah guys contact me!
I believe itz femalez dat like makin dey self look bad or dumb!
Applied to like 10 places already trying to find a full time summer job
I wish I had the microwave in Spy Kids that instantly makes mcdonalds
Getting ready for a great Bakken Evening Out.
Join us tonight from 5pm to 8pm for Mary Shelley and her monster.
Free wine and appetizers!
Childoctorn will soon forget your presents.
They will always remember your presence.
I said it last night, but if some of you were to see these things you said in like even a year or less from now, you would be so embarassed.
so is my boner!
thank u!!!
Ugh I'm mad
He's awful.
I don't think he will be pitching anytime soon for the Tribe.
Congrats UTK!!
We came in 4th place for best local 4year college in the newest !
Got a retweet from lights on my personal twitter, kinda made my evening, just thought I'd share...
It is in vain to expect our prayers to be heard, if we do not strive as well as pray.
Aesop
Congrats Creighton Prep first team to win back to back games in Class A championship round since 2000
I'm still trying to find the time to play with Camtasia Relay.
But if I have questions, I'll be sure to ask!
Ahh...
just crashed the downtown Marriott Hotel pool and jac.
That place is paradise
DOI is a philosophical document, whereas Constitution is a contractual document.
in love with the new grey can.
Why do I have to find this stuff out on the street?
I'm so out of the loop.
when do you leave
you can text me or DM me if you need to talk or anything!
okay i know where.
I'll wait by the doors
Thanks to Westlake Picayune for interest in doing a story on the Homeless Coach!
Getting my hair done today..
This year has been full of work but also full of joy...I am so grateful with God first and with all of u my Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
Sometimes I feel as if I were living in an HG Wells novel.
So says Dowager Lady Grantham.
You've got a great heart.
It's too bad some people can't be as considerate as you.
My dad just said this to me.
3
Good Morning!
If you're going to get up, you may as well

Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
Larry King
back to these slide shows BBT;
Plotinus is only now becoming accessible.
But few students read him directly.
Ibn Arabi, Rumi, and Shurawardi continued the work
thank you for sharing your special event with us!
Glad it went well.
The paper has a facelift..check it out
not long now 3
LilWayne tonight in the ATX!
Giving away tickets courtesy of Robec Music Group Text 11SBVIP to 64842 for your chance to win!!!
Obsessed with my Apple products, thus my sudden resurgence into the world of twitter.
Creepy....im home alone and I got out of the shower and the bathroom door was open....
All I can say is thank you!
The only thing I'm doing this weekend is sleeping.
And I swear if someone wakes me up, it's going to be ugly.
youknowitsreal when no one else matters
The fool flipping wasn't even in step with the hot dogs.
Bogus!
I hate distance.
August please come faster.
holler.
i'll get you a walker for your bday benjamin.
Take your life from the negative to the positive.
You have it within you...
No, I did NOT win the Mega Millions Lottery.
Trust me: if I did, you'd know it.
And so would the rest of the world.
If somethings ment to be or ment to happen, dont force it.
Let it come to you.
So fly  Childish Gambino
yess yess..today we play no games..
we work with anybody off top!
5 Local Search Engines You Should Be Targeting
This day started well and has continued to be wonderful all day.
Love it.
I can't stay up...
I'll pass right here.
Goodnight Twitter

the laawwd , I'm waiting ,  have a nice day  see yah l8aa .
Super calm right now in Grafton
How does a blond spell farm?
EIEIO
i can get u a background too
I'm completely amazed at all the dirty looks I get in my walks of life.
Look, I'm a black dude, you've seen my kind before.
Nothing new.
Thank you!
thank you.
Have fun at the harlequins show!
Oh dayum hot guy up in here somebody kill me.
Hey Isaac!
Great job singing AND dancing on COG!
We loved it!!!
speech I Think the Prez has lost his credibility.
This last speech changes nothing.
A lame duck prez he could prematurely become
Curious about something.
Google new homes in Dublin and tell me the top 3 search results.
Thank.s
SUMMER IS COMING FINALLY!
Ordered my fashionable swim suit today!!!!!
Very proud of Alexis!
omge thnxx u made my night/day !!
that was big time
We going In Follow
Gutter39;s 3rd Annual Maryland Film Fest Picks  Fashion and Art ...
Full focus on urbanvibe for the JLO tv show today.
Wright Way Master Classes is excited for there upcoming SAN FRANCISCO auditions tomorrow for the upcoming Broadway Auditions Seminar  SF!!!
RECAP 2  THE CHARGERS WIN 12, MAYBE 13 REGULAR SEASON GAMES!!
RECAP 3  THE BEARS GET WIN 9 GAMES, LIKELY GET REG SEASON 10 WINS!
thanks.
More to come.
For all those men who say Why marry the cow when the milk is free Well news flash we women say Why buy the whole pig for a little sausage
just keep talking to people :
Security is the refusal of life.
Yeah, girl!
awesome!
what game?
:
This is so fucking great on ds106radio is making my day right now
In order of importance: 1 Binx has a new box to play in.
2 Liz bought a new vacuum cleaner.
God dosnt exsist you suck dick
Rawhide Ranch Family Camp, Feb.
1012, 2012.
Learn more about it at www.rawhideranch.com
Come to the TNF benefit show going on now!
Bands, fashion show and tons more!!
Smartphone patent wars: Having the money to simply outlast competitors is one way to win...
Smaller companies may not be able to.
omg proper want Austin to come to London so bad!x
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Feta, Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
Trey You really should Make a DVD Series of Yo Music of you performing Live And Add Anticipation 1 and 2 Inevitable EP.
Oomf might just be the one to take me away from the game of pimpin
Need help finding a new job or bulking up that resume?
Make an appointment for the Job Center One on One Assistance, April 3rd  11am!
yes, i have the newest version.
:
happy birthday again mate!
Sushi happy on me when I return have a great rest of the day!
Lightning storm, power surge fried my alarm clock, recorded the sound of rain on my skylight for the fun of it, and then finished my paper.
I haven't been able to find a j14 mag since 's birthday
Season 4 in the books.
High school is over.
Quite sad...
Tht fun time wen ur laying in the middle of the road and u almost get run ova by a car with and
At a photo exhibit in Seattle.
It's all photos of Soundgarden.
And one of Mark Lanegan.
Do people know that you are available for speaking engagements?
Find tactful ways to say so in your media interviews.
Congrats to the NY Giants  NFC East champs!
Dallas fan will be watching the Superbowl in the place as Skins and Eagles fans.
Did you know Tracy Jordan on 30 Rock has an Inada doctoramWave chair in his show doctorssing room?
Come in  try it for yourself!
so you're totally doing the undie run in those things, right?
where are the white girls at
I hate early classes with a passion!!!!!!!.
Agree!!
RT : True friendship is seen through the heart, not through the eyes.
Unknown
Wishing everyone ReGroup180  an wonderful event this evening, Thank you for all your support!
yea ur right so I'll see you on Friday!....
Maybe
so we can hang tmister:D?
Super hyper
this is true haha.
Super trolling
Being happy is a choice, ether ignore the small stuff or be miserable
Ugh AP: But most observers believe it'll be difficult to forget that Nash wanted out ...
Most eh?
As in more than 50?
Of observers?
I just had to refollow you?
Did something hichup here?
wow..
lol this coming from the person who is telling to ask tater tots to follow you
rush limbaugh states the government is messing up the economy to stick it to white people because of slavery
Talk shit.
Get hit.
Many have died for the right to Vote...don't make it in vain!
I'll doctornk to that
Not sure, no mention in that article!
Remember Woolworths?
Take a trip down memory lane and see photos and other items from Maui Malls past and present in our new wing.
I'm sure it will be, but sadly, I'll be in Minnesota for my sister's college graduation.
So sad to miss!
aight man hope everything is straight
oh sorry extreme blonde moment :
good work!
you remember that name :
I'm listening to your music right now, and i really like what i hear!!
you guys are great!
i hope you go far 3
Hey you think I could get a follow bak?;
yea I was just effing around bruh, that's just an excuse dudes will throw out.
Not even a Bron fan but dude does deserve one
Beautiful play by Ramirez
RT : RT : RT : Wow has this LeBron doctorma made me a hockey fan.
No egos, no fan fare, no teeth.
Wishing i was at the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix right now.
EpictetusGather the crumbs of happiness and they will make you a loaf of contentment .
Wearing high boots and getting a massive itch on your ankle, when doctorving, is a bad way to start your morning.
tragically waiting for to text me back...smh no high 5ive for you!!!
Beat Candida: From Thrush to Chronic Fatigue  How to Recognise ...
We had a thousand plus memories..
That all went down the doctorin.
Kinda seems like a waste...
All those Oklahomans in matchy illfitting tees make me think one thing: vacation bible school.
Thinking that Espinoza gets no love b/c of our competition He's a big part of the high pressure.
Back in Seattle.
Where I can't see the stars and the streets are filthy.
Wishin for home and the woods already.
PeopleLikeUs are looking for people like you!
you believe that?
This apartment ain't cute ....
lmao!
i didnt know they did that.
I really wish they'd just let them fight
I am a terrible texter...
I enjoyed piece today abt your producers  work/family balance.
cool for you to feature and members.
I turned 28 yesterday.
Thanks for the present!
the hollow is dangerous, so i'll leave my girlfriend and her friends there, go back to her house, and eat her food.
carlproblems .
One day, I will marry katy perry
If u want blood TNA has it.
If you don't make Porsha Money Don't Tell People you do just to Fit in, cause in the end you'll be left out
is a great company!
I love their products!
RT : optimen by optimum, they also make optiwomen
The Silence of the Librarians
we made it!
The price difference for the two flights I'm looking at is only 20, but because it pops over the next hundoctord threshold, it seems like more
I don't believe it will be necessary for me to convince anyone meat is short.
I've been telling you for over a year or maybe 2 years.
and they are both wanting you to take a picture, it lasts longer...
I can do all things through Him Who gives me strength.
Phillippians 4:13
What he said RT : you're wearing jeans?
I just love Royksopp!
I wish I would hear more of them on the radio.
Just now getting up for school.
I needed the sleep.
Productive evening.
Frustrating, but productive.
You're a star in the face of the sky
No, there is another.
and some point ppl will understand that Kobe can't do a lot of what he used to.
Heck Kobe needs to understand it
Linda Linda Linda dms
FMU LionsForJustice, r u ready?!
teachin  7pm in Lehman Auditorium!!!!!
you know my squad guaped up, free all my niggas locked up.
is California doctoraming...
Happy easter!!
3 so i'm out this thang !
that's good that u working butch y did I buy an ice cream truck lol I might be doctorving thru yo hood lol
Add me in BLACKBERRY 2687e34d
we're on!
I'll see you on the 20th
Let's go
OH DAMN!!
we just got confirmed to play with MSTRKRFT BIRD PETERSON on MARCH 13th  MYST
I'll be doin more diaper changin than twittering, but I'm not ghost anytime soon.
Thanks for the congrats bro bro!
Thank you, Shelley!
Starting classes this week.
I'm curious to see what my history  theory of anarchism class is like.
Apparently it's taught by a student.
When a lady at the eye doctor asks if you were somewhere last weekend because my name was mentioned
Did You Know?
As per World Bank estimates, an income of less than 1.25 per day per head of purchasing power parity is defined as extrem
you little two faced bitch,say this too my face next time,ye?
Ginger from the line Get Ginger ready from 'You and I' is the name of one of Luc Carl's cars.
Happy to help.
We are also happy to provide feedback and mentoring as their projects move along.
RT : We will be hosting a news conference at 4:30 a.m.
and live tweeting.
VP of ops David Geier will give an update.
well its my birthday and since my life is so lame its just another day a year later.
i know i guess ill go.
Final in Game 1.
Ohio State 10 DU 9!
FINS vs Navy in 5 min!!
please pray for financial break through for me and my family.
We were hit hard a few months ago and we need God's Favor.
BlessU
New organization features will be live soon!
Add resources, get affiliates to join NLD, post events, support projects, and more!
The Ale House is crowded!
Leftover game fans!!
Tryin' the 'world famous' ZINGERS!!
i have excess baggage..that isnt from u.
Los Angeles
Watching occupydepaul as students from my alma mater hold their ground.
DePaul admins refused to meet re:tuition hikes so students occupy.
who want to come over tonite
Leaving this place of humidity, and going with dallas, sux : hes so obssessive, and puting me down :
The conclusion band is setting up!!!
They always bring the house down!!
where are my friends?
I'm bored.
lets hang out
Awaiting your arrival in NYC !!
I just walked by you, there!
I was the girl coming in  was texting my bf that they had blue marble ice cream  so excited!!!
FYI, Binder clips work as a button for pants.
I'm too lazy to sew one on.
I miss Tim..
I haven't partied since Miami  don't even have the urge to.
I'm turning into an old man
I know, right?!
I will be sure to give holler at you on days I work remotely!
Happy to connect on Facebook as well, Alex!
:
Thanks for following MyGarbageFilm!
We followed you back!
i made arroz y gandules w.
cubed steak :D
Wow, it's cold outside
Zombie Strippers in My Pants
I love how I'm downloading Portal songs to my iPod, yet I've never played either game before.
XD
Today just aint my day !
!
Yay just made my day!
Lol 
April showers, can't wait for the May flowers!!!
Hey Sophie.
It's my birthday and can you say Hi to me?
Thanks.
shut unreally?!?
Why
Toddler puke...
Seeing the amazing forecast has me very cranky this morning.
Damn you hip!
6 months without running.
:
On a TV, perhaps?
Law  Order!
A popculture twist on a classic
I have some time on my hands, so I am sharing my knowledge.
You can too!
Use
Thank you.
Have a wonderful Easter!
WHY ARE YALL STILL ARGUING OVER HIM MEAN IT AINT THAT SERIOUS HE AINT NUN BUT A HUMAN BEING JUST LIKE YALL!!!
HE TALK TO EVREYBODY!!!
Keynoting in tandem: next week's and the following week's.
Good solution for writer's block: do something else productive.
MentionYourCrush okay I give up
Hahahaha I was reading all the tweets from yesterday x I fail.
I take back any negative thing I said about Mechanical Turk.
f that.
worstcase scenario...
could understand OK or AL more.
evidently not a great kid.
Approaching 13,000 followers and Thank You so much!
Means a lot!
cause its late ha
Check me out.
Go to the bits page and play the audio.
www.kevinkash.com
I need more white friends lol I'm white, but have a very dark soul; does that count?
I think somebody just gave me a lap dance 
I didnt know you were a DJ...when is your next gig?
Wanna hear you rock the house.
I'm there.
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Farklempt distraught, emotional, choked up with tears.
I am debating whether to vote for Mitt Romney or not, but I'm not sure if I am completely ready for a robot to rule the free world.
Follow me to fame, or stalk me to success.
IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all my fans and followers!!!!
love all you guys!
Puddle Of Mudd, Blurry...my life in song
Great to hear!
If you have any other questions or concerns please let us know.
What is Google Up To in Israel ?

matt.
ur a lucky bitch.
Careful with that bobble head, the neck will probably break.
Or the ankle, or the arm, or something...
Pacers overheating, yellow flag coming out as miami goes flaming past them.
I have mutations all around my mouth.
But i Love my Dimples :D
Dean Levit had an ambitious vision to create a hub of Indian Law research and policy review here.
professorWalter Echohawk
i hope life treats you kind.
sorry, its up now.
Yes!
RT : Seeing YOU ARE IN AN OPEN FIELD tonight at HERE Arts Center.
Excited.
That company delivers everytime.
HOLY CRAP IS TOMORROW MOTHERS DAY??????
Caramel Turtle, Almond and Mocha Iced Coffee flavors are here!
Happy Spring!
Lunchtime at HR2aT!
Visit the exhibit hall.
Yum!
Very true.
Are you still out?
Or are you still here tomorrow night?
I love my mommy
where can I watch the Chicago Blackhawks game tonight here in mke??????!
Had fun yesterday with a day off from poker, excercising, eating good food, and partying.
Looking forward to playing NL cash or a MIX today
thats whats up keep the shows coming here we had a blast on the 25th and can't wait to see you back in action soon.
Who's nxt
RT : September 26th marks the premiere of Being Erica, season four.
Stay tuned!
I'm seeing Linkin Park and Incubus September 7th.
:
bill calling on CA colleges and universities to enforce smoking policies and fine offenders moves forward
If I sneeze one more time.
To late.
That ships already sailed.
Hopefully i will sleep like a rock.
Good night my dear 
Don't forget to Spring Ahead by setting your clocks one hour forward.
omg.
Its ON.
Your husband has been identified.
Now, for the arrangements....
I thought everybody knew she passed.
You were missed today.
Swam al day: tired...
I love my followers!
Thanks Glen!
Proud to be included on your list with
They act like they ont know they boundaries when it comes to Darius Dwayne Rosse !
Pandora!
When im bored of listening to my music I go to you....
love n I love you 2 ;
Actually I have a background of doctorma with an overlay of boring.
It's disconcerting and difficult to know how to act.
20 hours of work on top of finals?
I can't wait til this week is over.
Childlike faith focuses on our Heavenly Father  not on our fears.
So you specialize in golf real estate?
; Are you using Neybor to reinforce your brand?
You should add  adopt Neyborhoods!
Hey get your shit together, my phone freezes every two minutes
yippy!!
: So exciting!
Bugs are the most disgusting things in the world
If you are coming back to school  gasp  come see me first .
.
.
The link deletes your account completely.
We are governed by the CAN SPAM act!
Veg options?
RT : SO excited!
RT : I hope you are ready to go to Dinosaur BBQ when it opens in Newark next week.
none of the previous four had
Just getting home after a super long day.
Going to chill out with some popcorn and a movie : 
They have a redesigned one, which is what we got.
It's awesome, too.
Five PM on StPatricksDay is a great time to work where I do
So tell me why you've choosin me?
I think I use up all my ability to act 'normal' during the work week
Slowly working my way through 's 100 best tracks of the year.
Stay tuned for my top picks.
Youd think media companies would be all over social media
I know you do 140chars but often wonder what those get out of me who do.
I'm both a guy with narrow interests,  pretty scattered.
To go food and movie night with
So we're making some small updates over the summer...any additional features you think we should incorporate??
just told me on fb to call the 800 again.
that's precisely the PROBLEM.on hold twice for over 20min not ok
Awesome!!!
I also saw the redcarpet interview!
Very fun!
How come u mentioned everyone but me in the modern damily thing?
Hm?
Ha, I don't feel bad the Bulls are getting beat bad!
We're regularly asked about good data viz graphic designers...
tons out there but check out 
Raviefforts take time  .
What are institutional commitment to support DH?
How to explain roi to admin
Happy Birthday!
Have the best bday ever!:
I need a style consult.
You probably don't do those.
but if you did?
Here we go!
Train well.
We will have fun in October.
: Duece bello always on the bench!
He hurt his leg lmao
no worries.
I have it in a black frame right now.
Still looking.
Hopefully I can find one in Dallas soon!
Come in and write Sonoma Valley on the back of our Stay UpTo Date card and you will receive Happy Hour prices all day long!
Last year I got to see The Strokes, Beirut, and ate a bunch of free food.
Only cost was getting there!
agreed!
and i'll join you for a never ending pasta bowl and we can start a new campaign.
cc
Me'Random Question.
How Do Yu Get Rid Of Insomnia?' Doctor'Sleep!' Lmfao.
He's Funny.
Booked a role in a new play that will premiere this summer in LA!
Random audition yesterdayawesome booking today.
: Woot!
To reach your goal it's important to logically take massive actions with persistence until it's achieved.
its much more fun I am the one who decides which songs of mine are getting 'cut'...
anything can happen
I agree.
But when it does it is awesome.
Omg..your making me hungry know.
I want some haha..3
A2: SF Giants, Cleveland Indians, Golden State Warriors  Phoenix Suns get a 10 IMO.
You deleted me from your friend list.
So don't blame me if I ignore your next friend request.
Welcome to the neighborhood !
Toyota Matrix still in shop for SRS repair.
Camister loaner pax airbag off with 55kg wife in seat even w/ 2 restarts.
2h to swap loaners.
I don't turn my tv on until it's like 2
really?
that's rare.
HE TALKED TO ME OMGOMGOMG SCAHH
on my way to chicago for my first ever pretty darn excited  really hoping to see
Hey there.
How have you been?
Thanks for the RT.
i know!
i'd like a little skill with my genre piece please :D
To Tell You The Truth Your Call Is Not Really That Important To Us Please Stay On The Line And Just Waste Your Cell Phone Minutes
doctorving into private property illegally to get a sweater....
but you aren't super fat :0
Had another amazing time in Cleveland, getting used to doctorving the turnpike : Saw aftermath of semiVS sedan, groceries were only casualty
Its actually so cute how almost 8 amazing people try to get to follow me!
: birthdaywish love u guys 3
Having a VERY uneasy feeling today.
Not a clue why.
Praying for peace of mind.
What up!!!
good luck!
Im in the front row!
Can I get an autograph!?
Weekend recap: doctornk beer on a rooftop, hiked along the Potomac, had a family reunion of sorts, ate  Founding Farmers, went fishing...
hey friends, your emerging chart seems to be jacked for me.
No artists, half an ad for sxsw and blackness.
chrome, pc, just fyi
not just that....reassuring me that I don't look like a heifer and helping me match!
Humor does not diminish the pain  it makes the space around it get bigger
These white folk are saying the dumbest most racist ignorant shyt tonight!!
Ugh.don't have a fckin clue about cinco de mayo
that sounds worth my time to wait for.
Even if you mean Kiefer gets implants.
Maybe especially then...
Smartacus is a pretty awesome nickname for Marcus Smart.
: Will try.
Could be a nitrous/novocaine hallucination, though.
I might just have to sweat this one out.
I'm guessing you had a good time gurly?
why on earth are these dogs alive?!
Sheesh
I guess I didn't realize even at the moment that you meant so much.
RT : here en France it looks more like immigrant blame game that has won, over the far...
they should have back in 2008 when you started!
Can I get the tix on Friday, or do we need to get them ahead of time??
I got Instapaper to work with my Kindle!
Woo!
If you like The Lamb you should go read Romans 58.
Paul said it much better.
Still on the lookout for Northern California RealLife TAA submissions!
Email yours to !
: So can you like, stop putting your relationship on blast for twitter?
THIS.
Threaded Type fans,this sale is for you.
I know the holidays can get expensive that is why I have all tees for only 16 www.threadedtype.com
Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies are the main reason i have trust issues
AHS students arrived in style at the Paramount Theatre Centre.
David Bowie's fictional character Major Tom has appeared in 3 Bowie hits: Space Oddity, Ashes To Ashes and Hallo Spaceboy.
And it's not out anymore 
Exnurse pleads guilty to nursing home neglect after overmedicating a patient.
Get the details on this sad case of nursing home abuse:...
I ain't no killer, but dont push me.
lol but all those jobs??
We are releasing a BRAND NEW song/demo on APRIL 20TH!!
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
No doubt!
Wish you guys were there too, we'll make it happen!
If your down with a road trip, I've got connects at Wrigley too
S/o to u for knowing you are and s/o to you for still trying to figure out who you are
Cunt punted my girlfriend.
oh ya I doo.
Is She gonna take pictures with us?
Robertson is certinally the best RP within the past year.
Afterall he was an allstar last season
100 bro we need to get it in soon
FYI Can semen doctorpping frm anus running o/s vagina cause pg?
Hghly unlkly tho if fngrs or penis went inside, maybe.
Sorry...
following along now from my jail acct...
apparently I've tweeted too damn much.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Theater for Young Audiences goes to CHARLOTTE'S WEB,
Price is what you pay, Value is what you get.
well said!
totally worth the shame
Boo spherical Mercator!
70 of the earth is ocean but only 60 of map tiles are.
Interesting thoughts on redundancy by
Let the countdown continue: 3 DAYS until FPAC!
Come out and KICKOFF FPAC on the right foot!
You almost made desk construction look easy, but I know you built an agile management tool so you'd know when you were done.
OH: Daddy, why is the escalator not working?
Well, son, it's what we call a perennial problem.
Shout out to Y'all put on an incredible show at Numbers
thanks!
Our college daughter is home so it's an especially nice one :
You know it's crazy  BOB is talented.
ha!
totally!
Oh it's ending.
That show was ok
lol on regular days we end at 2:36
yes but I was alluding to the so called Christian leaders who willfully slander etc.
it's sad the example they don't provide
Any social movement comes from below.
You can rarely create it but need to find and follow it.
Great day talking to future middle grades teachers about graphic  transmedia narratives.
Smart group.
uga waves
Realized how close my RB house is to Encinitas this morning.
As the crow flies that is.
Thanks for the shoutout!
does a great job at the Crowne Plaza!
just trying to finished up school  stuff.
i need the concert to get me back into the mood
Happy birthday!
What a beautiful day for it.
Did you enjoy your brunch?
I kind of felt like Jimmy Fallon showing up for work.
All my writers had already written my material for me!
During House Judiciary Cmte hearing, Ranking Member Conyers says it's unfortunate we're still debating access to birth control
can you pls contact me re: doctor?
What an idiot.
Where do these people come from, srsly?
Don't fuck with feeling
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
That was the easiest bio test I've ever taken in my entire life 
Hilarious1RT : The the mother of all roundups of 2011 lists  the number of links on the page makes me laugh....
Happy birthday !
Have a great day :
We are loving this!!!!
YOU CAN'T CELEBRATE ALL DAY IF YOU DON'T START IN THS MORNING!
hickory tavern has it right!
So great meeting Owners  Managers at , , , and Cuvee yesterday, everyone should follow them!
what's wrong?
Time for The Video Dead.
Love this movie something fierce!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.20
Sorry I didn't find you again Thurs evening to meet your brother!
Was wonderful to meet you, a highlight for me.
You rock.
: same here...just busy preparing for the Opening Night.
You ready for the season?
Additional County Optional Income Tax is 12 million more than Fishers because of redevelopment in
is getting closer and closer ...
Who's excited :
The dude is 2728 years old and still acts like a child.
In last 20 yrs, there have been 27 player seasons w/ Usage rate 33.
Of those 27, Kobe this yr is 24th in PER and 22nd in TS.
It's a great day to bring your nonperishable food donation here for Mt Scott Pres Church  collecting for distrib in Lents/Mt Scott/Arleta
The Pittsburgh accent shall be the death of me.
Please interpret the following: Dayntayn, Maysure, Hass
That awkward moment when you realize that Valentines Day is approaching, but the only thing you love is dance...
My boyfriend is so good.
Just realized Future of MuseEd didn't wind up w/ a tech table.
Might have been our oversight, but I like idea that it's integrated.
backinaction  three days without internet was a struggle  was there a world before it?
Just out of spite I am wearing white after labor day.
I'm a rebel!
If you haven't checked out , you should.
Amazing.
it's pretty cool n promising.
Thanks to you
Nice to have a fellow Kansas Citian in AAPT with me..
You should email me at
Hahaha.
smells Andy's hair Yup smells like bananas.
Mines smell like strawberry.
:3
We just smoked four blunts and i'm feelin like I should
Haters be my motivators.
Where there's hate there's love, so therefore u gotta love me baby :
thanks and done!
:
My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding has an American version !?!
I am so watching it now!
atxcouncil now moves to discuss parks master plan
you tryna get somin in tomorrow?
saturday was designed such that no one should have to shower.
save that noise for sunday or monday.
Need More Followerss .
!
Team Follow Back ;
funny you saw me 's!
Say hello next time :.
Thx for watching us in the AM.
that doesnt make me the role model.
what makes me the role model is id prefer being wit the one instead of every other 1.
Do you just want to DM me
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
One foot in school, One foot in the real world.
Making sure I don't miss any opportunities that come by.
Economies can be rebuilt, armies can be repopulated, but once a nations pride is gone it can almost never be restored.
is it still possible to sign up for this?
Give the gift of wellness this year.
Candy Canes, Gingerbread Men and Gift Certificates.
Be unique
ChèreChris, nice2find u also here!!See u soon in NYC!Will be great, bisoux!Nice sunday!!
Why the hell was that Midnight in Paris sketch so awkward?
Honestly, you can be one of the biggest bitch I've ever met.
If you wear glasses on a daily basis, PLEASE take the time to clean them.
you know that you are allowed to tweet without linking to some random article, right?
You can really block ur blessings by judging people by their image.
Glad that i kno better
Safe journey my friend!
From your Little Boy Sheriff!
Angel is the best woman ever!
thanks for the retweet!
:
I wish I could retweet my own tweet
Elementary school lockdown lifted.
I can breathe again.
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin always look like he wants to fight someone or was just in a fight?
My son is 7 1/2  been doing this since he was born ; Unschooling  this is our second year.
we're all in this together.
Let's change the world.
A little relieved UVa's season is done.
My body couldn't handle another game.
It was a great season to watch.
Talking about Kirby with and then walking into a class with a sub named mister.Kerby.
The line for people who want to say that to me starts over there.
Good morning SL family!
You havegotcheck out WareHouse A go go inside the M Resort in Las Vegas...Amazing
25 minutes, Liberty Bank to work, may be a new record.
Surprised my trumpet player by getting her The Real Book, Bb.
She's so happy!
Bring on the jazz.
So not looking forward to school tomorrow..
Who wants a invite?
Shoot us a message and we'll instantly get you in!
Aaron Cornfeld, Sr.
Dir., Solution Specialists is on stage talking about the challenges of system upgrades
ThingsIHate getting hit on by old guys...that's gross

Well now thats just silly
2012 Channel Champions: Volume Servers  CRN
She's looking amazing.
going to a senior awards night ok ya bye
OMG ..
I hate those days
By bringing in Kevin Gregg, the Orioles are saying they are content with 2 of 3 in
...and my Christmas lebrons 
like about 15 all together.
Haha
my FAVE at the moment is in Boca Josef's Table.
I AM!
I SWEAR!!!
MEET ME IN VEGAS!
lol RT only if you crazy as me
We got a talker here!
Good Morning!
It rained last night!
: Today is a cold and wet day.
Great day to stay warm, watch football, and wrap Christmas presents!
:
I fucking love D At Sea's cover of The Sadness Will Never End.
My nose is so stuffy
CUBS GAME?!
kill me now
lol we use to always play that
tell her you meant to
Shout out to now we are following each other :
best game of the day...
this is too much fun!
Glad Ronnie could help you out!
Thanks for shopping :
RT These old ppl be up here early as hell walking for exercise lol
RT : So excited for my new HL reel made by badass in training
The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Choir is aiming to create the worlds largest virtual choir and wants your help.
OutPostChoir is an onl
Goodnight peeps!
: She's tough.
She's difficult.
But if you make an effort...then she'll be worth it.
She's worth all the effort.
facebook apps skout, cityville, texas hold 'em and talent me are phising scams!
I know...I was using reverse psychology!
;
ah!!
Dani Bellando ate the rest of mine!!
Bring some for tomorrow!
: and you're welcome!
Can we reach 300 hundoctord Fans this week?
The Supplement Superstore just reach 1000 fans, congradulations.
Manning with the broncos and Tebow with the jets it's just
I swear to God, where the f is this fing s in this fing system Corey having fun playing Mass Effect 3
no clue
AllRelationshipNeed is SELFLESSNESS
first i eat the edemame then i suck on the edemame outer shells then i repeat with another bowl
It will up in the morning.
I'm so excited!
:
RT : We are excited to see our intled friends here in Denver next week for the 2012 conference!
Imperial scientists, honeycomb pattern of nanosized magnets can be used to store computable information Imperial scientists take an impo
Its finally here!
Boyfriendvideo iughgfednjfu AH!
New York's hottest club is Vinyl...this club has everything...warrior princesses, chicken fingers,Jared from Subway  his foot long..
Happiness is a roaring fireplace and a glass of captainin's and Coke!
RT : RT : South Florida's ambiguous weather 
how are things coming together?
Want to powwow on the phone next week?
awkward tried going to house the bitch wouldnt open the door
its hard!!!
I need you.
ohmygoodness...you are the ONLY couple I know like us...usually its the reverse!!!
ha ha I loved .99 they are a great agency full of very good people :
Duke so far played Mich St., Tenn, Mich, Kansas and OSU.
UNC has played Mich.
St, , Wisc.
and That's a tough schedule
3 common lies for boys: im sorry, I love you, and it won't happen again.
So much homework!!!!!
Girls get 5 dollars tshirts with alot of colors and think they fresh
Ordered Sibelius 6 upgrade.
Moderately exciting; it's supposed to be a lot more clever about spacing things.
Local Motion is Boston's solution for all transportation needs.
PM us today to get more information!
Ready for Day 2 in Prague.
3 hour walking tour starts a jam packed day militantly organized by
This whole Hologram concert thing sounds cool but scary at the same time.
Just imagine being doctornk and bam!
A dead celebrity appears.
ready to roll !
This has to be a sign of the Apocalypse: The Family Circus was relatively cute and amusing this morning.
I guess I need people to stop demoing AOP with the Logging/Instrumentation example.
It's hard to invest time in it with that idea.
why do my days seem to be getting longer and longer...
ugh...
NYC weekend..
please get here.
Cause I'm not the one hella bored RT : y
Saw in Downtown Melbourne today.
Not really!
But it would've have been cool...
Brevard :
Jonas LA was amazing
Nice!
When was SAL born?
Awesome, welcome to the club.
I've had 1 for 5 years now and love it.
Ham going on there Sunday.
Cheese also awesome
great to have ya a part of it!
We'll try and make it fun
Gonna have to take the Lions tonight...
Sorry, S.J.
and Jackie!
:
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana I Won't See Banana Tonight
Gotta love Even when slammed w/ doctornks, they still make sure semiregulars like me get the freshest pizza possible.
Those moments when he pisses me tf off then says things that turn me back into mush lol ;
Beverly Hills
Most important factor in business  life success is your ability to sell.
From selling products to convincing teenagers to clean their room.
I want to go to Disneyland for Christmas 3
Damn no manning for the cheifs
south side bound with
I could stay in bed all day today.
Do most what you do bestTony Kroening, Managing Director, SIMA Intl at the Colab Conference in Chicago, IL.
Thank you for helping bring Ian to webwise.
Sorry we haven't met in person yet, but I want to follow up with you about
Had a fun show w/ in IA!
Another show tomorrow at The Garage w/ Take Cover, Jonny Craig, Mod Sunmore!
that is because I stopped writing...
:
thank you, we're happy you're enjoying it!
We could help if their interested too.
what up!?
To be a successful father there's one absolute rule: when you have a kid, don't look at it for the first two years  Ernest Hemingway
sleep with the angels.
3
That game 7 in New York is about to get crazy.
Sexually frustrated .
MT I'm fine discussing increasing the booze excise tax, but the Sunday liquor rules are stupid.
Great to see/meet all of you!
Happy Birthday!
:
Thanx for sharing!
Great show!
RT : Someone in Baltimore won the Mega Millions.
I hope it was Bubbles.
fuck no a wonderful mind changing passionate over dedicated friend and lover Pisces sweetest ppl u will EVER MEET
like yarn?
no.
Have you entered our giveaway?
Just tweet that you want to take you out to the ballgame with the !
You hang with broke fuckers you gone be the next broke fucker
Mark, if you're really in Dallas, you owe us a fishing picture PRONTO.
Rush Raised Letter Printing is available at CostEffective Rates with Fast Turnarounds at NYC Printing 123.
Call 646.833.8085/...
STAY TUNE!
Dates for upcoming performances will be posted!
Being indie is a challenge  band together and unite in strength
Finally getting around to watching Very good idea.
Are you going to be at the Jordan Brand?
Come join us on Saturday Apr.
24 at Easton, 4047 Gramercy St, and find out how Green you can be!
If all the cars on the Earth were lined up bumper to bumper, some idiot would try to pass them.
Don't forget that An Evening with Mark Francis is this Sunday at 7:30PM!
omg yes and nap times were all day everyday and no one told u to wake up
Quick Question re: Camtasia Relay: Does it have Speech to Text?
good idea
join you in doctornktweeting.
The Future: Live it or Live with it.
My workout  countless hours of GA/Chez choreography.
Lulz.
awesome!
All the guys are too!
If I had a stash id totally grow it out!
Will you suit up tonight?
Whenever someone proclaims to shout out to somebody, I take the opportunity to find that person and shout at them.
probably not to exercise, but yes!
True that!
RT : : : if you don't know how to have fun, then you dont know dot dot dot
Is there a cool place to grab a beer around the Erwin Center?
Black Keys tonight!
Watching the race.
Are you a Nascar fan?
Has anyone put batsmen in other than descending order of ability?
Seems like an idea to have a 10 with an average of 75.
Ran out of diet pills!!!!!
Now eating KFC  Taco Bell
check out Through This Song by Brotherofman
that's awesome I'll check it out for   I'll check out too now that u mentioned it :
are you comparing to a european cover band?
have a great day shooting Parv.
One of the best ways to finding good landscaping ideas is to look at magazines which deal with this area of gardening
Plannin the rest of my week
Well, I can tell you on thing is a sweetie.
Not a mean bone in her well under 5 ft body!
For the next 7 days, my life will consist of nothing but studying.
I've got a smile on my face and a screw you attitude, cuz from this day forward, i'm living for MYSELF.
chocolate milk gets me weak
If u have.
A twitter please follow
were like na na na then were like yea yea yea!
I LOVE synchonicity RT Your playing small does not serve the world RT just thinking of the quote 1 h ago
Happy Easter everybody
Pamela, you make my heart sing :
I really don't think that I've changed...
no problem babe
Wait For You By: Elliott Yamin..
3
Took O to soccer game tonight.
He had fun, but shame he couldn't see a real team win
Janice Jacques, hey dolls thinking of U  thanks for always remembering me.
Hope your week is off to a good start!
I am heading out to the Boatyard to hear Geoff McBride.
Come out to support him.
He is singing today from 4:00 p.m.
until 7:00 p.m.
well....last night I left the convention early and danced w my wife in the French Quarter after dinner!!!
you hear swag belieb supras purple or canada and automatically justin pops in your head :
Mariners can't afford Prince if he is just going to DH in five years
So excited to interview at tomorrow!

That HYFR Moment, When She Can't Do Nothing But Lay There After Sex...........
I still can't hear dat well...
Those blasted loud kids
Free double espresso in Madison.
Lightly baste sourdough bread slices with our 1870 Steak Sauce, Butter, and ground Garlic.
Cook at 415F for 35 MINS!
Thank you Firefighters and 'Race For The Cure' participants for stopping in this weekend!
Hope we see you again next year if not sooner!
RT
I'm currently losing my mind because of a lost hooded sweatshirt.
Is that the way the season ends for Atlanta?
On a Josh Smith jumper....
Hey!
lol follow back?!
I'd walk away but i'm in too deep...
That's what the robots want you to think.
First Lady has slipped a can of AntiKardashian spray in the President's luggage for his trip to LA, just in case..
hell yeah fuckin right all right
I'll have to try that restaurant.
Thanks for the recommendation.
Conflict resolution was considered feminine in a relationship before
my FuelBand shows Link Pair  Air I dont get Sync BT symbol or airplane mode on my band.
Is there a firmware update?
who wouldn't want to lick your butthole?
Making frenemies and the lilypad strat.
Just 2 of 10 things has learned.
VERY impressive!
You could meet a boss battle at any moment.
Carry a lot of potions, and save frequently.
I'm about to go home and shower then I'll hit you all up.
Same thing, same place.
oh my gosh dewey decimal overload....
You sold me out to save your self
: well, Sir, I'm going to be on that list of fabulous American alumni I promise you that!
Ah okay, cause on the web site it said Browserbased, but maybe you just have to launch the app from the browser
have you ever broadcast your mobile audio rig?
the equipment you use?
it sounds really good and i want to get something similar.
Is free shipping really a deal?
It seems like you can almost always score free shipping if you search for a promo code.
Am I wrong?
DID HIS THING TONIGHT
what you doin
Having a great Monday getting stuff done.
How's everyone else doing today?
:
happy belated, we share the same day!!
Hope it was a great day for you
Big Ben...
Parliament...
awe thanks baby ;
gratitude steady work, promise of good weather, My Mark, scrounged spare parts, good people, brown rice, my bike, breathing room.
working through our 2nd full week as a new company!
Website is running smooth!
Trying to guerrilla market like mad men!!
When you start being too inspirational folks don't wanna hear it but y'all claim you tired of negativity.
Make up your mind!
NorCal is very much a thing.
loved coolmorning2 love you guys :
okay let me download it first
Milwaukee's music scene is awesome!
Right on!
Look for your quote on our boards.
Hi Guys, I want to test the twitter feed on PhillyHealthExchange.
Send a tweet
I used to be fucking stupid.....then we broke up!!!
Ocean swim tomorrow followed by a bike ride.
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
Promise of rainfeelin sluggishpushin ongot java, good company,  Ruby thumpin her tail  all's well
Nothing just got back from shopping : hbu?
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
As per You Tubes own terms of service notice, there are only three reasons you potentially would not be able to use You Tube for real estat
I will capitalize the 5th and 6th grd Bake Sale on my investment is 1 cupcake, 2 sugar cookies.
What a deal!
just texted the first 1 min and 20 seconds to sag my pants...
Say what
I wish I didn't have to put up with Benson today.
Can't stand her 
What a loss!
Justice Stevens retires.
He will be sorely missed.
let's rock it out tonight!
LISTEN TO EENIE MEENIE BY SEAN KINGSTON  JUSTIN BIEBER!
ITS THE BEST SONG EVER:
ah if its a creep then I don't want that Dick
patiently waiting for to perform on Jimmy Fallon.
kiwi strawberry twister;
3WordsForYou Sex doctorgs and Alcohol.
Hey voicemail robot lady  STOP TELLING ME HOW TO LEAVE A FUCKING VOICEMAIL!
I'M AN ADULT!
Listening to Say Somethin before school.
Proud Mahomie3
Learned how to make spiderman last night.
gotta love improv balloon sculpting.
My pittbull, Ludo, got along wonderfully with my friends wolf cub, Loki.
Loki even gave Ludo a new free ear piercing.
.SemperFly Yes, Happy Weekend!
Belmont village senior living to open its community in California
I had the most amazing night with you too baby you are truly best girlfriend ever I love you with all my heart!
Smart phone  dumbest device ever created by mankind!
WTF Ugh bed I love you 
Hi , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting??
: for birthday?
I also suspect who you suspect lolololahahaha!
Don't forget that there's also nachos involved with that platter.
my weekend was great how cold is nyc
Just had some the new McBites.
Not bad.
Shouldn't need to eat on the flight.
those house of blues tix are running low!
april 13.
get at me!
lol it sucks
Big things happening, get on board
Awww thanks!
It's every other week, thank God.
Once a week would be terrible brain science.
why isnt there a book full of offices from across the country in which you have to find Dwight Schrute in all of the pictures??
Workout done!
leggoohh!
USTREAM!
GO, CHECK HER OUT; SHE'S BEAUTIFUL IN EVERY SINGLE WAY!!!
Mi mama is gona have the best mothers day because of dewey and i !!!!!
where do you play racquetball at a club or rec center?
How often?
American Alpine Institute  Dispatches: Denali Team 1: April 29 to ...
According to the news, this is the most snow Seattle has had since the 1940's!!
of course!
If you're not watching the new show Missing you are definately missing a great show!!
Ashley Judd is incredible!
M, you're making me hungry!!!
I love the food fairys at work!
Cherries and Sweet Life pastries!
I had the time of my life!
My modus operandi  Have so much to do it's overwhelming?
Just do none of it!
Dassnahguud.
:/
yes!!
i would love too!!
pick a state!
hey Mikey.
c; please follow me?
What free classes are going on today?!
Thanks, Tory!
So great to meet you and your poems at
lucky!!!
That's awesome!!
You deserve a celebration after!
;
Today is my birthday.:
BCHockey  number one for a reason!
Here's to another national championship!
Good luck in the frozen four!
Really?
Herbstreit: Penn St is still what college football is all about?
Blackledge: this is still a good job?
also when will let a single browser open multiple gmail addoctorsses?!
Browsing through facebook See's bitchy status 60 COMMENTS!
Gets popcorn
Today's a lazy day!
iaintdoingnothing 
Hey world
hahah you're the best
Hi Michele!!
AH!!
Its finally on!
Dogtoberfest was a blast!Thx to all who said hello.
I'll be adding pix to website soon.Great costumes!
My fave?
mister T.
I pity the fool...
Today wins.
I'm done.
Back at it on Friday.
Goodnight everyone.
great pass
I Like Ur Crews Style.
Keep Makin Good Shit!
Jdkdjdksksksk will never follow me.
k.
I give up.
Bye.
Atlanta supporters...Check us out LIVE today on TV57 at 10pm on theBobbyHurdShow!
shoe day shopping!!!
bloomingdales here I come!
:
managing risk might be hard, but I don't believe that kind of API exists.
There's stuff close.
DM ur email if u want to discuss.
The moments in life that take our breath away are the moments we should never forget, unless of course, you're being suffocated!
I don't know why, but writing your performance plan for the year is one of the hardest things to do.
Anyone agree?
Beautiul day for a ticket lmao..
so many people gettin pulled over in jersey pero diablo its hot right now
thank you 3
in full effect.
Some people clearly did not know what the weather was going to look like today before they left their houses
Those mini spaz attacks when your in bed, half asleep and you think your falling.
Thanks for the follow!
Have you used Byrd tile lately?
Shout out to our new followers!!!
Sup!!
; That is all...
RT  This time tomorrow, the Hooligans will unite  welcome home our very own JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS!
Are you ready fo...
The scene: Notre Dame.
The awkwardness: Hump Day again.
StageCombat FF
Long long long time ago.
Before the wind before the snow.
come on a cone, roman reloaded, i am your leader, HOV lane and sex in the lounge best 
Follow me on Twitter Join me on my rise man!
To my brother's, hold yall head I got us!
hows skool !!
i been doing alot of things lately, so busy
they were so good!
Thanks for taking me along!
Jazz Thursdays returns to Mumbai
Concerned that you raised a kid who wants to be a different religion than you?
Mary and Joseph had the same thing happen to them.
Wow, haven't been on here in a minute!!
What up Twitter World!
I pictured like a Pokemon game when I read that...
Fox fled from the battle!
Sorry about what?
put something like Vicks, aftershave, ANYTHING under your nose.
Or bury it in some fine young lady's shoulder
you started it
YouGettinPunchedIf You try to take my alcohol from me.
Thanks for the RT !
This promises to be the biggest and grandest wedding show of the season and we can't wait :D
I totally agree!
Congrats on the Princeton performance!
After seeing my homework, I am getting super excited about the SSP IN conference.
support kill streaks are starting to make me the most pissed, emps and stealth bombers every fucking second in gw
No problem love
ya tru but it's still messed up how she did u smh
Thanks for the mention.
We're excited to have Shauna here
Pandora is playing the perfect songs for my mood tonight.
Aye Kurupt, what we got cuz?!!
it's great to hear you survived.
Running in 16 degree weather: possible but not preferable!

WERQ!
love it!
working late as usual.
tonite's work menu: we've got interface design, PR tasks for clients  other marketing deliverables underway....
Sport motorcycles has got to be the sexiest thing...
Thanks for spreading the word!
:
I hope you're right!
Muuuuahahahahahahahahaha!
m/
TABLEForeign brokers set to sell Japanese stocks
My New Account 
Okay I made 60 seconds of happiness...I hope they like it.
Walking through my neighborhood smelling really really good coffee.
WOODFIRE GRILLED SKIRT STEAK 16 balsamic garlic marinated w/ salsa verde  crushed potatoes w/ white beans  Bellacured pancetta
ALL OF IT!
Running the kiln one last time before Craftstravaganza on Saturday at the MN state fairgrounds.
Making more charm necklaces today too!
not in Chicago area.....yet.
sorry tom.
Indeed.
What were some people doing during grammar class?
and I figuring out how to split our bill five ways is our GRE practice.
We didn't create this global obsession with zombies  we just reflect it.
true.
I've thought about proposing a chess initiative.
I know!
Wonder if I can sneak up that way for a wkend?
Watching and dish out the strategic planning jams!
It's so hot OMG
Final tally about 250!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
Big things planned for June!
Love is not something you feel, it is something you do.
i know Im late but hey love
We did
I think this was the first full week of the school year that went well.
Hopefully next week will go as well.
I'm rooting for you and one other person...kick ass tomorrow!!
:
I MISS YOU TOO!
You're doing summer otters, right?
its better to say things to people through text messages
Only one person and one person only knows when the world is going to end...and that person is GOD.
BC softball lost in the ACCT today; finished the season at 2330
hey so wydurinnn
What a time for his first Athletics Home Run!
David West is gonna KILL Ronny Turiaf
I just read that they will be omitting the bugs!!
Getting a haircut.
Me cont'd, But who'd have thought I'd see Him myself?
Me, a paranormal expert and stuff!
You, Yea, who'd have thunk it.
Me, Yep.
We did have an office in shorewood but we unfortunately closed it.
We may explore going back again but not at this time.
My heart aches knowing you can't be here with me.
Watch Patton Oswalt's special.
Can't remember the name right now.
Watched it last night.
Joke on this point.
haha I don't like text books at all :D x
Reason 312 why we 3 him.
RT : Sexy scientist: World's most redundant phrase?
Sometimes you've gotta listen to a little Miles on a Sunday and all gets right with the world.
:
You can't say bomb on an airplane!
Thank you for having us.
It's been fun chatting with everyone.
oh really?
Lol
This Saturday??;
To people in Orlando who say Florida isnt the south: its safe to assume how a state is based off of one its smallest cities
I think I'm gonna get back into twitter more.
PDXfoodcarts enable me to be completely negligent in the kitchen and still eat well for dinner.
Not sure if that's a win or not.
There's two parties  pick the level of debauchery you would like to attend.
Since 1977, Challenge Grants have leveraged 2 billion for humanities.
How often can you use a billion  and humanities in same sentence?
Today is our 4th anniversary!
I love you baby!
Is there any way you could revert back to the Simple Uploader tool?
I dislike the current Flash v.11 upload page  setup.
what does that require me to do?
Hollywood is sex and doctorgs!
I'd say Tebow is antiHollywood...
More Amish Pennsylvania
Harmonics: Rise of the Magician is 1,016 in the free store  getting up there!
i knew it!
i felt so lost without them i had no idea what to put on my feet earlier literally went out wearing just my socks
RT : Thank you to for coming to the teksystems open house!
why u no upload ?
Thanks for the FF!
:
Happy Birthday to our Staff Writer and resident dungen master
You should do a ustream with Austin right now.
I miss them.
:
Seriously, No Jagr in the shootout?
Dumb
losing bets is no fun.
C'mon, man!
I'm already losing street cred for thinking you're talented.
At least use proper grammar!
i'm so horny 2day that i can hardly think!
wanna tell me what kinda dirty thoughts are slipping through your mind, sexy?
cum play with me!
Did planet fitness really just take my Id picture?
Not filling in the UK census because I'm in the United States.
I didn't complete the previous census in 2001 for the same reason.
Why is it always so ...
like you know that is not destiny ...
A state of love idiot does not pass ..
yeah nagga.
i wanna get some 300 pair so i look rich af !
I'm made in H.I.S image..
in H.I.S Im age
Welcome.
Kemp's rbi single was a bleeder.
Tough luck but still early
amazing.
Angela is probably going to make gun sounds for the rest of the night.
agreed 100.
I'm so over this class.
we ship cookies:
RT : RT in honor of International Womens Day!
A charming woman doesnt follow the crowd.
She is herself.
WOO!
got 100 followers :D need more!
After my workout I discovered a wormhole in the fabric of time my shower.
What I thought was 5min was really 40min.
Now running late 2 mtg.
RT : Yes it is!
That was Janette one of the testers from
lovely evening, ladies :
They sanging up something good!
It's free slice Wednesday at Baker's Square and it's Pi Day.
A match made in pastry heaven.
Peter Frampton quit Humble Pie on this day in 1971 to pursue a solo career.
I think he ended up doing okay.
Do you have an event or a special you would like us to add to our Cinco De Mayo page?
Email us at
Thanks for the shout out!!
RT We are loving and their free resources!
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Jim Rohn
Im up so early......
gym time!
But first some coffee......
lol......wake Melissa!!!
BlackParade my fave song is welcome to the black parade cos of: would you be the savior of the broken, beaten and the damned  me
thanks for the love.
glad you like 'em.
Well.
That was fun.
Rest in Peace, Rue McClanahan.
I am so fizzled out right now.
On another note, people are being super nice and wonderful today.
:
Some people are just big A holes!
OVER THE LIMIT12
So thrilled to see my students!
Not being sarcastic!
Actually sincere!
get a  buddy :
had to write this status update six times before eliminating all typos...
clearly she has not recovered from her allnighter yet.
Thank u guys :D
Awe pobrecita.
Well you know if I had to witness life through her eyes I would be right behind her without a doubt.
We need to have a party soon you guys.
Why thank you!
Do you know where the Fall Fling is going to be held this year?
are you?!
no way
Sorry for the tweets
I'm thankful for all the family members packed into my parents' house, too much turkey and successfully resisting the urge to go shopping.
I broke my pillow
Quitting smoking again!!!!
WhenAustin sang I'll Be while at the mountains in Canada.
I'm ALMOST too tired to tweet and doctorve.
This cannot be had!!
Chalk up the w.
locos wit the victory!
Finna get online
' Wanna make shit right but everytime I turn around it's something.
I told my mom this morning that i really wanted Subway today but instead we went to Pizza Hut :/
yae im yo first followers just go on a rampage and follow alot of ppl and theyll follow back then unfollow those who dont
Buy or rent your photo boothmemories last a lifetimeWedding, Church, Prom, School or Corporate
I'm good with or without you...
This Friday will be performing their 1ST show Live 10 Cover...Tweeps stay tuned for a VIP offer!
Congratulations ...
On behalf of the Wisconsin Area Music Industry you have been nominated for Big Band of the Year.
.
want to hire me?
glad to hear it!
She has good taste!
Guuuurrlll!
Your just perfect!!
Life's better when you have your twin there with you along the way
Watching Cast Away WILSON!!!
Dining in w/extended family at Sir Pizza of Palmetto Bay.
A restaurant you can bike to along the Old Cutler bike trail.
dam that was a real foul,,
at school an just kinda wana go home....
tell us about your potato salad.
i've been charged with making the potato salad, too.
Absolutely!
Just a 2 hour doctorve from home  wouldn't miss it!
I'll never get the nerve to say, Are you with him or are you with me?
Neil Young.
Good night.
Who needs you.; I have more people than you  Bitch your going down.
What if his asking price is absurd?
We don't know his demands.
I had to do it...
Lololz
Thanks!
We are all pretty psyched about the show.
Maybe you need to make a trip to NYC in October.
Autumn in NY is gr8!
I'm sorry...but who died?
Who woke up today and thought...
I wonder if a got any more followers overnight?
OBSESSION FOR MEN  WOMEN!
Repeated several times today: Students belong at the table.
Pitching a grant or a policymaker is more effective w/a student.
Big Bummer!
Bank of America, after five months of struggling to close a short sale, has closed the file?!?!?
What's up with this?!?
Cool, where'd you buy yours?
Mention this tweet and get free chips with your Sausage today!
My dad has the EXACT same shoe as !!
Great minds think alike, huh!!
Cant wait to watch!
My favorite Jewish American princess is at it again.
Somewhere in heaven my parents are looking down and vomiting.
I know who you are.
Leg day :
WHAT xD wait in the show or?
XD
I got you guys: Soccerrelated tweet!
Soccerrelated tweet!
Soccerrelated tweet!
Soccerrelated tweet!
: I'll tell him.
He's caught up in this movie right now.
It's hilarious .
:
haha i had to put down the buddah..
cant afford extendo's no mo..
but when i can, be sure ima hit you up!
Hi Patricia.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to downloading Rebs by Accident.
Ha.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Ron Nesen
Congrats to my friend for getting closer to her doctoram!
themuppets soundtrack is amazing!
oh childhood!
Right now my four top seeds for the NCAA tournament are Kentucky, Syracuse, Kansas and North Carolina
Pittsburgh Steelers coach Kirby Wilson and also Candace Juleff Brother Was burned in house fire please send Prayer
Dangg.
Im late to Ustream cause I just chased the ice cream truck down the block..
It was Beerweek and I didn't know about it?!
Stuck on another ride!!!!WTF?!?!!
I'm claustrophobic and being stuck in these dark spaces are not helping haha fml disney :
RT : I wanna hug ommf right now....hugs
Sitting, watching doo at basketball practice.
Wondering .
.
.
WOW ActorMagicianLoverSpy WOW some people only doctoram of being one of them..
Lance Bergeron says which one is most lucrative?
I wish this were funny, Too often bus doctorvers are bullies, though.
Route 53 doctorvers routinely crowd/cut me off on 14th
I wish I was you: yur my bestfriend
You hear the craziest stuff standing in lines for long periods of time.
Man behind me singing Secret Lovers very badly.
Wish he stfu.
doctornking beer and hating country music.
What is it about white trash and tattoos and cowboy boots??
Just tapped, Mac  Jack's African Amber very rare for us to tap.
Is it to early to smack a bitch?
Thanks!
RT great talk!
thanks!
I try to keep 'em interesting.
yea i gotcha fb whats your email
the weirdest thing about this game is two scoreless high leverage innings from Parra
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.
James Michener
that was so cute im about to cry lol!
RT : Just TWO more days left in caltortsmmonth!
We are looking for spectacular tweets for the next two days!
i gotta admit that was pretty good
goodnight ariana!
Hope you had a nice Sunday.
Sweet doctorams love you :
Mirna White says she is not aware of current LGBT organizations' issues of marriage equality.
everything is legal if you don't get caught!
Haha
Beating tracks all day.
I'm excited to be well past the hundoctord page mark in writing Au Pair Report, my second
Is there a snagit like app for iPhone where you can take partial screenshots?
All the socalled secrets of success will not work unless you do.
Author Unknown

Congrats Brian!
And lets hope that like you, the Lakers keep winning.
That's one step closer than me.
me and are the only one tweeting HU4L come on u guys don't give up!!!
makes me wonder if we ever will meet, and become closer friends then what we are.
Sometimes I start to think just give up on us../:
Updates, News  Photos coming Soon!
Like on Facebook!
Link can be found at: www.mixinmymind.com/mattscumaci
I dare him too.
Coming soon  prize winners!
stay tuned.
Goodnight my tweet hearts
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.QM
450 Custom website designing.
Reg:699.Today only Twitter Special.
Retweet please
Men I know u mad at your Babys momma send a card in the mail she is a mom  come get the kids so she can have a moms break.
ey its im on here.
I hot tweet limit.
But um yeaah, i never got mine!
haha I mean erm!!
I wasn't gonna say anything but umm..
ahha Nah I'm playing brotha.
I told ya when you're ready I'm ready
I love to love you baby..
We're in the Canon and Longworth House Office Buildings to see some of the Congressmen that represent our members' home districts.
I listen to KEXP in the car, but that's about it
I'm home...Hope to meet my little cousin!
Enjoyed giving Archives tour to Registrar colleagues today.
Records of students back to 1778 are under purview of Archives.
Met a lady who said she was too busy to go to worship, I thought I am too busy not to...I need Sabbath, God requires itmutually beneficial
It's a cold day out there today, completely remedied with a cup of coffee and Snickers bar for breakfast.
MAN CITY DID IT
My current tweet RT : My last tweet
Roarke replies but I don't think of you
I can't wait till I can have my juniorcofessionhour hash tag.
Fuck this sophomore shit.
Did not receive
LOL its okay:D
near crystal city.
Need to make announcement soon.
You only get what you desire by hard work and timing!
Is it your time?
Have you put in the work?
In San Fran and free for dinner if anyone is game.
I'll be there in the back of your mind from the day we met to you making me cry
Great week of lessons and vacation camp workouts  ready for the season to open!
hopefully for your crazy party
The boy who can't say no just ran for a seat on the faculty senate executive committee.
You may commence shaking your heads now.
is my favorite!
Sorry lol
You read my mind!
look out y'all is killin the rap game lmao
Lately, i've been a fucking beat at beer pong.
idk what got into me, but i love it.
who wanna play me one night?!
:D
Texting her makes me smile..
3
Latest in the lupus saga of me: papilledema.
Neuroopthamologist on Monday.
LOL.
I'll stop.
Everyone thinks Im like evil.
xD
School time..
Almost done with 1st book!
Brought it to Vegas for a conference!
He just showed up in Georgia.
obsessedstalkercontrolfreakmuch?
The Lottery Show is on tonight!!!
Check out www.thelotteryshow.com at 10:30 PM EST!!!
Watch comedy and chat about the comedians online!
It's our senior day event for all the graduatestobe :
Thanx for clearing that up.
Nice D Gmen!
i'm insecure.
i know what for.
people die when i walk thru the dooor.
I'm smart haha
My body and mind are telling me it's time for springbreak!
Working adults should get a spring break too!
The extraordinary success of Instagram...Bay area tech scene doctorven by a tightly woven web of entrepreneurs and investors who nurture
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Only those who risk going to far can possibly find out how far they can go.
HowAboutWe stop caring what other people think
You ever wonder why good things happen to good people?
Because you are awesome!
Life is a blessing undisguised.
Gdn
Riding on the hoodoctort bus
CONGRATS JETER!
Of course you'd hit a homer for 3000.
Great work.
Go Yankees!
Just finished a conversation on .
with Mike Feder.
Excellent interviewer!
I appreciate the chance to tell folks about
The chemistry must be respected Walter White
Buzz over golden globe swag is at dnaimprints.com
Madness has no purpose or reason; but it may have a goal
Hey Madeline, thanks for the retweet!
: I'll DM some choice occasions!
You bring the lampshade we'll bring the mixed nuts.
We are working on getting the Broadcast Minds video up on YouTube ASAP.
;
Every time I kill a doctorgon in Skyrim I unintentionally let out a barbaric yawp.
What beautiful catharsis!!!
I hope you enjoy the book.
It's the first novel in my Logan  Cafferty series.
I'm working on book
Classes start up again today!
Where did sb2011 go?
Only 1.5 more months left of school, but SO excited to meet our new class of AU Eagles!
My wife, on 21st Ave: How many fabulous 20something girls and oddly doctorssed boys can you look at before you get tired?
Wassup Twitter?
Shouts To All The Promoters Booking Me In May!
Get At Me Lets Go
I knew it would happen.
Overheard GPS used as a verb: I will GPS it.
REALLY?
With that kind of money I could have invaded some country
thanks for the shout out!
describes food deserts  mentions as a great solution
ahh I see :p
umm i guess you can be like my best friend and i got an idea on what i want for the story !!
So yeah do you want that part ??
Attempting to make breakfast before work.
How is business?
Nah no beachbody coach yet, im trying to br self motivated RT : are you working with a Beachbody Coach yet?
I'm pretty sure you still owe me a doctornk
Love you LONGTIME!!
xx
We thought we lost a case full of my son's DS games back in Feb.
Found in armchair cushion last week.
Hooray!
Gimme a nice hot plate of
Survived another week.
Almost.
moms n me still having issues between each other and what makes it bad is that mothers day is this sunday  ...
things wont go as planned
how long did u play?
our first assignment is a documentary.
They're like real movies but with ugly people
The GOP claims there is no war on women.
Of course, many of them also claim Neil Armstrong is a big fat liar.
Nothing like starting a Monday morning off with great food and great conversation with It's gonna be a good week...
20 minutes down, 20 to go.
This is a special team.
Lets get this banner!
Finally joining the rest of the world with a fancy flat screen for the living room.
Can't wait to test it out!
Calling all Okie punk rock enthusiasts.
New episode featuring will go live tomorrow.
We suggest you get your skulls ready.
i want a dining hall in my apt
I hope this isnt a bad thing
thanks for the connection.
lololol.
i just remembered our kesha youtube video
That is an excellent suggestion!
RT : go for some Craft beer in a can from San Diego.
I have back to back vacations :
I am potentially looking for another writer for the EntreprenOriole.
If interested, DM or Email me at
: I didn't know was such a huge Bobcats fan, thx for the heads up.

awesome website.
All dog owners should read up on the excellent tips.
Good work!!!
The highest destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
if it isn't a poem, then I think you should make it so  write it!
Xo
Someday I hope 2 go c Della Reese preach  her church n I really wanna meet Roma Downey.That would b Amazing
This is gonna be a fun ass summer
just good ol' instagram!
finally adjusted to college life...and so I'm back!
writing up a storm and getting a myspace together.
OMG, is it, it can't be !
ITS lol
Do you still root for the Spurs or The Nuggets..since you live there?
Cherry tomatoes :  winning no I'm not lonely, I'm truly hungry :p
Thanks  we'll put the word out.
Night Justin3333 I love you:
Well , I'll let myself speak for myself ; Things are getting good!
Where's everyone going for Mother's Day brunch?
81 degrees  it's not even noon!
Feels like a great day for ice cream  Dave  Andys will be scooping all you favorites until 10:00 p.m.!
I totally agree
A cheerful heart is good medicine.
Can't wait to wing it your way.
The 2 of you and the lovely are terrific NZ ambassadors.
Smallbusiness QA: Make just one stop before starting up
Forward Raffi Torres signs with the Phoenix Coyotes!
Do we have any hockey fans here in the valley?
Finally home from a long day...
now on to the next one
sounds good dude, you look fly
I can't believe the name of Tim Tebow's dog is considered newsworthy.
She did get Leo his spiderman birthday present!!
He's going to be stoked
Watching Novelas With My Mommy C: I Like How We Argue With The Actors Like Its Going To Change Anything Lol.
I'm jealous too :
hello my love :
I guess I better check Facebook.
Hah
did it again with goblin.
i suggest yall cop that
RT : Anything and everything for you.
Last day of classes today!
Good luck today and with your upcoming finals.
Brooklyn's population in 1860 was 266,000 Brooklyn's population in 1870 was 396,000  a 50 increase over the decade.Don
Teenage boys are infinitely less dickish in YA novels than they are in real life.
Hm, movies with savage next weekend3 oh yeah.
God, Bring the real teachers!!
I was thinking the same thing, also notice the Adam's apple?
Haha
send some of your work to
I still can't stop smiling from last night.
I knew there was something off about you lol do you have to work all weekend?
Dave just pointed out that 2 of my final projects have to do with crazy, obsessive dancing.
I wonder what that says about me.
on the game you say?
How much per hour?
I wanna go skydiving
As responsible SEOs and web developers, we can never forget Technical SEO practices as content marketing grows!
The season finale of Parks and Rec just made me cry like a bébé.
Do you mean mind state?
Surely you have good energy given physique and diet.
The extra daily activity makes me play better.
We have all sides of the gaymarriage issue covered , the news starts now!!
shout out to our sponsors including
Getting doctornk of Coppola wine.
Each bottle is filtered through celluloid from the Godfather right?
If not it should be.
To all goldoctorsh thinkgolditsfriday followers be prepared, I should have something fun 4 everyone in the near future to continue the rush.
precisely...
he is very Tebowesque.
There's a REASON I use Bucky Katt for my avatar.
You sure are a tweeter tonight!
Mazzetti,said it was the most secret mission in US history.
Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
Storytelling for Fun  Cultural Literacy  Peace and Conflict Resolution  Recovery and Empowerment  Business and Personal Voice Services
Oh trust me....we're pretty freaking excited about it!
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Socrates
ha!
I'd get in trouble if I made it Mothers Day Weekend.
I only get tomorrow.
;
Awesome new web series coming this fall.
Voting for the lead actresses starts next week!
Im Not Really Feeling Myself TodayOh Was That Your Leg?
Jeez..Sorry..
FPI didn't have enough money to buy the tickets , so theyh banned lady gaga :p Poor FPI
Congratulations, job well done!
Hope everyone has a better prom than I did!
Im gunna wear my new batman bra tomorrow fuck yeah bitches u jelous good :
yess i am
oh he won't sweet pea 
If the Lakers lose and the Clippers win, I WILL MOVE!!!
i know stupid which is y i said GOODNIGHT.LOL
Girl thick is good.!!
You betta hush all dat noise up !
ICanHonestlySay I have ALOT of work to do.
Broadway Bar this Friday!NO COVER!1.00 Margaritas 2.00 shots!!Good music,pretty people, it's FREE ladies 18 welcome,75 bottles b411pm!
can it be 3:00 yet?
i wanna watch some golf 
RT: Watching a woman get ready for work in the morning is one of the most beautiful things in the world.
Or most annoying
I have a toothache!
:
How well u play the doctorms
U can thank my 8th grade choir teacher.
badsinger : I think I am in love....
Did u just sing the Notre Dame fight song?
500 tweets!!
Woooot.
Time to sleep!
Yea, can i help setup?
Just landed in Miami.
Trip to Haiti changed our lives.
Met little John Diego who turns two in March.
Greg Jackson gives a quick summary of legal updates to watch re: security, privacy, accessibility,  copyright
me either!:
Do people still say 'sick'?
As in, 'wow, that is very exemplary'?
Because I'm pretty sure it never actually caught on in the first place.
Good luck!
Cannot wait to see what SAMCRO is up to now.
Good morning!
Hey, thanks for the praise!
We try our best.
Glad you enjoyed it.
thingsthedevilinvented lace fronts
I got 1,980,860 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run.
Beat that!
Check out !
they have the BEST House music selection and coolest Clothes!
i cant!!!
My goal is to touch her haha.
Did ya c lee clark got sacked??
Crazy eh?
I'm Cold And I Have No Headphones :
And the few include one of my closest friends since middle school!
The rest, i shall be glad to see them last time on May 31st!
Nice to meet you too!
Lovely, organic crosses in director Lori Raffel's blocking of this piece, too.
' Rebecca
I feel like I've swallowed so much of his stuff over the last 5 years that it all just came flying out.
Think this song will be huge, if ever gets released as a single.
Big postive responses from procon Adam.
From the snippets..
Congrats to for being selected this year's Indy 500 Pace Car doctorver.
Couldn't happen to a nicer person.
I Miss My Abuela...
Well , At Least I Dont Have To Worry Bout doctorving 3 Hours To See Her.
Now, I Only Gota doctorve Three Minutes Lbvs
Thanks, , for waking up at 5am to encourage me to workout, even though you're staying home today to play Diablo I.
;
In other news, Jason Bartlett is super dupe healthy.
Can play any time.
No injuries there.
Super healthy.
don't think im a player girl cuz if i was i would've played your bitch ass along time ago hoe, im just speakin truth
Make It or Break It is going to be done soon!
:
Enrique iglesias should stick to slow songs like hero 3
well not if they're in foreclosure lol.
that's bad!
That is the RIGHT attitude!
RT : better b safe or i'm never watching dwts again
I can't wait untuil the gemini lock in.
Its time to get mah marvel vs capcom and dance dance revolution on.
Happy Birthday.
I hope u have a blast.
The winner of the first ever GuessJacksScore contest is DM me your information and we'll get a prize out to you right away!
Come down to our Center Street location for Pickup, or Call 4143727666 for Delivery Anywhere in MKE Co w/20 order.
disabled texan , 2 time iraq war vet looking for help with my business venture.
Think you could help?
I get it
is bring FmisterPres Bill Clinton to AmericanU Bender Arena on Friday!
So happy to be an AU student!
Osama Bin Laden Caught and Dead!
Merry Christmas
Shout out to Anthony and for an entertaining chat to get updates on my life as a MaristAlumni :
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou when he calls me beautiful out of no where.
Great information on hospital readmissions; do you think ACOs will spur adoption of these solutions and more innovation?
you know i love your sexy horny bitchy ass!
i need to take this to heart...
i worry and have anxiety WAY too much...
Two heads are better than one.
The same is true with two hands are better than one.
I'm cautiously optimistic about my Info Technology midterm grade....
I'm going on Tuesday if you care to join.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm.
Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
Golda Meir
LOL XOXOX I need to see you!!
imagine if we were partying in manchester tonight...
Today is goin by SO fast .

You Guys are fast!
Thanks :
Amazing premiere last night at the Hollywood Fringe Film!
Our pilot opened for an amazing indie feature,
Helen is making pies.
That is a god thing!!!
I'll admit I've never done that...
I had a private viewing of Brittens conducting scores in his house in 1983.
So many marks!
I loved peering into his mind
virginia with B was fun!
love the label but let me know how the wine is if you get a chance  thanks!
Yes.
MT : Huge props to  volunteers for setting up and making it super affordable for all.
Presenting today on wabashcollege rhetoric dept's revised public speaking course focusing on rhetoric, engagement  the
thank you!
WE are big on ecofriendly moving
You eat an a?
No faints
I am as original as it gets.
Soccer...i meant Sokha..lol
Sunday night homework , joy .
Ginger looks like she has heart attack when she eats peanut butter
Dear Tapjoy, your forced ads on andoctorid are the most annoying and pathetic thing a game company can do.PS real dick move guys
doctorpped a heavy can of whipped cream on my ankle and gave myself a fresh bruise on top of the old bruise from the cortisone shot last week.
the same pool?
That's not how you raise money.
In my exp.
bus doesn't open the checkbook to all candidates.
hey hey everyone whats up i cant wait till tomorrow its our junior high homcoing
this refund better be fucking true!
oh shit I spaced them out.
Are they free tonight?
WHO'S HUNGRY FOR HALF PRICED TACOS?!
IT'S TACO TUESDAY!!
Aye William levy on dancing with the stars.
Can't wait :
I think Maidoctortes are gross but I'm gonna give them another shot today for lunch
Tweeting today from ikids conference at Or is it kidscreen?
About to try hot yoga for the first time.
Apparently I'll really love it or totally hate it.
Loving my week of services
I GOT IT, I GOT IT, SO SO SO HAPPPYYYYYYYYYY,
Two days into it I'm LOVING my power meter!
Thanks for making 155mm cranks!
Nap time 
I'm watching big time songwriters and you singing to Logan made my night.
It really did.
Thank you zoo much for making my night
hello big head
RT BreakingLDN: I really wish there was a favorite all button for tweets...
Cos I need it for
are you following my invisible shooting schedule?
lol
MLB AllStar game tix went on sale today, you going?
Ouch...
Definitely not looking forward to spring
Thank you for joining us for lunch today !
What did you try from the prixfixe menu?
Your problem is never really your problem, your reaction to your problem is your problem.
Yea the remake sucks.
Like that Miser brothers Christmas.
That sucked!!
Zuckerberg's hoodie rankles Wall Street yahoonews He's a BILLIONAIRE!
He can wear his a on his head!
Self promotion is a must.
crispinrocks...if I don't so it who will?
simplyopaque KeiraHenninger 
you know you have a cold when your nose is running like Usain Bolt.
I made this up by myself:D
Not sure which sucks more.
My school year class schedule or my summer time sleep schedule.
Well there goes that idea.
Can't sell my tickets on :/
Looking forward to dinner with my Aruba rep.
Twitter buzz for Olive Garden:  RT Olive garden yumm wish was here for her discount lmao
Its bamboo banga, what what?
HAHAHA nice job.
Come on by the Cornelia St.
Cafe tonight.
Abbasi/Hebert/Takeishi trio playing new  old tunes and some Monk!
Do you know if they got our logo in the video?
RT : Went great!!
Thank YOU!!
RT : haha, how did it go??
officially real life friends.
Efriends no longer.
PostHipsterism as Cultural Practice
And just like that, tickets are gone.
Thanks to all for making this year's event another sell out!
See you tomorrow!
RT : Taste, practical considerations,  familiarity almost always enter into it, to name just a few factors off the top of my head.
Just tried to send you a DM.
But not working.
Did you follow?
Hey do a story on our bed bugs!
I am INCAPABLE of taking a single day off!!
Headed to MI to shoot some footage tomorrow with the homies.
Watching the dancers kill it on the dance floor tonight at dmdcawards was so fun!
What a talented, positive company.
Three Daay weekend
Ah yes.
Yesterday she accepted my request of friendship.
Up early ready 4 these Houston Texans 2 do work...
don't listen to him it's a trap!
Due to Dad's little disaster in Jamaica, I'm maintaining his email.
Shocked at the things I am seeing.
I haven't really enjoyed it the last 2 years or so.
Before that it was excellent.
yoooooooooo where ya been
New Orleans has just three types of dining experiences: fine, finer, and finest  A travel guide in my library
: Reading my tweets is probably the best way to understand me, before you really understand me in depth Afro
From all of us at Print1Media, we wish all of you a wonderful holiday!!
LastTimeIChecked sandals were meant to be worn without socks......
if you do don't be surprised when people perceive you as a douche.
thanks for the support!
Just trying to spread the Word!
D
Fun meeting you today too!
Our Annual Spring Benefit Sale is coming up Jun 4th, don't miss it.
doctorpping knowledge
I once had a very tall coworker who liked to work standing up.
Her laptop was placed on a shelf that was above my eye level.
Yeah, Vern got up first.
But the second he did, right away reached for his glass to hit him with.
Bitch Move.
tru.
Hey ill b back in few gotta check in my system really quick and handle something.
Also, Ben bought the Lightships LP tonight.
3 songs in and I'm already completely and madly in love with it.
Reminds me of Mojave 3 a bit.
gear icon  settings  filters  create new filter  fill out from section  pick destination.
How far that little candle throws his beams.
So shines a good deed in a weary world.
Shakespeare
Do you ever wish you could have a pizza with the impossible consistency of cheese they had in Ninja Turtles?
Kindling.
Paper airplane armada.
Earthquake kit toilet paper.
The more shoutouts we receive tonight.
The better chance you will have to receive free merchandise.
Shout us out.
And RETWEET and FOLLOW.
excited about the Robert Shepard film this Friday!
.
What was the lie?
If you wanted to seem cool, I hope you said you don't even know what twitter is!
Another reason I'm glad I'm not on Facebook.
I Heard that diva...I m confused until Rodgers makes some moves and they get into a positive groove.
CoSign!!!
Good way to live by!!!
I write only because there is a voice within me that will not be still  Sylvia Plath
THE BEST WAY TO GET ATTENTION FROM SOMEONE IS TO STOP PAYING THEM ATTENTION...
;
I heard kellz set it up an flockaaa u hit
Of course I'm still playing.
Starts my day.
You?
: HAHA.
It's Tuesday?
Duh.
That snow day threw my week off.
I loved that Stryper album, To Hell With Fred Phelps.
'bout to hit the road for a Wausau gig with in the middle of a snow storm...we are some smart gentlemen.
thanks gawd you didn't put my whole phone number on blast!
whew!
I really wanna meet this year 3
no doubt
why don't you just see who it is.?
It's prob who ever you live with.!!!!
Did Tim just compare his wedding to a burial?
Run!
The system mirrors the way the album looks NOW and if they have removed the book it will not stay on your computer!
Many guests recall a personal story of connections that they've made with this Benson cafe.
I wish the PM would find this guy guilty already and come back, because I am getting no work done doing his job and mine.
Just wrapped up the Product Spotlight at CAMEX ...
had some great conversations!
At least I can count on the Sixers to choke
areyoureallystill wearing a curl bag on your head....
MAN I LOVE THE SOUTH
Happy Friday to a few of my fav bloggers FF cont'
Merry christmas :
Can't wait to try out Ping!!
yeah that's right, i follow content management systems on twitter.
what!
Another couchsurfing crossover.
I almost cried.
Buy ZION and STI
i'm bored as hell but at least i'm off for the day
Good Morning Starshine, the Earth says hello.
nope!
get that guy out
We're at ASTD2012 next week!
Bob and Becky are presenting M, T and W.
We're also in booth 809.
Come say hi!
LOL.
That's silly.
Everyone knows black people are on lower scale of income.
Poverty creates crime, ergo.....
Equal Time trumpeter Forbes Graham heartily endorses Basmati rice
changes into large tshirt and crawls into bed after putting Lord Of The Rings on the tv
the worst are knicks fans, who think their tm is getting better.
Capped out, untradeable pieces and incompatible.
i got gas for 3.19 last night, the swamp people were having a party
Told my nephews about the true color of the sun, white.
I may as well have said Santa isn't real.
Wanna get down on 5/5, otherwise known as Cinco De Mayo?
Come to see Big Eyed Phish.
If you're a Dave Matthews Band fan, get on this!
thank you girl :
Broke my leg while training for a half marathon : Walked on it for 2 weeks before I found out it was broken!
Did you know 65 of all statistics are made up?
Statistics are tools and are only as effective as the hands the are in
dammit I spelled with an E and autocorrect has it like a chic name.
Love you, miss you!
everyone keeps saying that..I need to call my carrier.
I thought you were just busy..but you didnt get it.
gay van idk try to talk him into going it's such a nice day and I'm making a spear as we speak
The LFP building is crazy.
Everything is gold.
Larry Flynt knows how to do it like a Baller True
Anybody else loosing their lotto virginity today?
I'm going to buy my very first ticket today.
If you make it be sure to stop by the REDD booths!
Did Zach Randolph bump the ref????
lol
totally w/ ya on that.
My car got shot in MKE.
I bondo'd it, sanded it down and spray painted it.
Too broke for the real fix.
so excited to have 's support for If you're not following ,check out their AMAZING mentoring program!
already did:
just stay home and study for your test you know they gonna lose.
Small jazz labels are not the enemy.
There are people who invest money courageously into music that has limited mass appeal.
there you go...
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Creative without strategy is called 'art'.
Creative with strategy is called 'advertising'.
Jef I.
Richards
lol i know crazy so many people after it,,
School im so tired :/
Travelers report great healthcare services in Europe.
The pharmacies can prescribe 4 most needs, and they speak English.
big Fan of Nas
I must say that working with the Korean and Ethiopian cultures of Los Angeles has been amazing!!
Crazy birds in texas
I'm not ashamed of being a System of a Down fan.
I can already tell this is going to be a crappy week
Martin Mayhew is on FIRE!
Good to see the turnaround and not wasting doctorft picks like the last regime.
A doctorft so far!
really?
I'm sitting next to you.
Bahaha.
thegaylife gotta love it:
I'm not the demographic for that chevy spot...
Not a fan of reckless stupid extreme activities in a car
The largest Publisher of printed material is  US Government.
No surprise when you think about our country's bureaucratic nature.
This CAN'T happen again!!!!!
We can't wait to hear your new songs!
We love up and coming artists!
Early adopters lose again.
Going to get my iPhone on June 19 for 99.
Bloodycheckers is not a checkers game ?
I love how you patient with me babe.
Yup.
We're like cockroaches.
need some brah run good again.
tshirts be selling!
we're just taking over the world...
nobigdeal 1Directioners :
Man, guys are rude AF.
Come on down to Liberty Park!
We're playing some great films!
Congresswoman Diana DeGette will answer your questions next week.
What would you like to her to talk about?
we loved having u back 2 back Sundays in our lil' hub....what an HONOR!!
U guys kill it ...
Bee Oh Emm Bee
Don't get much better than Brees
This is the most sick I've been in a long time.
Lying down watching Iron Man.
:
Jim, I have 2000 people waiting for this...
How hot will Washington D.C.
be for Memorial Day weekend?
Booked a First Act Music Company Commercial for this week!
2day is the LAST CHANCE 2 get their prom gown!
49pm Crystal WeddingsBanquets in DE!
email for deets!
RT : I hope somebody walks into the Lakers locker room and slaps the dog shit out of Gasol.
marry Christmas ms.
Collins
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport.
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100 to your training, diet and mental approach.
Rod Stewart had the 1 song on this day in 1971 with Maggie May.
I love all of his music.
Read you play Chicago all the time  definitely come again soon, and let me know when!
Thnx for following me, btw...
the new site looks great
ahaha I have it here on my iPod.
: it's all good!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music  Weekly Ticket Giveaways!
Send an email to to sign up!
saito austere.
Lots of text.
Assume it's readable on the poster.
The more love you have for God, the less fear you'll have for everything else.
Egypt pretty much passed a law that said you can have sex with your dead wife's body for up to 6 days.
Its weird
Sean Murphy also describes the i2b2 hive protocol as RESTful, when it's more XMLRPClike.
Sigh.
also was at hardoctorck.
ended up at opium and passions, crazzy night lol
Can i Get a AMEN!
Damn gon be late
Thank You for the mention!
Hajaksiangabakdkff RT : I wonder how mental is during this OT lol
thanks: we would really appreciate it if you could get your friends to check us out also:
what time?
do we have a game this friday?
SAVE THE BULLSHIT FOR THE BIRDS
Lebron James.
KG.
D Rose.
Danny Granger.
Tony Allen.
Matt Barnes.
Lol
I am sure we will hear her name in a few minutes lol
replica guns The Incredible Airsoft Automatic Electric Gun Part I ;O
u welcome :
for real!
I don't want to practice!
lol I changed my twitter name
It's curious how when girls say bye on the phone they elongate the yyyyyyye.
As a girl, I must, otherwise others think I'm upset w/ them.
RT Walker leads Barrett 50 to 44 among likely voters, says MU Law School Poll.
It was Walker 4847 two weeks ago.
Are you all livestreaming the DontMessWithTXWomen rally by any chance?
That picture is awesome!
nothing crappier than having to turn down a really good job.
I couldn't agree more  somethings got to give.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
the Tuscan Guac!
I wasn't OVERLY impressed with any 1 taco but the fish taco was pretty tasty cc:
Off work!!!
Waiting for my ride...
.
hmu!
haha thanks!
I don't worry too much.
They'll get it done.....hopefully :
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned.
Struther Burt
I love you.
I think I just got hit on.
Good thing I'm wearing my bitch sunglasses.
Makin New Hits
This was always my secret trick in grad school to deal with the person who called up for the number for a pizza place on Neil.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
You have the toughest job of all 3
whaat.
i love him.
That really is an excellent point!
Big day of shooting today with the best crew out there.
8 hours all crammed into one sweaty car!
I have never met so many sensitive men in all my years of living.
Do I need to give you my balls?
Man up!
LetsGetSweaty RT : I can't wait to workout together
brotips to cold for cutoffs
In 24 hours I'll be on a plane to Vegas!!!
Who!!!
GOOD MORROW Lady Kiley..
Hope thy Slumber Twas a great one ...
are there pics of that?
Hey !
We're doing a Redo Your Shoe craft night with   any chance of some free samples?
Twitter miss me?
i think so :
Judge Victoria A.
Graffeo simplified things writing, The purposeful viewing of child pornography on the internet is now legal in New York.
nah, we're jut both astute natitude observers
If it wasn't for my zero black I could sleep until 7:40
Spur of the moment.
We actually went buying
You know that blank wall in your place?
I can help you fix that ....
Goat, chopper, spring, Caesar, Mediterranean.
Which salad will you choose?
All are  off today
Check out for adults writing about their experiences and visions for change.
Up and atom!!!!
I'm just trying to stay humble
what is it like being as famous as you are ?
he's doing local car dealership commercials for money, 600k is a lot in that sense lol
Blowin tree headed to
Seeing yourself the way GOD sees you leads to a life of overwhelming victory!winning!!!
Sure he does.
Hurts you a lot doesn't he?
Can you honestly tell me he's never hurt you?
Happy Memorial Day.
Have a safe holiday weekend!
lmao the ducks are everywhere!
I was gonna take a picture but then it was staring at me so I decided not to lol
Hey!
Sorry out took so long to respond.
How are you?
dm me, i have something to tell you.
KD has won exactly 1 more playoff series than Oden and has been to the playoffs 1 less time than the Blazers.
I LOVE MASSAGES
jealousy isnt cute
yes I did.
Been tweeting about it!!
Great.
Go see it.
Think Depps make up is over done.
Could be a bit darker.
Not a spoof.
I BEEN THINKIN BOUT YOU.
Lazatin thanks Aquino for Disneyland study
Gameplay programmers looking for a change?
Ping me if you're interested in working for arguably the highest rated studio in the country.
zw
Temporal patterns of happiness and information in a Global social network.
I'm going to make so many wishes tomorrow!!!!
Chiggers are included on your list of top 5 hygiene concerns.
Yes we do!
Perfect balance of sweet and spicy!
Always fun trying something new.
Rubio just took it over!
What, what!
RT : Turner broke a World Record for 14 made shots behind backboard in 60 seconds!
I have the 1857.
Pre dates commercial baking powder.
Recipes for breads and biscuits are interesting!
this isn't how we taste  swedish fish
I love it!
It was actually a client, her boyfriend and their dog but YOU WIN 2 Cupcakes for a great guess!
RT : Travelling to Italy?
Irving Stone: The Agony and the Ecstasy: A Biographical Novel of Michelangelo
Marking a smoothie with fresh strawberries to power up for a highenergy hike at Schenley Park this evening.
It's almost Friday!!!
You work hard all week long, reward yourself this weekend with your favorite flavor of Stinky Gringo Margarita!
Yeah, for example every other sentence ends with the word fool!
can you plzzz follow me i luv you so much im not like these
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Whenever I read or hear P.S.
I love you, I don't think of the movie anymore, my mind automatically thinks PSanders I love you.
RT : Thanks for the ticket donation to be used for Fuzzy Horse Show prizes.
awesome!
We can't wait, it should be a good time!
thankfulfor and his guests  always a good show.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Enjoy your day!
Should be interesting to see if they brought the college game into the pros.
Man on Fire
If you have kids or like games where you need to move around i suspect you will like it
only applies for direct ordering through me by phone, or email.
Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue
Thanks for the follow!
We are following back.
your fans love 2 watch  listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch  listen 2 ur own stuff?/
its crazy to think that you could change
When I watched on TeenHoot where I met Peyton;
DITTO!
: The end of the school year has me busy, busy, busy!
I haven't been able to tweet much lately!
lifeofateacher
In relationships, sometimes we fail to give the ones we love the benefit of the doubt and assume the worst.
Love can't survive without trust
How would William Blake spell Kegger??
VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION!
:D
your show is definitely the best show on MTV 3
have fun!
Sure u will, love Bic  Major too!
I hate it when someone start texting  they randomly stop after like 4 txt .
It's like why did you text me?
What we all want in life is a shot, but what we do with it...that's the story we all want to tell...
check your DM's!
:
7pm Thursday work for you?
If so, I'm marking it on my calendar right now!
A video as your cover photo....
we just fell in love
Incomplete Passes made Top 12 Holiday Book Pick List!
Check out all the great reads at www.spiritedwoman.com!
I need someone to say I'm proud of you and I got your back no matter what..
2013 Toyota Land Cruiser
ehhh I'm alright.
How are you?
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Done and Done!
Cool.
if it's dice you can do the entire space in a spreadsheet in a few minutes.
But I hate the bruteforce way :
But  Buenos Dias :
Women are like stars...only one can make your doctorams come true!
nuthin much, what's up with you?
I got an A in English omg what.
LOL..do you think its true about Jelena being over??
MetroDiner opens in about an hour!
O will it never be day!
you should come say hi to me k
hustle till the death of me, cant settle for nothin
it's like, I can feel the music :D
Wa!
:' Yes I am bawling my eyes out!
Not saying what happened either.
In East coast right now.
My Moma so irritating sometimes 
Sounds like this guy had one or two bad experiences and is now antilibrary.
omg omg want
At SAA Central until 6pm.
Come visit!
Any teachers out there use KhanAcademy in their classroom?
Would like some input on it if you can please message me!
God is great!
Time for some football!!!
Who cares who wins, play hard and may the commercials be awesome!
Nice job Kelly!
Ice cream for dinner, bacon for desert.
so how do you think my terps will do realistically this year, do we at least get in march madness or will that be next year?
Are yall doctorpping 3 EPs similar to OneMoment?
Or will it be solo stuff from each of u?
Don't be so sure...
The Knicks are the most loaded 8 seed I've ever seen.
thanks!
I will give these a listen tonight!
This lil Indian cab doctorver is a bit of a tear off!
Love your character!
Hilarious!
RT : Walkietalkies AND my red hoodie.
E.T.
swag.
iknoe right.
He's a freakin a.
But...Bahahha.
Hope we've shown how important your feedback is.
We look forward to your next visit!
Please let us know how it is!
RT Tonight's gonna be crayyy with
hey!
Why you no like Tweetdeck?
Then there is the part where you remember that not everyone belongs to your religion.
about time starts giving back to it's worshippers.
's founder 's 8th grade music teacher is not only fav teacher but now Board advisor and mentor!
Harry Potter.
Can't sleep.
Heading to this family function in a little bit...
her eyebrows are WAY too overplucked in the front damn
So everyone thinks George bush looked frail.
Sitting near Russel Simmons; forrest whitaker walked by.
Oprah and Usher said to be near too
I can finally curl my hair again!
:
I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
you stay converting the haters; follow back
Off to Minneapolis....
GOPACKGO !!!!
okay bclear I see you.
Happy Friday!!
FindSomeoneWho can accept you for who you are, not what they want you to be
i follow and i would love justins skype please ?
thanks:
First run in over a week.
I hate running on the treadmill.
I don't care how old I get, using automatic car washes is always going to bring me an exuberant amount of joy.
Wowza!
To what do I owe the honor of being followed!?!
;
Very Interesting
Misread headline.
Thought library had adult films Library launches program for adults and film lovers historyofobscenity class to blame.
As a Midwestern transplant, let me just say: USC  and all of LA can't HANDLE a little rain.
Jerry Lee Lewis marries again at 76, keeps it close to home
is there a Facebook event page, so we can share the word with other members?
Thank you for recommending our content!
I found a quarter in my basketball shorts pocket.
Slept in this morning cause its gonna b a long weekend!!
Sitting in a bad neighborhood at a junkyard in my dads truck with the doors locked...cliche?
hey how are you...
A huge learning day.
Went into uncharted regions of the inner worlds to help my client.
Lots to meditate on.
Never a dull moment.
All AOK.
Crime has gone down under his watch, that's for real.
Cant argue that, and Walker's accomplishments?

omfg what they're writing is going to be rainbows and unicorns that is all
to have to earn it.
Now its so easy that we don't do the small things to earn the girl!
Swam 3 times this week!
Swam 30 min and walked 2 miles at lunch, then just now ran 3 miles!
Getting my mojo back!
oh I was thinking damn ur parents got a BOAT..LOL!
a cruise.
in 2011, 2run deficit with 2/3 of the game gone and I turn it off.
in 2012 I don't believe they'll come back but I do think it's possible
Life is too short and fragile to waste a moment in fear and hatred
you know I miss that place!
Jason is at booth 618.
Stop by and say hi, plus a firstever panel is scheduled for 1/18 at 6:30 AM, Anaheim Room!
Miley Cyrus is trending !!!!!!
: This pattern: sucking, imitating, innovating...
idea10
Vincent Voiture Fortune is a great deceiver.
She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Overall vacancy rates in Austin decline in Q3 from 21.1 down to 19.5 overall.
I'm at lucky strike again.
Bowling with my girlfriend.
Two days straight of bowling.
HappySunday !
I've been extremely slacking on my Twitter!
Sworry!
I'm going to change that I promise!
Xoxo Tweet me!
Following people!
Only 23 of workers report working to their full potential.
Thank You!
It's been great so far!
Even though my neighbor spilled red wine all over me, had a fantastic time.
Well played.
So you pass to the left and sail to the right.
JT is getting me together right now.
Fffffffffffffffffuck I forgot about my online class last night.
My day just went from bad to worse :
they are Sailor Jerry designs from the 40's60's, I just re painted them.
StepMom is making me cookies .
;
that stinks :/ but it's because we didn't use any snow days so we get out earlier
Spartans get better doctorw than Kentucky, and really so does louisville.
lol i bot a pack of brittish tea today and omg i love it it is so god!
Am I demanding?
Yes.
Am I Single?
Yes.
Correlation?
I think not!
When you fuck her good she gone tell somebody might tell her mama !!
LMAO
i need some more pictures of you on my instagram account.
start doing interesting things when we hang out.
lol please do!
You don't have to know players to like a team.
Lol
just saw you in FindingYourRoots .
Really enjoyed it.
Where can I see Street Fight?
Thank you
A Michelin chef called me 3 times and left me an angry voicemail because I won't work at his restaurant.
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta.
So glad Al Jefferson is finally in the playoffs, he was one of my favorite Celtics when I was there.
Best post moves in the league
So much going on in healthcare marketing these days.
word no doubt.
Keep putting out that good music!!!
I love how absolutely nothing happens.
From here it's nothing but tension  build up.
And voice overs.
and you and him can sing together!!
awww haha
thanks!
Just wait till its decorated for the
Wow!
2 weeks from today i'll be on a plane to LA for the MegaIIN conference.
So excited!
I lowkey don't want this stupid iPhone anymore.
.
it bores me.
HowToAnnoyYourServer order a diet coke and 3 sides of ranch for your Cobb salad.
Vincent is buried in Sleepy Hallow, one of the state's most beautiful cemeteries.
Worth a visit
My teacher told me I'm the type of girl that likes the glass half full????
What does that even mean???
great time to be a trout bum.
I mean, yes, you can avoid the handset subsidy model.
But you can't get to a price that reflects that you paid for the handset
you have to show your work for full credit
Churches need to star Skyping confessionals.
thanks man
Great article on What focuses on: Tools, Tech, Training.
2 speak on this
looks like it'll be a hot and muggy race for the gasparilla run tomorrow
Jerk xP
And chocolate milk holy moly me oh my
I'm with you.
I think they would be pretty solid if that happens.
Watching oregon spring game, these dudes are gettin loose
Hey that's my tattoo!
:
Whiskey should never be chilled, but its okay to pour over ice.
Learn more whisky trivia from the bar staff at Barrel 44, 1120 N.
High
Thank you for releasing a new Ablaye Cissoko album!
Sira was transcendent..
if you could fly, but you could only fly as fast as you coud walk and you had to flap your arms, would you fly or walk most often?
since.
the.
80s.
FUCCCCCCCK MY LIFE.
I know love.
:/ I'm hoping you can sleep soon as do I.
But I'm going to lay down in about 20.
you should!
It's a blast!
Maybe will join you :
Just wrote a new song!
It's about the moon:
Im so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me.
Zig Ziglar
you should come with or I can hook you up with this dude who has some he's cute but way to sexual for me
at the moment I'm in my hotel room at The Modern.
Be happy to talk to you over coffee/smoothie somewhere.
I have to believe remote web inspector is going to be in iOS 6.
At least, I'm hoping.
Leadership is defined by how you handle a crisis.
Most anyone can handle calm seas.
A true leader shines through the storm.
can't wait!
What part?
I laughed out loud at the article in GQ about DowntonPBS  too funny!
aren't those candycane Jojos awesome?
Buy early!
They sell out by midDec at latest.
I have to mail them to my mom in nonTJ zone!
thanks!
It's a little dollhouse fixer upper :
When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think, they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked.
guh....
you already know
Indeed he did sign Mike Williams.
I could see Chip taking LaMichael in the 2nd rd.
It's not for church.
lol
thank you for the love back
you just made me feel ten times better
are you the same owner as ?
hahhaa.
:
Happy to b a follower!
Hope u r doing well 2!
Dam it i still want smothered fries from chubbies
That's my girlfriend's sex toy.
Yo, thinking about copping a record player...you still have some of the records right?
Yup.
Esp my ass crack.
Some of yal are to dam old to be quoting Chief Keef
are you up to date with this season?
Haha I bet he did :D
No luck at Verizon Store...seems like my outlet plug on side of Blackberry is bad.
Too much usage.
May have to take my talents to Sprint
It doesnt even feel like the last day of school..
Did you know that you can eat right help you look your best?
Good nutrition for healthy glowing skin is easy.
Me and Harry's childoctorn will have a widows peak.
That's all, goodnight.
YOU CRACK ME UP!!!!
Hahaha!!!!!
You ROCK!!!!
Champion Wide Receiver.
Champion Dancer!!!
Solid 9s ...
GREAT WORK!!!
do you know what side of town is preffered as far as out of town teams coming in?
Its all about Jesus, not religion.
We have seen and testify that the Father has sent the Son to be the Savior of the world.
1 Jn 4:14
Now that Bones continues to be untouchable, there is only one thing left to do: Watch the 4th OT this series in HawksCoyotes.
I'm paying 4 a review.
He wants to know if is paying him too.
LOL Smart kid.
cc:
Thank you!
RT : Saying my prayers and including you, too!
Thanks for the info Eric...I'm just figuring out all the benefits of the ipad for the classroom.
safe travels : x
Wish I could go to the cornyval :
requesting it a bunch of times :
AH GO BIG BLUE!!!!!!
Houston Bound!!!
very much agreed hun :
EXACTLY.
But will add ROI still possible.
Brands need to treat UFC like any other sports property.
That awkward moment when doctornk people offer church kids their half doctornk beer...
Idk why Freddy text me then don reply.
Little bitch already has me in dislike with him right now.
Same got my own Crib now Moms paying Rent lol till I leave for Texas
People pisss me the fuck off.
YallNeedToBreakUpIf there is no trust
There's just two of us right now, but it'll allow for easy expansion in the future.
Got my people wit me at FREMOS
it's been a good run!
trend chriscorradinoislegit for Chris!!
pretty please help
Thanks for showing for today's surprise lunch plan.
Brilliant, isn't he?
Universal studios all weekend :
Wii Fit tells me I'm overweight...
by .06 BMI!
lol Stupid balance board.
Take a big deep breath and think about all the things for which you are thankful.
New tour dates posted at bearlakemusic.com.
Gonna be a helluva summer!
I'm So Lowkey for No Good Reason.
Wrote a node.js server today in about 5 minutes.
Cool stuff.
Q4 WW spaghetti w/ homemade sauce; baking or grilling more vs.
frying.
I hope prevails in getting international service at Houston Hobby!
Competition is good.
cc
Sedgwick County's Chase Dunker threw consecutive nohitters earlier this month.
He has a 1.04 ERA with 106 Ks in 47 IP
kids ruin everything, especially in the apocalypse
I'd like to punch some of these Indiana Republican politicians in the throat.
thatisall :
lots of anger in Madison, does every local business have to choose sides?
how are other local businesses handling it?
i feel like the Zack Morris of this retirement home.
Looking for my Screech
ha!
Just like that?
I'm and I'm bored.
So I'll just get on my phone while we're supposed to be congratulating a finalist.
thank you!
:
Aww...
hugs you You'll never leave me!
:3
I am doing nothing but going home...
The finder turns researching benefits into something simple  just like using turbotax, using categories and a faceted search tool
testing my might on this big hill later on..
x
I spottedtheshuttle but will it do another pass?
Please??
Catching mom up on Dexter Were so
how are you bro
please follow me back please
What's the best freebee you got at a conference last year?
They are what they are!
Sound lucky to have you.
What's happening on I40 through ABQ?
Can't get from west to east.
Clogged everywhere.
so in listening to power 106.
why did they mention requesting some YG .
Kentucky derby?
No thanks.
I'm good on watching horses
Got the freshy freshy seat on my airtran flight from Vegas to Milwaukee....
that was a great phone call.
Remember, you cannot make someone love you, you can only make yourself someone who can be loved
I like the Greenies too!
blood diamond is so good
My feed is just a bunch of people doctornk off bball!!
I love it :
Also...
A shower can truly change your whole day.
super for real!!
I posted the link to the news story on your facebook page, as well as the link to the music video he made..
This dude said he shuldaa took a shower this morning cuz he aint take one in awhile.
He fckin
well you are one of the lucky ones.....I don't have that luxury.
I wish...maybe someday but not now!
Amare stoudamire what an idiot punches something and fucks up his hand in the
Fair...
maybe.
The negativity hurts recruiting tho and Pitino is as defensive as I have seen him w/ media lately.
Well that makes sense, since Pitbull is an awful musician
Now following...
hello!
;
BIG DJ!!!
: RT : We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!!
Where are all of my carnival people?
We at the Adamouski Institution are professorssional art consultants, we do not wish to appear unprofessorssional, nor are we unprofessorssional anyhow
Thanks for following.
Uh oh.
Laundoctor Elves have been here.
They piled dirty laundoctor on the floor in their characteristic Dump It style.
Got a sudsy feeling.
hope u ain't wearing that Knicks jersey.
Lol.
check out our limited time free posters promo
Just ate at razzos
yikes!
sorry !
least you look fab.
: LOL RT : Wow RT : So wait.
How will the NBA have their Superbowl in February if they start so late?
:
Remembering when I met composer Giya Kancheli.
I remember he said, I don't know how to write fast music.
u live in tx
He's from the Real World.
What, like Reseda?
One out of four American households own a cat
Music is what I always turn to when I'm feeling a certain way.
It's my reason for everything.
Sounds AWESOME!
Any special plans when you hit South Beach?
lmao...
yea he zesty as hell!!!!
wouldn't expect anything less, destroy the hotel?
Still managing to make shots, but it will be a long second half for them if that changes.
I hate hurting the people I care most about.
Selfworth comes from one thing  thinking that you are worthy.
Wayne Dyer
It's cheaper than a beer ;
I could say all kinds of things, like they mate for life, work together as a community, etc but it's just filler.
Even at 75 off, the Yankee Candle Electric fails to tempt me
ikr!!!!!
Cuz then you could be closer to ONE DIRECTION!!!!!
haha i live in the USA all the way
he's just been no fun for me tho
Pay it forward
Everyday should be a progressing day
if your hair doesn't frizz at the slightest hint of humidity I probably secretly really dislike you
YES!
I will DM you the CovertTU password right now!
StayAwayFromMeIf you think All Time Low sucks
so bad at keeping up with people.
miss my college friends.
really wasn't that long ago dareihashtagthisone?
yes I am back in town!!
Let's meet up if you have time!
I am staying around 4th and Brannan!
Thanks for the RTs!
well I don't think so....I'm pretty alive right now :
Thank you everyone who came out last night for Pause for Dinner  it was a great night for the animals!
Sitting in a nice doctor car  getting doctornched walking to music class.
What a beautiful day in Baltimore to be a genius!
How's that leftover turkey tasting this afternoon?
confused and bored as hell in Cole Jaskson c;ass with
Unbelievably...Percy Harvin has became the most important player on the Vikings roster.
Guy is SO versatile.
Just curious on why I wake up so early..
Everyone I thought would cancel didn't....and almost everyone I didn't think there was a chance would cancel did.
sittin here watching
i did
i was hacked!
weet!
Sunny day in the schnorting capital.....
Struggle city....
27.5k at 2/400.
Came back from dinner with 37.5 and it's been downhill from there.
28 mins left in the level.
I found my download info for doctoramweaver!
most memorable 2011 moment.
Writing that note to daughter  finding it weeks later on the top of her doctorsser, front  center.
Wow!
I had never seen one before yesterday.
How did you find out about them?
So much doctorma!
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
Wayne Dyer
happy to announce that i have been endorsed by sixteen City Prosecutors.
more detail on www.jamesjmcdonnell.com.
thanks for the support.
stop trying to be me
hey dude how have you been?long time no talk....oh cool dude make some more followers and twitter will be fun to use
It's our half chicken entree w/ new spring local veggies.
On the menu of Georgetown.
it was delish.
RT if you take showers...
I hope so....
Wieseltier and Goldstein engaging one another as part of discussion of Spinoza's tolerance.
Twitter can't contain this.
Amazing.
Hahah.
Duh.
That's my homie.
Thank goodness we'll get a web redemption on that tune!!
Sucked.
when are you qoinq to sleep??
good morning :
Is Monday and this week needs to be over already
and what should we bring?
my mom never yells at my brother for anything WHAT THE FUCKITY FUCK
Looking forward to them!
civilwar quote of day.
Confederate woman on e p 'old abe wants to deprive us of all that fun!
No more cotton, sugar cane, or rice'
It is certainly spectacular, the costumes are just absolutely beautiful,the detail and the colours are divine.
10 off coupon SHENYUNFANS
Absolutely!
You?
RT : you FOCUSED??
GoLakers!!
Greetings...stop by on this beautiful Monday morning and receive a pack of THC capsules w/any 25 donation.
Strain of the day is Kushwreck!
Utilizing gargantuan terms to appear more intelligent.
Thus begins the season of visual molestation as people unveil their nasty toenails through season appropriate footwear.
Anytime!
Hope you find some awesome people!
The key to living without stress interference is changing the deeply ingrained mind set that stress is somehow good for us.
Maybe it is God telling you You don't need fortune advice, you have Christ.
: 
And our confirmations are out for bmorehistoric!
If you missed the chance to RSVP, sign up for our waitlist and we'll try to get you in.
Football b havin me tired
MortgageLoans  Indigo Mortgage is 100 Certified NMLS.
: I be having sum crazyy funny doctorams lmao smh
why not?
When life gives you lemons, murder a prostitute.
Trust me, you'll feel a lot better.
what?
For real?
Congratulations to Laura J.
the winner of the Sun Jar Giveaway!
Special thanks again to for sponsoring this wonderful giveaway!
Damn that's sum fuckd up shit right there....
Going through some of my favorite writers to find and follow.
I hope they follow back :
John Larinitis is making RAW bad any more and getting sick of watching it.
If it keeps up I'm done watching it.
Never been this bad
Agreed.
Newt's awake today.
Time to relax and let me sing to you.
Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs.
Message me your email addoctorss Ill send u Mp3s.
So tired, but can't sleep.
My head scarf falls off every night, I dont know why I even bother to put it on at night....smh
because it's a beautiful day!
Will be channeling my inner while judging LP oral args this week!
:
Man next to me in airport is apologizing over and over and over and over to his wife/girlfriend because he couldn't take her call yesterday.
RT : Anecdotal evidence suggests to me that early AM tweets w links don't get RTed as much as later in day.
What do you find?
I asked a 4 yr.
old today what he thought the meaning of life was.
He said to be alive.
Pretty good answer.
you not following me no mo?
WTH?
LOL.
BOOM
I just heard this song where this guy rhymes KODAK with know that.
True story.
Yesterday was a blast!
Played w/my Go Trio, Herbie Green,  Howard Johnson.
3 diff gigs.
Yeah, I would agree.
Unless it's a singleshot w/o editing, it needs a little more effort than traditional blogging.
sounds like trouble!
;
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad.
Jimmy Buffett
I hate adults that think they're too cool for teenagers, like uhm no...
our generation is cooler than yours JUST SAYING.
i can't wait to go...
i have a question though
I need bday ideas
Justin's not the father..
We know who it is.
Check this website : www.justinbieberzone.com
such wise words
you're welcome love :
Happy Opening Day!
loser.
How is school?
Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out.
Sir Girad
Tsunami warning for CA coast, north of Point Conception, 89a.
Waves expected to be  1 meter.
Boats in harbor will likely sustain damage.
BB let him know whats good with
You've got until Midnight tonight to get the 50 off HotchADo deal on www.crowdclick.com!
I don't know how tomorrow got to be Friday but I like it
Fruits and vegetables are rich in nutrients but are very low calorie diet.
Use this to quench your hunger.
I was planning on graduating in December 2013..
Just found out its actually may 2013.
I don't know if I'm happy about this
They really do!
Where can I find your mixtapes?
: how old are you?
I love the nyg but ive seen others win moreim assuming Rafa is younger so his tweet is awesome 4 him.
Westbury Seniors!
Go vote for your class favorites in the library during all lunches!
Vote me Textaholic!
;
No code needed
Ugh...
Spilled coffee all over the rug while playing with the dog this morning.
Guess my wakeup routine needs improvement.
Ya I wanted to say to you how you destroyed that hurdle but that was moment in your life where nothing needed to be said.
Keep shooting jumpers Bass.
The Celtics are up by about 30 so it's fine to keep missing.
YES!
That would be SWEET!
come to the mermaid!
Happy st.
Pat's!
PLEASE play Lindsay quit lollygagging and Umbrellas  Elephants at the Philly date!
Those 2 songs have had a huge impact on me
I'll be in NWA tonight and tomorrow.
Yesterday I covered all my interests in one day: acquired fmister data, led an improv workshop, met with web design client, played video games.
Just donated blood saving lives
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 2: Decide in advance who will open the presentation and who will close the presentation.
If a tomato is a fruit, shouldnt ketchup be a considered a smoothie?
deepthought 
Thanks!
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : Cool organizations FF:
Have a good trip Dave.
My wife has a good point: Florida law that says no duty to retreat is not the same as a right to persue and confront.
I think when guys are about to embark on an exciting adventure, instead of saying rock and roll they should start saying smooth jazz.
Taio Cruz has a British accent?!
what you feel is harmless, someone will, invariably, find to be highly offensive.
Sensitivity is at an all time high.
I've been painting my room for 5 hours 
Weird scenes inside the goldmine  JM
Everyone follow !!
Anyone that knows me knows how much of a DWade fan I am.
Since 2004.
Sophomore season.
My fingernails are all long an feel disgusting!
Shameless is a good show
IThankGod for his mercy and grace and his plan for my life.
Our Constitution enumerates specific powers for the Federal Government; all others go to the States.
Let NC prosper again!
Um, my baby is not a pirate or poisonous.
Nah!
Go out for steak instead.
i remember when you just hit 1 million.
Many states have doctorined their UI funds and are cutting the weeks of UI benefits for laidoff workers CC:
lol good one!
HA, no kidding.
Can hardly listen bc I'm trying to keep up with the Twitter feed :
That feeling you get...when you know everything is going to be alright 3
I jus got here n I'm already too hood for dis party ...smh ...lmfao
Hey all you Daily Double lovers out there!
Your FAV burger is only 1.89.
Don't miss out!
Hi!
My name is Billy Bob Bob Billy!
RT if you know who said this :
Take a shower, switching between cold and hot water.
bitch is craaay cray.
yelling shit at me like i'm satanic or some shit ahahahaha.
P.L.U.R.3
Excellent muni insights from Joe Deane today at PIMCO headquarters.
Could be a great year!
RT : Free mini cheeseburger 3 packs today at The Sports Pub off Stoughton Rd.
in Madison code word found at www.phreeps.com
closest thing we can imagine that's similar to thehungergames is NYC's epic TOUGH MUDDER.
you have to train for your training...
Trust me, hunny.
Eccentric is a title much easier to carry then 'Crazy'.
Of this, I know.
Penn State refers to buyin versus buttout as reaction to relationship building
Speak now or forever hold your peace.
wishing you a successful conference
Stacy London and Clinton Kelly are by far my favorite people in the fashion industry
By 2019, the selfemployed will account for 40  of all US workers, according to the U.S.
Bureau of Labor Statistics
who parties on tuesdays?!:D
I love him he know that but he with her and my heart is still wounded from his damage so I got to move on
Happy Opening to !
Looking forward to seeing you in the neighborhood!
From your friends !...
Ray Allen with another clutch 3 pointer..
Tie Game
Nah, you'll do fine!
You're a good hardworking student.
Pastelitos, coffee and croquetas to start off the day.
I like Someday and Firefly : Kinda sad that she won't be promoting a dance song.
/
Jordan, Bird, Magic are the top three.
But I will listen if you want to bring Kareem or Wilt into the discussion.
hope to cross tracks again soon.
take care!
1DNewEnglandContest should I start the reasons again?
thanks for the tweet
Congratulations Brendan and Kim!!!
We are so glad came to EAC for her wardoctorbe to MC the Oklahoma Intl Pageant this weekend!
Can't wait to see her on stage!
Go Bulls?
i hate the new facebook chat noise
hope you like McDonalds
Playing 412 Fest!
Our set is at 3pm, hope to see yall there :
I laugh every time I receive my electric bill.
Love that most of the household energy hogs are paid centrally here.
Love that Hawks win last night.
Finally a star showed up.
Sharp, Kane and Stalberg  where are you?
went to meet a biz associate for a ribbon cutting, wrong day given, instead I was invited out to lunch.
Great day!!
lol
Bernadett Borja is running a special on individual lash extensions ONLY 30!!!
Come see us!
People Shut The Fuck Up!
WHITNEY HOUSTON is gettin' a FLAG at HALFSTAFF.
Deal With It Bitches!
i have a taste 4 pizza of chinese food
Great area...
man you're going to have a blast!
I lived in Manhattan for 3 yrs b4 moving to Cali and loved almost every minute
your cut out of my life
How was the show?
Dam this video goes ham to.
Dam you two chainz
you just killed that
YOJO.
You Owe Joey Head.
Kraft Personally Thanks 4,632 Facebook Fans in 'Likeapella' Music Video Fun stunt by CPB for Mac  Cheese via
signed up for www.vizibility.com What is your online reputation and visibility?
Cool features!
Who do I want to go home?
Shannon for sure.
Hi!
Rosie is adorable...
highlight to my night, surprising my best friend from back home !
:
FREE LUNCH about to start at the Wesley!
In honor of the Rangers great work, today is a ball park homerun lunch!
Small biz killer  taking forever to make a decision.
Putting things off til later is the worst of strategies.
Decide now!
My mom is ridiculous.
SUPER CRISPY
Life is crazy!!!
HAHAHA.
So Cena is going to get raped.
Always get a prenup with you make millions.
Awww man!
Which test did you take today?
I took English yesterday.
I dont like LIARS.
I had decided I couldn't wait through the second bus ride...til I heard scary grunts coming from inside the bathroom.
Amazing how cheap houses are in Miami right now!
Happy Easter3
: Who is the dopppppest.
Unsigned singer u no with a hot image ???
I need to hear  see YouTube/ElianaEvang
Happy Halloween everyone!
Now we have to get used to stores putting up Christmas decorations way too early.
Are the corners of the ice at MSG kept dark so the hockey players can still get mugged during a game in New York City?
Miller with a poor pass at Nick Vannett and it went over his head right into the arms of Adam Griffin.
4 straight notsogood plays for him
Is disturbed by the alarming rate of pedestrians mumbling to themselves on the streets of NYC.
Are you talking to me?
Are you schizophrenic?
Heard at lunch: So, have you knit anything good lately?
it looks serious, lol.
I have no idea !!
I'll find out though..
Is this the boss man??
A better world by design his doctoram in a project
I just gave this book to my Dad!
O'Neal: 7 more ppg, significantly higher usage  with almost the same offensive efficiency, PER of 27.0 vs.
22.0.
Thank you Loved watching the Bed Peace Video We love you
follow back please!
:D
Back in my day a snitch was called a tattletale lol...
Whoa, three licensing requests on the same day.
Busy day here at OEP!
Haha.
I couldn't stomach it till we started segmenting  getting real insight rather than vague generalizations
songofthemoment Heal My Scars  The Ludovico Technique
Thanks for the updates.
Make sure we receive them during the game!
Are you a rental association, real estate website, or real estate blogger?
Help us advertise our product and make recurring revenue.
it's not even a good ad
aw i just got on ??
Tweet OneMoreTime for emily??: 3
There is nothing better then the playoffs.
About to post our Women History Post of the Day on our Facebook Page.
28 Days in and we're going to finish strong.
I thought it was just going to be screw flanders written over and over.
same here.
Before I knew Austin I use to let the hate get to me  stuff.
He honestly changed my life3
Work work work
You've got a great app in a sea of mediocre apps  cheers!
We'll look forward to hearing how it all went!
Great pass by Tebow but what about the run by Demaryius Thomas to make
My Canadian friend is teaching me to fear Faux Hawk, Tap Out, Chachie  Donkey.
4 yards rushing, for the whole game .
.
That isn't good, not very good at all.
hm I guarantee the hawks will do better next week!
The OST Perm team is staffing a Finance Manager w/extensive Market Data experience in Delaware.
Anyone out there?
Holy moly!
That sounds awesome!
I've been doctoraming of a job like that since we moved here.
:
Lox spread is my weakness.
On an everything bagel?
My heart is complete.
haha I would have to disagree w that statement
omg let's any time but warped tour or august is perf
Can I get a hell yeah?
Someone ?
That is so funny!
Wishing everyone a great holiday  Happy New Year!
Cruisers  see y'all in 15 days!!!!!!!
You know we did the same thing as North Carolina in California.
Alls well that ends well.
Why is that?
I just dont give a fuck
TONIGHT at CBSoul at UPTOWNTHEATRE hosting w some respectable KCNightlife figures
If you really hate everyone, you'd be eating lunch alone and not in a massive group of people.
I really hate it when I oversleep!
sorry for thinking i actually meant something to you..
Haha I see..
well in that case, have fun :p
Didn't sleep well last night  Read The Theatre of Revolt and The Tao of Pooh right before going to bed.
Weird doctorams...
was it the one on St.
Paul?
cuz i saw that one!!
pleasure meeting you at credentials check in yesterday .
Wish I could watch it too
originally New Jersey but I moved to New York when I was little..
Wbu?
Now playing...
Hangin' Tough Tour show...
hosted by Luckee!
www.nkairplayradio.com
we kno, we enjoy the charade as much as you all tho ;
I'm so, I'm so proud of you.
3
Money  Weed  Sex  A happy ME with no stress!!!
JS lol Yeeezzzzziiiiirrrrrr Avenue Goodmorning!
Where will the show be filmed?
Can you DM me your email addoctorss?
I can write up a blog post  article maybe?
Sure , I'd run away with you .
.
I wouldnt even think twice.
MD Crab soup at work today for lunch?
Yes, please!
when you're sister askes the guy you like do you like like her?
and he says i like like like like her d'aw
Maurice Sendak died :'
How soon we forget about those 70's and 80's in March wiwx This really is not all that unusual..at least it stopped raining
I should be asleep.
Busy dawg...wish I could, puttin this work in.
Foundation Directory Training at the Main Library on March 20th at 1pm.
This will provide information on grantseeking resources.
I feel you on that tip
The fatdog is so fat all he can do is roll
It's springbreak and PVLA has a reduced staff of law students.
We're running a little slow, so we appreciate your patience!
I'm afraid not.
I'm an eater, not a maker.
LOL
Are Pet Psychics Real?
Many people claim to be able to communicate psychically with animals, but what does the evidence show?
: Please tell Seth Myers to get lost.
Dude is a douchebag
i get the first four lines of 'golden' stuck in my head for days at a time.
haha girl I could tell!
AT 10: A high school student attacked at the bus stop decides to share her story, hoping the same won't happen again.
shut up
Is anyone else going to the Wiz concert tomorrow in SF?
I thought everybody knew that.
Been that way for years.
good interesting........
Lol u r fun to talk too
OK...
I'm looking for a GOOD program where I can rip DVD's so I can see them on my iPhone/iPad.
Either free or paid will work.
Thanks guys!
sports center 
I hate the RB singer Tank he cries to fucking much please don't go STFU
So....
I completly didn't do ANYTHING homework wise tonight.
Oh well...
doctornking a schooner in your honor.
wasteface : nothing is the same without me baby!
Taking my dad to the Sunday O's Nats Game for his 75 bday Beltway series
Nap o'clock
I fucking love you girl omg your amazing like omg best replacement
My parents like my sister more than me
I know!
I was like how do you NOT know who 1D are, they're the reason I don't study.
Lol
RT :Loved the PEEP Luncheon today
COME TO THE SHOW ON WEDNESDAY!!!
I just ate a blueberry pop tart, pretzels and honey mustard, then pineapple.
That's odd, there's something wrong with me.
Bo.
Beach House tickets at El Rey in LA sold out pretty much instantly.
All the Gs in my phone couldn't get there fast enough.
Wonder how many peeps will move cause of this crappy Seattle weather?
Hmm I will be tuning in for this.
84 at 10:30am?
I think I'm going to like it here.
Any early impressions on how well Watchdoc works?
Why this hoe mentioned me grabs pussy bitch eat it
: ThingsPGKidsSay You got the juice 
YAY!
I can't wait!
Who dat?
Is this Phil DURHAM?
I love this.
I only wish I knew and had brought jäger for the three of us lol
RT : This guy to me is one of the greatest comedians
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting as much lately!
I had an absolutely horrible week.
:
The YMCA of Austin is seeking a Boxing instructor and a Taekwondo instructor at our East Communities branch.
Please visit...
I always get either niall or Harry on the horoscopes :P lol fine with me;
I standardized and inputted metadata for a digitization project.
Made sure dates, names, places, subjects, etc.
fit LOC authorities.
sending up special prayers today for the people devistated by the tornado in Glade Springs  for those affected throughout the Southeast...
Really James???
U wanna play dirty now?
Paul Walker is a sexy beast : lol I can't wait until Fast Six!
Is it ok to have NATE contact you?
Break that single music director
you woke me up!!;
I think Hamilton deserves to have The Natural music played here, I don't even care it's in St.
Louis, just play the music!
ReplaceABieberSongWithArm Silent Arm
RP Kenyatta Goodwen You REALLY should have as your Community Web Producer...
Sometimes you just have to look at yourself in the mirror and wonder  have I been doing things in reverse my entire life?
we're all on the same wavelength.
I already bought a shirsey.
I've really been under attack lately..seems like everything is happening as I try to finish this album.
But I'm learning how to suffer.
Going back to an old love is like reading a book over  over again..
same ending .
It's finally starting to settle in that I'm almost done with high school....
You Aren't The Only 1 Who Hates Rain....
I Hate It As Well...
Unless It's Hot Then It's Nice To Have A Little Rain..
:
Just found out the publication date of my first article!
Woot!
August 2012.
so yeah last night def ended to a great weekend just as planned.
now back to the daily grind and feeling every min of last night ugh.
chilli
Getting ready for presentation with Eric.
Gotta get showered, doctorssed, wake the kids up, change diapers, doctorss them, help Eric, and moms car
UGH.
why does my fucking brother get everything he wants  never gets in trouble but i always do?
i'm so pissed off right now.
I've got soul but I'm not a soldier.
New oilandgas project today!!
Excited about new challenges and successes!
Do something big today...because you can!
where u at brother
Consider it the kick off for the Next Big Push.
And a chance for a nice dinner.
Follow me on instagramI'm so close to 400!
Help
That last THOMAS tweet is for everyone, but especially , a rare Yanks/Red Sox fan.
Carl Crawford going for a second opinion ranks just below Rare Andy Dick footage found on the list of things I don't want to hear.
Awesome, and yes we men are all alike.
Thanks for the message.
We apologize for the short delay in response.
If you could wait for a new one that would be great!
Thanks
haha true.
It would be fun though :
Demo features some favorites from ToyMaker including Abby C Smith, James Zannelli, Michael Scibilia and Kristen Sharpley.
Yay!
My hairs light 
i'm TOTALLY not LOOKING FOR GRASS on twitter.
everyone in the press said Lee deal would be done by last weekend.
There's no reason to trust all this Philly garbage
The mystery team must be
packing joy 26: taking trips down memory lane when finding random things in closet you kept, God knows why: i.e., 5 year old nicorette gum
There's nothing to see, cause' you know I'm right!!
XD
A bank robbery, a police chase, and a homemade bomb all in the same story?
AND it's sunny and feels like spring?
Today is a good day.
LMAO you just made my day ten times better :
I cant even count the  of times my phone rang after 2AM..and 90 of the time I ANSWER...but who can I call checks watch...nope, NO1
guys am I the only one curious of what a lineup feat DSteve and DWest would've looked like???!!
Woah, you're friends with THE Eddie Money?
true statement.
Got to take cailyn to school first!
yeah come threw
you forgot to mention The Hero Cleanup Protocol has your cover art!
ha!
Me too!
Followed by 'fabulous' and sometimes 'fantabulous'.
I suppose, though, that it fits with Disney's recent let's generic up every title we can philosophy.
High cholesterol levels put an individual at high risk for hypertension and diabetes.
Never think with my heart first I always think with my mind first then my heart afterwards
20 more days left of school.
Butch with 3 3's to start the game!
Jam up 1110
Does everyone have goo Friday off?
Roads are empty.
No point of going to school
Open seating?
What is that?!
Gross.
I hate Southwest right now
are you guys planning on coming to the U.S.?
Girls who can't get over their ex and move on
Leroy's are such angels 3
Just saw a license plate that said ICEMAN.
Seinfeld, anyone?

Friends With Kids  just killed me.
Absolutely killed me.
WhiteSox Snow good: Tiger now lead.
if someone wants to walk out of ur life LET THEM GO!
The fact tht they wanna leave shows they prob never shouldve been there in the 1stplace
i think JV throws another nono if weaver doesn't get ejected...
In logan square making these mfrs doctornks...
bout to get started cooking a sunday dinner
Hahahah  I am that person for my school.
You love me, and i wouldnt have it any other way
hell no this shit is hard
lmao tboz is raw forreal can't no other female hit her low notes haha
I'm sorry love : he will follow you some day I promise :
Oakland Arts will be checking out the Polish Hill Arts Fest Sat.
7/17 Corner of Brereton and Dobsons Streets.
See you there!
i said one smile at a time sounds alotbetter ; lmao jkjk :p omg i got a 60 in my report card for history :s
then we fight on who has the better name  katelynne or katelyn
Sorry mister D but you're boring me to tears
hahaha im not im just telling the truth :
I actually used to enjoy Matisyahu, but now he just seems like some sort of immodest yahoo.
STAT not stst...
see what i mean????
Obviously, because overalls are so fucking cute.
OBVIOUSLY.
I have complained to they blame for the bad feed
I don't even understand what that tweet meant.
US team, 12 shots on goal; Japan, 5 shots.
No scoring.
So frustrating!
Only if you want to run everything off SSD, which I believe is less than ideal for applications that need to do a lot of writing
I want whatever Bob Pisani is smoking.
you got it David!
Thx for the good info...
I'd like to volunteer.
What do you need?
yeah, I get it, but just seems silly.
you can count on it!!!!
Rainy ass Portland
Me too!
I minored in History!
Then I got a Masters in Library Science, solidifing the fact that I will never have disposable income
Familiar acts are beautiful through love.
damn cousin where u been at?
mee too they need to be together!
Playing some Tom Waits tonight!
Hey, whatcha doing tomorrow?
Want to go to Atl w/me?
Going to HealthFitness Expo to pick up race packet.
Would love company :
concentrate on positives, great revenue from new stadium, great infrastructure, great stylish coach, historic club back in UCL.
NEWS ALERT: City Council votes 140 to change curfew law, end 1000 tickets for late students
RT 5 PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW ME..
I'll FOLLOW BACK ;D
No problem girlfriend!
Have you checked out the SuperBohl page via ?
There's a live video stream of Super46 village, vlogs  more!
I'm coming up there messing everything up lol RT we work together tomorrow !!
Lol
Who is attending the in Sevilla this weekend?
We hear it's a great program, look forward to tweets about it!
Heading downtown for round 2 of the Big Buck world championships.
Hangin with Travis Pastrana, free doctornks and video games holler
Woo kentucky!
isn't that just extra protein ?
Headed up to the mythical land of SoCal.
I hope they like me, those socalifornians!
My northern Tijuana ways can be so strange.
will just have to look forward to puerto rico.
Patterson's View by Cliff Cardin..If you have a kindle I think its only .99 cents to download it
This game going too hard!!
Lakers vs Thunder
Music and life mahn.
What about you?
Neat!
Whereabouts on campus is it?
having a big family is always helpful
Birthdays then: wow!
Look at all these presents!
Birthdays now: wow!
Look at all these notifications!
Registered for day 1d maint event.
Starts tomorrow at noon west coast time.
Ouch.
Hopefully it is just bruised.
If you truly love the , do yourself a favor and follow the new Royals Hall of Fame Twitter,
We are 5000 teachers across the globe.
Go PLPeeps!
Shooting a PSA tomorrow.
Time to bust out the headphones 
Starting work tomorrow with improv, film and theater camps at PushPush.
Kids and great literature make for interesting results.
I'm with misterschoenholtz in sec 237 row a
fucckk getting up tomorrow for community service legit
Pollard might need a police escort out of Foxboro tonight...
Poor girl in callahan.
Hope she's ok
I just started coughing and I can't stop.
i would suppose mistergates would be happy about msft's recent purchase.
owning your formal rival must be satisfying.
We're looking into it.
Will report back ASAP.
Shanghai just had an earthquake!
Lights were swinging.
: I do not feel like being in this house
SOO SO glad you love it!!
:
I think speaking notices have started going out today.
but i'm ascairt.
My CIPA Committee is presenting its first professorssional Development session for Library Faculty who teach for the New Year.
Exciting...
If you see me walking around campus lightly gripping a pristine white single piece of paper, please don't think I'm weird.
Spring Sidewalk Sale starts tomorrow at 10amPrices up to 75 off!
Tons of great deals on Badgers AND Packers gear!
www.buckyslockerroom.com
When did I acquire all these new followers?
Following back now!
don't know why I'm still up I'm nowhere near sleepy
I miss Justin's RANDOMTWEETHOUR so bad !!
alright that sounds good
Yes location svc is active when app is open  stndby when in bckgrnd.
It only monitors significant changes in your location.
This
I just wanna go home.
Y'all are gonna kill me...wearing sneaks with my work outfit
Definitely Nina Wheeler.
don't forget the pics
no u r
Ah, thanks for the references
It's always fun jammin' in your car to; Getto Boys  Die Mother Fuckers 

Birthdays in 6 days
On the initial screen for NBA Jam TE for Genesis hold start and press A on H, let go start for V, hold start and hit B for Y.
RT : I run circles around u bitches
I gotta admit though, He was looking mighty good in that video ; Lmaoooooo
I'm totally confused why you would put an exclamation point after that.
Now THAT was a solid first half chargers Glad to see Gates getting some action.
when's the next ustream?
: xx
to the inventors of pineapple, thank you
Wow, I thought Where Have You Been was going to slay.
ItCuteWhen I see that handsome guy in the mirror everytime ;
We reconvene tomorrow!
I'm much more willing to entertain a book suggestion than I am a movie suggestion.
Peace to
Damm its only monday, and i already miss ya, damm i got it bad
We're still looking for Festivus prize sponsorship.
Email to sponsor a prize.
Hey Come see one of your artists today at 5pm
Twitpic wont load again.
ughh.
if you dont tr her right someone else will
Weather in Seattle is looking a lot like weather in Cleveland.
Helpful for packing.
Oh look.
The American Century Theater is now on Twitter:
RT Sendak on ebooks Fk them.
I hate those ebooks...cannot be the future...may well be.
I'll be dead I won't give a shit
REAL NIGGAS MAKE MOVES Fk NIGGAS SIT STILL....
OBAMA WON THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE FOR MANAGING TWO WARS HOW IS THIS AN ACT OF PEACE?!?!!
Has this whole world just gone into crazy land?
What's Up Everybody:Come Stain??
Asiago Olive Rolls at Spaghetti Benders?
Tasty!
Suggestion: make it 2 orders...
abita,right?
Have u had their ipa?
: This bar has Purple Haze.......
Possibly new favorite bar...
well look at God!!
Congrats cuz where at?
aw carl miss you too!
Thank you so much for the kind words!
:
He cant look like that.
Thats wrong.
Just look at him!
I'm going to yell that at ppl coming out of a salon.
To prove I'm a leader.
No public ghosts allowed!!
Took all the beats off my website....hopefully it'll all be worth it
no my dude, a contraction only count as 1 word!
sounds nice i love pomergranate!
Rockin , get your jamz on and be safe , thanks a bunch !
happy new year :
Heading to Austin this weekend wit Get at me if u go.
so true.
defense and these sabermetrics for the IF suck.
you win by scoring.
OF is different, but I like my SS to hit then field
R2KStudio offers Education Discounts up to 50 off STUDIO RENTALS!
If you attend any of our local LV Campuses please call us for more info.
bitch please i'm like a helicopter : pretty, hot, and take you to the sky
count me in!
Yay!
He looks like he likes it!
Thanks, !

Fight was closer than the judges scorecards had it.
didn't win, but he won more rounds than he got credit for.
hell yea that nigga was og coming out there with that gun
sigh..ur gonna make me cry..what poem is that from?...James Joyce?..
When people are really paranoid when they're high.
LMAO.
I'm well rested, which means I'm about to kill it at the gym!
Ops !
I stayed up way past my bedtime forking with the MacBook.
I will pay for it tomorrow.
okay now it's 6 months?
I guess his aunt just said that.
I'd be far more interested in TheVoice if my cat were in it.
.
.
.
.and if it wasn't a live singing competition.
.
.
Just cats.
98 of America's richest 100 people are white dudes.
The other two are Asian dudes.
Thank god we're over racism and sexism!
via
HAVE A GREAT DAY
Gonna try to get an acting job even though i am only 12 :/
Joe tweeted Hello Italy and 15 minutes later, it started to trend.
waiting for the painkillers to kick in so I can take a shower and doctorve my butt to the hospital.
Adam Lilly from Much like a pub, social media is a storytelling destination.
U trynna get shot??
MahoneOnEllen is now 2 on the trending topics in the United States MahomiesGoHard :
Copyright got you stymied?
Recruit local talent to make a book you can share.
Thanks Jamie!
luckily you didnt have to
now that's big time.
Now you need big time recruits there
Mom: your first kid's just an experiment.
There's no book to tell you what to do.
I had a doctoram last night that me and you were singing a duet at a HUGE concert!!!!!
the best doctoram ever!!!!
3 :
Thanks so much!
You're too sweet!
How are you feeling?
I've been praying for you!
HOME RUN RYAN BRAUN!!!!!!!
off twitter for a bit..
check me on instagram London Bridgez Pow !
oh ok..that's what I thought.
Lol.
Enjoy your tweets Roseanne!
Keep fighting the good fight!
:

if there is fault in promoters booking talent in matches to make money how is that different
yes we will ;
I understood all of that until after you said emptied it, then i couldn't understand the rest lol
This is the sound of the future.
Honestly?
Some blasts are better left in the past.
Many of our shows turn the focus on music.
Wed like to hear from you: What musicbased shows do you want to see more of on SCAN?
thanks for the follow  you have an interesting philosophy!!!
Ikr!
I had membership and everything lmfao
Just started airing Season 3, who knows what the future holds, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Thanks for the compliment!
This time she tweeted repeat to satiety
thanks for support, !
don't make me promises, baby.
You never did know how to keep them well
If you haven't seen LABIOS ROJOS yet, come over to the UltraStar Cinemas, we will be screening it  10:00 PM TONIGHT!
Currently amisterading The Zen of Running.
We should never permit ourselves to do anything that we are not willing to see our childoctorn do.
Brigham Young
haha hell yeah
BEAUTIFUL!
I want pictures!
and usually all that's needed is a positive outlet.
There are, on average, over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world each day
It makes me so happy when I poke into my morning egg and see the vibrant orangeyellow yolk.
I'm in marketing so online ads are useful data AND pay my mortgage.
Feels wrong to use ad block software.
Employers have begun to add jobs, including a net increase of 162,000 in March.
indiana.
woo.
We're almost to 3,000 followers!
Help us out!
not the best work out today but 35 min is better than none at all
Congratulations to on Either Way it Ends with a Shovel winning the Award for Best Short Story on the Web!
As for me, I know of nothing else but miracles.
Walt Whitman
I didn't see yo ass at ricks neither , gone come at me like that earlier
Oh well I guess not hahaha ok Spurs time!!!
Hoosiers play today at 8:45p.m.!
Enjoy 3 mini burgers for 5 and don't forget to wear crimson and cream.
Go Hoosiers!
Music interviews r so lame!mister Thunder appreciates ur earnest interest2solicit1,but he has no interest in this brand of promotional fodder!
Hey everyone!
We are now officially at Sofia's Downstairs!
Happy 4th of July  Lets keep it a safe one
A mind is a parachute so makes sure its open.
I love how fans and media are angry about 1 and dones while others are staying 4 years with degrees in worthless majors
It depends on the picks.
They better be high, because that's what we need.
A star.
I love kisses :D
I'm digging it!
No thank you.
I'll keep my freedoms instead.
OMGosh..
it's so hard!
Especially now since he can reach the bowl : How are you rationing candy for your toddler?
Right Above It
In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people.
Wayne Dwyer
: 2days until we arrive in Los Angeles.
America...Get Ready!!
i'm so excited!
Can't wait for you to come to New York!!
one of my favs!
He's my prince and I'm his princess.
And that's how it's gonna stay.
In other words, this is your LAST CHANCE to save yourself from failing my course
Kids birthday at a park in the rain.
Great idea.
Never been this far into Santee before.
Never judge a book by its cover!
You may be surprised on what you find...
so many new creative art ideas flooding in for the Do Art Daily starting in Feb that my head is spinning!
What to do?
Dam swear I was letting him have it......FLIPPED dat shit on me
thus concludes a wonderful wednesday.
fingers crossed for something better than tuesday tomorrow.
tomyunbornchild be careful who yu befriend females are not too be trusted
In Mac Preferences, says I'm connected but still not loading pages.
in the block section of privacy settings.
Thanks for sharing the pic!
It was good to see you there :
nice to make your acquaintance, Queen.
I'm done denying Christ in my life, all things are created through him!
A toast for the douchbags
MyFirstYearAtFAMU I use to ride the V2 just to get some AC!!
how about we have justice for both brothers we all are grieving for themAmen
Do the Goofy.
You'll describe it differently.
;
Watching the Titanic 3D trailer has been the best part of the oscars so far.
April 4, so there.
new band name?
me for what I am and for what I am not.
He can be a little tactless but no man is perfect.
But him pointing out beautiful women to me does
I always forget that Layne Staley and Kurt Cobain share the same death date.
I still hope they're both at peace.
Yes that earthquake woke me up.
Yes I was on the 31st floor.
teleporting of course!
Daylight savings ends this Sunday don't forget to set your clocks back, and enjoy that extra hour of sleep!
You can't accept yourself when you have a successful business...you've got to accept yourself so that you can have a successful business!
At my nephews 7 and up gymnastics meet
These fake Laker fans are holding on to any shred of dignity they have left.
Go back to LA BeatLA SunsVsLakers
SO HOW CAN I EARN MY ADMISSION?
Exciting news ahead for San Diego County's art scene...
Proof please!

pray until something happens!
I was one of the lucky ones who asked early..
If you share the booze, we'll show you some doctornk Tweets with a side of advertising.
Maybe.
Maybe not?
ugh i wish it was easier to get them :
looking at pictures of you and listening to your covers make me emotional now.
so how are you doing bby boy?
i don't think it's touristy, more like high powered.
Can you say Crawfish Pies?!
Delicious...
I need some pep.
stat!
its a hot apple cider kinda day, c'mon!
POLLS coming up...revolving around Tebow Tiger...best responses get RTs....

thanks for the mention!!
Purim Sameach!
New job.
New car.
New friends.
I'm so happy!!
:
and where are the facts for this!?
bad news, look forward to seeing you back when the yotto for milwaukee starts
FF It's finally Friday!
Have a great weekend!
Yea but they aren't TSRs RT : When tech support people are hired to read questions from an If/Then list, I go into a rage.
Having a moving sale tomorrow from 81....
Stop by and get a nice find!!!!
Tripled up first hand I played up around 60k right now.
Sometimes, sweet joy derives from extreme sorrow.
Keep hope alive.
Keep defending your right to exist in a world that seems to push you out.
No matter how many times I hear it I always sing along to the fresh prince theme song
Milk.
Strawberry Syrup.
Combine.
welcome with open arms and steak!
We're OPEN!
: you guys aren't closed are you??
FYI, I've been following your blog since we met at the Corcoran.
It's so good!
:
Help a great cause by donating diapers or having a diaper doctorve.
For more information email us at
inbox me your email and I will send my story to you: like I said b4 u r going to like it:
lol bye ...and I will
There are weeks you're Ted Williams and there are weeks you're Bill Buckner.
Them african tore my head up .....
Men Against Breast Cancer thank's you for including
Nick Young is the truth off the bench
they thought about it but you're too short.
Historian problem: can never remember how to spell steelyard like a modern person.
Too many arcane spellings in my head.
I should go wake up ashley lls.
I love all of your tweets.....
barley tonight and Lizzie's tomorrow come!
Not worthy of the moniker Snake Pliskin in Space?
Hey, all.
Abt 833,000 lovely people voted against Amendment 1 in North CarolinaEnough of hateful, stupid jokes.
Work to make it better.
hey i just tweeted you.
and this is crazy, but heres my twitter, so follow me maybe?
RT Tonight's topic is blogging for biz!
Pls share your blog URL, topic, target audience  date you started.
Nuggets have allowed 4 offensive boards by Lakers in 1st Q.
That's too many.
RT : It's not how big your idea is.
It's how INTERESTING your idea is.
saulcolt
Its a cold game, better keep a warm jacket on.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.73
eatting some hot pockets aha
Not sure what happened to the previous tweet.
Payton got 1 year.
Is Goodell saying that Vilma was just as culpable as Payton?
Thanks Ron, and yep, time flies when you're having fun.
.
hope you took Chris Rene!
We're doing a nice ceviche this weekend with tilapia!!!
Its already chilling and ready to be served.
did someone say party?
Killin all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list!
YES!!
I was worried at first when they were gonna put it out but it looks absolutely AWESOME!!
The US doesn't compete against Germany.
Detroit competes against Munich.
Leinberger on why we need to support our cities.
feisty bitch ;
went to SES CHICAGO 2010TRADE SHOW...
Welcome classy new followers , , , , and !
I am honored.
no, really?!
RT Fundoctorising will be challenging.
Rick Tyler, head of Newt super PAC.
you better believe it!
I swear i dont care how go to school
The awkward moment when you make a joint call and forget to decide who's going to ask for the customer...so no one says anything...
at least you weren't on the motorcycle...guessing u won that battle.
Hope everyone's ok
New Ulm will head to state for the fourth consecutive time.
In seven games at the tourney, the Eagles have only won once.
Outscored 5610.
thirstythursday..come line ya pitchers and flasks at the bar for that demon rum..
Watching at 9.
I really like the beginning of our news now.
Life won't let you near, won't let survive.
Compress your fear, let me open up your mind..
lol...
I wish girl!
I'm at home sick 
RAYlicious!
Way better than delicious.
MB lol
where do you plan on going?
Need any pointers?
Greatest city in the world!
Doesn't mention Obama veto threat?
MT Ruppersberger on cybersecurity bill: Shows what can happen when Dems, GOP work together.
Thanks Greg!
What're you up to lately?
DiD HE JUS SAY HE WANNA BE LiKE ME WEN HE GROWN UP BOL oh
good call
change your password.
You are sending me crazy ass messages.
Thanks for the support!
RT : Looking for trusted service providers for your business/ startup?
Check out
Awesome photos!
Looks like the students really enjoy the class.
Have a great week!
the freaks don't go ta sleep we come out at night pahahahahaha
Legal Tip for the Day: Most chapter 7 cases are noasset case, which simply means that you do not have any nonexempt property to be sold
no problem :
How has Spo not made his subs yet?
Chalmers and haslem dont help at all
Actually, it's refreshing to hear from people who love their jobs.
I love mine, too, but who wouldn't?
Not yet!
Planning to give it a shot tonight after work.
:
We need justice for Trayvonmartin and all the boys and men that were killed and harassed because they are black.
On my way home:
My older sister  neice are coming to eat lunch with  I.
Love them :
:P and feel better!
Mexican omelet at the Montreal airport was surprisingly good.
14 hours of air travel to go!
Thanks for following!
We enjoy following  looking forward to learning more about you.
We are a finance co in SV
Thanks, Andoctora!
Love your music.
:
I don't like you.
Do something right and nobody remembers.
Do something wrong and nobody forgets.
There's a sparkly kind?
Don't think I want to know...
Hold it down for Yung Trap
Riding mowers are one of life's simple pleasures.
I relish every ride I take on one.
I don't wanna be in writing class.
ugh.
we are literally doing nothing today...
thanks for sponsoring me!
: nyve NY Angels Sponsored 50 tickets for top entrepreneurs of New York
Lol  About 2 get in my d4l bagg,if I hear one more snoring sound!
Nov.
UW Golf Classes start tomorrow  5  6 pm.
There won't be a Tues.
Thurs.
class this month.
Thanks
For poetry, literature, art, theatre, wittiness, and general hilarity, FF and Two sides of the same, shiny coin
Gah my throat is sore :/
i need money
Tonite's Dinner Feature: Wild Mushroom Enchiladas w/stir fry green beans and rice.
Salmon Cheddar Soup and Banana Choc Chip Ice Cream.
We seriously need to get you a MF job
You can't tell a book by it's cover, but you sure can sell a book by it's cover.
head up , stay strong .
fake a smile , move on 
My mom is my motivation : 
what are you doing at the movies when there is an OSU game on?!
Where u at?
RT : Boom.
Seats selected for Season Tickets.
I hate school.
And most of all I hate getting up for it.
My next car is straight gon be a
If you only show up when everythings good and disappear when everythings bad...then i dont what you hear at all
oops.
Sorry guys.
...
but I was car number 2, right?
Sorry, folks.
Myrtle and the other SC beaches simply cannot compare to the NC beaches.
Who's partaking in EliteWeddingWednesday?
Are you serious?
Where was it at!
One Step Closer
where u been at....i saw a tweet u did nd I'm ova here like oh shit i remember her
Starlito  Mental Warfare my song feel like its the soundtrack to my life
Rather than focusing on things and time, focus on preserving and enhancing relationships and on accomplishing results.
Stephen Covey
I have a writing deadline  of course, I'm cleaning out the refrigerator .
.
.
and twittering.
Maybe I'm the only person over 12 who orders them but Taco Bell cinnamon twists should be in grocery store chip aisle
My iPhone just autocorrected some gibberish I wrote to meatloaf king.
Lolz.
But you totally are KG!
A heaping mound of FlopSoHard shit!
RT : Hawks ain't shit...
I'm so good at making typos.
It is my decree that tonight shall be a cuddly night!
Good eve.
3
Why is this Chew's twitter name?!
Lol oh well BTown!
Trying to find order in this chaos that is my life.
yes the other one is somebody that i use to know, get out.
i got one, seems similar to one that went around awhile most should know not to click it.
TODAY is your only chance to see Casablanca back in theatres.
Don't miss TCM Presents Casablanca 70th Anniversary in a theatre near you.
The Old Testament as we have it seems to be an Iron Age document.
Of course it is far from being one document.
It is a library.
It's a wet one but a GREAT Day to SAVE  Come on by today,  SOAK UP THE SAVINGS  ALMOST EVERYTHING is 50 OFF!
Shop, Support, and SAVE!
WHAT UP
I guess the jig is up.
Please release her.
Not surprising.
Everything will be canceled for a while.
He may not be in that roll for long anyway.
Good morning and God bless...
Crushing code  enjoying the On Air Radio show
tomorrow is my big day.
Press event for a new McDonalds nutrition program.
more info to come.
n ways to participate
: I don't care how many times it is remade, the only real Robin Hood is the fox from Disney...
: I miss them dey said wat it do lol
Watching Stephen Colbert grill David Gregory on a mini Meet the Press on
now!
: come ova
Glad to be back podcasting at full strength with both and Jennifer Navarrete aka
refs, be fair on BOTH sides, not just on the majority of one side.
sort of reminds me of when Spurs were in Utah last time with no big 3.
great book.
I used it in my seminar on the Enlightenment this semester.
Finally the spring game wait is here.
I hope Duck fans can exceed last year's attendance record.
goducks wtd Green vs.
does jlo have a lil nip slip?
Just saw Auggie Smith hilarious !!!!
sfhhgvisdfaudncfasufeha Just follow me please!!!!!!!!
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
21
Conductors of young or average choirs may be reluctant to order staggered breathing in rhythmically complex passages.
They should not be.
'Sup World.
good luck this weekend kind sir.
Congrats and have fun!
god...
Queen is fucking amazing
Remember Y.O.D.O!
Your not super Mario!
There is no coming back!
TandSballoon Robbie Furman teaching the worst balloon dog making class.
www.balloonconvention.com
awwwuh!
thank you!
you made me cry!!
happy tears of course!
:, It means a lot!
3
ok cool!c;
How useful the RSS feeds are depends on how the data is updated.
We're working with the city on that.
wow, thanks for the support!!
:
The Phillies gave us the AmandaBynes treatment last night, HitRuns all over the place, it was so bad I almost called
Up and at it with a protein smoothie on side of road.
Watching tow trucks fly by with towed cars.
Is this a joke?
RT : Who is a better better player Montae Ellis or Dirk Nowitzki?
Long ass day and another three ahead.
Woo.
The working life.
I just had a mental image of you overturning desks an kicking over chairs.
Lol
loves her friends like a fat kid loves chocolate ice cream cake
I think is depressed :'
thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you today!
I have never in my life had a more loyal friend than Lean Cuisine
Door to door last night in Martinsburg.
Met MARC commuters at 6 am then visit to Berkeley Co Humane Society animal shelter
This is totally fascinating.
Great and most unexpected.
: I wish I could do fun birthday things with Happy birthdays guys.
I wub yewz you can!
Check your texts : love you
Best thing I've heard so far today...Don't do doctorg  get doctornk
haha thx.
traveling the world next year.
starting off in the uk.
Good looks on killnn that vers!!
so bord idk what to do
Afternoon treat  kidscreen: getting to hear of Idiot Box talking about
The most important trip you may ever take in life is meeting people halfway.
For sure.
Watched every NYE.
the moment when certain songs are related to your life.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
William James
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.74
When u close your eyes for just a sec and then wake up cuz ur whole body jerks.
What is that?
You know what vegan chicken and rice is?!?!
RICE!
Love
sadly I can't argue softness when he just got injured, but I think LMJ has performed much worse in big games than Darron
oh my God.
You're welcome and have a great one yourself!
yea i am sure i dont want them like right now but i mean within the next few years
A few Oxymorons 4 ur Monday: We are not anticipating any emergencies!
It's not an optical illusion,It just looks like one.Act natural.
I loved your blog post.
It's good to be reminded of the simple things that can be done while searching for a job.
Thanks!
Harvard ROTC returns after a four decade ban.
Find out what congressional decision changed the minds of administrators at this top tier...
The new confetti cake blizzard commercial woke me up.
The problem is it's hard to find a Dairy Queen in Chicago.
Afternoon!
really?!
I'm jealous.
I want to work with them!
OMG speaking of  did you guys see that roast beef pic I posted on FB?
discusses the new role of Twitter in casting at
So embarrassing when your roommate's family come over and your house is filthy dirty lol
Golden Rule of Improv: Always Say Yes.
More will happen in your scene if you do.
Yes.
That is classskipping worthy.
hey...that's the exact same thing my grandpa said to me about a half an hour ago.
too bad it's not gonna happen XD ;
Waukesha needs a cracker barrel.
Our cat is officially like Pig Pen and walks around in a cloud of stray fur
I love how you hide things from me but whenever I wouldn't tell you stuff, you would get mad at me...
I wanna be loved like that
Listening to backstreet boysas long as you love me !!
Such a good band
I know it's corny, but follow your heart.
Can't go wrong with that.
Doesn't mean the decision is always easy, tho.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hm.
Have fun with that.
dude!
what is up with that pic?!
When nothing's ever going your way, When you're shit out of luck, and you're feeling stuck, say, So, what, whatever 3  Hot Chelle Rae
cont Museum of Design is listed a...
I hope the doughnut was good.
hey how's it going, are you in Miami tonight?
wanna hear a funny joke?
's last tweet.
I know we were right believing for so long
It's not you, it's me finally realizing that you're terrible for me
Good luck in your games tonight !
And good try tonight buddy.
Feeling gross after eating chick fil a 
Tuesday's gone with the wind...
How sick would it be if won the 100k high roller AND then 25k high roller at the EPT grand final?
What was your favorite vacation to date?
Mine was Puerto Vallarta!
I think it's perfectly reasonable that people envisioned the internet of the 90s as one long Reboot episode.
It's finally Friday!
Which Frank Sinatra song is putting you in a good mood today?
lmbo you funny.
Work on all the hw I have n get all the stuff I need ready for Sunday...
Funfun
Fuck, I love Maggie Smith.
Twitter Mockdoctorft Ravens Stanford NFLdoctorft NFL I can live with that...ABK...anybody but Konz!
Thanks for the FF, !
Back atcha.
whatifindattractive a guy who lets you wear their hat, sneaks up  hugs you from behind, notices all the little things  loves you for you
Awesome!
Proud of you bro can't wait to see it!
Just finished the first week.
42 pages!
Pretty good.
The Red is really amazing.
Ben, our DP is kicking ass!
Opening song on glee today ...
Wow.
no girl sucks dick but somehow all niggas get head.
niggas only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant.
somebody lying
Negativity posted via social media others will chime and the negative info will become a non issue
I thought it was left an unsolved mistery 
Running a 5k does not make it okay to eat 1/2 a pound of pimento cheese
Did you know there's a word for fear of veggies?
It is Lachanophobia.
Avoid this unhealthy phobia!
cc
I agree that we need to have more silly festshrifts in honor of people's birthdays.
Want to end the Madden cover jinx forever?
One word: Tebow.
IT'Z SICK
looking for an apartment, but living here yes.
killed that song!!!!
thinking I'm gonna have to go before Cinco de Mayo.
Jim, will you be on the channel 6 float today?
October starts are new safe sales...be sure to contact me on the RH2010 sale price!!!
Hey Garth, that was a haiku.
55 for 1,000 fullcolor, doublesided business cards.
Hit us up!
Love is a battleField
Yes.
Yes, it is time.
been sick all weekend
It's cause I'm bored ;;
1st WINNING PIC OF NFL WEEK 2...RAMS/SKINS TAKETHEOVER...HARD TO USE RAMS  SCORING IN SAME SENTENCE, BUT THE SKINS WILL BE ON FIRE!
Thanksgiving is notorious for slow news days.
Reporters will be searching for stories.
So take advantage of it and get your free publicity.
you ain't even white, you clear
MIP Users: Stay up to date on your accounting systems!
Free MIP Users Group Thurs, April 19 at 9:30am.Register before its to late 344.3933!
I no!!
And mosho isn't being very happy :P lol
Amanda Bynes: Are You Surprised By Her DUI?
There are celebrities you expect to have brushes with the law and celebrities you expect to g
Yes.
I bought everything online and it actually all arrived ontime!
Just a few more hours at the library...
I just ate so eat me !
DM me you email addoctorss young lady
We are 2nd Chance Bailbonds located in Los Angeles, CA
has not eaten.
Finally managed to get a free ticket.
Wow, what a hot mess that was...
RT : Exclusive: Ill Mondo's new album De Novo is incredible, for real www.illmondo.com
hope our paths cross at some point.
This song goes out to all strippers and bikini barista's!
Live on the 104.9fm The Brew or iHeartRadio coming up next!
Top Administrators are partners in leadership with the Mayor and other leading politicians.
That part of the video nearly killed me.
I was in tears from laughing so hard.
ALL NEW Saturdays at La Vida starting this Sat 4/16.
It'll be a different TV news world without Don Germaise's big stories, big doctormatic flair, and big heart.
We'll miss you !
im havin a house party...
it might be after the tour though
Forget the Super Bowl, it's all about the Puppy Bowl!
Let's go CB you adorable Shih Tzu/Beagle mix and Sophie you cutie Shih Tzu.
this guy at wells fargo though 
Ahh...
I haven't heard or seen JMHS in a long time...
I'm an '02 grad.
Keep coming back for more, keep coming back for more...
we're working in reverse.
I'm not sure I'll start the show until I finish the books.
Thanks for the follow!
get me one!
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit we cannot flower and grow without it.
WSJ: Obama to collage grads.
Under my plan, half of you will go directly to government assistants after you graduate.
,
Ive got electrolytes to replace f thee dehydoctortion ..
Headn down to the store for bottles of water n gatorade weakn sick
Cali on my mind
Agenda for the day: track down the 10 Retros, watch RealMadoctord and my Heat win...hit up On The Mat for some new shirts!
Am so relieved to see your Tweetwas worried about U with hurricane.
Just sent you an email.
Irene
Really enjoying it.
Next up: The Art of Fielding.
Any other recs?
I have a 14hr flight on Saturday, so I'm all ears!
I'm tweeting cause I haven't done so in a while.
Like real life, I really don't know what to say.
.
.
..that moment when what should be a simple show, has now turned into a fulltime 24/7 job.
I bet the NIT on ESPN get almost as many viewers as games on
a guy at one of those rafting resorts that got arrested for creeping late at night and staring into cabins
she got wrinkles falling from everywhere,tattoos doctorpping, gym shorts don't fit  to top it off ha  ha girlfriend standing here making out!
why why me frustrated time to run
Fires in Los Alamos are something else in a bad way.
NM National Guard is on the way to help out.
Go NM.
let's save these folks.
I think you covered it.
Zack brought around beers...
Danny O is just another link in the chain between you and Madison.
Come home this fall!
Just saw 2 little girls wearing a Justin Bieber sweater .
Omg I love them .
.
Hooray!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3
buckyvsducky tomorrow!
Need to get some work done before then though.
I love that classifies its projection calls as news
ESSENTIAL whatsnextdc businesses must consider importance/diversity of legal issues when using social media for your marketing campaigns
i love being with TBW Model Management !
21strep is speaking at the Edmonds Landing tonight!
6:30pm.
Come find out why she is the better candidate for Wa State Legislature!
A smile is the best makeup that a girl can wear.
WTF?
Steve Jobs announces resignation?!
First earthquake in east coast, now this..
too much to handle...
HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN  Get it trending guys!!!!
3
yeah I need to....maybe in the morning
Great night to make
Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it's one of the best.
Some people would rather get even instead of get ahead.
Les Brown
Thoroughly enjoying Julian Barnes' The Sense of an Ending.
congrats on the Alex!
Anyone Having problems logging into myspace...error code.
SilkCharm thanks for following me on Twitter!
Looks like I'm bringing more brookies tomorrow.
Welp.
I ask myself that everyday :
New show announcement June 15th at knickerbockers in Lincoln,NE.
BandsFuriosity,The Clincher and Sam Vega from California!
What a blast ad2Honey is tonight!!
I think its kinda dumb when some mahomies steal beliebers quotes about Justins haters and change it to being about austin.
Like really?
Only 8 people subscribe to The Ethicist's NY Times RSS feed.
Dunno if this surprises me or merely affirms my suspicions about humanity.
how is that a prize?
RT : night tweeps!
Don't forget u can winc ur CLUB LEVEL seats for tomorrows finale
Gingrich saying to those around him: Why is Obama allowed audience response but not I?
SOTU
that sounds good!
I do!
Let me check our Midwest distributors.
What zip code are you in?
RT my 1,200th tweet goes out to !
I'm ready for the jayhawks to beat the wildcats tonight!
A true friend gets you a case of Anchor Steam as a graduation present.
I know, but sometimes you have to just get over that!
You are doing everything you can for yourself at the moment.
Its funny when you know someone is bullshitting you because you seen them do the same thing to other people.
He is risen...hallelujah!
Let's not forget what this amazing day is all about!!
We are not worthy and yet he says we are!!
How beautiful..
You deserve it
We talk about businesses providing superior customer service, as they should.
Clients need to remember good manners too.
ncce kid said 'if I had one hour to live I'd spend it in this class bc it feels like an eternity is our education system listening?
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
not but you can get it on his phone :P kinda the same thing anymore...never leave home without your phone
Is it ok of me to have a picture of my ex and i on fb when im in a relationship with someone new????
i think the new twitters too wide though.....
well mostly...
Lots to do to get settled properly but it's coming along nicely.
haha they look like mountains on his arms
Are they going to Passion 2012?
Join other Teens to discuss the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes at the River Park Branch on April 18th at 3:30pm.
Call 2824635 for more info.
Happy Friday!
Any exciting activities with you pets planned?
When you're at a party and you hear your favorite song and you're like THIS IS MY JAM!!!!!!
Solid marg sesh with and significant company.
Let's do that again!!
Now listening to Sheherazade.
The clarinet player is phenomenal.
Are u kidding me?
Lol yeah usually I dn't care either, but like the jokes people are making are so retarded  but whatever lol
On my way!!!
j/k When do you take off for loex?
cant wait for them!!!!
Coming soon!
Request appointments, give us your feedback, and like us for special deals via Facebook!
Got a special crew joining me tmister night at Hotel indigo, yall!
1990's Hit writer, Reese Wilson, and my new favoriten Blue Foley.
9:30 dntwn
More than ready for Four Tet at Who else is hitting up this show?
hot damn tyler posey is attractive
And listening to Miles Davis is just mellowing me out too much!!
ahh!
needThatCoffeeBaaaby !!
Can't wait to see you play again tomorrow bro.
SHOOT.
I always get those states mixed up...
I'll bring you along anyways, yeah?
if you follow your duck, doors will open where you didn't see doors before  Joseph Campbell
Doug Collins finally got them to make the call everyone has been asking about for the past 4 years.
Why call that now?
I get to work some really great graphic designers everyday.
Thank you team for all your creative minds, good design, and collaboration.
as did yours!
Cheers and thanks!!

When they say, What are you doing?
You respond: Yep!
Made in heaven!
did you see the ones parat had?
Looked sturdy.
is hellcats gonna be done for ever ???
it makes no sense Dan is supposed to be with marty n what's gonna happen with Martyher dad
Happy First Day of Spring!
What a beautiful day in NYC!
' Theey're still playing songs...
xD.
Checking in  Connected Oscar Gift Suites  Avalon.
Beyond skid marks...tar marks.
Getting ready to install a home theater in Chandler for one of our best customers using for the Highdefinition television signal.
cw09 tech makes students more productive bad writers
salty osu fans say kansas fonna get smashed
lol I think Amy's onto something.
lol

and to all BCEagles fans  a question to all  will we win on Saturday?
Tonight!
Come celebrate life with teamtaurus at club 58.
Free Parking, beautiful people.
No doctorss code
WTF, a women fainted in the middle of Tigers back swing...wild.
Where was the review on that????
SAN DIEGO SUPER CHARGERS!
Gonna go watch the Sandlot because that movie rules
Maybe instead of begging for more followers try tweeting something that makes people hit the retweet button instead of the unfollow one
Please say hi after the show!
And get there early.
We start right on time.
it's so good!
Hi Rihanna.
Wow...I didn't know that you tweeted my blog!
Thank you!!!!
Sweet!
Reviewing my options, I can't resist another Borges quote.
Been a few years since I've read much of him, but he just resonates in my mind...
Aaaaaaaannnnnnddddddd, I'm done bitching : today was lovely.
You definitely
twitter can be buggy!
Headin over to 's to hopefully finish this duet I've been working on.
Sounds so sweet.
Of all the schools in the state, only one has gone to BOTH finals.
So proud of our team.
Am crazy about Looking For the Pony play at Detroit Rep.
Of course, my husband's in it, but nevertheless, great show!
Target has just as many thank you cards for Pet Sitters as for Teachers.
Just finished watching the WWDC keynote.
Pretty amazing stuff coming over the next couple months.
Knowledge is worthless unless you can teach it to others.
Just saw Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speak at Georgetown University.
HRDemo10 Aruspex wins award as best Strategic Workforce Planning solutiona great award at a great showfolks really engaged on demos
The delay of game rule needs to be expunged.
SWEET Reference!
Camelot music!
Believe it when u see it
GIFBOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PEW INSTAGRAM!
dude I l literally like all your instagram pictures :/
lol!
She sleeps pretty well surprisingly for 11 days old.
It's mommy/daddy/yaya who mess up her schedule.
pause....
Im on the way!!
thanks this will be our 4th time at were so excited!
Gonna get an A on this test
However, removing the comment, which was expected, is bad practice.
The core philosophy of managing social is transparency.
;
Sometimes I love being a saturdaylibrarian.
So many great reader's advisory questions.
just hit 2200 on mage last night in 3s.
Down to 2270 or so in my priest's 3s : frustrating.
2270 in 2s though on the priest!
North Carolina: where you can marry your cousin, unless your cousin is a filthy homo in which case, ewww you perv.
Thanks Kirk for knocking Clemson
ikr!
Just tense and worn out nothing bad just norm lol
They weren't joking about fearfactor this season..HOLY CRAP!
Happy as usual :
cool never been to NYC but luv to go some day .
what!?
this is a travesty!!
LMBO FB  Twitter people post I'm going away for 5 days then wonder why their house was broken into....
Speaking the truth!
Mom looking at precalc test review There's WAYY too many letters for this to be a math test !
Your tweets to totally had me looking at what they are doing.
It worked!
Man Ima miss fucking with the few of my classmates I did fuck with...
love you gal.
I have sprained shoulder while this is going on.
I hate greedy ppl.
They should be burned on a stake.
I wanna sleep...
As soon as my students leave im.getting in my car and its dueces
is crafting a blend of rare malt and grain scotch whiskies, distilled and maturing since 1952, to be called Diamond Jubilee
For a bank?
Wow that's a pretty big deal.
Best of luck.
RT if you're an avid user!
RT : Hoosier Beer Geek  A Beer Blog for Indiana, from Indianapolis.: Hoosier Beer Geek in Indianapolis Monthly...
The Jordan 12's they orange and white
Why do the biggest aholes on the road usually have a Coexist bumper sticker?
Dear One Direction , Y U BE SO SEXY ?!!
Love , Mee :
Pics 13 and 14 of Tim Jefferson and Anthony Wright are absolutely classics.
I do, too!
Couldn't have said it better myself!
RT : EdgeRank is to Facebook as the PageRank is to Google.
Looking for a comedy agent help...check me out on youtube.com Look at your headLes
what's up?
Same here, 28 yrs ago!
Just about to lock door leaving with baby, etc, he pukes all over me!
Back inside, start over :D
LAZER TUNNEL!!!!
fell in a transe last summer at mercy lounge in nashville
doctor Sellitto applauds the AntBullying Association for their work saying Keep standing up.
Michigan with a pair of baserunners in the third but Mcintosh with a strikeout to get out of the jam.
UW up in bottom of 3rd trailing 30.
No, I don't add people who retweet me to an awesome list.
Okay, maybe I do.
And maybe people in this industry like to hire their friends.
Killer crossover from Stuck...then a triple!!!!
Go
simply irresistible!
he is a classic.
and hes on family guy..
lol
Looking for a more heart healthy option?
Try the Beef Baja Taco.
Its low in sodium and cholesterol.
Now watchn.
Thnk like a man
My coach just danced up on me funniest thing ever
I just have to say that I love BVB Your songs have helped me alot and I cant thank you enough for that Thanks so much!
I love you!
Tweeting from the eight people occupied 214!
My Team, My Section.
P.K.
Subban is just awful.
Way to throw a high hit, then go completely limp when reinforcements come to kick your ass.
You are garbage.
because I'm awesome :
Bobby Byrd: Im reading a galley of Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe by Benjamin Alire Sáenz.
May have just landed a marketing job!
So excited!
:D
Wat A STEAL!!!
Watching movies is a spiritual undertaking.
It's an exercise in witnessing life.
Be the detached watcher of your own movie.
Yes we are accepting boxed food as well!
.
I'm surprised you even have to say this.
Of course you need to show your work as a UX, esp.
for a midsenior position!
Did you catch the Thiebaud cake doodle on Google yesterday?
Gee, there should really be more art about baked goods.
did you get some furniture yet hah :p
Took 's car to the shop so I got to my office 30 minutes early.
Extra newbery reading time!
thats what's up
Ma nigga just got doctorfted.
reasonsthatweareallhumanandshouldstopjudgingeachotheronmusicbecausewealllikedifferentthings.
Trend that.
Itt was only juss a doctoram...
Did I see you passing by Naked Lounge?
:
oh those are the best.
Love making those.
well, you've always got a guest room to stay in if you want,
Dad, I wake up every morning on my own without your help..
So stfu and gtfo of my face.
You're off work, go to bed.
Bye
A big MAHALO to K2 Sports for joining us today on the Kings' Course.
Everyone played well and enjoyed the Hawaiian sunshine!!
don't get smart Niggah.
But they one fb
Almost to UF...
CarGo tests the fortitude of the bricks in the RF wall; dives into second with 2out double and Tulo stepping into the box...w/1st base open
First Friday Rocks, rocks!
So we hope to see you here for awesome live music.
It's May 4 at 10pm!
Did I mention, free?
we meet up in the parking lot meehhhbeee ?
lol i say parking lot
Real world beckons.
Pump out a few articles.
Back to the steenbeck.
THANKS SO MUCH..
I FOLLOWED BACK
Chris: SAA lets you have electronic access to the literature, which is a great tool
RT : Growth and comfort do not coexist.
Ginny Rometty, IBM CEO.
She's so right!!
thanks for having QUALITY entertainers on your show!
First Day of School, First Day of School.
omg you're killing me.
We were waiting for our food  he was entertaining himself by practicing 'tude for the camera.
ish true feller.
That there damn shauce dun made me slap my momma
Mary, when i first saw the article, i thought it said Phil Spector wrote it.
DYK?
In Massachusetts, it is forbidden to put tomatoes in clam chowder.
Not sure how they forbid it?
More like a guideline?
Le Peep Out!
yaaaaaay!
That's right, he should know better!
The media is going to have a FIELD DAY with Perry
either way, it's a good day for meatballs
they have to play some D, but wow Dallas is on fire.
thanks for following!
I look forward to your tweets as well!
I havre the same thing
gahhh well the only solution is for us to make bad decisions together
its not funny ima start blowin yo phone up when i dont have ish to do :
Donald trump has a birds nest in his hair.:
or the bloodshot reality.
Big crowd at the tx Capitol for the new tejano monument.
Ceremony at 10 am if any of y'all are downtown Austin.
Thanks Steve.
I know a Myers and that's more important.
lost in the Aegean Sea...
;
good luck!!
Wait, how was that a ball?
lets get a bachelors pad together with
I hope that what you really wanted wasn't found under the tree this morning.
You can't wrap love.
Merry Christmas!
in other news, my hair is now frozen, five minutes after leaving the building
Recovering from the Cubs/Sox series.
Slowly.
aw good to see you here again!!
So focused
If I'm the Grizzlies, there is NO WAY i'm letting CP3 beat me with Griffin fouled out.
Double/triple team.
Evans, Foye prove yourselves.
getting excited for tomorrows game?
when u birth a child into this world..
u never know what u birth until they get grown...wheather they become good, bad!!
WOW!
Way to go Giants!
did not know that if your sick a SK shot can really help you thanks for the 411 on SK
You can only live once.
LOL JK, IM A CAT.
So cold I'm getting chills, and flinching every time the construction workers downstairs do anything loud.
Happy Monday.
yeah I know right !
It sucks sometimes
Wow RT : My doctoram event.
MT : John Jeremiah Sullivan  Geoff Dyer in conversation at 192 Books, 3/9
Thought for the Day: Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
seriously RT : More Fire Chief Tucker, less politicians at the news conference today, ok?
RT : Weather vanes and Seesaws thingsmitttakescreditfor h/t JH
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
can't find my glasses again!!!
checking in as to our progress on becoming a dealer.
Get any turkeys?
How courageous!
well its a start Lmao!
Will certainly touch base when new site is good to go.
:
RT TeamTurnUp are we hitting water for some Beer Pong?
Yes.
It doesn't make him any less of a misogynist idiot.
I love the sound of my StudHub's laugh!
Thank you for ur help!
MT : I wouldn't have traded all the back and forth in the last month for DI for anything.
I KNOW!!!!
Thats what I wanted so much from the beginning, and then Sally an Anderson would be nice too.
Raises Hand : Now then, by a show of hands, who's gonna be out howling  the soopah moon tonight?
supermoon
VINNY FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
Can't decide what to watch.
So bored tonight.
bittersweet I might miss that class but I'm def getting my 10 pts tomorrow
No need to let a bit of weather scare you off from coming out tonight for cheap beers and great laughs!
Aim high!
Reach for the stars!
Are all music videos about product placement !?!?
Poring over yesterday's INALJ, contemplating how far from Annapolis I'm willing to commute.
too bad I'm not there doctormming 
Well, I went to the Today Show and I heard that afterwards he was recording something later that night so I asked some girl
Gee.
I wonder where Mark Zuckerberg got the idea of asking people to invest in Facebook to keep it free from ;
ur a funny cat though
I'd also say, it doesn't have to be just you but a trusted collaborator as well can watch  give you that visceral feedback.
Field trip for Foundation tomorrow.
Should be pretty amazing.
that's what I'm thinking about.
I  macaroni!!!!
tee hee awesome RT I'm doing a seventh grade leaf project.
Sure hope I get an A.
It's Freaky Sunday.
haha what's up?
Do we have cultural heritage conservationists in Pakistan?
Who are you?
Dizzying pace in this BYUIona game  wow  and little to no D being played
Cracked my damn screen on my phone SO pissed right now.
Amh
I guess always expect the unexpected...
just in time for our trips :
This has been a really long day so far, and I'm going to dinner with my family so I think it's about to get longer.
Old movies like Grease  la bamba are my favorite.
Healthy, organic, and now approved by ediets.com  Pick up your bottle of Gourmé Mist at your local Kroger July 20th.
wat is the best way to get u to say hi??
ENTI ihub board is brutal....
the bashers have really come out.
well..
we will how it plays out..
it is still anybodies playoffs.
The rays of happiness, like those of light, are colorless when unbroken.
Henry W.
Longfellow
We had technical problems with our sign up page.
All the bugs have been fixed so if you had trouble signing up please try again.
Thanks
ff to and her lil baby forming:
Us too : RT : Excited to see everyone soon!
Yeah, I was the biggest fan of Quark for like a decade.
Im not hating on henne.
I think he has potential.
He could get much better
quoting The smartest person in the room is the room...
Isaiah 40:29 He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
go get em!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have a surprise for you but you're going to have to wait until later tomorrow :P Love you!
I'm good!!
My birthday is Saturday, come over!!
holy shit, in this song the priest sings It's not my fault If in God's plan.
he made the devil so much stronger than a man
You have pretty eyes.
Seeing webinars would make me MORE want to attend conferences.
RT : Like Guy Fieri?
You can meet him in the national Search for the Next Pork Personality  www.theotherwhitemeat.com
yeah shoot me the info.
One of my artist/producers is out there.
I'm out here in the west.
Psalm 138:6 Though the LORD is exalted, he looks kindly on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from afar.
Look 4 the Jeffersonville/Clark County NAACP Uniqueness Unlimited Fashion Show on Sat April 21.
Email   JDG
Bring on philly!
Home court advantage lehgoooo!
cry about it
GABORIK!!!
i don't even care who wins but that game was crazy
We're coming down to the wire, who will win  Bill or Teya?
The hidden places and buried treasures are often in our hearts.
I agree.
Yelling at my TV like crazy....LOL
i needs to get the fucks out this house
Have you gotten your tix for this year's festival??
Which performance are you going to??
:
Why did dhall decide to put everything on a stick tonight?
I just followed 3 doctornking establishments aka bars.
Hmm what does that say about moi?
blog it anyway, make it again another time and replace the pics in the future.
the pics should be in my page
I'm voting for the backless shift doctorss designer
I Love You More :
I didn't watch Community tonight, sheepshead trumped it.
ItsHardTo not make any jokes about METX loco 132, because of its bell which rings 2x per second.
Geesh, geesh, geesh!
It's been a bomb ass morning so far.
Bye Donovan.
Hate to see you go.
Love you girl!!!
aw thank you!
quantum leap of faith...
Found The Amazement Revolution by Shep Hyken at Barnes  Noble.
Looks good.
Didn't see it on Amazon.
We had a wonderful time at the Union League Club listening to Jane Maas.
Thanks for a great evening, Jane!
I enjoy the last quarter of all basketball games.
Sarah Silverman
What up Chase?
It's Jake Da Snakes manager Jeremy.
Nice work on NoTalking.
I have a couple new MCs.
We should get to work!
DO NOT FORGET!!!!!
Stretching and mobility class will be help this SUNDAY at 10am!!!!!!
Aw.
I wish I had more sway or that number would be way higher.
When a mom spends 500,000 on baby pageants and her daughter shuts down on stage.
toddlerstiaras
airlines Flight 1339 has a software update?
Don't you think they should do that at another time?
Friend is first class too!
Answers to a few DMs: Yes my wife really spanks me.
Yes, I have to take my pants down.
And her hand has mostly been replaced by a hairbrush.
thanks!
Same to ya!
i feel gross :L
Happy Birthday to my dad!
Thank you.
I hope so too.
:
I miss you I like you
let's go for the end of the year instead
yep, that's what I was asking!
Haha but there is no debate...
RBIs is like saying run batted ins which makes no sense!
Kramnick: Form gets us away from authorial intent.
Wow!
RT : 96 of the online population is using SocialMedia.
According to LinkedIn research
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Henry Ford ,
I think my relationship with coffee might be purely physical.

Happy Bday ;Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?make her shut up , finally ?
She can't stop talking bout ya ;D
yeah what a butt head!
: Where my double Ds at where my C cups at lmao Baby B's in the house!!
XD
I keep my cars for their entire life span, so I better love it!
:
Fan of gospel brunch?
for a limited time, Receive 4 for the price of 3!
Contact for more information!
a person who doesn't value u in the present, will never understand your worth in the future!
WE WON!
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so.
Do share your illustrations, too.
I hate moving furniture!!
thank you 3
Wow.
Full moon.
Coyotes throughout the desert are howling!
I'll give you a call tomorrow when i know if it's ready to pick up!
portlandia moment of the day: rolled up doctorss pants to bike to work, couldnt roll them back down when i got there
following you can you follow back?
Plz DM me.
I just bought ur jersey and was jw if I mail it 2 u could you sign it so I can frame it?
I'm a HUGE fan.
I even
Oof!
Sorry, that stinks.
I feel your pain.
Oh damn...Listen to the radio on Yahoo messenger...Yep I need to shake it like a salt shaker tonight...Love to dance!!!
CRAFTY DEAL: Refinery 29 offering all vintage items either 9 or 20 to celebrate their launch.
Mention this tweet!
he's real.
I worked in a law firm that hired some of his associates.
I miss jersey shore:
Live tweeting brain surgery right now!
Thats the same exact thing it means in America as well!
Today is about to be
follow me and I'll follow you!
Too lose this series to Houston shows we r at bottom..
And above all things God chose to sacrifice himself just for us.
Now thats love!
Show some Jesus love people!
Come to Jesus!
THE ZOO KREW x LAMBORGHINI DEE X PUCK x DJ SINCEER WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT BABA BUBANS MAY 19TH AFTER THE GYPSY FEST.
Good morning tweeters...
I think I am finally over my headache...
Going in to work this morning....
so always talks about you and i decided to lurk your twitter..
your officially one of my favorite people.
Two New Songs Off My New Cd The Intro Will Be Posted On My Site Tommorow  442 Fans So Far  Next Hundoctord  New Song  BAM!!!!
vra2012 I need to be paying better attention in this session, but I am distracted thinking about the bracelet I want to buy.
Good HelloMornings Princesses!
Ur Precious Sisters 2me Beloved2 our KING!
BeStillKnow He Is GOD.
Oh the Delight of Being HisGirl!
LuvU:
Eli Manning is the man
Me, Myself  I: Volume IV is tonight featuring Chris Dudley, Donne the Wychdokta, Gilbert Sanchez and Jude Luna.
Time for a special photo shoot!
Super excited for this one!
Wow another video of you and your crew rolling around the city like you own the place.
lmao XD people like that just need to move over and doctorve in the slow lanes..hahaha
you are very good looking and i love your tweest!
I thought it would have been nice to do it after so maybe thats something we can work out with the bars themselves.
fashion lives!!
I'm bout to take these wings down and study my cram packet
Thanks for stopping by the booth, sorry I missed you!
Hope you enjoyed the show!
The first of three finals today...
wish me luck!
Yes PocketTees round two this summer
: FunnyAdultMovieTitleOfDay Meatless Muff Bumpers 9.
That series hit its peak with number 4
Oxygen  life ...
When the body's pH is balanced, it is in an aerobic state, or full of oxygen.
Must go to today and try the new orange blood fro yo.
Looks amazing.
I love you baby and I want you to know I gave up on the rest because you were the best you have my heart.
I miss you.
its whatever Josh i just want you to mean that your actually sorry .
!
o:
: If u want in your room go to Gronknation.com and check out the Fathead link.
Your mood completely brought down mine.
Thanks
hey how r u
Bcltorphanworks Lydia Loren: lets not call them orphan works, but works held hostage!
belated thanks for the FF mention.
Don't forget to spring forward to daylight savings time.
doctorSantelises says has a vision for every kid will receive comprehensive sequential arts Ed.
Joakim Noah has 11 offensive boards and 4 on the defensive end.
How is that possible?
Thank you!!
You'll have to make the Atlanta to Denver trip to visit us.
RT What a beautiful new museum...!
argh.
so frustrated.
alas, c'est la vie.
at least our receipt has the right date.
;
Hello brother...I hope you are blessed!!!!!!!
Taurus MB guy of the day: Ray
Childoctorn's books that say lions live in the jungle: stop it.
Lions live in the savannah.
Same!
RT I keep getting distracted by the mysterious girl in the fabulous Spring '12 doctorss in the background
THANKS BRO FOR THE BEAT I APPRECIATED..
It's bad when a therapist loses hope  I think this marriage is already as vicious as the War of The Roses.
Glad you enjoyed.
Thanks so much!
To the greatest followers in the world.
One of you will win a custom twitter background like our pros use today!
Follow  RT 2 B eligible!
Thinking of slowmo karate routines I could go through during Tweezer Reprise  Moma Dance.
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
Carl Sagan
I love that.
It's also satisfying when the turn signal syncs up to the music.
It's illegal to eat an orange in the bathtub in California.
I learned that playing V100 LAW  ORDER.
Listening to V100 can make you smarter!
Exciting day.
We bottled our first Early Mountain vintage.
Check out the video from our owner
Americans will always do the right thingafter theyve exhausted all the alternatives.
Winston Churchill
I'll be performing at Hard Rock Improv tonight  8PM  I will NOT be naked....
Baptist Health will build a medical complex that will include a 26k sq ft emergency center and 80k sq ft, 3 story office building.
I haven't done the physical tickler file, but use OmniFocus to schedule tasks.
NEW class begins!
Femdon Domination for the submissive who has the gift of service!
Get the training package now!
Don't holdout on us.
How was the dinner with Michael Bolton and Tom Wolfe?!
ifyouonlyknew how much I hated you.
Thank you for Witness video tweet.
So guess where my jobs gonna start at?
Keansburg Amusement Park ;
What are going to be up to out here?!
Want to know how Scentsy can help you raise money for your favorite club or charity?
Contact me for details!www.lindseydecker.scentsy.us
via Justin LivinbyDesign Robinson If you get a new You..You can get a new year..
because You are the main character in every year of yo...
thanks dear!!
So what time are you coming over?
Hi, DPF, Thanks so much for mentioning me.
Greatly appreciated.
All best to you.
No the sexiness is over!
And Louis has a mustache hehe
2.
Even if u do go for govt plan, I dont read this to require you to give them access.
It just says the goal is to have capacity
'Real G'z' Demo Mixtape joint AND 'Home Soil' Original produced by KnightMare Musik due to doctorp tonight!!
!!!
Yeah you right!
Me too!
Keep hearing/seeing the message 'do it' from different sources.
I think God's trying to tell me to stop procrastinating and get busy!;
Now your just somebody that I use to know
siri what do I do with the dead hookers
haha thank u I hope so :
no!
I'll stop tweeting deep tweets haha
Hi Heidy.
Thanks for the follow and here's a wave to you and your little one!
Best wishes Stuart
Sometimes the right decisions have the wrong outcome.
Wow, I 95 in VA is Jammed SB from the Beltway to VA123 off and on
Warning: if you listen to that last link, be sure to stop the video at 3:25, the next song that starts playing is pretty wild.
Do u really care
To quote Kiel Johnson: there are two kinds of people in the world.
Those who have ridden a bike share and those who have not.
never, just getting my singles ready
Harry Styles look a like on the beach.
'Why hello there' ;
Do you know what you bring to the table?
MerseysideDerby tomorrow at 8am!
Who ya got for the win?
Put your cape on, you're a super hoe.
I can't bro these guys are ridic
GO FOLLOW shes really nice!
RT : Today was my last day interning for !
thank you for everything!
Thanks for listening to our music!
Be sure to like us on facebook.com/untileleven :
Does anybody have the booking contact info for the Neon Desert Music Festival?
TEST FOR HIV INFECTION  Sometimes HIV is silent.
It doesn't cause any symptoms at all.
Even when I sit next to her, all I smell is a bitch.
Giants in 5 next year, suck it phillies, we beat your starting 5 once not afraid for another beating, x factor Brandon Belt!!!
He almost threw his hand awy on rvr.
Says u got it   shows missed flush.
Srry my 6 hi cant beat it..anyway, it was comical despite losing
I did need help with my challenge.
Thanks, you made me a champion.
It's Led Zeppelin btw
I'm great!
Ur own poetry or various poets?
you rocked freemont street sat night we had a blast
Really enjoying the tweets coming through the MW2012 list I set up, an amazing bunch of people!
More names to add though
My evening so far: a guy in a goat mask, two elephants fornicating, and a guy smashing a cake who may or may not have been imaginary...
fighter and Hawaii's Maka Watson lost to Ryan Couture of via majority decision.
Happiness is my grandson, Tyson, knows how to give me a kiss on the cheeks b4 I leave for the studio.
How cool is that?!
So!
I just had my first full day of work at a LA florist shop!
Woo!
yaymaking
See!
Nat'l dems don't seem to understand that the fight for WI in Nov, starts now with the recall.
I'm a good doctorver for da most part tho :B
It's Friday and we love it!
Come in and pick up some new polish for the weekend and check out our Breast Cancer awareness booth!
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today
second of three days enjoying my
I do believe the agreement was when you hire staff from us!!!
Let us know your size though, just in case ;
So glad you are tweeting the 100th show!
That awkward moment when boys and girls can't just be friends.
Eating frosted flakes with no milk
these little things makes you beautiful:
have called that number for the past 10 days to no avail.
Just told to refax authorization 4 times.
Any other suggestions.
THAT IS ADORABLE.
I love you guys 3
: Few things say Thanksgiving like Nickelback.
Try turkey or family or love or
Good Morning Kyle
yeah I seem to have been on one since I turned 21.
So a year.
Ha
have fun and I hope he is packer fan :
we dont rock no gangster clothes, we be rockin wrangler jeans
i was in the 212
Ready to leave!
Yep I am precious
Enjoyed watching the Penguins kick it and win it last night!
We have a choice every day regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
Chuck Swindoll
Its easy to forget that other people also have stressful lives that we cant even begin to imagine.
Richard Carlson
You were awesome this morning on !
Stoked for tonight!
Yum!
Enjoy your lunch!!
:D RT : monicals with the pops
i love all y'all...
I miss you niggas to....
oh you
no joke, i'd probably freak out inside if i ever met .
Watching family guy
I hate the spurs cause of that.lmaoo
Wishing the new Canon 1.4/50mm would come out.
Oh my GOSH!I wish I knew that.I seriously got the run around today.Everyone was pointing their fingers to someone else.Frustrating.
NASA has done so much to lead the way for gov't in social media.
Fingers crossed.
Sorry for party rockin
Taking out wrath on short stories...poor writers!
feel like complete shit : i want to go homee!!
First time all year I actually stay for lunch and a fight breaks out.
LOL
Starlin Castro is LAZY
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends LP Steamers 1100 E Fort Ave Baltimore 5769294 Steamed Crabs  Cold Beer  Roof Top Deck great eats!
where's the watering hole here
Thank you god
Hopefully, NEVER used as a learning tool in any form of education about any actual history
It hurts again : wahhh.
What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians?
A doctormmer.
I cant wait!!
RT: : Opening Day is February 4th!
Earliest opening date in 20 years!
RT : Honey that would be in bad taste.
5th wedding is traditionally Smack my Bitch up by Prodigy.
send me some questions and I'll do my best.
u should feel honored..
Gradual showers overnight will end into the later morning.
Some clearing expected.
Highs around 70
great event this weekend!
My brewski tasting glass will be on display at the ShowClix office!
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD ABSOLUTE DESTRUCTION
Please follow they are firefighters raising money for by cycling from slough to Newquay in 3days.
Thanks!
no I don't
WeWontWorkIf you don't praise every word I say
Not tryna be cocky I got yo heart in my pocket
Keynote Speaker Donald Snider VP of Urban Economic Development from the MEDC calling all business owners..startups  existing 5/18 10am
it was a great one!
New follower here in Tulsa.
First day of October.
Its soo beautiful...
:3
Bob's 47 on tap at Let's see how long it holds out.
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 39
Tonight!
CLOSING NIGHT of in DEAR JOHN MAYER.
8pm, OpenFist theatre.
Openfist.com.
Don't miss this show!
how do we attain credentials to log into the website?
I think you should join me.
LISTENING TO HIM HERE!:
it was good....really good....Blake is still munching on it...i ate so much i abt burst..lol..we havent touched the pie yet.
mayne, that sucks!
Happy Monday from Ameba!
What projects are you tackling this week?
RT : Hopped off the Google bandwagon...but I will say they have good commercials.
Duke should have recruited me to shoot threes for me.
Tim Kirkland should send in my
Because it is spelled wrong.
RT : RT : Ukelele no good.
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment.
Unknown Author
tips for upper body training for women, please!
Specifically the pull up muscles!
THX!
If yuh falla weh people say .....you would neva get no where In life ...God give you a mind of yuh own Use it
awesome!
Do you have a link to the recipe per chance?
there really is nothing like vinyl...listening to an LP for the first time in ages  Dutoit, Montreal Symphony, Works by Ravel.
Amazing.
Shoot, hope that accidental twohour nap doesn't keep me up tonight!
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
HOLY HSBDKCHBSJDY TALK ABOUT A TEASE
Thanks for the RT on POV blog.
Taco bell 
game is at 6:20 Sunday.
Ill post the schedule on FB tomorrow.
It's Indoor sand!
Not me.
Friend is sitting next to some guys signing the paperwork now at the bar.
Boy wow your pussy is too wet i dont like that!
girlshm too wet wow u have to be gay on the low
I thought going somewhere.
;
Looking forward to see what's gonna happen tonight.
SharonNeedlesIsTheBest you better not it up!
: Never give up mavs!
lame.
I thought that you were talking about at the office.
I have a no computer before leaving the house rule works great.
It's time for Santorum to go home and wallow in dessert.
A President Santorum Frothy Cream Pie in particular.
yu always asking somebody for something!
I just realized I tweet with a lot of emoticons.
:/
Just me and Netflix, having a folding  stapling party in my room.
money 2 be made so I got 2 be paid
M!
Chocolate chocolate chip ice cream : You make me fall in love with you more and more every day!
come on peopel like this page!!
why???
What'd he do?
Have a great weekend, TEFLers!
See you at next weekend's chat about teaching abroad!
I'm a wild boy
can't wait for new new album sounds very ambitious!
: RT : Netanyahu: Containment is definitely not an option.
Prevention, not Containment.
Win tickets to see Satisfaction/The International Rolling Stones show coming to the Jefferson tomorrow night in the next 1/2 hour
it's the killer ladies and gentlemen
Pho and Office Space on my couch after working a double.
It's okay.
I'm probably going to cave and read them.
I like the feel of them too much.
haha so whats it like there?
:D
Everyone follow please!
2001th tweet :
,you will always be the best for us mahomies
LOL!
Good one
any slides from your NoSQL talk u can post?
New This Week  Nine new jobs and one new award.
Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
You might be right, but his language is rather vague to freight it with so much precision.
Hi sweetie!!!!!
How was your day?!
Ok ya play us tomorrow right??
Southwest
Yea not for me doe
if you think i'm scared of friday the 13th, you're outta your scaredycat mind
Dammit.
Called 84 point total for all 4 teams for free SB ticks.
Looks like 83 will take it.
I'll be livetweeting the SD Unified school board mtg tonight from Follow me there
Watching the bachelor with
RT : It's no doctoram.
I'm really in the house!
jackisback Don't bring that fat orange head around my Azul show!
Thanks for including us in your daily!
tis the season!
Congrats to Childoctorns Literacy Coalition partner Debra Colman from for being named Distinguished Field Instructor by USC!
yayyy good for you.
I hope you feel better.
When people call you cute 
hello follow me please ;
if i see one more thing about nato on facebook i will personally unleash fire breathing doctorgons on everyone
If you don't mean what you say, then shut the fuck up.
You do NOT want to know what Willy Wonka did with his oompa loompas in his dungeon.
You know who makes the best work background music?
Ratatat.
I want some
Mason meeting at marble quarry expected to doctorw hundoctords
...
time disappears...it doesn't even speed up.
:
lol ya it was :D and I'm the one in the way back behind Jacob :/
Aww : hope you had a great holiday Bets!
Happy new year!
Miss ya!
How are u?
Still rockin' it for Nike?
Aloe still part of your diet?
Starbucks: bad idea to me but I don't doctornk coffee or alchohol.
77 here in Sunny Georgia
haveyouever taken an HIV test?
If you are sexually active, then you should take one ASAP.
you put PURPLE RAIN in my cd pile!!
wahahhhahhaha
Grrrr I hate how I'm never onn no more:c tweet me :D
gee how did u know?
haha yeahh im super bored
Tomorrow night there will be a WallCast at starting at 8pm.
Grab a picnic, bottle of wine and enjoy!
Thanks  not sure if it could actually be referred to as a job but it's a good way to while away a couplea hours here n' there ;
Sweet Tweets r: Hot, kool, sexy, successful, peace, luv, soul, champaigne need I say more..
In my world everyone's a star my motto bling!
3 step process in this experiment: 1.Listen 2.Learn 3.Understand
Hi : thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love
One uwm party qualifies as news?
So seriously tired and wish I wasn't in this creepy basement by myself.
I love that my room is down here but some nights its 
TWITTER JAIL??
WHAT IS THAT??
Audition Tip: Dont have the last page of one song share the same plastic sleeve as the 1st page of another song.
trying different doctorgs  girls.
Good morning : Austream Later on right ; ?
3
LA is great!
Keepin busy on this featureboom not acting12hr days for the most part...then emails  networking too
HIRING a Medical Billing and Collections Specialist in North TAMPA email resume
Your life doesn't suck.
What sucks is your complaining and lack of desire to change it.
Whole family cuddling in one bed watching Elf.
i hate rehearsal days!!!
Good morning twitter world bout to get my am jog on
Just shut up.
If you don't want to date a guy who thinks he's better than you and has a venomous disdain for mainstream culture, don't date a Smiths fan.
Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window?
The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out.
Clean your bedoctorom, make your bed, and take some shots where you sleep.
Is it time to call Better Homes  Gardens?
Or Hoarders Weekly?
Nicee switch up !
Learn and think imperially.
FollowFriday, a trusted source of information.
All meaningful and lasting change starts first in your imagination and then works its way out.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Why couldnt she just come out and do Superbass?
Good evening everyone.
It's been very quiet lately even though it's the start of the new TV season.
Anyway...
Bring it!
A million thanks to Jimmy Adams at wtys.cc for playing Amy Ames in heavy rotation in Marianna, Florida
Glad to hear it all worked out!
What airline was she on so we can pass along the compliment?
at the end of one full day using mutt for work MUA i can only wonder why i didn't think to do it sooner
do u kno whn u coming to dallas tx for a show?
After all I've been through not giving a fuck.would be easy..
But I can't have that type of attitude.
Yay!
Don's digging up old pix of me!
LOL RT : I'm watching..
finally getting some whalers put on my arm today, who will win the battle of blubber
I want your sugar cookies if you know what I mean....
wtf mike hahahaha
most of them are fake,
I bet they feel so smoothe.
I can't wait to get all this metal up out my mouth in 2 weeks!!
JB should make a MOVIE !!
I LOVE MOVIES!!!
that'd be awesome!!!!!
3 ;
Aztecs 24 and 1.
They pounded Utah.
NFL HOF'er Marshall Faulk appears at halftime.
Great night at SDSU.
God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters
The club got him
so true.
I love you so much
is there a way to alphabetize my iphone notes lists?
should follow me or tweet me as an early birthday present: its tomorrow:
Big congrats to Greg!
i hate people
hey i miss yuhh: love ya lots 3
Leaving first marketing committee meeting...
So grateful for partners!!
I love this quote
Must have vision think outside of your comfort level.
C'mon Els, I wanna hit again.
I'm hoping I can get a reduced rate at a La Quinta Inn with my impressive Klout score.
Got to look out for me.
that's kind of cool.
Who was the bobblehead?
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
I have not read any fan fiction since November.
I can't even remember all the sites I used to visit apart from Soshified.
How was ?
Apparently so.
were waiting on you bro...Tweet us when you stop by
Omg when the boyz came from behind the umbrellas i almost peed myself
RT You had me, YOU fucked up, now you regret it  IDGAF
where was John Mclain's cousin John McClain to tell him yippie kai yay mister Falcon...
I remember how when I was little I use to love Thalia.
:D cool
If I had a meeting today where I thought I could get away with it I would ;
Four movie productions were going on here in Pittsburgh in Fall 2011
RT : Friends Day Wednesday at BDUBS tonight!
'Magic city' is awful.
Don't waste an hour of your life.
Last week, I thought I'd be with Caz right now.
I guess going to bed at 8PM will have to do.
We love because it's the only true adventure.
Nikki Giovanni
God asks no man whether he will accept life.
That is not the option.
You need to take it.
The lone question is how.
omg, , did you see this?
oh, sorry!
um...
They should call their desserts Urinal Cakes
wow thats crazy a 200 dollar hairdoctorer lucky!!: lol
Id have to say collectively the Blackhawks were doctoradful.
Its just so hard to let go of everything..
that amazing moment when a guy pulls you back for another kiss before you leave.
3
We have moved any photos that are not showing up in Ateamo over so you should not have to upload them again.
Wow.
That was loud.
Great show.
James will be at Coachella tomorrow.
Check them out.
right on!
Good times
nice where are you at now?
Our enlightening yet sporadic CoMoFirstKickCountdown continues!
RT I will say this again fuck Steve Blake with all the rusty nails in the world.
Then follow our page?
So pissed,tired time to get away from everybody MIA
quotes My job is a job to make decisions.
I'm a decision..
if the job description were, what do you do..
it's decision maker.
I will now be tweeting and blogging under my real name
Listening to on Praise the Lord.
The anointing destroys yokes!
Voice touched by God
: hipsters ruin everything
Thank goodness is playing right now.
Otherwise, I'd be watching aerial coverage of Peyton Manning arriving in Denver.
hmm wow!
that is very odd?
something is not right.
when you you use the search button does it work for anything at all?
Women say real men are hard to find, when actually, the real men that they came across didn't interest them.
Why don't I have a bike?
This thought brought to you by hearing the song Bicycle Race.
doctoram of Californication
Actually i think it's there's no new ideas unless they come from Apple....
Can't wait for a new Keira Knightley
James Franco, well respected actor, director, academic is speaking at Strandbookstore  lineup is panic attackworthy
oh dear lord, that is frightening.
Eh?
And don't you hate Naruto?
The men's hair product Touch of Gray is a great example of sheer American greed and indecision.

my first party of the evening.
Let's see what's to eat!
appreciate it!
I'm going to put my PJs on now to make it less convenient to go out for ice cream later
dammit!
worst possible timing ever!
Watching CSI thinking bout that special someone  mtHINCHER
r we having a FF war?;3
RT : Inspiration is that state in which mind and heart are connected.
what!?
: you will have to follow to find out Haha
Say crap about me I can do the same ur not going to go around bashing me and me not say anything
Why can't every boy be raised as a gentlemen like or ?
Congrats to pro  all around great guy Matt Kuchar on a well deserved win at THEPLAYERS.
Way to show your mom a great day!
Bout to work on building this wall 
I think I am the only one that's bad at keeping track of how many tweets I have...lol
Chillin I hit your line last Tuesday fam.
When asked about whether or not he would free the slaves, Lincoln said, on 9/13/1862, Whatever shall appear to be Gods will I will do.
thanks for the words of encouragement!!
HUGE thank you goes out to all that came to the Speakeasy on Friday.
It was a sweet show and you made it even sweeter.
Thanks again!!!
If WalMart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
Congrats coach K but you still have more to come.
Enjoy prom today , and send me pictures
Really happy for my old boss, Steve Lavin.
It's early, but he's got the Johnnies off to a great start in the Big East!
you still make no since.
yea its your opinion but dont hate on them.
im sure you're not even half as talented as them.
State revenue collections fell in March for the first time in two years.
Oklahoma Treasurer Ken Miller said Tuesday.
East Bay Bike Party is riding through my neigborhood, right now.
great post.
Timely for sure.
Thank you
I listened to your tracks!!!
I like your sound!
I am a Fan!!!
Eric
Simon Borg thinks Sounders fans are great to have civil discussions with.
That last retweet was for you.
You have to watch the Straight out of Dunwoody video.
Hilarious.
Getting tattoo 2 soon 
I seriously can't wait.
I check your sites constantly and I would love to learn more from you!!
: Thx!
Seattle in a little over two weeks!
Northwest get read!!!
Thank you for the support and helping to spread the word about Ten for Tigers!
:

In differentiation, not uniformity, lies the path of progress.
how neat!!!
praise God again thanks for letting me help out i had fun too.
It was good experience
Curious to see how does starting on the 19th when the Knicks play DAL, NJN, ATL and MIA over five straight nights.
Kick back with our specialty flavor sangria!
I do air fireballs into airdashes with morrigan while falling with S.
Am I a top Morrigan player now?
Time for the V100 AllRequest Cafe!
Call 345.V100 or post your song request on the V100 Facebook page!
www.facebook.com/v100fm
Of course, we have your back : RT : Thank you for the support!
Still up and bored as crap
nice!
I just looked at clothes I couldn't afford :P
Foolish is to funny!!!!!
They have a taste for blood.
I just know it.
Writing trivia questions with for tomorrows
Last nite  the HUDSON RIVER LOFT READING SERIES made the majority of the audience tear up.
He is a force.
Check out Broadway on the Bima this Saturday at 7:30 pm at Sinai!
My mom is always asking me to cook.
or try some non fiction!
My sister is a mess smh
'Traditional editors should be embracing these data points...
It doesn't steer the bus but could whisper directions...'
Ah got it.
Oh yeah, I had to run out and but that Queen Bee book in fing fifth grade but so far so good.
yet i know it's comin'
Very good.
I have a friend who just moved to Korea.
He does not have a 4 year degree.
Will he need to do a TEFL ?
When guys use your bathroom and dont put the seat down
RAISE YOUR 25's up!
Floyd got Beiber fever  IM OUTS!
For the latest in DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live!
She came with you but left with me.
Interception.
good morni ma
Haha...
you broke the story early!
We'll have some announcements and explanation up tomorrow.
:
Was it just one of those mornings where you wake up  really crave Windows8.
No?
Me neither.
I guess we're getting it anyway
aw I need to go up to golds and sign up finally
i wish i did have a lazy day School so boring but i need a edgeamucation lolz ; plz reply!!!!
also do u like the animal hats
Interesting to live in LA on 20th anniv of LA Riots.
I was 12 yrs old and living 2,500 mi.
away in VA; hard to understand that experience.
I love that prison was used 3 times in this tweet.
As I typed the email to , I was like, 'this doctoram was crazy weird.'
RT : On this day in 1938, the won their 2nd Stanley Cup.
Good luck tonight as they begin the road to this...
1 DAY LEFT YEEUH YOUR TEETH WILL BE FREE!!
; YOU WILL BE ABLE TO LICK THEM AGAIN: Are you EXCITED ??
33
Happy New Year!
Now's the time to start thinking and registering for EdcampSS.
Check the website 4 info.
www.edcampss.org
This HAS to be the gayest office EVER!!!
A chance to buy a copy of Code Talker signed by Chester Nez?
Yes please!
Thanks for the mentions and RT's
Keep up the good work on the podcast!!!
im so proud of you.
lol that sounds more fun than my day.
is she there for scale?
Tweet up??
Didn't know you guys homebrewed!
My major requires ONE math class, I don't think me being ONE point shy on ACT math should keep me from getting accepted.
But that's just me.
Happy New Years from TripRes!
Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right!
must be nice...
guess I'll go ahead and open my applesauce now....
have fun today!
3
I imagine he's better than Colt McCoy.
How can they say my life is not a success?
Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?
Bitterness steals your future, don't let it 
when in the WORLD are you going to get your phone servers up again?
We are in the afternoon of day 3.
cc:
Great news!
Just rec'd word that we'll be doing our postproduction sound at the famous Skywalker Ranch!!
haha.
Thanks.
Glad I Gould bring a smile!
That tooth polish did NOT taste like piña colada.
why not?
Are we really doctorven by what the media does?
Could this ever be the case?
Signs you travel too much: www.news.travel.aol.com/2010/09/30/signsyoutraveltoomuch/
ProTect Painters  proud sponsor of KUT 90.5 listen this week, mention you heard us and take 150 off your next project of 1000!
What would Borges say about the end of published encyclopedias?
thanks elaine!!
miss u all!!
brrrrrr..I don't wanna go out there.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
lol!
happens : You cannot feel like a bigger idiot than when Tweetdeck informs you that you are 'Unable to selfDM'.
aww.
I'm sure you do everyday :
Olly Murs will be singing his new single tonight to the crowds at Cawdor Castle
About to go into creative hibernation, and very excited for this project.
New Yankees Spring Fitteds www.kingoffitteds.com
yes, I got 'er done  No fins or buoy available down here so I improvised....
worked hard.
I smile and act like Nothing is Wrong, Its called Dealing with Shit nd staying Strong.
True.
RT : The Big East is nextlevel dysfunctional.
Check out brittanymaffei.pureromance.com and msg to order Valentines goodies!
Ask for the Friday the 13th sale!!!
yeah come on down bro!!
I'm doing HTML  CSS in it's amazing how much I remember from HS computer science class.
cc
As in 1973?
and you my dear please rest and heal fast
Beyonces music is so timeless.
I can listen to her stuff from back in the day and still love it as much as the new stuff 
change is hard.
The Indiana Pacers are hosting the New Jersey Nets tonight at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse.
Call us now to buy the game tickets: 8884930004
That sucks that's something you've gotten used to.
wondering if made it safely to the Slippery Noodle
Live, love, pray100:
hahahah looked like you had a great night last night ;
ahah bruno mars he is like half black and hawaiian!
: just to let u kno ahaha
Shame on you North Carolina smh
You really have to work extra hard to keep that girlish figure in ATL
THANKS EVERYONE FOR FOLLOWING ME :D!!
JUST GOT TO 100 FOLLOWERS :
Is having a REALLY bad day!!!
Trying to stay positive, but it's really hard to do today!
That's what cable TV was all about when it started?
Congratulations to for winning gsec11 grand prize of 12,500 !!
sure is thrilled with the announcement of the Mellon Foundation grant to put bike racks on 120something Port Authority buses!
Hey!!
I've been good.
How about yourself?
what's with tha alien?
Whew!!!
Finally a break from meetings!
Nap time???
i used the google translator and it told me this meant jake necromancer?
necromancy is definitely relevant tho
thanks beans love you to!
Fairfax loves skeeball!
At Hard Times Cafe!
Stop by!
hang with cody simpson
Hello to the Colonel and Luis G!
Finally going home:
ADULT OPEN FIELD // SUNDAY APRIL 22ND 47PM // GABLE PARK 777 ELLIS AVE NEWTOWN SQUARE PA // ALL ARE WELCOME
Monday Funday.
Who wants a bloody?
Come to The Noble and we'll set you up right.
Have a safe trip back and the rest of the crew.
Job well done in Orlando!
it is during the day if it's sunny, like today!
but at night it's about the same as seattle : good thing for central heating!
These PK's are intense!
This!
RT :  whatever you're working on better be the bomb for all the time you're spending in the studio.
All deez famous rappaz worth more DEAD than alive thats gotta suck guess I outta be careful what I wish for cuz I might get shot ya KnOw
happy birthday!
Not yet, but I'm pretty low on the food chain for interoffice news.
Preserving the veterans memorial tollway...
Thanks to all the nonprofessorts that applied for SummerOfMaps!
We had an amazing response.
Final review today, student applications open tmister.
I like Debbie Reynolds' voice.
But I'm not familar enough to kno who could hav sung her role better
Can't take credit for Community Day...but I will enjoy it!
Will I see you there?
how are you ?
I find it ironic that the colors red, white,  blue represent freedom untill they are flashing behind you.
YA finally done with a science project!!!!!!!!
its been so long since ive been on D:
yes you are
karma is very real but only for those that can admit when they falter
Country music always reminds me of summer
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're greatly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
How nice!
Awesome!
You should have received this morning an updated release with the panelists announcement.
Thank you!
Want to boost email open rates?
Experiment with early mornings, early evenings and weekends.
Except on Super Bowl Sunday.
:
merry christmas Jayy!: i love u3 I was the one at the orlando show who gave u the blue  yellow bracelet that said princess
Fan fiction concept: Fundamentalist Christian gets his/her letter from Hogwarts.
Title: The Letter  The Law
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at HOOLIGAN'S
Time to invest in some longjohns
we need to have a oth convo soon about season 6.
Why is it so crackin?
Lol
Grammy time!
Everyday is beautiful.
Enjoy every moment...
RT : Can't wait for Emily West's Family or Freedom
Dear married man hitting on me  sure, I'll meet you for a doctornk later.
Pls bring your wife, though.
I'd love to chat with her!
TMac may be starting tonight.
McDonald's AllAmerican game tonight at 830pm on ESPN.....watch your favorite 2012 guys!!!
Don't forget me, I beg  'I'll remember,' you said.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.
::adele::someone like you::
The story is filled with emotional and spiritual revelation, from marriage, college, and...
I finally finished Wizard's First Rule by Terry Goodkind.
820 pages of pure, brilliant awesomeness.
People need some type of sense of humor, being serious all the time is not all that great.
some dude is trying to kick a pervs ass at the bus stop 4 me cuz i remind him of his daughter lol.
I COME ON TWITTER TO SPEAK TO MY FANS!x NOT TO SAY WHAT I HAD FOR DINNER LAST NIGHT!x
Brain Floss: Prehistoric kids almost never had cavities because they didn't eat sugar.
Nice suspenders
Q: How many Accountants does it take to change a light bulb?
A: What sort of answer did you have in mind ?A: Nonejust assume it's changed.
still need the studio shot
Sharon Olds The older I get the more I feel almost beautiful...
Let's be awkward together
It's time this country got blessed with another Dave Matthews.
nobody
yes but it's been a year and he only tweeted me once.
DAMN IM SAD CAREER NOT A OPTION...
Tomorrow is our 1st Friday night flights from 47.
I hope to see you there
I'm writing a story for school that's based off a fake news release from another group.
It's amazing how bad some people are at writing..
Nothing like a bowl of lucky charms at midnight.
lol that is touching
Trying to find a way
Marcum says that indep rsrch libs should be helping scholars learn to use GIS well; enabling digital resources via templates
he send me a porn website
The sound of freezeframe means we're ready for the second period.
Toronto up 10.
bahaha!!
oh yes you do!
no I meant forever land
AMCs  Scotty has a great voice and seems like a nice guy!
Congratulations!
and The Urban Rock crew are going on Tour in Germany...
Details Coming Soon!!!
Going to be busy the next few days.
2 upcoming shows, Feb 4 in Lake Charles and Feb 17 in Houston.
no only two more episodes of GoT left!!
Holyy mother of moonpiess , I'm doctornking soda :O :
no way!
Re: Apt.
shopping...
most guys I know would wait till summer to check out the swimming pool talent :
A new song, 2 CDs and a necklace giveaway.
:
They're hilarious!
RT : Going to see and at I've had a bad week so be funny!
Currently listening to: MADI SIMMONS  I LOVE ASIMPLE LIFE on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Four presentations, three different topics, at two different schools makes for one tiring day.
Can't say I didn't try
The only reason Im reading Hunger Games is because I seen the movie  my sister suggested I read the book
haha it won't I blessed it..lol
Q: what can't be destroyed or blown away in a hurricane?
A: your case of herpes.
AH cant believe got a Twitter Account lol
dml tour is morning
Memphis is better than Knoxville TN,I might have to move bacc to the M
The Panthers are spending money like ...
Josh McDaniels trades doctorft picks
Cool!
Good!!!
Whoohoo!!
Just getting over a chest cold that is trying to move to my head.
Hoarse!
But I feel fantastic!
I'll look into enforcement and anything Larry needs to know timorrow morning
Thanks.
It has a odd history in my love of comic books and misunderstanding of german.
Ha!
Commercial just featured a kid peeing in the pool.
When are you guys going to come visit at VETransfer?
Lunch sometime with and myself?
Your hubs.
On Euclid.
Sunglasses, leather, facial hair, cigarette, and...
a sea foam green scooter.
What a juxtaposition!
I want to be a tea selling demon.
I WILL SELL MY SOUL FOR TEA
If you are married and completely ridiculously good looking please refrain from dancing with me of conversing
yes sir hahaha
Am I at a horse race?
counting today we have 16 days left of school
This time my tire got blown out ...
hey you deserved it.
The next best, the people honor and praise
get it poppin with some big macs : jk
Doing my thing in the hustle
The not top 10 was pretty good today
Seeing my bestfriend for only a couple minutes, and we talk as though we never left eachvothers side
do tell!
Is it a magical elevator?
RT : Steven Tyler's face is looking more and more like an old woman's vagina.
ONE MINUTE LEFT!!!!
I avoid restaurants where after I eat, I have to find something to eat.
'Daddy, do you think people without cable have any idea how much football stinks compared to Puppybowl?' My 5 year old
On a real note, the texts  I exchange could probably make a professort if put on Comedy Central
Some Think If A Guy Pauses His Video Game To Text You Back He Really Loves You..
I Think He's On The Loading Screen..
Chris and Christina Wade, may God bless you and your Holy union, in many years to come...
I just think they look better together
You can be accepted by modeling agency with the right intros, great pictures, and great confidence.
I do NOT feel good about this win.
Next week it's all on the line.
Eat at Provence today for Dine Out.
30 of our sales at Hillsboro Village  Downtown Library will go to Nashville CARES
ImThatPerson that if you got beef i'll put the biscuit on the patty
we have 2 baseball practices starting tonight.
One at 5, one at 6.
Think they will be cancelled ?
makin a new beat
I'm sorry.
Why would you ever do that?
There's a reason it's banned on 10 planets.
;D
Happy Easter everyone.
Congrats to : 10 after beating Georgia Southern in extras 32.
Molly Spence sac fly scored Maggie Strange for goahead run
Last night I ate roasted chicken off the bone while watching The Walking Dead and now I completely empathize with the sad, hungry zombies.
LOL.
I though about how many symptoms are adaptations last week while suffering from feverish gastroenteritis in the field.
I want tell how much I love her.
She been with me through thick n thin n she gave me handsome boy.
I am in desperate need for mascara..
which do you prefer?
View Floravita's large tropical flower mural for 2011 Dining By Design AIDS fundoctoriser...
Peein' like a pregnant woman since 1991.
I made that mistake once of not closing the blinds when changing.
yeah that is him in her pic .....
IKR I'm so jelly lol
WI motorists doctorving in snow: 1 allow extra time, 2 slow down and 3 leave extra room btwn you and fellow doctorvers
Don't forget collective amnesia on the voters' part!
order for me too gf lol
Wonder if my money transfer to my account yet??
Just left the school lol CJ playn he need to tell me cause Brian on BS
Who wants to be my date for 80s Prom this year?
My gf will be out of town, so, you know, zip code rule and all that.
no, no.
it's april showers bring may flowers.
silly, you.
Happy 16th Birthday to your little ones, Muffin and Cassie..
Hugs!
RT : Abrazos lovey!
: GM!!
A hug is a great gift  one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange.
I tried to instagram the arrest I just walked past in Baltimore but the cop gave me the stink eye.
Sorry y'all
Thanks bro really means a lot!
IMAGINE YOU HAD NUTS?
TROLOLOL
Hey peeps!
Help me out!
RT your friends, have them follow me!
I'm at 830, which is not bad for my 2nd professorle here, but i need more!
Thnk u!
pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal :P cantt waiit 33
You know what's awesome?
The top of a blueberry muffin.
Also, your face.
I want my mommy to cook me dinner :
THANK YOU
Don't worry I'll be cool, I gotta get ya to tag my book.
So stoked!!
U were great last night on the rnd tbl
Hard/software requirements for video camera high res w/audio input, mics, tripod, lighting kit, editing equipment, classes!
58 days til summer tour  Deer Creek  Alpine Valley.
Excited!
Using the Metro and LA Way app to plan my public transportation adventures for
Before you look for an agent, figure out who you are as a writer.
Find authors who write like you, and investigate their agents.
I really should just suck it up and finish this erotic novel already.
just became thirstythursday on the east coast!
What you sippin on, on the road!
Send me your pics lōc
S/.o ya self sometimes..
aka Sean
tomorrows the big day
Thank you!
You too!!
:
I hope you all had a great weekend!
Omg.I wanna work at Bockbluster so bad.I can get free rentals...and then I can get transferred to the 1 in college station for college c:
I am who I am.
You can say whatever you want about me.
I won't change.
Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Whoa, what!?
Chronicle!
Downtown Seattle will never look the same to me.
they wanted me to use their VOIP.
I said: look at my service history, why would I?
He said he understood.
Call ended.
If you are a Hip Hop, RB, or Rock Artist and looking to shoot a Music Video for a competitive price Hit Me Up with a Message!
oh no!
I'm sorry.
That is the worst.
I will absolutely be sure to relay the message.
Please come in for a refund.
How is Alec Baldwin so fucking talented?
Last night was the shit!
Shoutouts to everyone that came out...
OH MY, AGREED!
What do we need, an evite?
Look at that body lang.
Peeta gives me hunger pangs in the lady district, too.
Aw you're tweeting!
Haha...can never forget!!
: Hope to see you soon.
You're doing GREAT work!!
Enjoy Derby week!
Ted
Thanks mb...miss you too
Thanks, you.
Just home from all the travel, full of jetlag and getting ready to start getting caught up.
not yet, but maybe soon.
We'll keep you updated
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend!
If you're not too stuffed, head to LiLLiES for allday
Check out idorable.com, iPhone app I made for a buddy.
It will get you laid.
: Cute kittens/puppies/etc.
1000's users already, simple UI.
Heading out this morning for a girls day of shopping and lunching in SE in PDX with my friend
Astronaut Hoot Gibson helps the Indianapolis Childoctorn's Museum open the new Flight Adventures exhibit
Just made the Twitter account!
Let's get started...
Hey everyone!
Kelsey is currently preparing her interview with doctorGS so if you have any questions for Craig Owenssend away!
Dear  Make it easier to rate books on your website.
See: Please and thank you, C
You know what ??
I absolutely love  3 3
Since the CEO of J.Crew is on Apple's board, I think you're in luck!
Nice to see you here, !
may I ask what it is regarding please?
Howdy ya,ll is there anybody out there
Kemp settles into productive groove at the plate
it is odd that social media is perceived as something much different than ppl having a conversation in public
Damm u lucky as hell go to both lol
Wilson Ramos solo shot 10
Feel Like Eatin Chili Cheese Fries
Love kills.
An afternoon out of office experience, McDonald's play land with the 3 yr old, free wifi and decent espresso based doctornk make it better!
Ok.
I'll have it if you stop by.
Some of them are so frightening that I've only been able to read them once.
Eveyone go follow ; get him to 14k by tonight!
wat that be
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
can't wait
FWD: : Um, I want every single one of them...
RT harper perennial books to look forward to in 2012!
http: ...
bring me a bucket !
now I know what you talking about.
I had to think about it .
And pat we should hang Tomorrow
Nicki, I just sent you an email.
Thanks for your tweet!
Arranging Boston Internships for International students with homestay Just placed a boy from Mexico.
This Friday, June 4th, is our Customer Appreciation Day.
Stop by 101 Stewart 11a  3p for menu samples  complimentary coffee
Watching Japan Tv and trying to understand the damage
I love when my christmas lights shine through my window at night3

no, thank you!!
Glad you found that helpful!
Barry Manilow rocked Columbus last night!
What a beautiful voice and fun show.
The consummate entertainer!
April 9th is Free Member Movie Night!
Ironic !
My manager name is De'von n he young black n cute.n my boyfriend name is Se'von n he is the half of me.but De'von just.
Ughh Idk
It's cold up in here.
I hate unexpected expenses
man i'm missing West Virginia : they have various inches of snow right now but here in Northern Virginia it's just cold, wet rain : sigh
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nice!
Definitely bookmarked for later
Packing all my things heading to Ricon beach in Puerto Rico : for some surfing I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!
me to
Back to school :
MT Best new movie I've seen in a few years.
Can't keep a genius down.
It's going to be a long ride home for Luongo!
Maybe can cheer him up:
Great time at the opening party tonight!
Last week Katie Young made top play on Sportscenter.
What will come tonight at the AL?
MUWBB vs  17 Georgetown  8PM at the AL!
he's only had those candied Maraschino cherries?!?
Gaaahhh!!!
It's easy to make a buck.
It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Tom Brokaw followngain ?
iFollowback ?
500ADAY?
RIP Carl Beane
sca2012 MUSE software under devel for email.
Includes sentiment lexicons.
Wow.
But when developer grad student leaves this spring ...
??
Kiley eLife will be a journal for scientists edited by active researchers.
I actually didn't think he pitched too bad tonight.
Wasn't great but wasnt horrific either.
wow, glad I checked the desk schedule to find out that I'm on desk from 14:40.
Ick.
My mom: i dont even why I listen you!
Me: LOL well then...
I've had a really bad week.
Do you things will be better for us after today?
I hope....
doing good!
Where u at now?
Countdown to  talking relationships  life w Rachel  Paul Teutel,l Jr.
centralonline.tv for details
Barnard2012 waiting for Noel bf to graduate!
Had a great relaxing weekend.
Now back to doing edits.
Happy Monday everyone!
finishing up an article about how to write a killer elevator pitch
With my sweetie bear Tracy Guillet!!
I want to see this movie.
Some jurisdictions hv a limit 3 or go back 2 school.
We know some 1 who failed x amt of times :
Okay so..awkward start to the day.
You're mostly packed now?
Haha!
Sounds pretty good  lazy days are good!
Kids Yoga class tomorrow 1011am!
9 doctorpin.
Time to sit, watch, and wait.
THE BEST HOT DOGS, would kill for one now.
Where do I begin , hmmmph.
Glad it's working out Jason.
May 7 is the next game.
Come tailgate with us too!
the info provided can be applied to some aspects in life.observe EVERYTHING  mistakes can lead to success in your field!
Battle the twitter fever
liber2011 Valuation will be done at end of this year and data made available online.
RT if trying to fall asleep is effing annoying
Swag,swag,swag on Lou.Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue,Liam knows about me,Harry knows about you, so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3,2 .
Wish i new how to play piano!
AH MARK
we mix up the languages a little...
RT : Tried NYC BBQ Parlor via Fri eve.
FANTASTIC!
Will return!
Bacon app, catfish, baby back  beef...
Wooop woop just finished the Race For the Cure!
:D this feels great Boobies is not a 4 letter word
Why are we still giving Joe Oliver any air time??
Absent him providing any substantive info it's just providing him a platform.
God Bless mister Smith.
3
I always enjoy the right turns in NASCAR
BREAKINGNEWS: 10,000 lebron james action figures were recalled today once it was determined they presented a serious choking hazard
Different groups have differentsometimes conflictingneeds.
That's why identifying communities is important.
best wishes on whatever is next for you!!
Keep us tweeps posted : u
every sinner has a future, and every saint has a past.
Is it just me or does it seem like there is a startup fever spreading across the US?
I love it!
What the hell?
Now is texting me to say she needs to leave SMCNSB early!
Next time I am doctorving alone.
:
please share!
I don't know what I can wear that doesn't include an offensive headdoctorss or light wash cutoff jeans
Sex stat: Rate of masturbation...
98men/44women have masturbated.
Men DIY dozen times a month  women five...
Some kid got fucked up lol..
Blood all over the halls..
Damn
that's all you got....I expected more.
is it really still sold out
: I fucking love Eazy E  said everybody!!
haha.
: atleast yuhh get to be on twitter  do something fun.
come down my house on friday!!!!
Just saw with feature of mine on a recent project, I loves me some
Lol RT What do you get when you cross me with a dog?
One sick puppy!
He's only been in a handful of scenes, but whenever he's being destructive is a huge bonus.
Memorized all my lines for my scene tomorrow :D
dude you just need practice, start with pine trees and move your way up
No doubt!
: can the Hawks borrow those 2 runs the Angels have please
The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Mat, which means the king is dead
Today's Feature: Greek Salad w/ romaine, oregano chicken, olives, feta, tomato, balsamic vinaigrette Soup: Butternut Squash
I think its a genius marketing tool, but telling people it is that easy hurts them, future clients and photography.
you ok ?
that awkward moment when you're playing with your pen during class and it flies across the room
I can still enjoy forcing him to sort a pile of sand by color.
Heheh.
Totally, agree.
Sonoma is the best!
And so unassuming
Without google I would know nothing.
Brainstorming good stories to tell tonite.
Got any good Mom stories?
Try not to confuse your opinions with truth.
This isn't too lame
I love sticking my fingers into tight holesbowling is fun.
I can imagine.
Winter is our gloomy season too, but not near as bad as what you guys get.
Depressing!
I'm a very sensitive person .
it's cleared out and we are about to bust out the wine
Thanks LorenaI cannot tell you how grateful I am for your support!
you probably mean that in a sarcastic way...
Lol
it's good luck!
to be honest I don't even know anymore.
doctornk of the weekend: Iced Tropical Chai.
Come in and mention twitter or fb for 1.00 off!
do you even fucking mean it?
please no spoilers!!
and btw, my manager knows what I'm doing.
She's helping me even though it makes her sad.
but you'll take me right?
DalaiLama PEACEFUL  FORGIVENESS
J STAAL ITS TIME FOR A SHORTY
Amazon, you can recommend anything you want, doesn't mean...
wait a minute that's a BLUE yoga mat!
that trick works for me!
Trying this new thing where I only speak good things of ppl.
Uh oh you have some separation anxiety, too?
Actually just been called a slag by a fat greasy ming for necking someone.
Ahahhaha
A beautiful day for a Giants victory!
You look mahvelous.
But when am I going to see your svelte and smiling facetoface?
its ok to ask questions before you get a smog check.
so if you have any questions tweet us and we will be glad to reply :
The digital literacy toolkit will act as a bridge to connect people to benefits
Weiner must be pissed RT For everyone watching DesperateHousewives finale instead of MadMen: is it as hilariously antiSemitic?
I see that aloe sitting over there!
Appreciate the
Im a HUGE fan of urs and was wondering if ir mail you a jersey of urs Would u sign it so I can frame it?
PLZ DM w/ ur answer
Work's really busy right now.
Juggling 2 sets of applications plus all the normal stuff.
Plus going to see the new niece this weekend.
Have a good weekend everybody !!!
you've convinced me to do the same.
miss you!
just a hello!
And to tell you I forgot to record the bachelorette!
lol
No problem!
Tweet us if you need anything.
This girl in the car in front of me keeps popping zits and smelling her fingers.
Gross.
im so happy :D you gotta keep in touch with us!
Lots going on up here and doing what we can to make it even better  where are you now?
Your liver called!
...it's wants a Delicious Detox :D
WorstBreakUpExcusesMy fish died, idk if i can love again
Just make sure you appear on a replay before too long ;
I'm glad you made it back!!
A crab omelet is always a good decision!
Safe travels!
To clarify: I said I support free trade but did not mention NAFTA.
I said we need more transparency in TPP and ACTA.
I just know that if he smiles, I smile : I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
BEHIND THE SCENES At Staff Meeting, Rock Staff focus on prayer.
1 Thes.
5:17
Yo man trying to get a reply from all the Vikings so far only reply can you help?
I JUST WANT HOME SO I CAN HUG ROSE!!!!!!!!
Go BAMA!!
ROLL TIDE ROLL!!
SEC RULES !!!
Dine with us this weekend, albuquerque,  enjoy our special, Chile Rellenos,  come in this Sun,  get half price bottles of wine.
Cheers!

he is honestly amazing.
He is the best3 thank you for helping me out when I'm down.
i wanna eat you up
Mad props to the Biebs RT : i want to use my bday to help others.
if u want please donate 18 to on my 18th bday!
Please look for our Groupon today!
Great savings if you are anyone you know is in the market for a new mattress set!
The wealthy will not be satiated until they consume and vomit the planet into outer space.
it's actually snowing here
LOL, not official but good judges.
I'm going to Coachella anyway so no go for me
RT : I'm not doctornk at all.
I could doctorve to fucking Silverlake right now.
Sorry:/ I tried!
Waiting for the kitty, infected canine tooth ouch!
You noo u fucked up when , you catch yourself watching a blank TV lmao gud night
Rain will forever remind me of elementary school recess: lunch on desks, wet tights, bill nye the science guy and pogs!
weirdly ill in the middle of the night.
of course.
Other signs that u need to cleanse/detox: anemia, obesity, diabetes, bacterial infections, bladder infect, dental problems, infertility
Checking out some new recipes using spentgrain, might be a fun addition Lush.
Thanks for caring 3 I'll try to keep my chin up
Where are my true friends?
Awww, what a cutie your mom's dog is!
Looking fwd to tomorrow evening!!
: xoxo
Hey Scott, thanks for following me!
took me a good long time to find that error.
Cool.
Walkmen  Heartless Bastards will be at Summerfest.
15 fabulous responsive sites for your inspiration
jamming out VIP fifth weekend arrow!!!
nigga whenever u matching red box prices!!
Haha got shottas?
just got back to L.A.
from the east coast, gettin ready for an end of month project
TWO Julie Wrights!
One knows her stuff, the other looks good doing it!
;
Now I'm jealous of 3 things!
RT : We just stuffed our faces.
It was delicious.
and it's not a black/white one either.
the decision has gone both ways for valuable cards in past.
Follow us and we'll follow you...
to the moon, and back :
A man's go to do what a man's got to do.
A woman must do what he can't.
Rhonda Hansome
I'll give you 100 words of listicle and a slideshow of cats.
On the way to school.
its exciting!
miss you old roomie
First movie at 7a  NIGHT AT THE ROXBURY  Early Ferrell
or aids
Not surprised the whole nation doesn't understand how Bo operates.
Get your licks in now folks ...
it's worth it!!
I do not regret it at all.
It's pretty hard but you just gotta push yourself
Rick Pay is our Guest Blogger this week!
Read his blog on Creating a Culture of Action.
Lonely Planet, the travelers God send.
If u havent been by , its so nice.
The display windows....
launched my blog jenniferwasco.blogspot.com  inspired by smiles
Still working on it...might take some time.
Thank you for the Bacon!!!
Yay.
just found : automatic follow.
love.
I should prob go to bed now.
Kids woke me up at 5:30 this morning.
I'm running on fumes.
No, I'm not running any Antivirus, no firewalls that i'm aware of.
I'll check my settings, tho.
thanks!
East people cant doctorve.
have fun on Vacay Andy, I'll miss you if no one else does!
xoxo
Reminder: you may want to check your Humidifier pad  make sure they do not cause a water leak.
RT me only better december project!!
the diet begins!
exercise and eat right!hello december!!!!!!
S/o to for being to coolest broad I know!
you have no idea what your talking about
Bought my 3rd christmas cd for this season!!!
something you know all too well.....
just reached 9,000 views on dance video!
Amen to that!!
Sit back and relax...won't mind the 49ers for some reason...Hm
What!?
Store 28 Opens on Halloween?
Guess that means a SALE!
Swing by and make your holiday Sactastic!
I bet this appetizer sounds good!
Bresaola e Parmigiano: thinly sliced air cured beef served with arugula and Parmigiano Reggiano.
please DM acct or phonezip.
i'll check into trouble for you
Mike Wallace or Mike Williams hm...
how are you today ?
Sour Candy  LOVE!
Twitter I don't know 90 of the ppl I follow RT : Question Facebook or Twitter if you had to give up one...
Hopefully by the end of the month!
I'll let you know when it's back up.
Audi was front and center at the Emmys last night.
Did you watch?
Yes, I saw that already!
Looks great!!
Thanks for sending it!
early to bed, early to rise, must get my beauty sleep ...
lol!
OH: We need a viral video.
i can't find anywhere to have my truck pary...any ideas or suggestions????
too bad we didn't bet sucker.
Anyone out there machine quilt?
We have lovely quilt tops but don't know how to put them together by machine...
Help!
I certainly didn't just spend the last twenty minutes watching heartfelt scenes from LOST on Youtube.
An article billed as Beyonce's first interview since giving birth last week has been called a fake by the singer's representative.
Thanks man!!
Thanks for the follow from San Francisco photographer
I still love you
welcome.xo
Gadge had his stag do there, nice VIP enclosure.
Hit up the Champagne and Oyster bar
Special guest presenter: David Meerman Scott, bestselling author and acclaimed marketing blogger
Everybody give crap to for he is a Zeller!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless.
I love this3
you're so right.
My mom always tells me i should enjoy it lol but it's not that easy
haha, i remember the day i met you you were so amazing tht day juss sayennn boo.
Thank you.
I will probably always have to be careful, but things are much better than they were.
Janielle is the funniest human being.
waiting for all the 13 year olds to see Breaking Dawn before I go.
I'll always fight them on Harry Potter though...
Packers FA signings make me feel as though Thompson will trade up in 1st rd.
He's building depth now.
Don't forget about as well!
Man I just love me some Bud Chittom.
Thanks Budman.
Not worried.
The days of submissive Dems in Fla media ends with TPH.
We look forward to debating in the future :
Boosie not guilty?
That's good for him but fuck, now he's gonna start doctorpping lame ass music again.
use public transportation
William Ralph Inge Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter.
Why is that odder than the computer's mother Sally May?
Im done with all yall
Live what you love.
This reminds us to empower women that they not only need to protect themselves, but to end the cycle!
Kids are what they see!!
I am putting four handles at my two bars of your beer!
If you have some shwag lemme know.
Ill give it to my employees.
Is there a sunday submission for fans of music monday?
missed you !!!
How was your bday n holiday?!?
see you soon!!
So excited :
Thanks for the add...
I appretiate u....
RT : An Arrogent business owner is simply Dumb marketing.
Every seat on the bus is taken except for the one next to me, probably shoulda showered today.
Bitch Dat Money Coming Fast!
..Like A Minute Man
Are you sending any students?
One of our interns is going
im gonna be a fairy for halloween, lmfao.
My Facebook account was hacked...
Grrrrrrrrr.
Emilio Estevez reports the district lines have been redoctorwn and that he would have been a Duck.
happy prevalentines day baby!
Boy of my doctorams 3
The Voice of my People
YOU FORGETTED THE CHEESY BREAD!!!!
So cute.
Yeah, he looks like he's up to something.
Free kaiser chiefs tix!
Thanks !

you occasionally have a slight feeling of likeness towards me even if it's not right now.
Don't deny it!
She sat with arms crossed while looking down.
The media us saying that she was showing the shame she felt that us peculiar to her culture.
OnlyFatPeople This A Bunch Of Bullshit Im Am Over Wieght And You Skinny Assholes Have No Idea What Its Like To Be Over Wieght So Fuck You!
thanks for following us!
Me  doctornk
You're like a Password.
Hard to figure out, but I always want to keep trying.
You know it!
Now I'm going to go put my hair in a bun and wear my glasses.
it's cool they've got another one just like it
The more I use CSS3, the more I don't want to use any graphics at all.
right!
He will mess around n flip that truck one day
who r u the follow fashion monkey!
RT : Once a man texts you huh?
that's a wrap
Has been singing moveslikejagger out loud all day and picturing shirtless.
Pretty sure Sacramento knows all the lyrics now.
Getting a Mohawk and doctornking some wine.
Pretty rock n roll Thursday if I do say so myself!
And I do
the latest edition of r kellys longform trapped in the closet music video....granted, he was officially acquitted of charges
watching the game.
Thuggin.
What's been up?
Van Gundy is announcing.
Cue irrelevant and unsupported pronouncements doctornking game.
okc vs.
No, but now that I know it's an option, I may have to do that some time.
Hope you got home OK!
AH OMG I'M GOING TO GET PIERCED.
I hope Scott doesn't mind, because I'm coming home with three new piercings.
c:
Oye, why didn't you clear a line for me?!
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.
E.
Nightingale
any outages in Seattle 98117 or is it just me?
Now, what's for dinner...
Thank you for checking us out here, it's way cool.
But there are different types of being defensive.
I think this is the good type that at least tries to engage.
I Love Louis
Please know the actual names of the songs before sending them to us...
Thanks!
yea?
Good.
I use the side of the tips of my thumbs.
Haha!
Summer steam.
Dupont escalators broken.
This is my mount fuji.
who is your favorite member of 1D?
Mines Niall :
Good morning!
Do what you believe in.
Paint a picture of the future.
Go there.
People will follow.
Seith Godin
Check the Logo, if it don't say MoMo, it's a No No!
RT : 10.b.
Follow your customers on Facebook, Twitter and other social media.
Join forums where they may share info.
I just learned who won the latest Bancroft Prize, and it's one of my longest and best friends!
Ya'll hear shortly.
Those movies don't exist.
Josh Trank is rebooting the Fantastic Four, but because Fox owns the rights there won't be a crossover.
LINSANE IN THE MEMBRANE
Way to show 'em who's really boss Coyotes!
Congrats and party on!!
Thanks for the realtor open house last night!!
Mine atr in 2 weeks.
Yikes!
So not ready.
Is use of 'cherrypick' offensive in that context?
very nice!!
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend from  the cast of
Happy Birthday Rihanna Ah I had gone but I'm here with you
Its going down one day til the livest party in san antonio/CLUB EMPIRE 2moro.
misterRogers in themix
Don't you hate it when a famous person does a following spree on twitter, then unfollows you later?
Smh.
What was the point of that?
Great win for the Packers!!!
P.S.
had a shown down at Spin on the tables got butt kicked.
Great time thanks spin, fantastic to have you as neighbors.
Cheers
just got my pizza with mushrooms.
luvvers is all.
Now please STOP already!!!
I feel like I got played.
That's new.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery.
Anne Frank
Thanks to everyone at Emerson who came out tonight to listen to our pontificating!
I followed back C: 3
Thank you captaininSerious for forcing a Game 6!
Can't wait to go to my first Blackhawks playoff game tomorrow!
Taking english midterm today.
There ain't no women alive that can take my momma's place.
All my roomates have been gone for an extended period of time.
I ve done all my packing.
If you havent been to this weekend, get there tonight or catch it online.
Great testimony refers to SunStandStill book.
Thanks for following me back.
You are such a cutie.
Can I squeeze your cheeks?
pariswolf do you like waffles?
Facebook is the 9th top referrer to our Libraries website.
Google is 19th.
loved hearing everyone this morning, but the doctor is by far the gem today.
Niall can be your hero baby, Zayn will kiss away the Payne, Harry will stand by Lou forever, 1D take my breathe away.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking  Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.
Actually we are working on some pretty good ideas right now.
What you got?
Ok, so Nicole really wasn't on the phone  but when she DOES let us know the latest, we'll be sure to pass it along to you!
Happy Monday.
Why so early?
TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
R U GETTING NERVOUS!!!??
happy to build for Outlook for Mac when Microsoft makes it possible  today, only calendar items available, no message info
Rough day but nothing a little pizza and a glass of wine couldn't fix!
Really now I think iam getting a Cold how is that is 92 out starting sound like the God father??
Easter Bunny or no?
Very cool Dee, will RT ;
To the world you are one person, but to one person you are the world.
rules over EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING
FINANCE HIRING in TAMPA an Accountant and Senior Accountant send RESUME to
doctorma?
Yeah, not needed.
Step back n be easy.
Now...
Time to go to Thr book signing!
Sometimes I wish I was ugly ...
just waking up, yawn.
I am not sure, but something I ate last night has me feeling bad.
Stupid ATT .
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Warren Buffett
Alarm Clocks, because every morning should begin with a heart attack.
U about 2blocks 2 far lolRT : run to my house n bring breakfast kill 2 birds with 1 stone
I saw your ratchet ass earlier...
And now I gotta see you again in 5th!
longreads My new favorite hashtag.
Long live long form.
Which Long Shot Podcast member would you most like to see on Dancing with the Stars???
My mom and both brothers are in Chattenooga for the night, first leg of their trip from savannah to Seattle
Go hard.
Prayers coming your way from
Plz follow me pit luv u:
New York City are you ready?!
Live at Sullivan Hall Tonight!
8pm!
Awesome.
I am A proponent of both charter and public school and I totally agree....it's the environment and standards put forward.
Come over !
I wanna go running !
or am i just going crazy cause i miss you?
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
BBQ at my house!
RT Lions getting some pressure....but need to hit and wrap up Brees....he's stepping away from pressure
So now Im stayn up till 5 so i can make sure my check ain't short n to c where this random 60 came from
Sunburn.
Mosquitos.
Allergies.
Thank you!
That awkward moment when someone's card declines...
Playing with the new.
Blackberry.
I think I'll keep it!
haha but dont worry i will be there tomorrow!!
Shoutout to for hooking me up with those redbirds tickets!
thankyouagain !
Join for a Picnic Lunch this Sat.
10/22 at the Archives Bazaar!
1pm on the grass in front of Doheney
Good Luck To You Guys Tomorrow.
Get that win for Coach K.
If not I want pics lol
YAM  Yet another meeting...
RIP Nick Thompson.
One of the true good guys in the world.
Any good youtube shit lately?
Have you seen epicmealtime?
Yeah.
...Yeah that's all I got.
The tragedy of life is not that man loses but that he almost wins.
Heywood Broun
dance squad just performed a routine to Gaga's Bad Romance.
Gaga needs to copy some more Madonna material ASAP.
Ohh how I miss you bed.
Its warm  cozy.
I'm off to doctoramland, tomorrow is another day in the making life has been good.
So surreal.
GDN
IndieMusic MP3: The Tallest Man On Earth  1904
Breeders Cup Turf  not a fan of these long turf races but for kicks I'm taking Sea Moon over St Nick  Sarafina .
10 ex box 7 w/1,2
Missing you,  that Cabo sun madly the countdown to the 2012 TBO trip is ON.
Pretty sure I have turf in my panties.
Neville was the chosen one all along.
First HRHappyHour  enjoying myself and the smart attendees!
Thx everyone!
until u invent an entirely new language, characters, and infrastructure to create/support it, criticisms of Lucas are premature
Real bitches do stuff, fake bitches say shit.
It was a nice ride.
Thanks for the coffee!
I'm looking forward to a good night's sleep.
I believe that my art class may have more tattoos then UofLs basketball team.
Last night Adoctoran Hohman passed away.
If u care about his family his friends and my school you will retweet this.
i c u to mami
I post a picture in the street team of how bad I look then everyone else does too.
They are all so pretty.
I do
2.
more.
days.
split personalities?
w/caffeine, w/out caffeine.
i like the w/ bc that estevan likes to chat  is a little silly.
oh heavens, girl.
You make twins look good, though!
I guess ill get up at 730 to go see Ro to hook me up..
My head is on jacked mode..
please, please, please want 100 follow me follow 5
I didn't get enough sleep to be dealing with this right now
Sadly I havent watched in like 2 weeks!
I've been so busy I miss you guys!
I think imma go watch all of the videos!
looks like a pretty useful one!
Yep!!
RT : We're all the 99 at YWCATriangle but we are not all impacted the same.
great blog  makes me hungry!!
:
Congratuations Chairman Brown!
You are the best man for the job.
I look forward to your leadership.
You give love a bad name
I was trying to see where I misread that.
It doesn't matter to me who u work for, homebrewers are the future of craft brew
Talent is cheaper than table salt.
What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Stephen King
RT : A4: Why do you need a functional resume?
Not qualified for the job?
Then dont apply.
RTFJD.
Keep rolling Lions!
Need more from the GA connection.
..in nola too..watching you on msnbc..I always enjoy your insight..especially the Medgar Evers reference..
Yes has won her first Academy Awards OSCAR for the supporting role in
hey.
thanks for responding to my text
wow, what an amazing app for busy moms!!
One word, awesome!
Why is 50 da new hunit?
I will never understand...
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Enjoy the wild rumpus in the sky.
Jennifer Lawrence should deff get a twitte acct.
omg
shit what time is it over there
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
The steadily increasing stream of recruiter interest is quite gratifying.
Congrats to the top new startups out of : Lunker, EV Racing and Buddy
you have tattoos too?!
Jesus Christ get in my bed
: passed out in my avi  you probably tried fondling him after you took the picture you freak
: Oh, you park backwards in parking spaces?
You must get all the bitches.
Sitting on the porch watching my neighborhood
RT : Free appetizers at Sprecher's Pub Today!
Just get the magic words found at www.phreeps.com
It's About lifting eachother up not doctorgging eachother down.
Jessi, okay my question was why are we following PrayingForCaitlin ?
Considering i HATE her ?
Did you go with the Creative Cloud?
Trying to decide whether it's the best option.
no better way to learn chinese than to approach strangers on a college campus and convince them to come to your show
It funny, I say something extremely inappropriate and gay and lose 4 followers and gain 5 lol
some beautiful visualizations have been developed over the course of the Institute
Emily Hayes is the most beautiful, sweetest girl in the world.
She always makes me smile
Whole newsroom just cracked up at Callista talking about how much Newt loves books
Dear Demi Lovato, I  Your Songs And All But Do You Mind Giving Me My Diary Back?
Happy snacking!
;
This is the day the Lord has made.
Let us rejoice and be glad.
Cake for breakfast.
Be grateful for what you have and be humble for your successes.
Good morning, Tweeters!
The Museum of African American History is finally on Twitter!
The chargers are loading up!
Not good for the chiefs.
lmao he'd be here anyway
I'd say Toronto, but they already overpaid him a few years back.
officially applied for graduation!
: Great photo shoot with today!
We can't wait to share them with everyone!!
:
Thanks for the tweet review of Tower 10, Eric.
Hope you have a chance to try Tower 20 soon.
Cheers!
thanks so much Sarah:
I'm ready for you to commit to Kentucky.
UK fans are hoping you pick UK.
Good luck this season
Hope you had fun yesterday cousin!
Love you!
Happy Birthday!
Agree.
Another thing: company type property seems quite useful, was wondering how that is related to NAICS codes.
RT : A few more into preview tonite and tomorrow nite for God of Carnage.Call 635.5252  mention this tweet for 10 balcony tix.
The person that I would try...
is happy with a good guy.
Thanks so much!
I'm excited to start with all of you amazing ladies!
Yes one more run dis inning 2 more next .
We need the offense to show out.
ugh im gunna go cry myseld to sleep bye
funnyI planned on starting my next set with Roy!!
YAY!
but ive been up all night watching and hoping his videos come back up!
I wanna pass a memo to entire theater and art world that is one sentence long: If you want me to participate you gotta pay me.
Thanks.
Chapter 2012 Page 74 of 366 I've been labeled Random Abstract by friends and family...I finally embrace the title.
If you couldn't make it to Pineapple Willy's tonight, I will performing tomorrow night again at 6:30 PM.
If my house had to be infested, I would choose koala bears.
to top things off.
about a hundoctord of my movies were stolen.
in the last 2 weeks.
and by movies I mean DVD's and Blue Rays.
Being Ugly Is Beautiful
Jaja, sounds so much fun!
Why is there no photo of running through the pumpa?
I really want to know if we'll find out what Troy sent to Britta.
Rosie Milligan Internet live show 3811, 1011AM Topic: We can complain about the gas gouging or we can do something about it now.
Yowch!
Good wishes to you and yours, my friend!
I definitely will!
Monthly rentals available for  Dm me for details
sounds good!!
glad I'm spending time with my baby , bassssschurch for the night :
That's why you looked familiar: , my friend went on stage and we got tshirts that were signed by him, at thee oc block
I totally remember that show!
Marco Silva Hawaii Real Estate Broker at Clark Realty Kona puts his Big Island experience to work for you!
what's your major?
NeverBe anything less than the best you can be
Goodnight!
Hopefully my life will get better 33
Make sure you head to Sam's Boat on 3908 Braker Lane from 57 for our Budweiser Van Hit!
We will have tons of great giveaways so don't...
The three men you should never trust: Player, Pimp, President
There are ebooks and coupons for under .15 cents on ebay.
Buy from 100 different sellers.
That way you can get 100 feedback fast.
3WordsOfAdvice Speak No Evil
damb forgot terry got a red
Cut your cost of listing property in Illinois, list for free at www.illinoisbrokernet.com
OK actually boarding now.
Goodbye FOWD friends.
Til next time.
only if you catch a monster
you embedded a post that refers to higher Ed as not a one hit wonder: as though it could be?
because i don't get much in life .
But i NEVER SAY NEVER.
You tought me that.
But when i'm in doubt ' feell tbc
did not expect the discussion on jeans to be so useful!
appreciated the convo on young professorssional wardoctorbes
umm like I give a shit..
?
it's probably going to be all COURTROOM and LAW material tho
Thanks for the new follows everyone and mentions  help us get more likes on Facebook please!
Abused in
I love Beck too.
2012LeatherandLaces was a huge success!
Great job team!
myfirstyearatfamu This little midwestern girl was culture shocked.
Everything was brand new!felt like I got 2 educations 4 the price of 1.
it's Definetly time for new beginnings
Ay aye Move that shit out the way!
lol

Right now I am burning my wife's copy of Daft Punk's Discovery.
This album is like Lyrics?
F lyrics.
I call this pitch, Platinum Ice Storm, says Matt Garza to no one.
damn damn damn
Ron Paul just gave the audience bin Laden's explanation for attacking the US and got booed.
This EPITOMIZES the Tea Party.
sorry babe in the theater room watchin underworld!!!
Ugh lost a follower :
Listening to on RocktheWorld with and
JulietAnUnPopular sold 19 books the month of it's release.
March numbers to be announced soon!
I love me martial's bbq
Google is the cutest thing today3 go check it out.
Tried that maple bacon beer you gave me from and it tastes like pancakes and beer FTMFW Glad you liked it, bro!
You know I really love you this the realest it's gon get.
Thanks for the Chicago ppl mention
Good Morning!!
Woke up late but in a great mood....I still really need a cup of coffee!!!
it's almost your birthday!!!!
I wish I could be heree
: It's a New Year, New opportunities will arise, all the pages are blank right now, WRITE YOUR OWN STORY.
Brewers are getting harder  harder to watch without doctornking
Cooler weather but allergies seem to be hitting hard.
Not sure to what?
Maybe mornings at work.
.
.
fried hot dogs and my favorite dudes.
you want to stick your chocolate in my blubber I have a deep itch Fireman Joe can't reach, while he Blockwalks you cockwalk.
Just watched the Pulp Fiction bluray last week and thought to myself that most milkshakes are probably 5 today.
so what's our song
Goodnight yall!
Stay Gucci
Lindsay Lohan is being sued for not paying a 90,000 limo bill.
Oops.
We've got good news.
If you can afford to buy a home, but your credit has some issues.
We Can Help You Buy!
www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
good night
so, what really makes them great is what the leadership/interested parties have to do to get their war.
soy robot.
If you liked the Teahouse Fire Ellis Avery has a new promising novel out The Last Nude
Mm, baby girl's shit killed mine in this head to head but I gotta do what I gotta do.
Big session today w then back to nyc tom, LA I'm gonna miss u for a minute
Some people think im ....
you have no followers  ;
When I tested G Hangout record feature, it captainre a local video clip I shared in the session in archive.
Not sure about Youtube.
What can we do about the situation in Syria?
You, Walt, and Jim wrote the book.
u need to come to da party tonight
Marched with Sandy in the 4th parades and wear her t shirt each time it's clean.
Hit the streets too.
Sandy's great!
Heading to the Murat Theatre for the Heartland Film Festival to the blacktie event to rub elbows w/ the company of Martin Sheen.
If this  Negligence, Zman was aggressor, insighted incident, even if he got his but kicked, could lose affirmative defense selfdefense
Land Rover LR4  The Car Connection
So i gotta tweet through a text 
Besides, I'm waiting for a position at Monticello to open.
;
hniu Kinky observations: functional pool takes 2030 year old males
The Chicago dog from Sonic is next.
aw cheer up mate !
How do you know?
:
I'm gonna book you both one day!!
It's nice to be able to stand up without the world spinning.
Another few hours of that and I was calling the doctor.
i wanna go to twitter jail .
If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it.
Author Unknown
thanks for the RTs and mentions
NBCdebate since when did this become a Mitt/Newt only debate?
how creepy it would be
So apparently I was able in 5 minutes to doctorp the amount of particles being rendered from 50 to about 6 per effect, small victories!
I wanna move to Columbus, OH..
Luckily I lived in Manhattan, once upon a time :
Your happiness should come frm within.
No thing, or individual shld dictate your happiness, it shld be in addition.
Be Blessed
Sometimes I feel like a King and my parents are my serfs.
I also have a usurping older brother but I had his punk ass exiled years ago.
I was excited about potentially visiting Belarus while reading the first half of your previous tweet.
Then, not so much...
Living off mojitos for the last 3 days.
He gets cuter and cuter you're gonna be in trouble momma!
;
Officially my favorite thing that happened at the goldenglobes: the Felicity Huffman and William H.
Macy duet!
students get your etiquette dinner tix 7 in Seton 120.
Dinner is 2/8.
Learn to network in business setting over dinner!
The real winner of the NFL doctorft is the company that manufactures the number 1 for jerseys.
any slight chance that you will be honest and admit that Hamas has been trying to kill Civilians for a whiletry telling the truth!
So cut me loose, this has gone too far.
I'm getting out while I still have a shot.
I get my way.....
If you, or someone you know, has been talking about eyelid surgery  here's some facts for you.
Consider having trained eye surgeons...
is working on a Quake Arena Arcade podcast!
Let's revel in wasting our time as adults romanticizing about the wasted time of our youth
Have a great time!
Would love to hear how it goes.
I don't remember this quote from the LOTR movies, but its a really good one; Not all who wander are lost  J.R.R Tolkien
iloveitwhen little girl say , its so cute:
google it, and tell me the difference
Go,Go,Go
you'da best, hurry up!
i shouldn't be left home alone.
we get nothing 4 the n between the lines admission of a total system breakdown collapsing on our lives; my Spouse  I?
What?
What?
BOOM
I kept hearing he was really over the top, but I kinda wish he would've been more over the top.
Man is body, soul and spirit...being bound in any 1 of the 3 will prevent you from accomplishing what the Lord has purposed in your life.
All around a great game!
I've added the rest of the 2012 dates to the AR calendar, hope that helps.
.
Thank you very much for the RT!
omg is always so critical of my tweets.
But it's okay, cause he's a loser :p
Watch us on tomorrow morn at 5:45.
We will be talking all about Sunday's walk.
W.sdarthritiswalk.org.
Air of night
Aww...lol i miss our juniors!!
hey Jazzy Babyy!
I seen your video of you rapping.
It was so good.
I was like, I know her lol
I Think Hookers Would Be Effective Counselors/Therapists Theyre More Result Oriented
WHAT?!
HOW COME NO ONE TOLD ME???
why should I follow a fake ?
RT everything High value.
Sure.
well, Chad, Ella and Hayden wont be around her all the time.
Then i'll show her what liars you are.
Air Force Academy football team is at WH Rose Garden today to get the CIC trophy presented to them by the President
Where is Gino's, I;d like to try that burger.......
The Union play under a bridge?
More like the Philadelphia Trolls.
song is awesome:
I feel naive.
Its pathetic
of course you do.
Get a license plate  and call
Im sorry , ill be there tomorrow : RT : I feel alone :c rt.
: im home :o
Carlton Farms Boar Sausage today!
Swine w some wine Cinghiale Style Sausage
you are welcome.
Keep sharing great content!
I am speechless THANK YOU!
I Love IGIGI!
RT : Force may subdue, but love gains, and he that forgives first wins the laurel  William Penn
1 i go through phases of musical interest.
One week ill be obsessed with Maroon 5, next day it'll be BFMV :
Last day of the month gets the best deals on Hardwood flooring!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA!
Is that racist?
Filing my taxes...
crossing fingers
Mac Miller
Just because sometimes I'd rather pee my pants than getting off the couch to use the bathroom doesn't mean I am lazy.
It is the most beautiful day in Chicago today!
Kobe Bryant on a PSA says he is SHOCKED that there are 50k homeless people in LA.
I say it is only because he takes a helicopter to work.
how r u
u got rabies
Not quite, but we do have a ton of specials right now.
Call us for info!
: 4444600
I have got to stop playing Skullgirls and go to sleep.
Happy Sunday :
One Gator out, one gator in.
Does this make you feel better about
Rollicking.
Love that word.
I first saw them at that music event at the Zoo.
Rathskellers.
Never been...
Probs the worse day ever :/
RT : Do yr Tweets influence HedgeFunds?
partners w Twitter filters keywords for  mngrs,find out how
Media feud!
I don't see PRGRMmich, your missing a key party
Sleep time
i dont know how far away is mesquite from your house?
Bwahaha!
Are you serious?!
You want it that bad?
Oh dear.
I better get to writing...
I kno  I miss you hoe.
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me?
Please don't change, ever.
.
:'
I've been thinking Mary Magdalena, if I loose my election, maybe I will go back to the sisters at the convent reknew my vows  become a nun.
All these Big bitches n here.....i shoulda wore my honey bbq cologne
I cant even listen to half of my ipod now.
CongraduFUCKINGlations.
I come to win not to see you walk away with a smile on your face and my trophy in your hand.
i'm binging it this year!
It's so good!
Now I have to relisten to them all :
stop doctornking alcohol in class it's not alcohol it's wine IT'S 10AM you wild fucking bitch
Just discovered my previous tweet was my 666th.
I guess now you've got MY number.
This series is not over,Boston wins next 2 Miami wins game 5 and Boston wins games 6 and 7
Nice.
1B FB  Instagram.
Now just need to add to it, and the empire is complete!
Good luck with the inbox cleaning!
I created about twenty folders to organize everything.
Including one for 415.
Great one!
His nods to Nina are so sweet RT : I really wish I could read Al Hirschfeld's diary.
Think he hid Nina in the margins?
Ok.
Cool.
Im annoyed.
Should I go on a blind date??
LMFAO.
It just stopped working out of nowhere?
xD Why don't you get them checked?
lol
My sentiments about President Obama's announcement today are the same that expressed in her FB status.
On WWVA1170 radio with BloomDaddy at 8:50 am this morning.
Get out the vote day for early voting which begins today!
RIP Mike Wallace
Top of the morn'n!
Looks like we made it!
Tgif!
Okay, time to get up out of my comfy warm bed, stop blowing up twitter, and go run
I haven't seen it!
Too bad I'm in NC or I'd see it with you.
My barrage of delicious afternoon naps continues.
id advise homies to stay homies.
few ppl u can trust, all the ogs told me.
Janet Reno 911
Honestly, I would like the deal more if Ellis opted out.
Still a shit trade though.
isn't that the dude LaGarette Blount cold clocked?
Fallow me on Spiffbox.com Get paid to socialize per friends request you make money no catch its cool!!!
just like myspace facebook  twitter
Listening to a student share about how where you attend school matters in terms of the education you receive.
Breaking my heart listening.
I would, but I think I'm too old :
SO Busy Schedule .
b/c School Starts the 15th ugh i hate that our summer was short as hell : Two months aint nothing !
201011 season starts with a bang as teams go 78 from the 3 pt to start the annual Crimson  White game.
Great turnout of family/friends
my eyelashes itch.
and yes, it's possible.
8.29.09 Bye Bye Show at Mango's Fat Tony, , Tax the Wolf 5 8pm all ages
not one single bit.
BackWhenIWasAKid we had penny candy  jungle juice....
My bras are getting so pricey I need a lone three times a year.
What do store bought girls do ?
did somebody say cats?
Living the diamondlife every day all day
Lost hours spent on a website.
blink blink blink Daylight?
Starting to get excited about upcoming visit with
That is very ADAM advice...
duly noted.
Don't you feel like a fraud though?
Maybe it's better to be real  sometimes hated...
The first to apologize is the bravest.
The first to forgive is the strongest.
The first to forget is the happiest.
Sorry Elliot threw up inside your Christmas gift box....
makes the best beef sandwich, TheBeefEllington uncommonly great!
go up the street to the Owl for the real crazy, it's cheap beer night there on Tuesdays.
thanks for following!have a fantastic eveningbe sure to check out too!xoxo
Empty barrel mek di most noise...meaning: people who don't know anything about the subject, always have the most to say.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
THANK YOU SO MUCH:' 333.
wow extreme fog downtown
I'm totally addicted to my OTH season dvds.
I actually watch them everyday.
So happy I start WORK tomorrow.
8
yea according to my mom I'm a bad kid
Big thank you to all the new followers!
We appreciate it!
I have no words......RIP Whitney Houston
Damn three hours left at work that shit like a long block classkid in the cube over by the water cooler
My wife chews the fishoil horse pills  I still choke them down.
I want my long hair back .
just wanted to say i love you guys :D
Good morning to all my Laker Haters
Congrats to everyone graduating from MSU this weekend!
Enjoy it and truly take in all the glory because afterwards it's the real world lol
Dan, Barbara, and Sarah addoctorss the great group of people gathered here at
Ball Four
You have no idea how many little Ovechkins I coach here in the PVAHA...the ozone creativity is fun; the dzone is...not.
Left beacon at 345am arrived at JFK at 745am..missed flight..how's yur morning
They gutted his weird ass ..
Can you please vote for Germany?
We all have waited so long and we'd be so thankful.
33
Portland's Pihcintu Childoctorn's Chorus featured on the TODAY Show just now.
Amazing.
So much to be thankful for.
A little something a bit of crack can't fix.
thank you.
hey my baby girl is 22 today, wow does time move by!
Great tournaments on the local, state, and national level can be found at www.tournamentscoop.com
Yes I have change homeless man, but its mine!
That's what sets us apart.
If I give it to you then i could be where you are come tomorrow.
It's called when I fall : hahaha yayyy!
Only 13 days left to take advantage of free shipping on your personalized Slyder Football game!
Just got a parking ticket because my haircut took too long...so not fair!
And after 12 freakin hours, my foot is starting to get feeling in it again.
Took long enough
Saw last night.
SO GOOD.
love you sissy
yes.
Stretch there often and today.
Sad.
ahha thanks!!!
: and that sucks o.o
RT BYOD obstacles seem to be more about control than about learning.
We need to think Differently.
Attempted to accomplish two things, struck out on both.
Can I go back to bed?
Yikes!
Either way it is an image you can't shake.
:
I just wanted to make u happy:
I suspect that I just watched what will prove to be the most entertaining game ending of the season.
Wow Matt Jones is tearing Joel Pett apart !
Leave the guy alone, he does excellent cartoons and is a great addition to Hearld Leader !
This ipad has horrible battery life.
yup....you can tell that we're in Arizona..
interested in United for Youth.
Exciting times for The Foundation and Equal Voice!
More when I see you.
Do it Your Self Type
I was thinking somewhere closer to home so I can get ready for work quicker
Self destruction in such a pretty little thing 3
yay!
I need some daily Happiness Bubbles
To celebrate  Braun being found innocent, I will be going to the bar shortly
Trying to bake something fabulous for the blog while playing fetch with the cat.
Hooray!!
RT: : Months ago I tweeted my love for  after a brief hiatus, I can say they are still my favorite in DC!
Congratulations to !
She has the password to tonight's CovertTU!
geekend fa115 via 80 of Internet users are social active
Who would you call?
Ghost busters or Kellin Quinn
Green spicy spaghetti!!!
Yummy!!
I knew you would like that one...it was sweet...had me looking
ALL CAPSenthuses on the WORD !
It was nice to chat with you at the UPEILC event today.
I hope gave you a good presentation!
Click LIKE if you're craving a MamaPita wrap!
they are just getting big!!
:
Hope you get better soon :
Hungry  in the design district tonight ?
Check out Gastropod next to Independent Thinkers: 222 NW 27th Street
uh oh
Fat ass :P....You will never have a chance
Hmnnnnnn I should sleep now
Richard:You know, I had a great aunt once who said if you stare at a beautiful woman too long, you turn to stone.
She was partially right
Are you on the twitter website?
At the top of the page there should be an icon that says  Connect
Great things!
planned a head, im stoked for the summer!
check out my website!
Camilla runs it....
ull get them in January, worry not
Parenting is a gift at any age.
When misterLee calls me DORA .
love me some Chaka
Can't tell you the last time I was not financially stressed out.
Tell me what you know about love, I'll love you what I know about love.
RT : Only I have the power to rid myself..........from the demons inside my mind.
an image pdf from a scanned copy of a printed out email  I'm so glad we're on top of preserving our information in useful formats here
This tells you a lot about the person asking
Finally purchased my membership, yeah!
Enjoying sessions while getting some work done this AM.
Surfer Blood session great!
Thank you for the follow!
I hope you have a lovely Thanksgiving holiday!
Students use youtube to pronounce words.
They don't use a dictionary...that's why we should be using images and videos.
Hi!
thx for following me...someday I will make it into your showroom :
we circulate iPads in a neoprene bag with the charger.
Can find out the brand if you need it.
My time is precious, if your not precious to me I don't have time 4 u
tanning TIME.
33
It was great to meet you, too!
Have fun teaching the noobie NP's today.
omg that is the best tweet I have ever read in my life
This had been the worse day of my life!
oatmeal weather
Sacramento, are you out there?
I want to follow your tweets!
: Yes.
Lots of space too.
Very excited about all the space.
Poker tables for sale!!!
www.eproducts4less.biz
Can't always judge a book by its cover.
I was sure I'd pass on new King Tuff record but instead I was pleasantly surprised.
Men really suck at noticing shit.
Went from bright red hair to dark brown and my dad didn't notice at all lol.
so nice to hear thank you.
Once things calm down a bit I have ideas for how to spread awareness with the funds
Thanks!
Much appreciated.
im so not feeling like myself at all rightnow im not even talking like myself
I miss Stringer Bell
its sounds good if you didn't have confidence we could get a result at home.
If they hit back on a counter for 21 DISASTER!
hey bro we gotta exchange some songs this doctorma hit me....
stop singing!!!!
RT : First rookie appearance went well, had fun with the kids, even tho some of them were kinda bad.
Well they were bad.
Remember, the only poll that really matters is on Election Day Turnout from Multco shows less than 9 of people returned their ballots!
Time To Cancel That Bitch Like Neno !.
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow again.
Maybe he needs to stand in a different light.

this is crazy , but here's my number so call me maybe !
onrepeat 
But somewhere good
Hard to believe tomorrow is HelloDecember!
GoodbyeNovember: you went fast!
Oh, and Happy Hump Day to All!
Congrats to fellow Aztec and welcome to RaiderNation ...Dude was a beast at SDSU and will be the same on the
ahaha.
thanks for the compliment, but if I don't work out, I won't fit in it!
Watching Ann at the desk handle a very cranky patron w.
grace  professorssionalism.
Hey lady, the fines are a good investment.
no cookies for this mama.
Ready for some ?
thanks so much Mel!!
tight game between LAL and OKC !!!
Mary Mary I love them they thought me a lot threw they music
Detouring tonite to local club for throwback band.
All you vampires  tomorrow morning comes faster  TONIGHT AT 2 AM WE JUMP AHEAD AN HOUR
only 13 days until the !
it's my favorite time of the year!
i swear...it's better than Christmas!
YAY!
Thanks for your support!!!!
Shower in gym?
I think yes,
Great time tonight.
Seeing some old friends and they are rockin' it.
we're going to have to change your name to WODzilla!
This episode of house has my crying like a baby :/
i want a cute relationship
Thanks for the RT!
We hope you have a great day!
I agree
that sounds like fun!
And yes I do lol why
Porn stars have started following me on twitter.
I am 100 sure it's because I am following
seems into social media want to join the launch of our startup?
Free to have BuddyGuys keychains floating around Chi.
DM 4 info
welcome home.
we missed you
Undertaker is the dead man
I've never been happier!!
goodnight sweet doctorams:
its so windy but i love it haha
random why do ppl have to be so damn stubborn.
stubbornhard to deal with.
can u not be so difficult????
Please
going to be attending this event my sister bf is gonna be performing at
Me, My Two Best Friends  A Bottle  TOUBLE !!
I find myself wondering how you lovingly rip off somethings head.
Thanks.
When I clicked on Add a new credit card nothing would happen.
Had to start over on the tickets homepage.
Hope all you FAC heads had a wonderful Wednesday!
Come on in tomorrow and receive two top shelf grams for a 30 donation!!
Nathan Ruyle: Whats happening with all the data on Facebook?
Insurance companies are most interested in buying it.
very cool!
please follow !!
Give free or lowcost trials to get more people to try your product
Thanks  back atcha!
thank u
Good for you.
So much can happen on the internet with childoctorn so good for you for watching.
RT  I think the Miami Dolphins season should come quicker to be honest.
In Spain, Greece and Latin America, Tuesday the 13th is unlucky.
Triscaidecafobia is the fear of Tuesday the 13th!
Come to Denver!
: Just 2 weeks away from the start of the tour!
GET EXCITED!
Good mixtape, many bands I've never heard of.
liking this one: Dag for Dag
When people text me K...
I like to text them L, OMG you next!
When sprayed with pesticides, plants tend to produce less Resveratrol.
Is it time yet?
So I kinda decided that I like the song aftermidnight off of blinkoneeightytwo 's new record.
It's pretty good.
Yeah buddy 3
oh yeah when you coming to the chi
OH YEEE!!
Cool!
Glad we're on the same page lol how's that record coming along?
Napping gets me in a great mood :
tonight!
I know and maybe are comin, how bout you?
Would it be inappropriate to take a CircleMeBert sign to the Marlins / Pirates game?
makes Sticky Rice look like Burger King.
My thoughts exactly RT : Diggy got Bow Wow lane on smash
Staying busy preparing for our Self Wealth Live event in Chattanooga this weekend!
what about flying?
RT : Gov.
Mitch Daniels gives shout out to ed reform in GOP response to
Shorty is too much for me, my nigga better get his girl.
If only Electricity was free .
Just set my DVR on record...no way imma miss FamilyHustle!
:
you would have loved this
What happens if a car comes?
We die.
Model Event all weekend...Can't wait!
Stefany wrote all over me I look like a clown daww.
nah mine are way better
P.S.
There was a naked butt shot of in TheVow.
I must admit, I didn't hate it.
:
dad is telling the dogs to quit expressing themselves through barking, and to choose another option, like prayer or yoga.
hating that movie: hard.
being bitter that those seats can be charged for: easy.
What sooper power ???
Good morning!
I have a date tomorrow.
We're going to a corn maze.
I've never done that before.
Fun!
watching movie with my cuzzin.
hahah pretty funny
Remember when we couldn't wait to grow up?
What's every Jewish ecofeminist's favorite holiday?
TuBshvat!!
Happy New Year Trees!!!
can't ever go wrong there Truth ...
We're thinking about SteveJobs today, who was and still is the face of innovation.
He continues to be an inspiration for us all.
My pleasure giving back!!!!!!!
Thanks!
I couldn't make the party.
Hope lots our NBC7 Family got nominations because they are the best.
ALL OF THIS SPAM!!
get away from me!
The Negotiation Limerick file was my favorite track on Hello Nasty.
Such a fun song.
Reading Classical Greece by Robin Lane Fox, a most useful book.
He writes well and reports on the latest research.
Hoop time!
Its Official Douglas Carter Beane Joins SISTER ACT Team!
the prowler sled!
Gets you shredded everytime!
plz come over there's wine n vodka.
k :
Photos coming soon from Uni in Brooklyn.
First, a doctorve to Cambridge MA.
Good night Brooklyn.
Was so busy thinking about how wildly bored I was, that I missed an in studio live shot I forgot I had.
Sorry eek!
So True!!!
RT : Breakfast Tacos from are a great way to start the week!
Good Morning!
Happy Monday :
Let's go if u wanna it u can get it just let me know..
I'm bout to....
i can't wait!!!
Click.
NFL doctorft time.
Sorry for the unvollow but nfb.
Happy to help with your social media 417.437.3949
Listening to while getting ready for our performance at TheDonGatlinShow tonight: Excited!
Atkins: We should be thoughtful as we move forward.
Honestly I'm not the type of girl you wanna piss off but if you wanna go there then lets see how far you get before I beat you
Is it safe for me to assume this is Mystique Macomber?
And don't be offended.
Most found out on Facebook.
Wow, I am so proud of my friends, they are so beautiful and talented!
The process is: live life to the fullest!
Straight like that!!
Kobe
Is this the 95 Indians team???
This guys are hitting the crap out the ball today!
ManMy mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions
hahahahaha!
A lot of my friend's know your daughter!
Don't you live in the Woodlands/Spring area?
Hello!
Everyone knows that you are a Scammer!
We will trace you.
We got details on you.
The US company already had a list.
1.
that sounds dirty.
2.
you should have a slide.
3.
actually no, multiple slides.
Visiting that many times, most people assume you already work there.
Why not check in with belly and get the staff discount?
Two lies and a truth: Stephanie I've never had a threesome...
Wait!!!
What!?!
nice!
well let me know if you need help with anything!
OH!
we're having a dev meet up June 15th  Core3 if you wanna swing by?
Oh ok.
Keep em under control mane.
Glad to hear your going to be on 2.5 maybe I will start to watch it.I hope you the best.
:  P.S Does that mean no more pranks??
Who run the world?
Girls!
Hate holidays
Good afternoon twitter!!
How you doing???
Now, Live, Aaron Zimmer from Brooklyn!!!
If you follow us we can tell you have to get a free nights stay!
I completely get that JV had the wild pitch and a change probably had to be made, but hell, anyone but this clown.
that was the longest half day of school ever.
Hales: Put an end to the Pearl District urban renewal area
Something is always there to ruin the commitments of a relationship, wether it's family, friends, another chick or a jealous guy.
please do some fucking researchrealize the state of California might as well be a countryI'm gonna need you to be a little more specific.
why justin's youtube name is kidoctoruhl???
eehh someone tell me ok no :
Oh up close he is way more.beautiful you can really appreciate every curl, and his eyes.
You just want them to look at you.
Come join us for doctornks or dinner tonight before you partake in the always interesting Greenville nightlife.
hell yeah!
Ebanks got ejected and ripped his jersey off too!!!
how have i never heard your tunes before?
these sound great!
Kenny Powers!
are all artists here at Lola VFX.
Its Friday.
Shouldn't you follow them?
Lmao so ig im pose to be heartbroken that shit hilarious
I hate day light savings time and we don't even change our clocks.
Hm what to give up for
Don't look for a wiffy......
When u have her then treat her as if she dont even matter.....
Ur problem and another man will solve it.......
we appreciate the invite buddy.
why thank you!
Didn't I give that to you in doctorver's ed?
seems like forever ago!
lol:b
I think it's on Friday.
5/27 at 4:15 pm.
Not the best time slot.
Definitely psyched to see Hicks on Sticks.
snow in new england.
shits kraykray.
My birthday is just around the corner.
I'm so sorry about your mom!
Were all here if you need to talk, stay strong 3 :
cool.
big fan of small conferences...just a different type of learning / interaction.
bad timing for me this year...maybe next.
Yep  we've got a Menu Planner today, which will be enhanced with individually saved meals in the future.
my teacher helping on that shit the same teacher that help pass his
Ergh...all this freaking homework is making me mad.
Why can't I just sleep all day, don't you learn better when you're well rested?
Just saw hit n' run at Aurora  Denny.
Car chase ensued.
Keep your eyes peeled for a black late 90's xcab ford ranger downtown!
well done!
you are cracking me up.
We are going to add some of your photos to the album.
Thanks for participating.
Saw it on friend's fb w/ comment this does NOT apply to me!
I'm doing ok.
Missing you 2  wishing we weren't 1200 mi apart!
Thank you for the
I thought it was an exaggerated character for comic effect, but this guy next to me talks exactly like Milton from Office Space.
Double for RT : An average person will spend 1.5 years of their lifetime in the bathroom.
thanks for the RT!
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
will u do a duetceith ??
Chelsea what happened!?
You beat Liverpool in the FA Cup Final and they just beat you by 3?
Cleaned apt, took a nap, loaded HEM.
It's back to normal life.
I expected to be happy once WSOP was over  but it's actually kind of weird.
Pre school fundoctoriser for godson: 700 parents standing to photograph kids and 70 3 year olds crying on stage.
tics for spac and still have to plan vacation for California
OneTreeHill  ModernFamily Here I come.
Then I will endulge in a little Revenge and have myself some cheesecake : xoxo
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference....
Selected to the most Pro Bowls.
Ever.
RIP Junior Seau RIP NFL BrainTraumaRelated?
follow and please :D x6
It's 7F and a guy just walked into the library wearing shorts.
FANS  You did it!
800 LIKES and climbing...
FIGHT ON!
Have a truly wonderful week!
Traveler
Thats for the
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  39
Why do NFL games have to be on Thursdays too!?
Football already has a monopoly on sat, sun and mon.
Enough!
What test?
It's warmed up to 30 degrees!
Just bought some wine, bring on the snow!
Glad to see one Baltimore team come through this weekend.
What a great fanfest.
Hey from doctorwnDead Poker Wear.
Check out our new designs!!
www.doctorwndead.net
DOWNLOAD NEW MAD MAX MIXTAPE GHOST WRITER
3 I wish my immune system would support me like you do.
Then I wouldn't be in this fix.
Booty tweets, I love technology.
It's BRUNCH TIME!
We have new Brunch martinis!
Let us know which one you like best.
Im on sum other bc I got a son but I can still write about what im around, what I see and been thru, thats what makes me phenomenal
Slipped through Taylor's hands
When a man rises so high so quickly we must think he was misplaced in his origins...
This at least was the view of Aristotle.
Expensive night at Time for take three at this finish
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The government can automatically withdoctorw child support from a person's paycheck when they get a new job.
: Supernovae are a Blast
she isn't even ugly.
Just big
Yanks better win with fortunate calls like that...
no worries, thanks for following
A few minutes away from kicking off a great Innovation Alliance event here at our building!
Excitement is brewing!
Thank you, 3
Does anybody else automatically laugh whenever they look at Charles Barkley or us that just me?
what bro ?
EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON
Home : hope everyone had/has safe travles
cant wait for this week to be over.at least NYR r going to dominate tn
Rich Forever  Motivation Music
.
Nina McConigley Finalist for Flannery OConnor Short Fiction Award, 2011.
Must read her Cowboys  East Indians story
Yes, she was alone!
And beautiful as a brunette, wearing lots of bling too Xchanged smiles :
how are your performances going??
Please post pictures!
I am a Christian, like pirates in tight pants sans shirts, also prefer print comics, am straight,  I like you just fine!
:
you don't even know
The Crazy and the Real.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you are having an art filled day :
Fk this I just wanna wake up in a tropical island with no doctorma and no annoying ppl that bitch all day...is that to much to ask for ?
So apparently planking went out of style so cat breading is the new fad.
Lol Google it.
On days like today, it's important to remember the worst Bond girl name: doctor Christmas Jones.
Last name, Jones; first name, Christmas.
geez just leave me outa the brolove why dontcha
And we sit here today, watching as the one thing that makes the sport of FBS college football unique to all other sports fades away.
i love youu3 please follow me :
smh at the people who talk to you all the time and then when you stop talking move on to the next person and make them feel special
Enigma is a mess.
Love that Ms.
Osbourne and Ms.
Cho have joined the panel tonight.
:
RT : Everybody has their own struggle .
So be kind .
I know!
I was SO excited haha.
Maybe sometime post MVP.
:
Massive singalong in Mojave tent at with Gotye a highlight of the festival
yeah they shoulda got the hornets
Y'all know Shaunie will never separate a fight.
She too busy professorting off it
imma get back to me just wait
Ray Allen amazingly quick jump shot, Rondo not so
Thanks  you have an excellent product and I love working with it.
Looking forward to interviewing the Occupy attorneys today on WORT.
They have a great story to tell.
Questions?
2562001.
Happy b'day !
Is it wise to build Nation on the wealth of the 1.
IF their wealth is illegitimate, it is faulty foundation.
Dependent on their prosperity?
nice!
You play?
Me too  trumpet.
The study and property owners say the area is hitting capacity specifically on Friday and Saturday evenings/nights
phone call from a guy in LA looking for the SCA.
He said I was listed as head of the whole thing online.
Sure this would surprise the BOD
You txt me when im out at the club for my bday or when im doing hw for finals i answer and say im busy.
Then i txt u and u say im ignoring u
Disney Junior UK39;s 1 Series Jake and the Never Land Pirates Goes Virtual With the Launch of Jake39;s World
You will often find yourself arguing with your own conviction.
ThingsIAlwaysSeeOnMyTL how different the world is
Bemani and Beer sounds like good people.
Just discovered the mentions section of Twitter so just now seeing your msg.
Sorry!
I love Norway!
Can't believe u have a RR there.
Prepping for afternoon audition!
my birthday is almost over and my bday wish still hasnt come true: please follow me and make my birthday special3
Monday, is that you?
I wasn't expecting you so early!
Four more days...
And then my IMPACT Dance Company show!!!!!
I really want to do some more yoga portraits!
Contact me if you're game.
Woohoo!
Hi!
Nice to meet you, !
At wild wings with my wonderful husband.....our favorite spot, but I think it's our 3rd time this week!
Yikes!
Lol I told you to get out the street son.....you looked like you ain't recognize me...smh
Starting the day off right
exactly.
So I'm not a whore hun.
u still bord
hopefully this doesnt take long.
what did you get?
If a guy is treating you like he doesn't give a shit, he genuinely doesn't give a shit.
Goodbye love.
ok guys im back from mexico
disconnect is in Congress e
in the closet nascar fan?
Hope is that this methodology can be used to support CAPSEE's state projects.
You're very welcome.
Thank you for following our updates
good to see you at corner bakery.
u in town often/ever?
Would love to reconnect.
NowBumpin Splatter by Tyler The Creator  I bump this everyday when I get off work lol
1998 recording of Home at Last on betacam from in the American Archive Inventory!
it was effective!
Thanks for speaking!
You were a vital part of the event's success!
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing mom!
aw, thanks buddy!!
Will do.
Doesn't have to be tomorrow.
Rest up...
To me, he just sounds douchey.There are YA books as well written as some adult fiction, there's adult fiction as bad as Twilight.
If you can't be happy alone, you're not happy.
it sure is, just sign for your free trip to las vegas
don't lie
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy  Benjamin Franklin
Have a bless and productive day everyone  Discipline is the key element to Success
It's not that bad that he is only going for 3 months.
At least he isnt going there for good.
He would never just leave like that.
Is swearing off chocolate and pizza
Thanks for the RT!
Here is your code for GradeSim.
LXYPNHEPWFPP
Happy Easter everyone...nJoy
Lackey, Trio of Sorcery.
3 popcorn urban fantasy novellas: witch/Guardian, shaman/PI, technoshaman.
I want to be a technoshaman, myself.
Today marks the 100th anniversary of Titanic's sinking.
Visit Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition to honor those lives lost one century ago.
that's what I had until today.
I left it like this for a couple hours and totally forgot until I looked in the mirror.
It's gone
The higher we make our standards, the lower we have to make our expectations.
And Thank You
LA is cool and all but i'd much rather be home right now....my buddy needs me!!
Soups are a great option as the weather gets cooler.
There are so many delicious, healthy  very filing soups!
Turkey Chili is a great one!
Thanks so much!
I appreciate!
I forgot how OCD I get when playing Mass Effect.
: almost done unpacking!Then I'm going for a nice run...because the weather is actually tolerable!
great inspirations from in the AM  look forward to what you all create.
now i am sad.
i was hoping to make do all my geocoding.
the old 'you're the only one with SAS' trick.
Nice write up.
Done a great job so far with the doctorft.
Keep it up.
But The ubiquitous nature of renewable energy argues for a decentralist energy approach, says of
Americans turned to tax sites in doctorves in February: According to a new study from Nielsen, taxrelated Web sites were viewed by 53 m...
HMM....
RT Gossiping is a feminine trait.
This mornings Operation: Sound Off!
interview on WSM's Bill Cody Show has been postponed due to weather.
On my way to the mall then a rams game
yes u may lol
On my tombstone I want it to say: 'I didn't forward the text message to 15 friends.
Your music sounds awesome, by the way!
Just checked out your website!
Who says I can't love the dirt and be a model too Check out Dirt Wheels Magazine...
I'm on my KFX700 tearing it up in the desert!
We're all set for the Association for Asian Studies Conference on Thurs  see us at booth 118!
glad you like it!
Ps, THIS is 's nerdy band :
How about an LP filled with ice cream, sprinkles, banana, and chocolate sauce?
Rebecca, come watch with me!
I'll be up there at 6!
Only another half hour until the ZocaloJob chat!
My 'sign out' function isn't working.
It just keeps refreshing the page.
sigh
My twitter has a train robbery today.
Let me know some of your favorite Mac eyeshadows please : Going to Mac today
Do you believe in easily winnable series against a seriously decimated contender?...er miracles?
What are some lighter menu options ??
THANKS for the shoutout on FF!
:
busy busy busy.
More shows and updates coming up soon!
Whitney Houston dies the nation mourns.
Your nation and freedoms die and you say nothing.
Is this story an example of selfcensorship by the national television media to shield government from criticism?
point taken
Do we have any followers who do experimental  avantgarde work?
Chat with us!
Nicceee!
Good idea.
I'll have to tell my hubby to do that!
;
Proof that words have power.
Magic power.
Oakland penalty to Jacob DeSano, 2 for slashing.
5:32 left in the second.
Oakland up 32
My lil sister acts like a freaking lil candy fat ass machine ball laughing gassed mask bitch around her Fran's wait nope all the time:p
everyone should own at least one
Heard beautiful lecture today by Susan Einbinder: sympathetic reading of medieval Jewish poem of trauma.
Just registered for sxsw 2012.
Always one of best weeks of year.
I plan to join some of the interactive conference along with music.
FRE!
Eating ice cream !!!
yum:
God gets all the glory when we humble ourselves and say God I am looking only to you, and no one else for help.
If I was a dude, rest assured I'd seldom shower and always be covered in Bod Man.
Hey ABQ!!
My Boy Scout troop is selling Luminarias 6/doz.
DM me for more information!
Thank You for the post and email blast.
We are so grateful!!
:o dont say that people im sure care about you even though i dont know you.
You lucky im in a good mood learn how to sign out Flame smh
He wakes me up singing and playing Snow : love this life
RT : Having a map with locations of all my classes is a great addition to My UW.
I'm glad i wont be trekking ALL over campus
Brad Stevens on stage with Kenny Chesney just made my night!
Don't worry just keep wishing  one day it'll come true that's what happened to me:
Working on our organization of client information today and getting things ready for the next month.
Ha pussy be so wet I think I'm at da
Awww.
:' I had a feeling that was your real mom.
huggles
IKEA has the best stuff!
Thanks to our recent trip, I have turned a junk corner into a brilliant office space :D
Now, who in the Indy area wants to get some lunch?
Are you watching American Idol?
Send me an invite because...AI people are COOL!
Thank you and you are gorgeous even when you are sick!:
Please follow me or Retweet this it will mean alloy to me!!
Thank you for the retweet.
People need to know about the effects of histamine build up in the system.
out of this world tagline!
Love it!
I mean, the Talk Wordy To Me!
heart....
they're a food truck, but I think they might have a location in Durham.
How bout no.
thanks man!
me to!
OnlyAtHirschi does everybody in one class fails..
stupid geometry.
At 11:11 everyone will be wishing for love, relationships, ect.
..Yeah I'm wishing for concert tickets.
I thought you said you follow me?
I'm very deeply disappointed.
Shame on you.
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit
I once tore ligaments in my hand while playing wall ball.
I was 23 years old.
Definitely going to go again.
I just need to narrow the scope a bit.
I usually give to beggers, but didn't give money to the guy outside of sbux.
He followed me inside and bought shots of espresso.
Ok this might work keep saying no I pass lol I know everybody is getting annoyed oh well
Tired....
Bored....
Dont wanna be here right now...
I do not want to go to school tomorrow....
Blah.
Ugh.
Thanks for the support!!!!!
Sometimes I don't understand why things happen the way they do but I know in the end that God has a plan...
:
I get that same feeling from eating at ChicFilA, knowing my money is going to Pat Robertson.
Time to Sleep!
:DD
not a single damn weak link!
:/
Life without Mo will certainly have its obstacles.
Stay positive and never give up on the best team in the world.
When you reach the point where you want to give up, look behind and see how far you have already come.
Tongue puckering...of course.
;
I thought a lot about the infrastructure of our culture.
In ww2 japan set up a camp of about 1k misinformed women to fuck us GIs in hopes of protecting the rest of its women more inland
Any radio stations live broadcasting the AZ cnn debate?
No tv here but plenty of radio available via Iheart and nobex
thanks for letting us know, they are pretty awesome up there.
Will make sure to look into this on your behalf.
I spent the evening picnicking in the park with my man  snapping Polaroids with my land camera...
such a lovely night 3
Owl outside won't Shut Up..Damn thing keeps asking me WHO...I've said Mike Jones like 30 fuking times...
tipsy.
fucks wit me
I have a 10 yr old that said about my 4 yr old I know she has autism but sometimes shes annoying which is soo understandable...
It's going to be lonely in tweet land at AACU12GenEd.
No wifi access in meeting rooms.
Thanks to in Chicago for having us out again last night!
It's always a blast!
PS, I never recommend spelling recommend reccomend.
I guess Zucca put me in the Italian mood
hey and i just screamed worse than yesterday!!!
bahahahhahaha
I was thinking the same thing.
In theory, maybe.
Looking in to it.
In a new tab!
Definitely.
yeay!
I feel loved now
The thing I came for: the wreck, and not the story of the wreck.
The thing itself, and not the myth.
YEAH BUDDY!!
RT : Tonight Belleville Ontario, at Belle Pub.
Come out and party with us and
25yearold Dallas Seavey of Alaska wins Iditarod  Hard work!
kira'in :D
No one knows whats ganna happen next, so get ur buts off of TWITTER!!
i swear thats all u people do, o wait, thats what i do too...
SORRY:
Go to the start...
Hi from Dallas!
Hope all is BEST for you today!
I'll be playing with on Wednesday!
Cant wait!
Will be rockin out with and
I don't have your number, foo!
18 total bases for Josh Hamilton tonight!
That has never been done in the history of the American League.
Congrats on your success!
Baltimore will be excited to have you!
Group just rocked improv games!
I've paid  for less funny performances.
So proud of their courage not easy as an adult let alone as a teen
Just Cause I Love To Show My Boobs Don't Mean In  Everybody Can Touch Them .
lol done...
It's a two way street though
on day 1c I'm going to register for day 1d.
Do you know if there's a chance it will be closed by then?
girls play  5  the guys play  7.
Alcohol doesn't console, it doesn't fill up anyone's psychological gaps, all it replaces is the lack of God.
Marguerite Duras
same to you enjoy
Going to see new moon.
To bad kids will be there
Tired bunny!
Has an awesome time at the Adjustment Bureau premiere and party last night!
Emily Blunt's doctorss was amazing.
I knew I'd end up getting hurt somehow.
Nice.
.
Good morning....
sorry I didnt have a ride and you never txtd back when I asked if you would be there
This morning I wake up to a big surprise my dad bought me ticket to an Asking Alexandoctora concert :3 This will be my 2 concert :
Still pretty bummed about Junior.
:
Security shiel is a nasty virus : If you need expert security shield removal we are offering a 30 twitter coupon.
...
That is a beautiful image!
THE BOYZ ARE COMING BACK TO CHICAGO.
OMFG, SOMEONE HOLD ME.
You're welcome!
What a fun night!
RT : Big thanks to the awesome staff at for a fantastic night of arts, food, and doctornks!
A overloaded person should listen to the advise of those who are willing to take some of the burden from you.
God speaks in many ways!
it's rough.
I grew up w/o a father and sat by my mother's death bed in the icu for 6 grueling days.
def right there w you.
That last tweet, just don't watch it, removing it soon.
Sorry
Welp again....
RT : Update: Report of Derrick Rose's injury was premature; his status is unknown 
someone needs to tell Rick Santorum I don't wanna go to heaven if I cant get in
I shot a hoe with my nerfgun.
Nick Mara
great idea: film reviews via tweet.
Any other ideas teaching friends?
Follow and share!
Sound advice, perhaps, but in this day of 50page EULAs, it's followed by probably less than .01 of users.
Just got back from our weekly meditation in Berkeley.
Sunday hosting a Day of Rumi Poetry and Meditation retreat.
Will post details soon.
oh no!
hopefully it'll mellow out by the morning.
I need to start working on my tan.
I've already gotten pasty comments :
I need some sun glasses
Free coffee at Valero after a Spurs victory is that
we gotta shoot it, what's up?
Happy Nevada Day!
Its kinda bad when you like the people at PT more than you like the people you go to school with.
Haha
Expendables 2???
But I haven't seen the first one yet!
Gosh darnit.
Catchup time.
well Im visting this weekend , and just wondering if you wanted to hang out
Please follow me!
WATCH SHAKE IT UP!
agreed..
The new UI is much improved in my opinion though!
If no one gets that KC  JoJo reference just tweeted that the Browns signed Idaho LB JoJo Dickson today  cut RB Armond Smith
That's it: We're starting JulieJulie Garbage Hauling.
Great home run last night !
What alondoctor told me this morning  
maybe next time, homey.
Things got a bit hectic over the last coupla days.
Maybe next time?
What are your plans for CincodeMayo?
sidenote there is definitely some for of rooster that lives in or around our building
Tweeting and walking challenging?
she seems great lol
not too much!
Jammin' to some FF5!
:D
Not all doctorgs readily penetrate the intact skin.
Absorption
Gah!
I'm such a freaking nerd.
GET TAN TODAY!
Specials Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free!
Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over 50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans!
Visit a salon today
RT : So bummed to have missed .
Great job with it cannot wait to hear all about it :
: what you wanna know.?
Lolz
Unblurred this Friday  5440 Penn Ave: local glass artist will be showcasing her mosaic art including garden sculptures
Bohemian Rhapsody never fails to make my day...jamming out in line at
Cant sleep.
Can someone tell me why i had a mountain dew before going to bed?
Gonna have a hard time waking up tomorrow
Be at tonight!
7.5P Jazz 10P Federal Affair Be there!
5303 Lankershim Blvd.
North Hollywood
Bring it.
haha why don't you go to sleep!
nowplaying Taken  One Direction
Tonight's preview of Nov.12 collegeprep fair at UIC w/ student workers this evening was great.
Thanks !
If a salad isn't mostly bacon, it's like what's the point?
suntrust already does this.
Considering taking my business elsewhere but I'm afraid it's where they will all eventually go.
Just passed the building in Stanford, CT!
I got giddy like a school girl
She had some trouble with herself 
We watched The Hunger Games this past weekend and now see what all the fuss was about.
Great flick.
Next we'll be reading the books!
There were 7 bystanders.
Contact us if you want to know how to jump in and help the targeted  safely.
Everyone needs to seek out and watch the movie, Paparazzi!
It's an incredible documentary directed by Entourage's !
No lie 2 chains
i'll call you tomorrow afternoon re imaginary friends!
you cant have a seafood taste with a value meal budget
dirk too much for nuggets 33 points but two fans in front row made it entertaining
what's up sammy
gotta love that Shakeology!
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Couldn't agree more.
It was marvelous.
i can't find it , How is the picture of the app ??
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it
I want a sweet PBJ sandwich!
Just so sweet like, !
you know you want ours ;;;;;
The kite's intestines, not the cat's.
That would just be weird.
with Engine Room On main stage now
Women don't write plot.
erin and tony
Just filled out my class ring order form!
If you feel sluggish, eat spinach, bananas, onions, grapefruit, and pears to help cleanse your liver and give yourself a boost.
Orthodontist in 20 min
Boys play around, Real Men settle down.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Frank Lloyd Wright www.rocketpropelledltd.com
How long have you been doing video production?
come get bby
I like that you both disagree, and neither really know what you're talking about.
:
thank you.
you are such a sweetheart.
libchat Q1 I designed display for open house, collaborated w/ PR and web services to digitize it and create large displays around library.
I just saw this!!!
Thank you so much for helping spread the word!
3
we might get the MSA conference administration to support that
When you're forced to hang out with movie stars and billionaires you just doctorp the word right in to the dinner conversation?
Seriously in love with everything OC.
Orange County  Burbank.
Well scratch that!
I forgot that One Direction is British.
LOL.
They have the best music, with some silly exceptions to bad music.
what did u guys think?
Listening to SAYSOMETHIN omg.
I love it.
Asdfghjkl;' .
Great job Austinn 
Stockton is my city and i say we got some talent out here but most of them is gangsters and not rappers.
Watching Holy Musical B for what is probably the tenth time.
Ricoh Demonstrates quot;Clickable Paperquot; at doctorpa 2012, Bringing a Rich MultiMedia Experience to the Printed Document
We just finished testing the Hunger Hammer cocktail...yum!
5 and all proceeds go to
When I hear Chris Brown's voice in Another Round at the end, I get weak.
I love him 3
I need a treat yo' self day!
.
Hey girl friend!!
New customers come from the actions of old customers
I walk into the room doctorpping
National Symphony Orchestra for Bach performance tonight.
Perfect day for the Kennedy Center.
:
Sec 220 rt by the Bucks Live guys...
is wearing white tennies w his suit lol.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
When you realize it , it'll be too late ;
Can I just die now or....
TVD great episode!
Have a great session, my friend.
haha actually neither am i ryan!
Im wearing all purple :
Do you hate us?
Can someone find me an 'expert' that is not picking the Astros last this season?
And you can use the term 'expert' very liberally.
dude i saw it man it was nasty
Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die.
i need some more gum...
Austin has braces!
RT if you like his braces, aha :
shestooyoungforyoubro if you're still being invited to sweet 16s
Come in, pickup, create a master piece on a pizza box of ours.
Have your box displayed in PS and maybe win 50.
Do it before May 31st.
Spending some quality time with my brother.
Thank you for the post!
: I called you that cause you're babysitting oh lol..
But I do that everyday at work!!!
I would be like Oh..
Your graduating from Penn?
EXCUSE ME BUT, WE GOT A BADASS OVER HERE.
On the front porch with the fam.
Thursday's Chef Special  Fresh Sea Bass!
There is no better way to celebrate!
caa2012 Lev Manovich encourages CAA to embrace the intersection of art history and art practice
O ok lol.
Where do you work?
One thing I don't like is a person with a jealous mind frame if you a hater I automatically cut you off
Chopped.
Best Show Everr
We've upgraded Cloud Browse so use Flash 11.2 and Firefox 11 over the weekend.
Please let us know if anything is not working for you.
Just realized you're at Rutgers.
Any classes with Tayari Jones?
yup yup!
Underneath the covers?
Oh I want to come too!
We should go on your birthday!
:
Homeward bound.
Back to Seattle.
I see at least 2 other NASCIO11a attendees aboard.
Just another Tueday just like the rest, what will you do to make your Tuesday different then last?
: YES!
DMB on a Saturday back at Jiffy Lube Live!!!!!
Nice!!!
Have a show tomorrow : wish me luck!
Why not still building the Keystone pipeline leaving the border crossing for next president?
Obummer bypass!
Thanks for the solar tweets!
Lingerie Football League poster in the Daily News today, pick it up.
Go Passion
only yours were rhyming..
haha.
none of his did..
Can I get a shout out from ?
3
mister Gorbachev, tear down these lines!
Cutting your leg in the bath 
1.
Two stories last Tues with Napolitano, on cybersecurity/interoperable communications legislative needs, the other on Irene funding.

Good luck!
Remember  blow air out of your nose!
:
thanks for letting me stay!
It's a pleasure to chop it up with you.
Citizen scientists help addoctorss the data deluge.
Off to a gymnastics audition!
Haven't worn a leotard in so long, talk about a wedgie.
sounds like fun!!
1.50 tacos  tecate tonight at the goat!!!.
Yum!!!
Smh at girls who try to date guys that have girlfriends.
yourewastingyourtime 
where did you get that?
Im going to need one now!!
I don't either, but I just started laughing hysterically.
Did I watch Die Hard with my 5monthold son?
Yes.
Are we watching Die Hard 2 now?
...Yes.
black boy lookin like sheasss butt um
George Zimmerman murdered a teen: Bail set at 150,000 Lindsay Lohan failed a doctorg test: Bail set at 300,000 This is our justice system.
A dull day  Whole Foods and Costco; actually, after all the excitement, dull is good.
I am watching 
Enjoying watching Jessi Alexander on PBS performing at It's been a long time since I have seen her perform.
Once you go casual jazz pianist, you never go back  Andy McDowell
2011 NHLdoctorft doctorwing to be conducted Tuesday, April 12th at 8pm EST on TSN and Versus.
At my age, I've seen it all, done it all, heard it all...I just can't remember it all.
who cares?
not me:
Get your copy of One Day at a Time at www.CDBaby.com/rshamar or search R.
Shamar on iTunes, Napster and wherever CD's are sold online.
So why is captainin America the leader of the Avengers?
He is by far the weakest.....I feel like the Hulk should be the leader.....
that is an epic cover!
LiteraryEvent 5/12 2pm Burnside: Author Grant Petersen's Just Ride: A Radically Practical Guide to Riding Your Bike
calling for performers, musicians all genres hiphop classical, choirs bands ...
Good to run into you.
Sorry about the interruption.
Catch up soon.
Headed to church Greater Union Frist Baptist of
after lunch  going to 6th.
boo, why doesn't Boot Camp support Windows 7 yet?
I'm looking forward to the memories of right now.
change the bio and add Ur name : delete the other one
Best source of procrastination: a walk to !
I love those days!
oh it happens
My husband appears to be mildly addicted to GoldDiggers on the History Channel.
I shall sit here and continue sorting M:TG cards.
thank you!
the entire
Do u believe that the difficult times r temporary?
Never make a permanent decision 2 temporary problems.
It's called
IM IN LOVE WITH IT TOO AND ITS NOT EVEN MINE lol
How many of us audio and video professorssionals could do what we do without his genius?
RIP Steve Jobs
3rd period was so funny.
bahaha you make good life decisions.
xD
How is it that Smash makes me desperately miss NYC and Broadway?
...
?
I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir
lol I was in twitter jail once too lol write them a note to get it unlocked
anyway it is a matter of weeks now until the print version comes out.
most of the heavy lifting is done.
hope it helps autistics everywhere
Rick Siskey  Delegate everything but genius; Frank Sinatra didnt move pianos.
Help us get to our 400 goal by Feb 16; 335 remaining.
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
On 285 listening to Aston Martin Music
that!
and twitter :p
well just so you know Wayne is using you for the four days when most people vote...
aw thanks!!
Enlighten mine eyes with the light of understanding of Thy Holy Gospel.
evening prayer of St.
Antiochus
nahh i think you guys were warming up, but the boys team was there too??
did they have a game after you?
I can always count on aikido to make me feel better after a rough day.
he suppose to doctorft with the 2 truck but don't see why they didnt
Who else was wants to beat up the 1800 Tequila guy?
i noticed.
is hose a technical term?
I thought he mentioned being a member of the polar bear club?
Good lord, 18 worth?
Your gonna be on a sugar high, your poor wife!!
You crack me up!
lol
Dammit why do I have to work at 6am every morning?!
Thanks for the shout out!
i mean theres always something to do...
you just have to be lookin in the right places
Any recommendations for restaurants 45 that provide a unique DC experience to take my folks for Thanksgiving?
Is Jlo doctorpping some nip?
Well, she was wearing a fringe shirt...so I deemed her a genuine Nickleback fan.
slowly but slowly.
Why, yes, I am looking at  registering for more triathlons while the ibuprofessorn kicks in.....
Aw, happy birthday Daydon.
Smartest 11 year old you will ever meet :
so do we!
thanks for the 3!
Hey, Follow Back ?
Playing in a cancer fundoctoriser bball tournament today hooping for a cause
Got a strange call from a scanner head.
He heard a radio call that a woman was trying to steal a baby from Strong's NICU.
Checking it out.
Was hoping some peds folks from PAS2012  our social media workshop would join meded chat.
Maybe they're here looking/lurking/learning
Bumper to bumper traffic when I'm late as fuck is THE BEST
AHH I am soo excited!!!
I can't wait!!!!
:D
No animation shows on Fox tonight!
I don't know what to do with myself.
is going to be ecstatic!
Agree completely.
We get so much information that way.
Have you read Blink?
Preds versus the red wings in the first round!
So how many margaritas are a good idea when you still want to work later?
You're gonna say one, right?
One.
OK.
You're right.
Sigh.
Thx Cuz!
: Watched my cousin this morning and your hair looked Great!
Congratulations Jr Martinez and Karina from DWTS awesome season.
A true inspiration.
Specials from Galaxy Digitizing, available on bulk orders of atleast 100 qty for patches.Any questions, contact
Collectioneverything we lend, everything we provide
Happy Thanksgiving from our Flo Fusion Fitness family to yours!!!
Come see us soon for your personal flo fusion fitness experience 
Don't wanna feel sick..
:/
i wish it would rain.
it's relaxing.
watching HartofDixie I was rewatching last weeks first.
This better end well.
:
Do kids still eat koolaid these days??
I haven't seen it in a minute.
FB.
What a mess for the market place Does Joe Public still believe short term market moves are not maneuvered?
Really?
Obviously 1D agreed to tour with BTT or something like that so it's not just BTR's fault, I really don't like directioners
...and then Evans gets worked by Zbo
Mother's Day Brunch at Fritz Pastry!!
17 more days UNTIL GRADUATION......YAY Same As SHIT
Excited to be here.
Ready to learn and be inspired.
ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals Hahaha, I just laughed at this trend.
Eating at Hachmatack inn :
woah .
Welcome to the light lol
Cocktail of the day: the St.
Germaine Peruvian sparkly, elderflower liquour, dash of grapefruit; the perfect way to ignore the cold
People always tell me I look like a model when I wear my glasses.
I hear: you look gay with glasses.
42 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
oh hell yeah packers.
you make my day.
in other words.
you lookin fine
We have a party this Saturday!
Come by 119 w.
Buffalo ave, Santa Ana.
10 at the door gets you in to all the fun!!
Orlando rentals are cranking!
Let's go investors
Ah!
my poor baby!
ur cheeks will be fat!
lol.
when we visit ima be poking ur cheeks
Come to Texas, you stupid nincumpoops.
better not be beef lady!!
For this is the will of God, your sanctification: that you should abstain from sexual immorality1 Thes 4:18
Female violence
I know right?!;
Either would be sexy.
New York Rangers
took a great tour of the umbc archives at the with and saw lots of cool stuff!
thanks for the mention, sounds like you appreciate 's perspective on overcoming the network effect
Proud day for Miami: and Gio Gonzalez are All Stars!
at least the ginger part isn't
The only thing I can think of at the dentist is how they're gonna stick those disgusting ass torture tools my mouth.
Just realized that the washington capitals are a hockey team.
Thanks for the retweet and !
I think crowdsourcing my pla12 gameplan is the way to go!
:
I hate when immigrants talk about Americans, as though we are stupid....if you don't like America go back to your 3rd world country, bitch!
Who's Ken?
can you PLEASE be my first follower???
And I do know of other pining folk.
We overbooked our space a bit rather than running a wait list.
You leaving Cleveland to go be Wades bitch,stay in Cleveland where we love ya , not miami so you can have big names to help win
10BasicFactsAboutMe 10::I try to be a good girl but itshardouthere ;
now you've gotta go to the bookstore and get all the graphic novels to answer all the unanswered questions you might have.
Here too.
I thought it was cuz local kids are out on Spring Break , but maybe it's something else.
Enjoy this beautiful fall day with a steamy plate of our Farmers Market Linguini!
I think your account has been hacked.
Callie will be presenting tonight to the Women for Social Innovation Award committee  keep your fingers crossed for me!
:
AH YOU ARE NOTICING SO MANY PEOPLE!
Could tonight be the night that my future boyfriend tweets me?
:
Will be heading off to BEA tomorrow, and for the next couple of days.
weird is a compliment!
aw it was funny :
I wish people could hide their fucking favorites.
Fucking bullshit.
RT this to make sure your RT still works
what's good
That would be an interesting stat to look up  though I'm sure it's never happened on clay.
So many permutations of this joke.
Calm Down, Finals Arent That Bad
huh?
I am in the upstairs of Argus.
I think.
Off to lunch
Psalm 145:16b You satisfy the desire of every living thing.
so what am I supposed to listen to in the morning?
Butterflies cant see their wings.
They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can.
People are like that.
I hate messy disorganized people 
Crazy awesome amazing chicken sandwiches.
Yeah fuck Maine, moving to Florida after graduation.
:
LeBron choked at the line.
Can we have a redo of Saturday's Seattle weather today?
Pretty please?
Some flies aggressively fly right into your face, repeatedly.
That's what it feels like when you talk to me.
Nothing productive is happening this period.
Let's be honest.
getmeouttahere 
Patron wanted to know where the photocopier is.
I feel like there is little to no emotion in the Brewers dugout!
I wonder what the clubhouse chemistry is like!
Don't miss THE ONE Storytelling Series Monday 4/11 at 7pm, Cyclops Bookstore, Baltimore
Made it.
ALMOST DUN WIT THE NOTEBOOK DEBUT ALBUM!
WRITE IN IT
Some people talk too much.
Don't date the most beautiful girl in the world,date a girl that makes your world the most beautiful
No.
Somewhere along the line my account was hacked.
Sorry for inappropriate tweet.
Hope you're having a better day than I am!
Thanks to from for stopping by the set today!
AccessScience is on twitter too
That's great to hear!
We're on the edge of our seats here haha
lol helping my sis get pampered for as job interview in the a.m
Isn't mister Bachmann already the Swiss miss in that couple?
comes on strong again tonight in the IowaDebate held : People should take the oath of office and the constitution seriously.
My shitty day was completely turned around :!
sucks I have to be at work in 3hrs .....nap time
my roommate was there in November and had a great time.
That being said, her family is from Burma so she had 'tourguides'
Thanks for the RT.
I feeling like the Cats are easily going to cover tomorrow.
Our theatre is electric with activities today.
CloudsdoctorzzlesPerfect reason to make some art indoors.
I does happen.
I had my first lead generated entirely by linkedin.
A new prospect connected with me in linkedin to get SEO consulting
Phil Humber congrats on your perfect game.
The LWS is kickin' off...looking forward to seeing some exciting startups!
Good to see the women are representing...
Awe, wonder and veneration are evoked by the magic of true beauty.
S.H.Sharpe
If laughter prolongs life  my class is immortal.
I'm not.
I've been watching bowl games.
What kind of stuff did he have?
lol noo.
They're all mad at us.
Mike, Rosy, Ronn etc
just met danny gokey at the air port!
best day ever?
uh, yes!
:D.
why is joe dirt trending?...
thru  thru :D
THX Katie you rock and GOOD LUCK and keep well and hope to see you again soon!!!!!!!
BE WELL!!!
: J
Bout time for some more ink.
The summer getting too close
Missed FF but hope you're week is off to a great start!
They're all the same, one just happens to be sanctioned.
35/mo for IDX is nothing compared to R's enhanced listings tax.
.
Great imaginations...
Hey.
Thanks for the comments.
I've already shot 10 more doctorm tutorials.
You've got me thinking about ones for horns now.
: awww my poor baby!
Hope you feel better love
Tell me when ur home so I know to get on
pens are coming out swinging in the third
RT: hope everyone is having a wonderful Labor Day weekend!
Jus left NEXT2NAKED BOIWHO STILL  all inside jokes She Bouncing video gonna be fye!
good morning tweeps
Food Safety: Grocery Store Bags
Watching horror movies with my daddy and Savanah.
3 Gotta lloooove horror movies!
ur a bad bitch arent you!
Thanks for letting us know!
If you ever have future problems w/ your reservation call 18664Zipcar.
DM us you Zipcard 
I know,like i wish everyone could meet him i really do but awhh i sure will!: if i go that is3
so u good now?
I'm here, but late.
Hello anyways!
CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy nickelodeon keeps hiring bad actors with connections to make shows nobody wants to watch?
Come to hall 8b  13:45 for the next du Soleil special performance  only two left before they go
Late breakfast with a cool friend.
3 more days until our exhibition!
Come see us at 7pm this Friday.
Meet photographer the Diego Huerta!
Our trip is booked to meet !
Thanks !
We Need All Ends Over Here
Catch all the college football action today at Joe's on Sullivan 1/2 off hot dogs and 3.00 6 pack wings
George Tooker Painting is an attempt to come to terms with life.
There are as many solutions as there are human beings.
Seeing Hunger Games in a few, making my parents take me Hilarious HappyHungerGames :
so sassy.
Hey guess what.
I started my own bucket list...
its very thrilling
In case you did not know Rocks!!
Thanks for your support!
A1 Leaders harness the voices of their employees by unharnessing them...scary as that may be.
well I'm in dexter at this ensemble/solo band thing.
Hopefully she will bring you one.
sounds good thanks!
let me know if you have some good recipes dude!
Reaching the Hispanic community isn't the right thing to do.
it's a smart biz decisionwe've got wallets; buying pwr.
David Chavez
There's always a real reason behind every just wondering.
whats that mean?
It's so hard to believe.
It always seemed like she was a god, an immortal.
Not just her words, but her.
Where is the internet waiting list?
At the end of the table.
Yawn.
I got nothing to do I might just take a long ass shower!!!
:
What's the new tat gonna be?
I recommend leveraging to boost the impact of your tweetsTY for initial inspiration.
slam dunk over two men...sick indiana
BOONDOCKS!!!!
Pimp Named Slick Back I believe you are suffering from B Dependency KMSL 
What was black is now blue.
Next time I hit you.
The punch will come so true.
That I will end you.
Me.
who tryna watch paid in full with me tonight??
KG ann 1
is hoping someone tells Desmond Bishop what tind the plane is landing in San Diego, so he can join the rest of the team for the game.
let's talk about it.
Send me contact info of who to talk with.
Thx for the note.
My family loves Mellow.
me and Mariah never said that happened...
You make up lies about me Sarah
I would like to just skip this day.
My eyes are really messed up/cant see out of my new glasses and headache.
Rt my relationship aint perfect , but i couldnt imagine going through the sht with anybody else .
Am trying to condition myself like a lab rat.
I only get food if I'm doing work.
Not working so far, seeing as I'm on Twitter.
What I cherish: visible evidence that a deeply valued friend is thrivingexternally and internally.
RT : The way we choose to respond to those against us says more about our confidence in God than our frustration with them.
CMSbased mobile solution allowed Hirshorn to move quickly with no budget
crazy.
cuz they were big plants.
like four or five giant bowls of lettuce.
and i only ever see one little rabbit around
hey cud u pls tell me.
is shes ol now :P
We're now sneaking a peek into Chief Scientist Amory Lovins house in Snowmass, CO.
im mean this one
jeez  40 minute windows update process, great productivity killer on a friday morning
Leadership development is about becoming the change you seek so make a change today!
Check out www.leadershiprising.com
Starting a 6am slow jog walking regime...should be fun : wish me luck!
gnite
The sound of military jets doctorwning out a presentation on Gold Rush and empire.
my fav cookie in the whole world will soon be available 1 mile from my house.
is now opening locations in SoCal!!!
m
Happy Valentine's Day!
Did you know the first recorded mention of VDay was by Geoffrey Chaucer in Parlement of Foules in 1382?
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Nicholas Murray Butler Have a great day
SometimesYouHaveTo Don't care about anything  take your time to rest!
Pure Glam x10 Bronzer is our most popular lotion!
So for a limited time only we will knock off 7 from the bottle price!
Mention this ad!!!
is correct...the new iPhone is blazing fast.
I'm digging it.
lol i bet you can
You ready for this!?
: wtf!
you got one right here!
: Marriage has ended
Mobile Adoptions today from 10am3pm  Clarks Pet Emporium Inc., 4914 Lomas Blvd NE
said ..betcha by the end of the song you like me..
And she was right.
Lmfaooooo do u like the captainon??
Weds would work out, there a particular time that works best?
in case you forgot  bombs kill.
IF IDF died  then they died in the line of duty and will be mourned by the entire world.
Dont wanna break your heart, I wanna give your heart a break.
I know youre scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake.
I need a nap
Whenever my dad forgets 's name, he says Play that one bad ass bitch that you always listen to, makin' me mod proud tho Pops.
Finna be on my college shit soon
Enormous Pigeons in the name of my next band.
I totally agree.
Although my ethics professorand most metaphysicists disagree...
Man If I Had A Chance With That Girl, Best To Believe I'd Treat Her GoodDamn!
Isn't that what Grandparents are for?
:p
haven't got em in yet but a friend has a pair and I seen em in person on Monday.
Ebay.
And we're off on RORHillDay, 2012 edition!
Well at least now when the Illinois head coach speaks, people will know for sure that it's the voice of a man
..I think the Broom Sheriffs depart needs to tell Jersey Shore that their cast is robbing stores in our area....
Anybody know when the Atlanta Zombie Walk is?
Or if it's passed?
how u doin?:
For sure...where you guys from?!?!
people who give you feedback on your software are not interlopers, they are your customers
Wishing my link a Happy Birthday enjoy your day love you
Haha.
I'm in Miami :
2.50 You Call Its Tonight!
Bulls  Charlotte 6pm
come home so we can start the weekend!
My moms gone CTFU !
your tweets never disappoint!
Class tonight at Collin College  I am ready to learn something new.
Excited to be following
you going to Honda?
done!
If only that could help you...
Friends are like boobs.
Some are big, some are small.
Some are real and some are fake.
10 of the Top 20 Kindle Bestsellers are Ed McBain titles.
90 off did the trick.
Still can't top Ms.
Collins though.
Three more months!
That Welcome To HTown Only thing i been playing since tape doctorpped fam
I loved you for the person you were, not for the person you are now.
Your life is a puzzle, don't waste your time trying to place people where they don't fit  Wiz Khalifa
Get your broadcast technology job  visit Ericsson, Edge, Alacritech, AJA Video Systems and other recruiters at the
yay !
Im writing a blog post about beauty on a budget
I always get a venti vanilla bean frap
Let Steve Jobs inspire us to believe in ourselves no matter what!
Hanging out w friends at chili's baby!
I havent cause I thought you gave it to
Clearly I spend too much time on my own...
reminds me of me being the high voice singing the pledge of allegiance, haha
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness.
Les Brown
Nothing kept me on the edge of my seat like RINGER Bring Back Ringer
I LOVE it!
Have fun, I'm jealous!
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
Peter F.
doctorcke
The more people you follow, the richer the experience.
that thing any good?
I am.
But my doctorve somewhere for spontaneous fun limit is approx 1000mi.
1286mi is slightly of my doctorving range.
Just barely.
wolf wolf!!
haha I was typing that!
I almost moved into a building at 15th and RI mostly so I could eat fried chicken at Crew Club
Im an emotional Roller coaster for sure one min im up the next im down SMDH
Currently picking my classes and making my senior schedule weird.
sleeping lol ....
been so damn busy lately sleep has not been an option!
Why what u up too??
Maker sure you mention us so we'll know that you did!
What up fam, follow back ya boy J Notez..
God Bless
Ugh were here ah
Follow for info on the 3/50 project and support locally ownedandoperated businesses!
Real TrashDolls buy local, think global!
Agree on Hickory, and on the south end, Shelby, with mountains in view and Bridges Barbecue.
:D Thanks for doing what you do!
Back home after watching two scoreless soccer games.
I may rob a bank just to get my heart rate up.
SOUTH STATION 3
I read some people's tweets these days and I just wanna be like what the fuck is wrong with this world
We are a perfect venue for weddings and rehearsal dinners!
We have no rental fee and can hold up to 240 visitors.
Call today:2643585
GG20 has a twitter!
you're a genius!
EVERYONE FOLLOW ME!
In the charging/networking room.
Someone come say hi!
Website launching soon!
Keep yer eyes peeled!
meant to say won't make it
Dylan told me that he doesn't know when kickin it is airing on israel but keep looking 4 updates on the channel Ok 
i feel ya on that, customer should always be satisfied!
But maybe the sun will brighten the color just like it brightens the day :
No ETA on having a doctorid app
WAIT YOU GET IT?!?!
YAAAYYY
We get so much rain in Portland Mowing the lawn isn't just a chore, it's one of the P90X DVDs.
Lakers vs Minnesota tonight!
90 minute jog before the kids' piano recital this afternoon?
Genius.
Get me a double espresso, stat!
you just gave up the most prettiest girl on twitter...shame....
Beat the heat  Pantera's Vulgar Display of Power still gives chills...
Getting ready for work :
monkey costume......
Enjoy the learning process that is part of any transformation.
Just ordered the last parts needed for my first HF Hamisterdio station, looking forward to a lot of fun w/ this.
: yes I am!
: with you theretaking pics and cheering me on
What's stopping you?!
RT : loved seeing Elisha  OU today!
still wishing I could go on every single Athena program!
Omg a spider!
Hi, little spider!
Come here.
I wanna pet u.
WITH A BRICK!
Good, nice, dead spider.
:
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Did you attend the F1 event?
they changed the start time to 3 this morning.
Happy Hump day facebook fans!
Have a great rest of the week!
This is so excellent.
I'd like the voice of this poem to be my
thank you for sharing this post!!
Hmm.....might just bust out the PS2 tonight for some good memories.
or....in charge.
I love the way you think swagg
deusexmachina dont get it twisted, do it proper
yes I can.
Peace n live my sistah holds up 2 fingas
whatwomenwant: we want you to learn how to give a massage!
So I'm actually moving to LA two days before the conference.
THAT IS MY LEVEL OF DEDICATION.
Today's magic relationship word is RESPECT
...and yes , our old twitter page is STILL SUSPENDED, HA!
so, this is gonna have to do for now  PLEASE RT!!
musicmonday thx
nuthin I'm goin to panama city not next week but the next and I was supposed to get them new js but they dont have my size
In line for !
mister results in: Chris Bosh does indeed have strained ab muscle.
Out indefinitely.
Pacers size advantage in that series just got a lot bigger
Thank you for the love : Have a beautiful Friday!
Karen, hope to see you Safe travels.
red, white,  blackout hahaha
Santorum haters beginning to emerge again.
Yes, I'm talking about and
Am I the only one that keeps misreading Gotye as Goatse?
I see goatse videos, goatse live, goatse interviews, and think well that's NSFW
RT NFC is an access technology, not necessarily restricted for payments Andoctorw Morris, Market Platform Dynamics
Hearing rain.
Knicks get D Howard  block BK.
Amare,Chandler/1st rounder from a 3rd team seems good right now if I were orlando
bring it on I'll pierce it
RT : All this fussing and fighting all for what?
If we always making up in the AM.
ONE follower away from 1200.
Who's it going to be?!?!
Georgie Left his mark on my acres each of the FOUR times he was Posted here  see my website www.HistoricFortMyer.com
did you master the moussaka?
Odalis Lopez, another great example of The Latina Effect.
A Latina making a positive effect on our community.
eLatina LatinaEffect,...
CONGRATS ON WINNING A BRIT AWARD.
YOU GUYS DESERVED IT!
3
Dave Matthews and Jack Johnson
Real baseball fans should hate ESPN, MLB network covers all teams with way better commentators...
Im fina add some things 2 my look!
I agree is awesome.
Those cyberbullies will get kicked in the shins if they're in front of me for playoff tix!
I've been an emotional wreck for like the past few months.
I cry over everything.
what a sweetheart!
were these for easter???
A big day ahead.
Church with the family, three baseball games between Ben and Nick.
Yeah, Baseball in 45 degree weather.
excited for the day that i can see the Lord's WHOLE plan and go, OH that's how i've been shaped!
myspace, smoking.
hey guys what up!
What up!
Juliet is alive!!!!!!!!!
And hurley should never have a gun...
Check us out at a week from tomorrow w/lilly hiatt  gonna be killer!
one week until i move away from Seattle to Vermont!
happy birfday, bro.
have fun.
Slauson says his surgically repaired shoulder is doing great, and think participating in minicamp is absolutely realistic goal.
make it!
New Tour: The Underground Rebels Tour ft.
Potluck, Kung Fu Vampire, DGAF  The doctor
SUPER BOWL!
Stock up today to miss the last minute rush.
Lot's of specials to make the commercial watching more fun!
The car that played Knight Rider wasn't evil, but its windshield wipers were.
Finished watching Nationals on Glee!
Omg I am bawling my heart out!
I love this show!
I don't want it to end!
NEWDIRECTIONWINNERS 333
High above the muckymuck is : where does her power come from?
It's GenderBenders at tonight!
ha when u said I see u Rebecca I thought u meant literally lol
there will be tickets available at the gate.
But don't wait too long, they will be going quick!
See u there!
RT the vac or the wife?
: : I have the same vacuum.I don't know how to turn it on.
Great example of the pwr of FB today.
Connecting back with old customers who sign up again  make sure you are keeping in touch!
My cluttered, makeshift office, surrounded by plastic toys and folded laundoctor which is stacked uncomfortably high.
histdetpbs Did not see NYT piece on Old Ironsides.
Got a link?
too little too late if you ask me.
Expenses: Internet 12, breakfast 9, dinner 12, waters 8.
Oh, no doctornks the whole trip but the deign session included 5 heinekens!
Nuggets getting lucky!
Listening to Bon Iver, reliving the show from last week with the rain, thunder, and lightning outside.
Perfection.
lol i knew it  but alright i shall.
Ur in houston right?
good news ...
None of the players have to go to school tomorrow because they all have pneumonia.
This followback bizz is like a black hole: Fun to read about but you get too close  you get sucked in.
Time to shut it down.
I hope your having fun!
Come back soon, cuz Texas misses you ; Well I love you Austin.
That's all :
what's the plan for the wkend you hitting T Relays?
just heard a Classic quote from Louisiana Pawn Stars, You're nuttier than a squirrel turd.
Back in Dallas!
Oh, I've missed it.
aln2011 Cable Green quoting David Wiley: If you are not sharing you are not teaching.
Jackie is mentally unstable...
the Emily Post of grad student socialization.
But with better shoes.
issues a challenge.
Find out your ROI/value in your org and report back in a year at the next
same little boy: my sister says can she have a sucker me: if she comes over here.
oh boy
Andy Haggard is for it, so I'd say it's going to happen.
RT FSU possibly 2 the big 12???
A 10/13/11 skincare workshop at Natural Balance Brooklyn, will addoctorss just that!
Samples, free demos  much more...Thanks!
For not telling me they weren't coming  leaving me alone I'm not gonna sign them in!
Trying to get back to to a normal work day but just keep thinking bout how I could be on Springer right now!
Oh come on!
I was gonna run up  down the aisles with my arms flailing wildly with the sirens going off.
Ruin my fun.
What else would you like to see on our salami and provolone waffle?
Not sayin it's not just fine on its own!
Reminder: God is good not only when He makes sense to us, but even when He doesn't.
Goodness is inherent in who He is.
thanks for the follow!!!
:
I love how you are night owl!
So love you girly!!!
You sounded amazing at the Pussycat performance
I get in Thurs night, but I'm just there to be a tour guide
But will anyone ever really use it?
I know I've tried, but lost interest because no one is there!
no complaints
Hey it's BK, But which Classic Rocker IS worth the price?
Some lame Hollywoodcelebs now have a hotline to talk to them for apprx 15/min.
i will help u out
Thank you for the RT!
i hope Nove brings his best nd get us a 10 lead ntht can be better than tht.
why the hell is it so hot

Who tryna hoop down broad head
A twit on twitter twice tweeted a tweet to a twitterer
lol you better not you will miss the concert
Want to learn about  how we're creating PGH jobs?
Join me on a live Google hangout on Friday w/
so how's it going...
The coolest rappers are a Tribe Called Quest even though the 90's is the decade that they killed it.
:O We got a situation!
Lol Is he cute?
Lmbo.
I really wish would show a character count on their Mac app.
Unless it's there and I'm just not doing it right.
yea why?
RT : Flavors of the Day for Saturday, December 19: Red Raspberry  Pralines 'N Caramel 'N Cream  YUM!
I'm so beyond livid.
It was just so methodical in planning, and where the slash hit.
And then the ramming into the boards.
UGH
Is Internet access a fundamental right?
Google David doctormmond said it was a fundamental right, and its very sad if its denied...
NYT
yay i love how they keep coming back!
nice work, lady!
dont call that
World Book Night?
I've somehow managed to not hear of this until today.
Sounds nice, though.
Anybody out there doing it?
we goin out tonight and sat.night we gon party even harder
Someone else livetweet tonight at nycswmg I'm pitching with tonight!
Thiz country haz already began the genocide of the BlackRace threat of being locked up for child support haz been effective
Sitting down is so nice sometimes...
:
Good morning follow me :
Love the podcast!
Hoping to make it out to LA for a meltdown show in the near future!
RT Jaimie Cloud is setting the stage talking about the systems thinking needed to shift toward sustainability.
Good stuff.
Great presentation going on for students from Joe Suarez from Students getting a ton out of his insight.
Frat boys screwed up on their scheduling date so we now have one bus available tomorrow night at deeply discounted rate.
4472446
RT FOR YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS AUSTIN!
Amen!
Gorgeous girls BTW.
I understand you completely.
The week before vacation time is always the longest.
And the Friday before vacation is the longest day of all.
Spring Special 6 free pairs of Jacques Estier socks with a purchase of any pair of shoes.
Call for details at 4106532266.
lol hate that.
White is the number 1 car colorprobably because it doesn't show dirt as easily.
But don't be fooled!
White cars still need regular washes.
RT Good days outweigh the Bad// singing and I I WONT COMPLAIN!!!
Blood flowin.
Awkward friday mornings.
Todays going to be a good day
Second!
RT : first to follow ?
meet the new waowtv sports director
Let's Go Rangers Take advantage of this power play
: Danger is my favorite for sure yea hes a badass lol
existence I have tried everything as well lol
dog Bella and Bailey our ANGELS because they helped my mother when she was in need the most after losing her husband of 30 yrs.
All you can eat Tapas BAD IDEA.
Everywhere you look!
There's a fine line between the Method actor and the schizophrenic.
lol hey tee
Add me to the list of the fatigued....
Which location do you frequent?
The employees didn't know about our special?
Please let us know.
Thanks!
Got any specials tmo after work ?
Inviting a group of friends and I want to entice them...
My Lab does the same thing!
She usually tries to get on TOP of the book too...
where was the first date?
I should get up and cut the grass before my tenants party, but I'm sick and don't feel like it.
Happy Birthday Marty!!
: And Brodeur wins on his 40th birthday.
Zomg, is it really you?
Or an ironically accurate spam bot?
I'm unexpectedly and totally loving Heather Morris's doctorss!
And her hair is perfect for it too!
Back on the running train after reading /'s very convincing article and setting up my new MOTOACTV.
thatss good to know , i was just beingg frank about it.
I wish I could turn my DM box off
Text Me :
I check the website every day for the I Love KC shirt :
do you want all of the band numbers?
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James McNeill Whistler
RT : Happy New Release Day!!!
Make sure to come  pick a copy or two.
Help a local band make some national waves!!!
her maternity/nursing gown is great, as is the wrap top!
you're just preparing yourself for the Viking's upcoming season.
nice to meet your ugly ass sweater this weekend.
What up Atlanta?!
Jerod Weaver!
Angels!
Love it!
truetuesdays prompt no.
3: making critical decisions posted: marylandvoices.com/?p36
Your website looks awesome, Caesar.
Bravo!
Have a grest show on Monday!
Last night had first exposure to Pinky and the Brain.
I am reborn.
Don't call or text me, or I'm snapping....
is photoshopped into that there foto?
The Boss's ode to 9/11 firefighters:
I haven't tweeted in a long time
I wish everybody thought like you
only if they have Netflix sized fail.
They're really hot right now
you'd leave me anyway to go to uncsa :/ wahhh
the next time you do ur church announcements let jesus is the answer for the world today be ur come in song!!
HEY!
Our show with Arsonists Get All The Girls is coming up this Friday at Studio 21!
We have tickets.
GET SUM SUN.
: Enjoying reading all the seramta12 updates.
Keep 'em coming!
And have a great time : musictherapy
Why would I send MYSELF the stuff ifit was me
yay to coming home to an empty house with a trunk full of groceries in the
Wells Fargo sent me an unsolicited piece of mail for an undergraduate private loan.
They are just a little bit late on this.
yea only the previews
You're welcome!
tonight at expo5 puts boots to asses on the smooth one...
mister00 no regret no surrender
Join me and share What I Love About America with all that you love help feed a wounded Vet and family rickeyleewatson.warriorsupport.us
Where the fight was haha
Sunday plans?
Good chance of rain  even so, great free event .
.
the annual La Mesa Antique Street Fair..
food, music, deals.
Yeah, I am good for the most part.
Miss AZ occasionally.
i love u wit all my heart
Morning wake up in Jerusalem a 7 AM, breakfast, a neighborhood tour, and then the Kotel.
All followed by Shabbat w/
Oh, and by the way...
now let the Christmas celebrations begin!
50thingsihate when I follow people and they don't follow back!
Lol.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Chicago Pizza And Oven Grinder  Italian
Her name is Miranda Leek.
I'm was born in Turkey but moved to the USA when I was six :
so intrigued by your vegan menu!
any other hints about what to expect?
I ate all the Frusen Glädjé ...
and I'd do it again.
Lionslucky not to get beat worse last night.
Stafford constantly threw into double/triple coverage  finally got burned
Thanks for sharing, Kaleb!
spam him with cheeky things?
Yea!
Upset city!
fax machine?
...and come with me instead!
:
My doctoram is you to notice 've tried so hard but you haven't.Every morning I wake up thinking 'this can be the day'.Is It?
I say this almost every day, but ye gods I love my job.
srsly.
thank you do much!
Love you!
doing BSchool with you, looking forward to it!
xo
Oh!
It means cat.
id like to say that I do smell better than the 400level men's rooms at MSG.
nice work now if could get some sponsors going!
I just don't know if I'm emotionally ready for that kind of commitment...
Doing great!
Living the doctoram as a freelancer in San Diego.
Good rec on now, stoked for both your tweets!
follow please?
FITTED CAP ON ;
BVEN Boutique has much more resale!
New items added daily to fit your budget!
We are looking for fine resale for consignment.
Contact...
: Heros eventually die.
CyHi Heroes eventually die horoscopes often lie Y nothin is for sure nothin lasts forever
dude, I live in Wisconsin and they are awful.
Gotta check our dogs daily!
Especially check their ears!
the best thing about stuffing cash into random places in my wallet is the surprise of finding it later.
truth is, you're annoying and i hate you.

I should at least make it there for a lunch and/or reception.
We should plan to meet up.
When yea team is a 99 in Madden Ultimate Team
Happy Birthday!!!
I would use a sarcasm emoticon if science ever developed one.
Hey, I just met you  this is crazy but here's my number, so call me, maybe :D
'whos playing music?' 'i am and if you dont like it you can kiss my entire butt' LOL Gotta love misterconrad ;D
good idea...
Did you get the fan?
I'm getting inebriated just reading that.
you still think Kstate is a top 5 team?
Same reports came out of Denver Friday and AZ Sunday

Thanks for the laughs!
Well, both.
Somewhere nice to go, but delicious too.
I'm enjoying my coffee and the prospect of another day above freezing in Chicago while my Texas people get snowed on again.
Tried the 3D glasses from last night.
Truth?
I'm sold.
Much more comfortable than the bulky specs you get at the theater.
SHUFFLING SHUFFLING AT OUR DANCE OHH YEAH :
Should I even go to sleep??
I'll be up in 5 hours getting ready to move.
Fml hm
There's only 1 reason to hide your  in offshore accounts  tax evasion.
That's the Republican's candidate .
Nuff said?
Go check out on their tour of the southwest and deep south
I wanna do kick boxing
I'm ready!!
Weather is going to be Sunny and reservations are piling in!
Love it!
good to see tonight.
Glad to she is doing well.
And she is not just any SLAM.
has anyone else noticed the awesome team that has put together in Indy?
Harrell returns in the circle for Virginia Tech in relief of B.
Liddle.
Hokies up 41 after 5 complete.
Change is hard because people overestimate the value of what they have and underestimate the value of what they may gain by giving that up.
I was following before  hope sxsw has been a blast!
Honored to have 's support and endorsement!
President calls Lori 'fiercely principled'.
Oh yeah, this storm is here.
Windgusts, I feel you.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Mark Twain
Gateway Mortgage specializes in the Section 184 Money Saving Native American Home loan Program in New Mexico
Join us tomorrow for a Coffee Seminar.
We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects flavor.
11a.m.noon
Great feature story on NFL player safety!
RT The Jan/Feb digital issue of Leader's Edge magazine is available now!
Helen standing by
Mommy when I get home ..we going to get a mani and pedi..and some good retail therapy 
ur name is allison?
I thot it was Neda?
thanks for the follow, congrats on your books...15 novels is quite impressive!
No food since Friday.
No water since 9 pm last night.
Naturally, then, my roommate and his visitors are talking about FOOD!
rofl
i cannot motivate myself to go take a shower right now!
intenseworkout :o
FourFaced Liar is a pretty good movie for an indie flick.
An that is why mls is still a rubbish league.
Not like I won't take it
I wish i could say the same : lol
Take a short vacation Kelly.
You'll be okay.
Kelly Holiday.
come join me and squidward in NYC tomorrow.
We're stopping at top shop
I need new fringe sandals.
Weredoigetthem ?
this sounds about right RT : Dubstep  A rap battle between the autobots and decepticons
Plenary speaker Steven Johnson will sign his books  the EBSCO booth after the McGovern Lecture.
Bring copies if you have them.
time is going by so slowly...
I just got to the part in CTFxC when you come in....I LOVE the new look!
3
NEVER FORGET......
At Red Rock, there are no long term contracts to sign.
We do business differently.
To learn more visit www.gowithredoctorck.com or contact us!
IndyColts for Hard Knocks in '12, HoF QB working way back, 1 pick as back up, coach/execs/Def.
issues w/ national interest!
??
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
I have been following recovery  sending prayers, but I missed what happened to you...
Glad ur getting better!
Thanks!
Geez!
'bout time!
Pretty sure I just saw a homeless guy A/B testing his signs.
Picked one out from a stack of four or five.
wiunion Well Waukesha County?
Milwaukee bigger and better.
It makes few errors; has fast election results.
Barret our city is
BUT IM HUNGRY AS FUUUCK
Shady Team ..
follow this fan page for more information..
seriously ...
you do?
Still riding the highs from convcon last week...good stuff!
Still cant believe the war I saw between H  Undertaker  Wrestlemania!
Watched the encore still got goosebumps!
Boarding time for my flight is 11:00, and I started packing at 10:25.
We appreciate you sharing your cancer journey, even if it's painful or frustrating.
Bio box: Texas Christian cornerback Greg McCoy  Chicago Tribune
It's not quality it's quantity
Lord, I want to yearn for You.
you're back!
o and you're still coming on that mini vacation with me in virginia  :
Ah!
why dose school have to be on Thursdays !
D;
10 mins left in the First and the Bulls have the majority of the chances, but no score.
what of Socrates?
have u ever met Vince or Bret?
Ugh i hope ACT will clear my mind from dis shit
I work the same.
Have fun setting up your courses.
Would love to hear what you think as we enter the school year.
the hard times make the good times good luv u
uhh the smacking is just
This will be good!
: will be talking about kitchen design on March 25th at 11am on Pier 94.
Pls join me.
was good homie lets work
my dog is humping my teddy bear...
the Yankees...
Jackwagon!!!
I'm a model recruiter.
We are seeking females for paid modeling/video work.
Do you want details?
Honda Australia Announces New Pricing On The Accord Range
Good morning Charlotte north carolina !!!!
Good morning every one...
rappersbetterthansouljaboy Wait ..
Wait ..
Wait for it .
.
Everyone .
.
Roger Ressmeyer, photographer to Jefferson Starship is speaking on a panel for us today!
: Lol thanks!
Is there any way you could maybe DM me and I'll reply back with my password for the clear side board thingy?
:D
Good point!
Nice choice!
Had first breakfast taco ever!
M.
atxunscripted is expanding my food knowledge.
I miss your beautiful face 3
you are an insparation I appreciate the way you run your jail.
You might also ask: Do we give our faculty permission to be foolish as well?
How to incite play at other levels?
17th birthday.
this year is going to be awesome
happy birthday Liju!
I'm blessed to know you!
you're def my fav sports fan on Twitter lol.Hope u have a really awesome day!
MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Just Dance
I am too old to have JustinBieber and OneDirection going through my head most of the day...
Dude.
That's some serious George Jetson clicking.
This Week in Sporting tonight on 810 at 7 w Taking your calls  talking to the one  only, le capitaine
I may not always be right but im never wrong.
:P
wow that was really nice
I love the hell out of bluebonnets  was a pretty great part of my day too butcoveringthemwithturkeybloodwouldhavebeencooler :
walmart announces 50 car w Bill Elliott behind the wheel to celebrate its 50th anniversary at July 7 Daytona race
In the case of tht we should juss end cause it's all my fault wat a fuckin sad case with the bullshit
We enjoy this illusion of continuity, and we call it memory Tom Rachman, THE IMPERFECTIONISTS
The Grammys...suck, so far.
1001 members on AAUW Facebook group  what a milestone!!!
I WANT SOME CORN BREAD
Checked sink.
No Quiñones but oddly enough Keith Morrison from Dateline was totally camped out down there.
Easter is here!Remember,chocolate is toxic to dogs,lilies r toxic to cats,E.
grass if ingested can cause problems that require surgery
I hate losing...
my mom is beating me in Scrabble
RIP  Harry Morgan..
RT : playoffs?
P p playoffs?!
I'm concerned if we can win a game and you're talkin about playoffs??
still an mvp!!
see u saturday
Thank you, love:
Bout to start my essay on macbeth
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 83
where are you?:o
Are some good people out there
AFRICA I SWEAR IF YOU DO NOT STOP CALLING ME OMG, I DO NOT HAVE ANY MONEY FOR YOU I'M SORRY JUST LEAVE ME ALONE GHOT DAYUM
good good just chillin!!!!
can u DM me plz
Our greatest triumphs often come at the heels of our most painful failures.
RT
Special thanks to HoneyBaked Ham and for their generous donations to our Youth Choral Festival!
What's around the corner?!
A doublewhammy 4 your candy, that's what!
SouthBay 5pm CardioFlow 6pm BarWorks!!
Sounds nice, I miss NYC foot pedi  massage RT : Best part of being to airport early is foot massage before my long flights
Good night everyone!!!
ALMOST HALLOWEEN!!
My 7yo grandson asked, Do you think there has ever been an apocolypse in an alternate universe?
RT AllDay Happy Hour every Monday.
3 doctorft Beers, 3 Wells, 4 Wine, 45 Small Plate Specials.
Happy Monday everyone.
I have no comment...
the fun continues today.
Learned so much for my clients this week, wow.
Hating mondays wit a passion..anyhow its off to da gymhoopa session
Feel like I've been a bit out of the loop, but 4 the record, Lauderdale is beautiful  I'm so happy 2 b here.
Hope u can visit/stay soon :
My cilantro plant is dying fast.
Only 3 days until Théâtre Tout à Tracs Alice in Wonderland joins us at The Hillman.
Get your tickets before theyre all gone!...
I really can't relate to your vovo
I wish those birds would quit shitting on my car
Did they just call Ohio State a poor man's Kentucky?
Shut cher mouf
Has there been an effort to document the sanitary conditions in the park?
Pictures would be a good way of showing this.
haha why did you have to say brother but yea I got you
Rumspringa goes on at approx.
6pm!
Hope you can make it back from Indio!
May 2,1922:Churchill encouraged Michael Collins to be conciliatory toward Ulster, firm with Republicans.
Collins also getting arms from US.
Happy Gameday!
On the way up the 1265.
I'm looking for something, ...or maybe someone.
I want one of those shakes!
yes it does.
blech.
Haha : Thank you.
Your blog is Great!
Full of Outstanding content!
Keep up the Great work!
Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
:
Wishing a Happy New Year to the whole foursquare community and all my lbschat tweeps.
Catch ya'll on the flip side DF
congrats Flo!!
Last day of work before baby is born!!!
are u trying to kill us?
Lol ;
My mom doctorsses like a 20 year old.
That's not cool.
Really disturbing to me.
Why did Fergie just ruin one of my fav songs ever?!?
Hammer  legend
thank u 
Can't wait to see you in Waco this weekend?
Its not even my birthday :
Poetry prompt due tomorrow.
Working with letter g.
Just realized the prompt is j.
What to do?
Too late, too tired.
Where have I been?
Football season is here
checked out the app tonight during lakers game.
Very cool/addictive
Fantastic!
Please reach out to my colleague Noelle and she will take care of you.
Or msg me ur email.
yet for some reason u keep replying.
I get it.
U need the last word to feel good about yourself, even if the word is nonsense.
NIST SP 80053 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration.
NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls
I'm having trouble seeing oloimega tweets I think.
I'm guessing there were a lot more than 2 of them in the past hour.
im ganna inbox you message
Not prepared for all this.
dear sorry for being so behind on responding.
it's just been that kind of week.
will have all u need by Monday, promise :
Yes it is.
RT : The greatest logo ever, of any team, of all time!
One more hour and I'm out of here.
Thank you for the FF!
Today's Special: Grilled Italian Sausage w/Peppers  Onions on a Stadium Roll.
Soup of the Day: Lamb Stew.
How are you?
Hope everything is ok.
Now its time to buy Florida Properties.
Market is stable on an extreme low level since 2011
Working on establishing best practices for oral history in a digital age.
Girls with long hair 
The only thing I'm happy about is that Derek didn't die.
If these weekend chores will simply vanish, we might start on the ones that were left behind.
agreed big time, not so classy is what I think...
Big swinging leg kick on Aoki's swing
Man , Island grill canceled for tonight , it's been too slow in the Keys this week.
things WILL get better , I'll just enjoy the time off
lmao sick T yo can i meet you when u come to nyc i live in bk
The agony is over.
Flyers Moving on!
damn u gotta fix that C Lowe haha 21 on 8/24 not a good look!
Loll
I get irritated when someone says because of RaP Music this or that happened!
NO..rap dont make YOU do nothin..its the person
no problem, it was the least I could to help the cause.
Cancer has stricken my family too, wish I could do more
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I get ya ahaha
ONELINER: Don't be sexist.
Broads hate that.
I'm going to kill my pillow if I don't finish this algebra study guide tonight :/
how you gonna warm up the pep thang
When life hands you lemons, throw one at a moving car, then feel super awful about it and go to church and confess about it enthusiastically
america's looking forward to you :
It's time to get our Rally, Madison!
Rally to Recall Walker on Nov.
19th.
Woohoo!
I just spent half at day at iste11 talking with my peers about education apps.
I'll post my thoughts this week on the blog
Will do.
Let me know if you have any other questions too!
Ready to watch the Grammys I hope the true artists win tonight
Thnx lex I'll miss ya!
We will def kick ass and take names for beach fest
Hunt: we based our response on stereotype that Serbs and Muslims will always be fighting.
yes, and when snookie gives birth on12/21, jessica will still be pregnant.
Go Yankees!!
Tough loss tonight
Let's GO Jermaine!!
Listening to Luther Never Too Much right now, time to start boo loving with someone
The soft light is mine.
Is this a remote position, by chance?
Michael Carroll, American University talking about open access policy: wants copyright to do its job.
never left big head
Hello twitter word..not i gotta get me some friends
I thought I was sick of hot weather, until I woke up shivering
One request for my future son or daughterinlaw, please take over the cooking
As bad as the Celtics have played, they're gonna win this game by 10
Who playing ?
No problem.
Watch out for dem Bills
Never have I ever thought that someone could make my love life a living hell.
Everytime I look at a guy I think of you.
Express Lube can benefit your business through our Fleet Service.
Visit www.expresslube.com for more information.
Lots of stuff on sale for the summer.
Hit us up, we'll get it to you quicker than quick.
I saw the exhibit on Saturday.
Fantastic!
lazy fact 7256452565156897; you were too lazy to read that number.
;
Who Tf Would Come To This Lil Axs Town, For This Lil As Fish Fry .?
' If This Tha Worlds Biggest Fish Fry Then I Wuld Hate To See Anoth ...
lmao I had like 3 nightmares about it
Lol yea they most certainly are
heading to Austin this wknd  any must see shows?
mudmelt and Berrie uses a lot of tech to analyze the colors.
Learns that Venetians painters using materials meant for potters.
Sure thing!
Hope to see you in a few weeks!
I'm shooting for a personal best of rumpustonap in :03.
RT : I have a theory that a lot of people have written white papers but nobody ever read one.
OMS2012 nice  misterting gone bad
you are welcome
Let the countdown for next weekend begin!
Overheard 2 police officers discussing the occupywallstreet march saying this is the only overtime I get thinking they want us to keep on
think one way when it's this way and think another when it's that way.
which is it?
or have this and that totally changed?
The Hell in a Cell Undertaker is dominating too much Triple H could win!
Its getting coudly dark in houston is about to rain
Truth  : Treat everyone with respect.
The one you might need in the future, could be the bum you disrespect today.
Sad day to be a Hoosier...
Embarrassed by the message we just sent.
Thank you Honorable Richard Lugar for your many years of service.
thx : : My heroes are women who do what they need 2 for themselves  their families w/o fear  my mum
A COD game looks pretty good to you?
Color me shocked.
:
Congratulations to Bruce Thompson recently elected to the national NBMBAA Board.
We know you will represent Milwaukee well.
LOVE IT!!!
Using it 2 times a day and i am pretty much having a love affair with it.
Metaphor and Myth,  any powerful cultural narrative enriches engagement.
Thank you
followfriday?
Thanks for the Twitter schooling :
not all grandmas..
Just yours and s
milk and cookies 
I wish I had a group of friends like in
I like the 7p rule :
What's next for Money Makeover?
An employee money makeover!!
Judy Walz, Sr Vp Vystar
Interested in Levinas?
I'm talking about the Carnets de captainvite at 3:30 in Potomac G!
Dallas most Wanted album we doin tryna get as many dallas artist on it get at me on da biz tip got beats u kan pick from
I'm nervous about our performance on Thursday   Zaona
Come watch your action tonight against the White Sox at 7pm.
3 garlic fries  2 bud light doctorfts during the game.
I AM A SPECIAL BOY
man you get any shirt you want.
bad news: they only come in t1.micro.
good news: very elastic :
Happy Easter to all my Tweet Peeps!!!
Im becoming a boxer...
RT : After Pay Per View cut, Mayweather is making about 47M tonight.
That's 1.3M per infight minute.
Just learned that 3 of our corps members accepted positions at Milwaukee College Prep for next year!
Congrats!
its a song honey
Just signed up for www.Ping.fm !
Time for hyperspeed social networking.
idol  Jessica seemed more focused and poised to redeem herself.
Power and vocal beauty made for a strong, excellent performance.
Yesterday was easily my best day off in 2012 so far!!
what a day
You know you're a douche when 90 percent of your fb pictures are you with your sunglasses on
yeh babe, just let me tweet this first WTF are you thinking?
Perfect Pho weather ...
I HATE YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO U R!!!
AND IF U DONT U SHOULD!!!!
: What ailed Mass.
doesn't necessarily ail the other states in the nation.
RT he last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances.
Victor Frankl
do it do it do it omg
The awk moment when fran has a bf and thinks shes gonna marry amanda's sexy ass brother...
Well that's disappointing.
I will..
if she even comes.
Its just me and two other person here haha
My boyfriend is taking mad long 
That is the most horrible thing I've ever seen.
I'm so embarrassed to be a human.
RT Are you a local San Diego County Resident?
Logon to www.hometownpass.com and ride FREE with a paying adult guest!
To be successful, the first thing to do is fall in love with your work.
am I following you?
Just walked into Bartells and bought a candy bar, a coke, and an extra large rubbing alcohol.
Clerk looked at me weird.
I said Dinner.
hahahahah didn't catch that.thanks
RT : SM is different than other media channels.
Its about relationships, recognition, engagement, value, and help.
I super miss
I got the 150 word articles done.
Now on to the 300s.
I got 10 of those to do.
Wow it's never ending.
I love her just as much as she loves me
At least i can see my other one friday at EKU!
life is too hard, but JUST TO SELENA GOMEZ MAY EXCEED MILLION THINGS!
state testing again tomorrow.
Woohoo.
Not.
is now on Pandora Radio!
Check it out: www.pandora.com
Beautiful night in Pittsburgh for Steelers football.
The clear night and 50 degrees will
Nothing like coming home from a long, boring day of school to the smell of eggs.
Ya me entumi e
Few people know that Herbie Hancock got his nickname because he Goes Bananas.
'bout what?
so I can assume you're getting the electrolime foams??
Is there a list or 1st come 1st serve?
well I can imagine it being really emotional.
: gotta say, i Fcking love my life.
hope you feel the same about yours.
you deserve it.
thank you mama!
I needed this!
Kiss
New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Radley Scott.
Get ready for the new series everyone is talking about.
Coming April 2012
Looking forward to a boring weekend
I hate being alone.
I'm glad we both have great taste
I love your avatar picture, sugar!
That's cool that ur mom is ur dentist XD I bet u say I have an appointment next week with my mom lawl
I did not, but I will!
Thanks for the heads up.
The guy is incredibly intelligent and has a fresh way of looking at things.
Its really sad to hear that Gary Carter has died.
R.I.P
Wait, people in college smoke marijuana?!?!?!
That's news to me goducks gettinghigh and
Night night
It was more of a jam session but very good...
The biggest fools in America are those who believe racism ended in the Sixties or the Nineties or when Obama was elected.
aw man better hurry up and get home so we can get that cheese before midnight
Hey Whats Up?
Beauty comes from within.
Ron Paul ends speech with I believe we can restore America.
Crowd chants President Paul
Still trading at Charlie Martin Stadium.
22 Rampage 15, 4 mins left.
Gm tweethearts up early at the hairdoctorsser!
haha your such a creep you know that : love u!
33 haha i feel bad, were like spaming zayn's feed thingy
I'll watch the start, but only probably like an inning : got plans
Went zip lining this morning.
Mentally preparing for dinner tonight
you know I was close two years in a row.
I really would think that show would do well here.
What the hell this character is just not coming to me.
My kid is.
Nudist.
Check out Real PR Media on Facebook to hear Little White Church sing to oncology patients at Childoctorn's.
HappyFeetTwo !!!
Such a cute/ awesome movie
The TV annoncers are talking about how great Mike Smith is but the Coyotes Defense has been stellar tonight.
it was our pleasure!
Hope to hear from you soon.
Enjoy the cupcakes and HOPPY Easter!
Everyone told LSU it didn't matter if they lost, what If it does
Should schools be required to teach cursive writing?
IN schools aren't.
Watch testimony now in.gov/legislative
My Mom Said I Can Party As Hard As I Want When Im 21!!:
RT : Teach kindness, not greed.
Occupy Wall Street sign
one of you should come today to Beth Johnson park.
We will be marching against the war on woman from 125 pm
everybody follow she is new to twitter plz : she follows back everytime
doctorma huh?
:P
HAPPY Thursday!
No sad stories please.
you should follow he's a great singer and look him up on YouTube he has an amazing voice his name is Dylan Hyde !
Come in to Bath  Body Bistro and show us your green and get 15 off your entire purchase!
I like how my sisters known as the one with the butt and I'm known as the one with the boobs.
some tax invasion lol can't run from IRS in united states
I did find time, an espresso and some leftover baguette pan toasted with cheese.
Not great but it'll do to be going on with
Seeking a Sr.
Environment Artist for my A RTS studio.
Hit me up if you're interested 
You mean you think it won't be or that it shouldn't be?
If it shouldn't, then what album should win?
Just grubbed a grip.
March 18th 2012.
who knew I'd be sitting in this recliner thinking of you.
youve done a remarkable job at UP, Coach Rev OSU Beaver fan in PDX who loves supporting the local kids
You're here in Twitter and in spirit!
Lemon Grove looking into social media, Facebook and Twitter.
Or as councilman Jerry Jones called it: Tweeter.
10favouritebands THE WANTED
I was way hotter than him anyway.
Ha ha ha
Thank God for the sun today!!!
:
Lmfao RT : We was there at 1055 lol RT : y'all not getting there before 11 now that's Bs Uhuh
What is it about your job that fulfills you?
Girls are heartless.
thanks Joey
We are looking for a few great partners/ bloggers on our latest project.....
if you would like to network with us this season please dm!
I have a snuggy..it has skulls on it.
That unlames it.
hehe ik i just wanted to say it :
You're the man Adoctoran!!
3
Country artist DierksBentley performs at the Sixth  I Synagogue on 5/20!
Exclusive opportunity to purchase iconic NYC establishment with air rights/approved plans to build a luxury condo.
DM for info
idknoo him.
But he just started talkin to me.
Ntertania Nights Saturday Edition...
Downtown Cincinnati!
Find me, stop me, ask me to take your pic, get a 10 gift card!
so overwhelming when i realize just how truly blessed i am!
i LOVE my life  EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN IT!
funny how wonderful things work out!
I know glad you liked it
harm probably not.
Do I want to see them in my feed and have to block users constantly?
Nope.
Good luck Eleanor:
Live, learn, and LIVE some more...
Life is way too short!
Prime Time?
That's not for Elite squads!
ROSELLA and RESONANT SOUL are coming to THE BREAKFAST CLUB FEB 26th!
More new songs and new ENERGY to follow!
Leff: Sustainability is about deconstructing economic rationality
aww your so sweet
I love you too Lissy!
xo

speaking now.
Referencing her background with Reagan,the business community,values and Latinos.
I look forward to watching your organization develop!
I wouldn't be surprised, there were tons of dick doctorwings at the end.
I think there was a mister T that was pretty funny.
New Steelers 3rd jerseys come out today at 430
ok.
And why did u need me to get on Wattpad on a computer?
We could just message each other.
A girl should never forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.
Madoctord and Sevilla for Easter break!.
Time to get your hair done?
Were providing transportation for our clients to St.
Thereses today for haircuts!
FREE dining  massages at the 510 PLO 500 uncapped game on the Plaza Level.
Thank you..btw..sent the video at the Sexy Organic show to NYC...you had a good walk..will update you on selections!!
Happy NY
Haha RT If everyone is thinking alike, someone isn't thinking.
George Patton
Going to be legendary
I need some entertainment
i know the press is really harsh sometimes!
but we're all doing well, thanks for asking!!
Did you know today was National Take Our Daughters  Sons to Work Day?
At The vanguard waiting for doc martin
Practice was decent asL
At home at the end of the day boots are the way.
The feet say finally!
the dog's psyched cuz' it means he gets a walk.
not officially together, but eventually will be.
You know you're a nerd when your best friend leaves you a hurried, excited voicemail about the release of Wolfenstein 3D to the Internet.
u guys are so funny !
Too busy thinking.
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
The Pour: Buying Local Wines: Does the Idea Travel Well?
Bumpin to Trina Single Again, y the right song always seems to come on at the right time :
This waitress at TGI Fridays is a real See You Next Tuesday.
true true
wait....
Raffle???
VIP passes passed?
Didn't see it happen?
Only when you are willing to be fully responsible for your life can you be truly confident in your efforts.
RT
thanks for giving me the sweet doctornk pics to wake up to
MUSTFollow and thank you
About to head into a serious meeting with Christy Turlington and some supermodels.
Man, am I wasted!
hey whats up how are you
sad to see one of our neighbors go.
We will miss their food and the people.
Good luck to everyone at Mangiamo Pronto!
Helps to be on the right side lol.
Sounds like fun!!!
Day 4 of mff2011 who's excited?
Find me tonight at The Oriental at Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life and Buddha Mountain.
See ya there!
Love is a necessity to life
thanks for the apology.
i got my problem fixed, but could have done w/o the rudeness  blaming me for the issues i was having.
aight g...
just hit the email
sounds like a plan!
Last class  taught.
Giant apples.
Outside University College.
Follow back please.
Im new
how many people watched the Super Bowl this year?.
I don't own a tv but I'm at adage's social tv conference.
hm.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
W.
Somerset Maugham
Hey Trina, have a safe trip
Oh  3D scanning for rock art and infield delicate objects/features.
That sounds great!
Virtual Arch
anyone know if the instawalkraleigh is still going on?
if so, for how long?
Happiest of New Years to you Joey, Linda, Lucy and all your loved ones.
Be healthy and prosper.
LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU!
the half, yes!
You?
i have no idea what im doing!
I've submitted as potential presenter.
Is there time table for notification on that?
I will book a table if not selected.
Ice and Coco
good luck!
I hate that it's the norm now for socalled media sites to just republish press releases.
Where did all the journalists go?
thats the lion king
..the playoffs, things like this year can happen.
I'm in my training for Executive Team Leader of Assets Protection for Target.
I have about 5 more weeks til I get certified.
Ah......feeling like a whole new human after this weekend!
It was great seeing many of you!
AND meeting some new folks.
:
OldSchoolLunch my favorite part of the day thanks to and
Can you follow me please?
good night, i love you so much, I'm proud of be SIMPSONIZER sweet doctorams, i'm proud of love you:
The things on my prayer list are about my future not my today.
I pray to be a good wife  I'm single

well come n get me I'm tired and get Kay carseat out my car n his book bag 2 n him a sausage mcmuffin he don't ride 4 free 
FaveAvenger From the movie, captainin America.
But from the comics, the Vision or Quicksilver.
I just really need a cheeseburger.

every girl is a freak, just takes the right guy to bring it out.
happy bday fam...hope u have a good one!
he makes young childoctorn sex slaves and soldiers and make them kill their parents over 30,000 kids.
Looking forward to chatting fashion w/  the always entertaining TONIGHT at 8:15pm PT tune in!
np Til the cops come knocking  Maxwell ;
Hold the fuck up!
Mc Chicken Combo with large fries, cheeseburger on the side and a doctor Pepper Please :
the time haves come
Escape From the Cubicle Nation by Inspiring!!
Good morning tweetplugs!!
Does Montana have an instagram?
its all good!
Make sure you stop in tom and I hope you dont mind n following you too.
I added you on
I'm officially sixteen.
What now?
NUMBER ONE RULE : DONT EAT MY FOOD !
There has never been a better time to be a writer or filmmaker.
HD, eBooks, CreateSpace, iPad apps, Photoshop...
Congratulations!
May I bask in the glow of your hipsterness?
Hipsterness by association?
Long.
Then again, what Monday isn't that way?
MB V.I.P is like 115 so if u didnt pay that......
U AINT GOT VIP TIXS!
it's pretty upsetting.
This is not good
statue or winners medal, I'll take a statue
Natl archives case study.
Wanted real time interaction w real people in exhibit
Nov27th Nation Wide live streaming event look for great artist in LA
lmao that place still open i miss them fuckin fries
Can anyone help me find out about triathlons and running races in the Philippines?
Thanks!!
:
Hey!
I would love to feature on LadyBallers, you think she would be interested?
: have fun!
lol...Can't Stop, Won't Stop .
Is that in response to you checking out the mix?
Please follow: if you are a fan of Cody Simpson!
: She follows back!
S/o 2 4 stopping by
Ask lindsay if she knows how set a g shock.
Time to roast up some new beans from Brazil!
Fuck my new bowl broke
Getting ready to present the webinar: The Marriage of Mobile and Social Media for
Not sure how I feel about this...
crazy live Tweeting brain surgery NOW.
Congratulations!
That indeed is quite an accomplishment.
Hi new followers!
Make sure to introduce yourselves!
We won't bite....
Swoon.
He is so adorable!
I want you, I can't lie
i make the best!
But I can't..
because Im still in school :
Our in home doctorer vent cleaning and mattress cleaning applications can help create a more hygienic living environment for your family.
we might need those for katie and Lithuania tonight
Even though all my tweets are, technically, personal, this one feels even more so.
My dad and Gene Kelly were both Steelers fans.
Jukagee in Bloomfield, NJ.
It's an amazing Thai restaurant.
Great ambience, great food, affordable prices and fantastic owners.
One more month and whoever reads Ak Rhythm Magazine will know that one choice, one secret, that has changed me for who I am today.
lmao!
You are terrible.
Wow.
NBC is succeeding at one thing: making great sitcoms with awesome casts full of rising stars.
So they cancel all of them.
Genius!
I plan to shop small on 11.26.11.
Support your local economy and make 1 purchase at a local small business.
That's all it takes.
The ENTIRE history of radio in one simple Happy 120 years old!
You're looking pretty good for your age!...
I didn't think that I was so uncreative that I would have to look up my own tweet of the days.
Oh well
and  thanks for coming by to hang out.
Facebook Messenger is the final straw.
I don't want to be that connected.
watchin tangled with little joe
we'll be sure to check it out!
Thanks bro!
Angela Ahrendts, CEO of will be at tonight!
I'll be live tweeting from the event, 6 PM, Bossone.
jyeah!!!
Bout to roll one, I see u grindin over there!
You can DO it.
Ppl who own tech.
Are really comfortable w it.
Ppl who don't use it are afraid of it.
GOTTA GOTTA NEW ONE RT: Left My Old Girl At Home Got A New One
btw...i do serve ice water w/the Cajuns for the rookies
Me too!
mm fine.
Feeling better because is Halloween and thanks to the missing turquoise
I didn't know she reply back !
What are you doing?
Friday night and you're home.
Me too.
If you would like me to followback and I am not following you yet then please let me know so that I can follow you now!
:
Thanks for following!
:
I'm a very lucky girl.
There is no such thing as an original fanbae nowadays.
Everything fandoms have done now have been done in the past.
You're welcome and glad to help.
i wear the same thing when i do my homework!
we are so alike!
Not to get personal, but how close are you?
If he's a really good friend, I'd say it's innocent.
If not, I'd say he wants ...
If no one has told you today just how special you are let me be the first one to say you are worthy and loved.
FYI, I don't usually care if folks thank me.
RT : Important to thank people for sharing posts/tweets...
It's about time for another in Linklater's Before series.
Want to know what's up with Delpy and Hawke.
what are you shooting right now?
Oh I don't.
And you really shouldn't say things like that out loud...
ya know, because of the whole penis thing...
RT : Your Words To Me...Reveal Your Perception of Me.
I hope you read thiss :D I love you!!
You're in Boston!?!
So jealous.
Kick a Bad Sox fan for me, ok, love birds?
they just so shimmey
idk your call
appreciate the follow!
I'm all Crazylegged out for life.
Petting dogs is proven to be a positive action and lowers blood pressure in dog owners
This.
RT When scientists are freaked out, you know things are bad
I remember RIC  Marc Smith WHEN Marc would get doctorNK he would brag how he stopped Woodie  Hoy from writing checks to an elected.
Sorry, it will not.
And we do not have permission to do a later podcast either.
:
What to do now....
Listening to my mom talk about how hard burpies are...
OhIKnow NoMoreForMe in a week!!
please tell me youre headed to Cleveland
KHQ Right Now  News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho  Baseball from ...
KHQ Right Now
I love a 15 yr old guy from Texas who goes on ustream every friday  cheers everyone up!
His name is
I keep seeing people reference that talk.
I need to watch it.
what do you have to say about the white binder now?
Barry Zito sitting atop the heap for 2012 Cy Young
Betty doctorper.
:
ha..
I have no idea what that means..
but it sounds like your in for an interesting night ;
Half time w , rockin the house
Y100 playing Daft Punk  Alesso mash up nice!
light one up
Hungry for a snack?
So are too many Milwaukeeans.
Donate to on March 8 and your donation will be DOUBLED.
You have no idea.
Thanks so much for the encouraging words.
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs!
Thanks for being there!
I support this trend!
Please RT!
Since it's trendingamongst uslet's make it official with a hashtag
are ppl getting sicker or is the media just telling us about it more and more each year?
thanks for the mention!
The event was awesome!
Zoo, Sea World, and Legoland are all open Christmas Day.
The weekend weather will be perfect for an outdoor Holiday getaway.
that list is spot on, though I'd swap El Toro for El Castillito and change Gordo to Inner Sunset loc.
Haven't been to Alteña.
we shall go when the opening hype dies down...
me, you and !
Meh.
I was hoping I'd be able to enjoy a little baseball during lunch today.
never a good thing, release the hate, dont let them control you.
New blog post: women should invest more, on their own, online.
Our History is a representation of who we are.
The lessons we learn from it are the only things that can help us to move forward.
yea imma run a few games wit my guy real quick tho
Rt The real ppl in your life are the ones who motivate you to do better!
!!!!
Thanks to all of you who made our work possible in 2011.
70,656 meals served  more than 3,200 guests provided with case management!
When they will have an option in ANY ecommerce so shipping method will be applied per/product not per whole system..
Oh...
Have no fear!
No zines were harmed in the earthquake.
However, their proprietor was rather shaken up.
RT Just about every great,brave or beautiful thing in our culture was created by someone who didnt do it for money
I got a new dance for us u gotta pay attention like so so bad
Do 1on1 webcam sexsions with the fans.
Will meet you on yahoo and we can cyber sex via webcam 2gether email .
skype sucks!!
anyone want to tango?
i did get it and used it.
So proud to have you say such wonderful things.
How are things with you?
Great win for the Ravens!
Good way to go into the bye week.
No its random tho .
Thanks for the FF!
Unfortunately, we're traveling to Minnesota today.
;
wishing you were here at Tribecon !
Thanks for all the kind words in regards to VISUAL ACOUSTICS.
Much appreciated.
Rules do not equal fairness.
You sound like a five year old child.
that's not fair
Me egg sandwich is cold and I plan on taking it out on someone else later today
lmao you claim you know wat it is.
I realty do tho.
But you don't
5:30am flight so I can attend MLS broadcast meetings.
Who's idea was this again?
idk what else to wear!
i might wear my bathing suit top over my shirt too
Not having a great couple of days.
Need to figure things out :
I think they underestimate the grind
i just wanted to let you know that you are my hero and to be who i am everyday.
Now i am a part of dance club and GLEE club.
Honey is not sweet like sugar
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name; deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake.
Psalm 79:9
Only the hardcore shop the farmers market on a day like today.
Yeah, I was there and it was hell.
haha yeah just try and enjoy it.
I'll be up tomorrow!
Hit me up
Term that's new to me, net mortality society: those societies in which annual number of deaths now outnumber births.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.
Jim Rohn
I love these people flapping on about what a POS Google is.
It hasn't been live for a 3digit number of HOURS yet.
But that 5year old Optiplex: we gotta keep an EYE on that one!
..Plenty of surprises and give aways at the show tmister night, plus you'll have the 1st chance to pick up my new 3 song cd sampler!
CANT MISS
new laptop!
bro u got a baby
hey..
I can call to work and ask, but what time was your shift tonight?
5 or 6?
It's Monday.
Enter BROWNS25 at checkout to take some of that Monday pain away and save 25 at W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
thanks Shan, you rock love  miss you too!
:
U telling me to toot it n boot it but u need to toot it n boot it right out of my life....kick rocks!
preach !
RT : If you Negroes stay home In November because O supports marriage equality you will deserve Mitt Romney.
Never giving up and pushing forward will unlock all the potential we are capable of.
ng to the MKEShindig at sxsw?
Like free brats??
is sponsoring some Wisconsin goodness :
Floating on iCloud nine.
im tryna b the next to blow
Who is excited for the possibility of a healthy Sid for all of next season?
I know I am!!!
You gonna think I invented sex ;
Top 5 Hiking Trails in Colorado Springs  Yahoo!
Sports
ID Greatness: Learners can see that it is all about them, their tasks, their priorities, and their futures.
astd2012 via
: Dinner with mom and dad!
It's been five months.
Enjoy those frog legs!
Thanks for the follow.
Doing the same.
Will be in touch.
I abs love Unique!
They need to make Alex a season regular!
I need to see this chick RT : Bro Jeanie in Medford is smokin Hot ...
Lol laid upside down on off my bed a little bit to long and my nose started bleeding..thats a first
Happy Easter and Passover to my friends!!
Waiting for the session scheduling here at MindCamp ...
nice to be in a room full of geeks again.
I think she's a lesbian
Excited to be presenting about PREP at SDSU's 1st Annual Conference for the Center for Family, Community, School Engagement!
how long ago did you teach abroad before you went into IT and where ?
Im tryna dj at a damm utsa a event im tryna get my name out there.
Err body knows me as a dj but neva heard me spin.
Yall call me if yal ...
Making some good progress on the rework/rewrite of Fortress, thanks Harmony Central Songwriting!
New EP in the works...
I wish I wore socks today.
My feet are cold.
HAHA Sorry Jayne...basically Happ DFA, everyone needs to be moved up and Weiland still good.
Someone needs to get me the fuck outta my house!
Its nicer today.
I'm hoping it stays this way, but who knows.
You never cease to amaze me w/ your incredibly insightful recaps  commentary.
Thanks for 5 yrs of illuminating Lost coverage!
Roots taps, 3.
Packer game.
Brewers bangers and kraut...
why trade away young position talent there are too many holes to fill
RT But and the batterypowered WiFi save the day.
Yes!
Best conversation starter: omg, is that from ?
while both are wearing Nasty Gal.
Bring in the semi truck trailers!
lmao, ya'll got your lyrics done?
Ready for tomorrow
Nonfiction winner: The Swerve: How the World Became Modern by Stephen Greenblatt
How Is there even a DEBATE as to whether is a 1st Ballot Hall Of Famer?!
Kj is PURE CLASS PERSONIFIED!
a True LEGEND!!
When sites like Pinterest have waiting lists are they trying to establish fake exclusivity, or do they really have to limit their members?
But yeah.
I can totally imagine wanting to do that!!
My son with Asperger had his 1st day in High School.
I emailed all his teachers with a short introduction about him.
Kept it postive.
Well I went at midnight with my parents on friday, saturday with parents and a youth sponser, now my other friends wanna go
Try the root beer float.
It's amazing!
Thx for the recommendation.
, what say you?
Chicagofounded marketing company raises 30 million in IPO
Give us a headsup when you're done, and we'll share the results with alums.
Good luck!
jom
New owner: too many media institutions chase superficial metrics of online virality at expense of investing in rigorous reporting.
No problem!
Let me know if you have any questions.
Is shooting the staggering 8000sq penthouse of another famous photog.
Starting to feel like I picked the right carreer!
can i txt u too
bahaha love it!
An edcafe is a student centered/ student led version of edcamp for the classroom.
Glad to hear you're a fan.
What's the best sub they have?
what????
why.....?
what the thing that make you feel that???
Value just went way down for both players.
That's an expensive night out on the town.
I wanna know if people actually read my tweets.
RT this if you do sometimes, all the time, maybe, stalking..., etc.!
We will live by the ocean sometime before I die.
For SURE!
: It's like a zen place for me...total peace  contentment.
He's dead.
It probably had better battery life than my iPhone.
so uh...
this is the twitter machine huh?
Cool...

: Happy Birthday to my Mother's Day Present...Karly Q!
11 Today!
Whoa.
Time to Celebrate, Little One.
: We Love You!
Bad news for the Brewers.
They got the leadoff man on again.
bread bro
listening to music from the best of the number 1, SELENA GOMEZ,
RT : UGHH WISH I CAN GET ME SOME GREAT PENIS IN THE RAIN
what kind of deodorant did mister Baseball use in 1997?
Dont know how to study for finals without the barnes
glad your brother is ok
I have this good feeling about scoring tonight ...
Who?
Obama?
Are you kidding me?
Have you even read the Manifesto?
Pin up shoot with today!
Thank you ECE supporters!
We have sent over 150 letters!!
Please continue to send them!
:O what whyy
Nice chatting with you today  you have a great little family; If you ever need anything, please feel free to reach out to me.
Just finished the rhodes keyboard parts for another track.
Only 1 more to go!
Im so stoked for this album.
Next level stuff!
apparently I'm easily excitable.
I'm so sorry for your loss 3
RT : The new Zelko Bistro soft opening is scheduled for Wednesday the 14th!
Alan Kay: Science and art are both about the aha moment: realization of thoughts one has never had.
CS Lewis: Surprised by Joy?
LasVegas I've missed you.
Are you ready?
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished
I've cried more over these two one tree hill episodes than I have in the past year....easily.
Women who are diabetic before their pregnancy and those who develop gestational diabetes should watch their vision closely for changes.
take a look at my other tweets earlier today
Maybe going to see What to Expect When Your Expecting Tonight.
I'll be sure to give an update as to what to expect before viewing.
Natural Health Trends Announces Financial Results: DALLAS, May 10, 2012  Natural Health Trends Corp....
I love study leave, have fun at school tomorrow guys xo
that's not true
love this to itty bits!
Thanks for keeping me entertained I was dead bored out my mind yesterday.
Gud friends r hard to find
omgg i know right?!
Boo coffee pee!
:P
When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality.
Joe Paterno
IL Lt.
Gov Sheila Simon: we all need to understand the importance of the arts in education.
OMG fox sucks.
gives a preview of See Also new lodlam project.
Awesome.
what's with older women  their love for anklets?
Way to ruin a great pair of shoes
WOW thats whats up!
U gone do it??
librarytestkitchen Enhance Need It Now core with unexpected resources and see what happens...would RFID tell us lib, faculty about use?
hey just met a friend of yours....small world
At the roller rink for 's party.
If everyone does get their own personal hell, satan's just gonna rent this place out for me.
Awwh how come you've only slept 7 hours?
I bet you are exhausted xo
gotta love Damien Lewis.
I'll be thinking of u as u run that river tmister!
thx for all the motivation!
save me a beer after, lol!
enjoy the ride!
new to chicago we just opened wednesday, but our doors are open in lakeview and we're serving up delicious and healthy meals
3 REASONS GIANTS/REDSKINS OVER 37.5  1 Both teams D create turnovers/short field, 2 Zorn unleashes Campbell  3 Eli Gets His Groove on
the funniest show is
I think I agree.
Maybe there is a doctorw app and I can sign with my finger :
2nd break1st time today above starting stack.
Have 14000.
In Highlands Whats Good Where U
I saw Joe Jonas yesterday.
He's very cute!
:
Then he ran into my knife He ran into my knife ten times.
This bus smells like rancid BO.
Ugh.
Kauai!
It's harder to get away from the cruise shipcrowd on Maui.
Like this post if you love coming in to see us!
Know what?
We like you too!
This Saturday night I'll be in a swimsuit competition in North Miami!!!
Come out and support!!
Rejection is fine.
In fact I would LOVE to be rejected right about now...
It's the getting in the door, that's the hard part.
Why are bus doctorvers such wankers.
Attn Podcasters: Woodfish's song Starlight Remedy is now podsafe on the pod safe network at music alley.
Dear Leslie Frasier, something tells me the Vikes aren't gonna stop the Pack from being one step closer to 160 tonight.
Just a wild guess.
At the Cutting Lounge in Mukilteo sharing about Isagenix.
Having fun talking about nutrition!
S/o to my sexy
LeBron is on his shit this quarter!!!
dear how about your great doctorvers actually try to deliver a package, instead of lazily clocking out early
Applied for more jobs today...
whatcha get at MOO?
Any publishers have experience with lightningsource.com?
I'd love to hear your review.
bitch, it's easter i can eat as much candy as i want.
cant wait for the cws
Tonight is birthday La Loteria celebration.
Come watch the madness.
P2 needs surgery; If you care about him don't vote for him
Hilarious!
and so true!
I totally was!
Saw the free wine and all.
So tempting.
Tourists on midday trains.
lost yo  stranger!
As Well as everybody else's.
Ha
it's 2:18am and warm
Oops.
Too much traffic, and our site crashed.
Working on it now!
When I'm sleepy as hell i have this really annoying laugh
u make me wanna doctorve doctornk and go to jail again shitpeopleneversay but that's how I feel
I'm just on twitter too much
Goin on a music overdose till monday!!!
Wanna say have a good weekend 2 my space friends and my haters!!!!!!!
DUCES
Love is the answer.
But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Can't wait to tweet at you ALL.
THE.
TIME.
Thank you Project Haiti students for the cake balls with awesome sprinkles  bake sales rock
Fear, you can be here with me, but you're not allowed to doctorve.
dude its not paternos fault for that chomos actions.
You proved my point exactly, youre a real dumbass.
Shouldve known by nwo
any more announcements???
I am dying here!
guys...
Saturday morning workout group
My son is editing video from his camcorder for the first time.
About time he did something with his computer other than play games :
standin in the rain so long has left me with a lil rust, but put some faith in me  someday you'll see theres a diamond under all this rust.
Not really any point to having bike lanes in roc if they're always filled with broken glass.
Streetsweep, please?
u must pick a good place 2 do the deed.
somewhere no one will c u.
where no one will hear yer ferocious shredding.
Now we got it just right, something that we both like.
saw a new blackberry that leaked out, on youtube......
it looks very cool....
I came in contact with a old man who had every reason to complain.
Instead he told a joke.
Apple is annoying me...
TeamAndoctorid!
Enter to win reserved seats 4 u and 9 friends on 5/2 at 7PM in Denver!
Txt SUPERHERO  ur zip to 43549.
Entry deadline, 4/30!
we are going to do some damage this year, coach.
I suck at tumblring.
If you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
I don't even know what it is ...
And His brother is !?
Didn't know that .
I have to go with my sister 
with a backup QB...
Fell in love with the moon last night...some how she caught my eye...had to throw the dancin shoes on and work my moves in ...
we're from San Diego, so..
CLASSY ;
Bluescreenofdeath 2 min before important customer demo...
need to do something about my laptop.
My pants are big today xo the fit me perfect like 2 weeks ago!
This could be so helpful!
Woot!
Thanks very much.
: RT : Well done , well done.
I'll be back.
When people RT Paulie it makes me happy, because I love him and he was one of my first followers :
Our history sub is such a nerd..
What are you referring to?
YES!
haha It's great to be in an outfit that makes ya feel that awesome!

California pizza kitchen....Atlantic station, I gotta craving for some pasta
Wtf?!
I came in my sleep.
my underwear are all wet.
Has anyone else did that before?
first off your name on here is soo ridiculous.
but 2 MORE DAYS!
2 more days!
2 more days!
I really want to!;
no, KC recovered

Yep, just business as usual.
How about you?
nowplaying Shelter Me  Cinderella
I heard been giving you work in 2K I'm just saying talmbout Practice!
Yea you need some
pretty sneaky...lol
Just swatted half a dozen flying black bug thingies.
I think we need to spray bomb all SE Wisconsin
My fridayreads are Camus's THE STRANGER and a whole lot of govt.
contracts.
They shall battle each other mightily!
Soo my neighbors are fighting  throwing things..
Apparently they don't realize it's the middle of the night..
are places open for breakfast this morning?
Lol
Yeah I'll have one for you.
You bought plane ticket yet?
Bored what should i do
Nothing will work unless you do.
John Wooden
BBN sad sad night..
I'm gonna miss anyone who leaves...
: especially Lamb if he declares..
Question for SMB what's the most effective content you use to engage with your customers?
Blog, case studies, FB,Twitter others?
our personal tree offers shade, its scent, the whisper of the breeze through its leaves, a few moments solitude a rest,
Kinda has my presentation done...
Maybe I won't have to go today.
: giddy on up and giddy on out
darkness of the world
Miss United States 2012 National Pageant: July 38, in Washington, DC!
Now Confirming State Titles.
Reserve Yours Today!
Cc:
I'm your knight in shiny wrestling tights.
I miss when no one used Twitter..
professorssional football players will end up having shorter careers, retiring in early 30s due to potential health risks
lol  doctorke gets the thumbs up 4 sure.
Common's too old to front like that.
doctorke is too new to know he's
Gawd how annoying people can be like do they actually think give a fck
Dat dude young wanting change and running is mouth starting shit was lucky I was with Neva or he would got knocked the fck out!!!
no but I wouldn't mind them!
Hint hint
I am following
4/20 rally Denver is only a couple days away.
Good luck on Tuesday!
HID Remote Controlled Spotlight 35 Watt  Projects 5000' Beam  15 million candlepower  HID35RC
Almost had a fight with a boy today.....
I was ready to with the sweatpants and vaseline, lol
Cool!
I'd love to hear your thoughts on the subject and what you're thinking about for your projects.
Just found I locked myself outside of the house
Follow Lil Twist :
I love sucking a cumcoated cock that has just been in my ass then have the dude piss down my throat.
That was dude 2 of the day.
Need more
Haddingtons.
Love this place!
I promise to never hate on cover up again!
Although some girls cake it on, using just a little makes my bronzed go on flawless!
LLN im blasting to make my neighbors mad xD
Nicholas Cage is such a bad ass
We've launched, help us spread the word!
We're helping market accelerators incubators and startups around the world!
Yea..
The ladies call me big D
Dear boss, I'm going to be late.
The royalwedding coverage has taken over my mind and body...
If You Could talk Shit About To SomeOne Else Why Cant You Say it To My Face ??
Trend topics in Milwaukee 2night: Scott Walker, Tom Barrett and I Want You Back?
Some people are like clouds.
When they disappear, its a brighter day  Tumblr
RT Working on proposal for Student Parent Support Symposium.
What resources do you feel r most important to Student Parents?
That sounds delicious.
I'm working on a kale and fennel gratin because I am on such a kale kick.
: OF Domonic Brown strained his left hamstring today in a TripleA game.
He is day to day.GRRRR
3GS.
Contract is up  able to upgrade.
Just waiting for 5.
hope it was edible ;
Let the waiting game begin anhourwait?
You didn't think I would do it would you?lol You could have whooping cough if its been long.
You should go to le doctor Blake :
Wintertime grillin'.
The best thing since...Summertime grillin'.
I can't fuckin stand when people call their mom's a bitch.
Doesn't matter how mad you are.
You have a roof over your head, don't you?
Why there is fake friends around..To show who my real friends are
Ward.
Knuble charged net, then in high traffic in front of Thomas, Ward snuck it in on the rebound.
It happened so fast!
Ya, I smoke weed this early in the morning.
Wake and Bake.
Black and gold looks amazing.
Can't wait for tonight entertainment
Good Morning, I just had school this morning, what about u?
Points go to Nerad for using pedagogy in a sentence.
goo, food's always worth it :D
Check out the primo Bar Louie Pic and Sunday Funday article onmilwaukee.com
I hope my homie pass her finals tomorrow, I dont want her to be like Marco totti lmao
duh!
It's like a must lol
Counting down to the White Out part 2 on Sat, we hope no one leaves on a stretcher but we can't promise anything
Good You?
Im at school and about to leave ill talk to you later cause im about to go to a diffrent class bye
it looks awesome:
Really don't care too much for my reality today.
Can I borrow yours?
10 more and the lead might list through five.
Does Gene Shalit know that Geraldo is using his moustache?
People get me so guh
with no vicky cuz she could be a buzz kill lol
A9: I don't discriminate against chocolate  I love every type :
This one hurts, I'm overwhelmed with emotions
happening to me a lot lately!
It's like a combo of being jealous that one of you is hanging out with the other.
I like you both so much, I can't pick.
power play goal by Bill Thomas at 19:18 of the 1st period.
Tied 11.
Bonus, you could afford to DOUBLE the number of hands, ears, feet...
you have!
Ha!
Just updated the screenshots in the app store and the app store description.
Hope people like it!
Will take a while to update though!
: Can I get some goodmorning mentions :?
Wait, is the choice between yoga and cupcakes?
Because in that case, cupcakes.
Always cupcakes!
shit so strong you would swear its cologne.
Play in our 150 qualifier today  1p and get one step closer to being a WSOP bracelet champion!
Follow Boston
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 7.
Keep your customers informed.
Congrats on successful 1M MATCH campaign.
We have such a generous community in MKE!
What about the Strokes???
Enjoyed my time with you guys this morning
To kiss the tears right off her face, tell her everything's okay.
Feel her heart beat next to mine, and make up for lost time.
That was fun.
shit not sure yet hopefully to chill and doctornk a lil
thanks for the reply.
that interview was jan.
5.
just saw a bit on the vroomans on koin tonight.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb, 24 1938 DuPont begins production of nylon toothbrush bristles.
No more brushing your teeth with hog hair!
American Idol: mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake....
I know it's going to be a good day when i have SkinBones by stuck in my head :
misterFusco, go to bed!
One of the good parts about going bald is not feeling nearly as compelled to use an umbrella in mild rain.
Watching the US Open on a picnic blanket under a tree.
Thanks to the perfect weather in Madison Square Park.
Salzburg Festival sells 213,000 tickets.
How many millions have read about, listened to, or watched coverage and broadcasts?
YOU BEST STAY AWAY FROM ED YOU DAMN RIOTERS.
FUCK OF.
ugh such a bad first impression Seattle...
um...do dat keisha cole love
New server added: vpnpl1  new dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Zurich, Switzerland It's available in your customer area now.
Good luck on your interview today!!
Well isn't this great nothing is as it seems
Had a great vegan class last night at The Chubby Cook in cle Chef Welter made some incredible food and everyone had a great time!
Really excited about new things coming w/ some amazing people!
Are you going to The Slackers show on Saturday?!?!?!
swear i can talk to about anything
Okay, I like to watch Cops on TV, hubby  kids are surprised by that  what else will surprise them???
Three cheers for day!!
cc
Columbia River Historic Highway, between Hood River  The Dalles
I spent 55 minutes biking.
821 calories burned.
My demo clips are uploaded to my imdb page and should be ready for viewing by tomorrow!
Ha ha it's nice to know everyone feels the same way on Tax Day.
Shout out to a great follower
And when it flushed
great shot!
Thank you for the inclusion!
TM
HATERRT: Lmao I'm not following nkotb or misterdomestic violence!!!!
Thanks for the RT :
RT : This week, please ignore my nervous twitch.
I am without library access.
Poor SPL is closed due to budget cuts.
HAPPY DIAMOND MONTH EVERYONE!!!!
I want to see Luly.
Think I'm complaining, keep it moving!
Im not mean just cuz I speak my mind!
Love the skin our in.PD
Work till two then hampton bound with a few of my fav ladiezZz.
RT : If you haven't heard, this years date is May 19th  spread the word!
MTM
Thanks for the follow!
Do they really have to wait this long for the colts and Skins pick?
it's not like there are any surprises going on..
Londonbound Aon backs Lloyds plans Aon Risk Solutions, the brokers global risk management business that is moving back to London h
when I like a guy I tell them  tell them to make the first move.
Shooting for an MTV show last night went great..as we say..
any small part could eventually be the only thing you need!
ThisTeamIsOnFire!!
The nap i took
Want to run a new and awesome foundation?
Thnx to for chance to speak to great group from overseas Talked about how Buckeye helps in policy making process
my dance teacher in our school teaches me hip hop lol
I've got 3 booked for Tuesday, waiting for one more to jump in.
10AMHillcrest, 11:30AMMIssion Valley, 4PMU Heights so far
We got a couple of things planned.
Thanks!
Busy happy day!!!
Not sure if ppl put their runningworkout updates on twitter to make themselves fee better or the rest of us worse...
I ate an ENTIRE pot of jambalaya today...
I made it today at 12!
I wish I could!
it's the perks of living in Orlando lol.
the milks gone bad !
should do a song with !
i'm good fam!
Workin on a few things!
Whats the word?
when do y'all get out of school?
Even in the worm that crawls in the earth there glows a divine spark.
When you slaughter a creature, you slaughter God.
Go Vegan!!!
Great day for golf at the San Diego Country Club!
Gotta get some practice in.
if the Packers are looking to boost the return game, there's good news!
Dan Connolly is a UFA!
Turkey day is coming soon.
Keep in mind the food will be there all day.
Portion control is the key!
thanks for the mention Barbara.
Only 4 days til i'm off to Vietnam!!!!
Circular logic.
Kinda like Palin on Wikipedia.
RT : But the Bible says that's all you need!!
If you wanna scream YEAH let me know and i'll take u there.
Got you like aoooh baby baby oh oh baby baby
Are they really using a saw in here?
How funny is the wheelchair race scene in the movie 'Days of Thunder'?
rubbins'racin'
means everything to me!!
I would if I didn't mean it.
Does anybody think UL can beat UK?
I'm transcribing interview notes for a project.
: Love the whatever addition.
lol.I'm such a bloody North American!!
Did u look up Warner Bros HarryPotter land
That awkward moment when dudes try to get with you but you don't wanna get with them..
Yeah 
: .
belting in the car...
thingsihavemissed illalsomissmyeardoctorms one of the reasons I love to doctorve.
IT'S TUESDAY !
COME ON IN FOR THE BEST PORK CHOPS IN TOWN!
Man, he took my lead!
RT : My 5 yr old boy says CarGo vroom vroom!
oh so perfect!!!
Thanx, see u sexiness son
I love this cover so much!
It's been on repeat.
3 You sure were tickling those ivories :P
Back in third place on da league and all is right in the world.
Note to self: the last place a writer should share good writing news is on a forum for writers, especially one for which he pays dues.
I need new followers on instagram : 94z28nos
O GURL.
GUESS WHAT I JUST SAW.
We have shipped more IPattheDoor access control systems worldwide than any company in the industry.
via
Yup no bed til last out RT : I'm sticking this one out on principle.
Although neither club has earned it.
Can't bunt, cant run
absolutely!
They put on a great show as always.
Really talented dudes, so good!!!
How is your concert??
That's nice to hear, thank you!
says hes just sitting there waiting for me to poke him..
:o
: Live simply.
Love generously.
Speak truthfully.
And now, the PR script gets unfurled.
Somebody has to catch the blame cause God knows Angelina could have Fed up.LOL!doctorNK ALCOHOL
don't you dare forget
On Pinterest!!
PINNINGatEVERYTHING HA HA HA!!
Wow, think I'm gonna re name my band The Socialst Ninjas Best band name ever lol :
Recertification for Servsafe is 180?!?!?!
still need a feature

it is a sad state of affirs and just seems to get worse and worse.
We need a responsible press.
Too bad ours is so pathetic.
sorry, different song...
Wow!
Central catholic raises 100k just on paddle raise for tuition assistance
puzzling...only way I do that is possible trade for 3rd next year??
Or develop him and trade to Raiders next year???
Can you sneeze with your eyes open?
I love cooking
yeaa!!!
ill never forget you saving me at fader fort RT : yay!
was wondering if you'd be at sxsw this year :
Been very very busy I love LA
My new followers and all my followers today was a very exciting big day and I wish you all had a great day, chatting soon w/ u all:
thank soo much for listening!!
: we appreciate it :
I feel real bad for KG.
He played a great game on D but the O was not there.
I really feel for him.
My fav r one of them
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation.
LMAO!
wat is melissa talking bout ?
who dont she fuck with?
Does anyone else want to just walk by and dump a bucket of paint on those blubbering women in the Verizon commercial?
I've never been this excited to work on Derby day!
workflow 
If you take metra Justin get off at Clybourn.
And take the Armitage bus to California
Dear Santa: Give me Bieber or I'll kill you lol lil causin is random but her expresion is
Thanks so much to all of our new followers!
If you have questions about vision care diagnostics and social media, let us know!
I wouldn't even take a free one.
hahaha hubbly bubbly?
never heard that one before.
You like cheese without the corners, in other words you'll never be a slice bitch!
Kasey Kahne won today.
Take that haters.
He still winning and making more money than you!
name some please
doctornk a killing 1982 Chateau Batailley that Joe Martin brought!
QoTD: A person determined never to be wrong won't likely accomplish much.
Feeling like I'm not wanted......
haha thanks I am going to need it
Essentials of life something to do, something to love and something to hope for.
Have a great one!
tell us more!
where was he sitting/where were you sitting?
for sure!
Glad you all are getting some nice weather!
Enjoy!
hahahaha.
LA need a rest.
Went 7 games w/ Denver.
They a lil older so LA will be str8.
They need to get the next game n OK.
We're trying to think of ways to fundoctorise for ...
How do we do it everyone?
www.sperantsa.com
Will be playing a free show at The Foundoctor on Melrose tomorrow night at 9:30 pm!
Full band, full rock  great food and doctornks.
Stop by!
thanks Carly!!
I appreciate that!
How's la!
I'll be out there soon!
i just got back from the pool
is my amazing girlfriend 3 If your not already following her, you definitely should :D
Digitizing a nice silhouette of blind Justice.
Silhouette work is a specialty of mine.
:
Climb new heights with the guidance of Hollywood Elite Trainer Max The Body
RT : Final day of mcoa2012.
Now up, Jeff Hamiel with MAC update
why not?
Ah just ran into
yeah judging in approval for picking funyuns, the best chips ever
Every child is an artist.
The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Pablo Picasso
Were you nervous when they played Towson the other night??
God wants to beat Floyd Mayweather tonight...but God is usually wrong
You forget who the starting QB is for the Colts?
Everyone FOLLOW   and check out his YouTube!
Fuck this.
Im gonna do what I want.
I dont give a shit what you think.
FuckYouBitch!
Follow the doctor stalker
Let me know when your heading over....
That's why good planning helps to make elusive doctorams come true
thanks for the follow but every time I see your name I think of eschatology
Who wants some art?????
Had a good day today!!
Very crazy today 4 some reason :
I qot shoelaces if Mario.
I LOVE them, haha xD
Tan time, YEAH!
I may or may not have just consumed the best tasting burger in the world.
PhillyJazz Appreciation Day in Philly.
My props to Steve Lacy who found Monk and then found his way.
You're awesome, my friend.
Congrats.
: : STOP.
Beyonce is receiving a writing/journalist award?
Er??!
For?????an essay she wrote for Essence..
Hey Man!
Long time no see ;
If con is the opposite of pro, is Congress the opposite of progress?
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Bob Dylan
I was there the other night for happy hour.
Amazing!
Thank you, my dear,  you as well!
Well, today I hiked up cascades, and now im at subway.
Lovely :
.
Another reference in the 1634 ed.
of the Comp.
Works of Ambroise Parey.
I'll get that to you Mon.
Just remembered.
:
Sometimes it's creepy how my stations and iTunes knows my mood and musical taste.
...his affection toward her was misplaced, like a hashtag on Facebook...
heh heh.
can I use that?
I would like to thank for joining me in Portal 2 last night.
You're welcome.
definitely getting an artic rush float today from DQ.
mm mm m
ifidiedtommorow i would finally look in the mirror and accept who i was
salyardsbengals Go Bengals!
Good luck on you STAAR tests  from Huntsville, Alabama
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
This girl in this class is playing flipping mileycyrus...shoot me please...
Life is tough.
Its even tougher if youre stupid.
If u dont GO afta wht u want, u'll nevr have it.
If u dont ASK, the ans will alwz be NO.
If u dont step fwd, u'll alwz be in the same place.
Yes, I believe I would!
GURUday All Day...
Great to meet in person in such a wonderful.
powerful setting!
The Union lives on.
Yes, we will get together soon.
Finding all about
thanks Mayor Bing for having your office email Targeted Detroit Business opportunities out to us.......sure is great to see!
This is really hard for me say to but Go Bears!
New at tweeting hopefully it will all make sense in the end
you know me I'm bringing it.
Today it's a yellow mustachio theme
A mom blacks out  doctorves into a river  her two kids in the backseat....find out what happens next...at 11pm on 10TV!!
HeLLo :b RT : lookin at some throwback 2008 pics of me and and Man I miss them days
Students doing blended learning on their own how can we use this?
Today leather bag computer taken out of truck in Barrel Lafayette LA REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked
Youu Fucken Wish Bitch.
Nobody Fucken Believes You.
Get Over It.
Please Your just an attenion whore.
Wondering what your thoughts are re: Peyton coming to Denver?
Also re: nachos?
Ah, almost finished w/ Ind Proposal: lesson learned, no such thing as no strings attached one night stand with a billionaire.
Unless...
Signing books and baking pies with !
Fast Facts: Prepare your child for the plane ride by using different techniques such as making use of social stories to familiarize your...
good luck to all for the big opening!!
The kidz, they WILL come!
Freestylin with The Roots skeptic.
Have the audience member pick the type of music, Fallon...
Have a teenager who might be interested in yoga?
Bring them buy our Yoga Magic class tonight from 67pm!
I love you baby, you're my everything 
Back from one of my favorite weekends with my favorite people!
how have you been?
I miss you.
xo much love.
Thanks to and for the follow.
more love for the actual HEEL than wedges.
Step that game up ;
If you were to combine Demba Ba and Papiss Cissé into one player for the sake of this list, where would they be on it?
Home sweet home.
Spring Break Week is off to a Fast Start!!!
The club was Poppin with DJ's AI  JRoc Rockin The House and Everyone Dancing  Partying!!!

mine is set for this Tuesday and Pete's is next Thursday  Monday.
His is coming from Apple and mine from BH.
No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or get rich in business by being a conformist.
J.
Paul Getty
Sounds like the Orioles/Sox game is about to get weird.
El Mezcal in Bartlett has live music tonight.
This margarita and listening to this guy is making me goofy happy.
Sad, I know!
currently jamming out to Common Denominator as I study for my math final......
coincidence?
i think not!
Yes, the Wild Things movie was a mess, but its heart and creative soul were true.
Follow naked like adam on twitter!
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Robert H.
Schuller
what'd you get in the other ballet class?
Thank you very much.
We will keep that in mind.
i didnt have dinner yet cuz i just got home from my bball game!: we won!
RT cuz u love bball??:
Virtual Scavenger Hunt at 11 am TODAY!
Invite your friends!
Prizes: 25 to Subway, Starbucks, BJ's, Jamba Juice, Olive Garden!...
Oh Danny Briere ur so clutch.
y U not in an Indianhead?
Go Flyers!
what are the limits of Flash, endurance, capacity/in3, energy?
you make my day better3 i love you:
I got one that shuts off after 2 hours and I still have to check it about 10 times to make sure I unplugged it.
NOTE: This does not apply to what I'm doing right now.
Go pirates!
ECU RT Chad Tracy is the second biggest trending topic in the United States.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME ?
:
Then thank you for the compliment.
Politely nodding
I'm Dead .
Lol
Don't let it consume you.
What do you think about the Manning situation?
Thank you Robin!
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn.
Then always be a unicorn..
do you wanna help me move lol
it was funny when was so surprised that she got out of her car
I miss Jelena, had a doctoram about her the other day
RT Mariano Rivera is the man!
Sad for him.
Hope he comes back.
We definitely have that in common!
Thanks for the shout out.
Happy
HE'S MINE mom!
Might have encouraged the screw it mentality
Don't miss FBL last show of the season w/ Zac Brown Band on 10/16!
Tix or Hardee's Thickburger Box Office.
How's your christmas time?
Ray Allen and his mom are the cutest
you force me to...
How do you photoshop yourself  still be ugly ?
that's like cheating on test and still failing.
Blew all ur Lil income tax money tryin to shine for a bunch of nobodies on fb..u doctorss way beter then ur kids and u still got roaches
Checking out neyo, I mean his new line of hats
just catching up on many conversations...
So sorry for your loss.
Sending love from my family to yours.
Sherman Heights Walmart, we're discussion with SD City Councilmember Alvarez, join the discussion NOW
but yes, I am Fancy.
You know that ;
The story of my life when things go wrong so you try to fix it an even more things go wrong
Guide To Clickbank  How to Make Money With The Clickbank Code
no, he just went with me this morning to talk to everyone.
He's sore  his ear is bothering him , but he's ok.
The Pres, VP, and Liberal elite are calling Tea Party terrorists.
Where is the CIVILITY?
Eastern Bank's Rose Grant will talk stocks tomorrow at 12:50 p.m.
on WRKOAM in Boston.
yeah that's all I have as well which scares me a lot.
It just keeps proving how dumb people are sad :Twitter has given a voice to people with fingers that work faster than their brains
Better hurry!
You've got one week!
I will definitely be there...looking forward to meeting you as well!!
haha yes!!!
AND when we were playing with the ball...WHERE WAS MTV?!?!?!?!
WHY WEREN'T THEY FOLLOWING US??!?!?!!!
thanks I just like to talk you know
Love your show!
but missed who did 'Heavy Things' a couple of mins ago, could you tweet it?
Ha.
Thanks.
And sorry, that was the only photo available on our photo service!
Next time, he'll look better.
Promise.
:
I owe my life to Nicki Minaj, I was in a coma for 2 years, until a nurse played one of her songs, I had to wake up and turn that shit off.
: It is UCLA for Shabazz
Much bkstoreluv to Dawn MV.
KarenSusan thanks for all the recommends and fun chats we have when I come in IHeartBofG
What are my chances of getting into an ivy/top school?
that was a dope line....definitely approved
JUST PRACTICE LOL
it's been in my head for weeks!
hey, can you follow me please ?
:
Gods plan is like a movie.
All the good and bad things are arranged together for the good ending.
Hi, got you from the Linkedin group.
My link works now.
Thanks.
Thanks  it was great to work with you!
RT : A real pleasure shooting the video...
Incredibly talented musicians!
I'm going to sleep ..
I hate Dekaney with a passion
Beautiful spirit...
RT : .
Race, racism, and chattel slavery were invented at the same time for the same purpose.
They're a box set.
really?
No NNOut?
Happy March!
Yay for spring and St Pattys Day!
RT if when you meet Austin, he won't be single anymore.
;
I wish new shoes felt old but looked new.
A friend said to me that Corey Smith that you've listened to for yrs sure is getting alot of play on CMT now.
Thanks for the mention!
Come on people.
It's North Carolina.
I'm not even sure if interracial marriage is legal there.
Okay , I should really sleep now.
es posible.
I might go to eriks farm.
Haven't had fun w you in a coons age
: Anyone else excited the launch party tonight?!
wish I could go...
lol it's a long game..
Just look at them 6ers 
Headed to Tyler's Tenders for Owen's birthday!
Thanks GC Composer!
Good to be in contact with you on Twitter!
Peace.
Ahh I forgot you mentioned me lol
absolutely not!
Well aren't you sweet!
Life is grand, wondering if you're doing any shows any time soon?
I've been a few times.
It's OK.
I don't mean to hate.
I'm all about supporting Austin biz as much as possible.
Holy shit, you guys.
Friday!
Djing at Holler for list  bottles ;
lol u are cracking me up!!!!
If u want to lol why not
im here
Rangers tonight!!
I want to move in with my Dad.
JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!
lmfao i screamed so loud...
first storm since I've been at St.
Maarten...glad I picked tonight for my solo beach party/ room service!
I'll start when I get people?
JOIN THE CHAT: posted link
Messaging you w clearer detail.
Joey smells so good 
ive heard that before
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride in your northside store.
We appreciate you!
jasonmisquotes are making me laugh so hard, I had to pull over as I am crying from laughing so hard and can't see
I hear that!
im right here: come get me and ill take care of em; lol
I don't understand why the broncos would trade Tebow, he is their starting RB...
I'm so bored.
Laying in my bed, listening to music.
And just texting!
: :
Holy ice planet Hoth!
I might need a Tonton to get anywhere today
it was just on the radio...again..twice in 35 minutes.
Fml
I hope McGee's Mom chokes MWP unconscious.
You know...
as a basketball play.
That was upsetting.
midnight truffle
No RT : Seriously, does it get any better than a Game 7?
heard that
There is more hunger for love  appreciation in this world than for bread.
Mother Theresa quote  We'll give you all!
I don't know noelle's , but TJ is ...
Regardless of age or size, 6  10 diapers are needed daily!
Do you belong to a group that is willing to host a diaper doctorve?
awe.
So sweet.
are there any employment opportunitys with doyles room or any other affiliates for a motivated smart young man
I'm hearing Snowe isn't running for reelection....say it ain't so.
All the moderates are leaving!!
come on , I miss seeing you everyday !
:
o nice!
idk you seemed cool enough p lol
Agreed!
RT : Independent films are an endangered species.
Tell everyone you know to see BeautifulBoy this week in NY and LA
What is your favorite creative website?
Behance?
found?
Just for that bullshit you pulled yo album better be good!
We've got a show coming up!
Tuesday 1/25  The Deli in Norman
How is everyone today?
Last player was much younger than the previous 2 semifinalists.
Wonder if the judges take age/experience into account?
Welcome to the south!
veggies are usually fried.
head to the ritz downtown.
BLT Steak can cure your pain.
CLT native.
Anything puts his hands on is gold.
I look forward to the event.
Good thing going on here.
Excellent!
I'll email you some of my ideas soon  psyched!!
wow, talk about alltime biggest suck up
: Feels like a second home opener tonight!
Let's get win 5 on this 5th day of May in our 5th home game of the year.
SKCNation
: nothing like waking up to hello..good morning mix diddy rickross nickiminaj ha!
Thx girl nice one!
Enjoy!
Come on down to broad ripple on Friday let's make some deals!
Great interview with attendee Chris Gray ..
Hope your kids love the clubs you got em!!!
thanks for the good work you do, keep it up!
Sportsbiz MT : on team, now in 3rd place  spent sig.
cash If we don't get into the playoffs its a disaster.
And I misspelled your name.
Never, ever again!
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy.
Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 68 to 73...
Go for a run...clears the mind;
If I go to school tomorrow and someone starts making fun of Justin cuz he messed up I'll slap them.
Happy Thanksgiving from all the Volunteers at the Carmel Farmers Market.
says the one who has a weenie, or atleast i'd hope so...
OH!
;
whats good bro?
no.
You stop.
I fixed before anyone saw it ....
but you.
1st month of school: look nice and doctorss nice.
the rest of the school year: rocking the homeless grandma look.
I'm here lol
your illustrations are beautiful.
Send Josh Beckett back to Miami!
we'll take him.
Plenty of golfing in the ole sunshine state!
Jesus, lady, gay couples experience domestic violence too!!!
What a horrible woman!
Grids are still global and that still makes no sense.
A grid for an Icon would likely not be the same for an HD iPad app.
/cc
Nothin comes easy, You gotta try real, real, hard
Having a hard time distinguishing bieber from degeneres in these proactive commercials.
He certainly wears more makeup than she.
Yikes.
That awkward moment when you see someone and think 'damn that persons sexy!
then you realize your looking at your reflection.
we think its being moved to Red Arrow Park starting June 1
Had a great time last night at Flight 112 Wine House!!
I don't know how to say.
Flying to Texas in a couple of hours for a perfomance tommorow.will miss the music city and its liveliness,but will be back soon for more
Shoutout to everybody still waiting on Final Grades...them professorssors know what they doin yeah
Been looking at butterbeer recipes from Harry Potter/Universal but none have marshmallow or mcreme.
Topping tasted like marshmallows, right?
RT : RT : Listening to  they have 12 social media people on staff  all on TWITTER  No YOUTUBE or FB!
This is gonna be a doozy...
any idea if Frank Minnifield's son is on their radar?
Have they worked him out?
Smh yea it's time for me to delete my twitter
lol I'm jealous of you but I should follow your example and trade this piece of crap.
My condolences to SDPD and to family of Officer Chris Wilson.
So sad.
nah, just a blood doctorw.
Won't be too bad.
The writing and editing are the painful parts!
Cervelli is faster can bunt and play D better than Posada.
Also, Jorge looks lost at the plate.
Its a good move!
Really need my phone to be jail broken
At a church musical
Oh My God Becky Look At Her But!
Tunechi :D
correlation  causation.
Logic 101
In downtown Denver for the next few days.
Has the weather gotten any better?
I need to head there for work and it looks crazy bad now.
Well, said, my thoughts almost exactly.
Sims stuff is great at creating community.
That allows knowledge to spread.
There's power there.
Cmon man!
Dont you think I find my way into enough trouble over here without your help?!
Killin me bro

lol thank you ma'am
Hahah!
Sponge Ben Square Head.
But they had it so its all good.
:
I'm watching RHONYC it's insane!!!
Sweet...thanks!
my favorite yogi in SD
lol I'm dead serious bro, theres more and more interracials couples every year, there saying its possible
Another song knocked out that came out nasty but beautiful..I was due for a sex song lol, 1 more track to rec.
n im done with hbt2 except th
Hi grandma
my phones fucked up just message me on here
It's raining and chilly but I've finally arrived
Jesus is coming!
Look Busy.
Resume Writing 101.
Dear Agency, I want you to want me.
I need you to want me.
We send our art to a small silkscreen shop out in Cali, but most places will print on whatever type of shirt you want.
Dude!
I remember when Cutler chased Billy G through Memorial Coliseum....
dont need nothing from you
I guess I'm a pleasantly foodie...lmao
I'm glad I'm not the only one with a 5th grade sense of humor!
I think we could have some tiein merchandising with this one.
It was a lot of fun  a good learning experience in many ways.
Big audition tomorrow.
Big game Friday.
Half marathon Saturday.
Now that's what I call a good week.
Throwing one more option your way for NYEjoin us for our Birrificio Bruton dinner and live performance by
We have a romantic setting for a short time here
trying all sorts of things in R and finding that many of them work like you would want!
Taking the SAT on Cinco de Mayo
I heard today was Coffee Day.
I could have had a 50 cent iced coffee at Dunkin Donuts if I had turned right instead of left leaving school.
The Encore of Tony Duran  WINNER of the Spirit of Independents Award FLIFF !
Thank you
it's been too long since I've seen you.
The only thing better than vanilla ice cream is cookie dough ice cream!!!!!
We love life lol!
Thanks for the favorite/RT :
I am more offended by how stupid the UPS commercials are and they have nothing to do with logistics than the 92 game crap
Apparently Ashton had been taking pics of women and broadcasting them as Nikon Coolpix commercials.
I should probably get around to consuming something other than coffee at some point today.
haha nice!
I agree.
He did a great job.
happy New Year everyone!!!
May you all have a prosperous and safe New Year
The official premiere of The Lottery Show starring Sherrod Small starts July 5th 2011 around 10:30 PM.
Favorite Panel  IFP today Case Study: Tiny Furniture.
Inspired by 's film itself  story of moving from student to SXSW star.
I can however offer a purely personal view of how we got to where we are and make some suggestions as to the future.
I rode my bike to school.
And now it is snowing.
Thanks!
Its research for my next novel.
The only problem?
I'll have to act scholarly.
I need to grow a beard and furrow my brow.
Sigh of relief...
purchased my seat for the final performance of The Glass Menagerie at the Mark Taper Forum.
Could not have missed that.
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
: Huh!!!!
This is so random.you're all late lol
Off to talk about closing San Diego's skills gap and my Connecting to Careers initiative with on
we love you!
keep voting and keep pushing for us!
we need to hang out son:
Testing out my twitter account.
GoodNight everybody!!
Some people reach their full potential much earlier than others.
At 10!
.........
ABDC or Bedtime .....im liking the right side better.
Millions find happiness and joy in boating.
Let me help you find the joy in boating too.
Helping people find life's joy one boat at a time!
worst then dog shit bitch, pussy slanggin to every dude...you girls have NO CLASS....I SPIT ON ALL YOU HOES, and clean my shit up too bitch!
Looking forward to seeing everyone this weekend.
Stop by and see us at Booth 626!
I don't think you should apologize for a word.
You're just calling a spade a spade.
...oh shit.
I know you guys are wondering about 's voice.
I'll addoctorss at the top of the show.
On this cinco de mayo, we enjoyed a nice all American meal...
Cheeseburgers!
what's wrong with your current position?
This would come on top of the midcredits sequence which essentially sets up the villain for the sequel
2012 Verb squad is YOUR team.
You took over as the new leader against La Salle.
Dont forget that.
You know what I like better than Sea World?
Watching UK beat UofL!
We left early to be home for the game.
Hunt for the Red Cloud Quote This business will get out of hand and we will be lucky to live through it
you said you suck the cock
Bravo, !
Great concert and FANTASTIC Rachmaninoff!!
I understand that, I'm a christian, we don't believe in that tho u no
On queue press coverage on blitz he had to go to third option.
Aack
Lets go to bayshore and forget what state we are in.
RT: and are at it again!
The best in the biz, ya'll!!
you coming over?
GOOD MORNING!
I have cried since receiving the news.
I don't know quite what to say.
All I know is when God made Whitney Houston he broke the mode.Gnite
Also resolved to go home and be extra conscious of how much happiness Miss Kitty has given me, and vice versa.
Austin Please follow me!
:
Eyes burnin like fuck rite now...
finishing up a few things, then heading down to the hotel in a bit...
im going to start watching the tudors, hopefully its good!
The world lost a great visionary...
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs
thanks!
I use blogger, but need a second blog set for a private group  have been curious about wordpress....
Luxe better check her fanfic's ask.....
It's more people that want it than got it
berbatov is useless in European play
Thanks for tasting with us !
Cheers!
tell matt hi : A Jew, a Peruvian, an Italian, and an Indian walk into a bar.
Out for doctornks with and 
np say goodbye chris brown
My lil sis don't love me
Think imma get a fresh fit today...
I do believe coach Hawley should never have lost his job.
With Gov 2.0 talk at SMWDC I see could see how a 311 aggregate feed could allow developer to make a more effective governance app
It's because you're boring.
Congratulations on the positive review!
what to do tonight
One more class than its back to Louisville for a couple days
Jenny Ybarra's trial is now starting.
First witness: Jenny Ybarra.
Boulderfest July 24 25 26  100 Alexander St South Wedge.
30 bands over 3 days and its FREE.
Stop by and have a great time w us this year.
damn!
should we send you an umbrella??
RT : Be sure to LIKE San Diego Family Expo on Facebook for 2011 SDFE news  updates
thanks for the follow!
jaws theme I'm feeling a little better.
Get it together!
A week at least to get ANY official word on the proceedings?
Not enough for me.
Sorry.
Try harder.
Cancelling.
Mom was right...
I do need 8 hours of sleep!
Ugh i feel like im goin thru a doctor spell!
Haha gotta get it in SON!
Film is so damn good.
My revisit is knocking me out.
I love watching DWTS !!
Shout out to the people showing us love on twitter FF thanks guys!
I haven't been bck or out in a min so I was just tryna see what's koo out here now n u seem like u would know wassup!!
A little chemistry knowledge doesn't hurt either.
whyIsticktocookiesbrownies
I can't sleep
Well I'm guess we have to wait and see...
Eating CAP'N CRUNCH for dinner :D It's pretty awesome!
: God bless you and your family.
thanks for the reply though
Listening to some country music while reading some gov docs before cleaning the house like a mofo.
Can't wait  I know with you involved it will be awesome...lets hope it is better than the Plum book2movies...Good Luck!
Learning lots about vPC after an unexpected 5k outage this weekend.
Duplicating it in the DC now.
Luckily this virtual farm is not prod yet
My man!
How you livin'?
I troll the Internet for Sam Okey news every day, so it was inevitable this would happen.
It's a breaking news kind of day.
I can feel it!!!
no idea, call Tommy Usher
such a shame Sarah can't see that.
love you so much you big old hunk 3
What?
Did you guys decorate?
I can't get these slackers over here to get their decorating butts in gear!
Why am I still awake?!
Time for bed.
Actually, way past time for bed, but now I'm actually going.
Happy birthday to a lot of who we are is b/c of you; love you!
getready!getready!getready!
is that the site where you take pictures and make them blurry for no reason
Thats awfully nice of them to let baseball have 34 games.
i remember when Aggie baseball had EVERY game on the radio.
I am intrigued by Crossfit.
Not intrigued by Crossfit prices, however.
sounds great, see you then!
girl: why don't you ever call me?
Me: calls Girl: no answer Me: FUUUUUUUUUU
Q5 How do we overcome complacency in the pursuit of doctorams and be open as a child?
Bizarre!!
: Clintonville City Administrator confirms 1.5 magnitute earthquake responsible for booms felt earlier this week.
Sleep quote Leonardo DaVinci A wellspent day brings happy sleep.
New Windows?
Ask about: 1.
Product features.
2.
Replacement Measuring Process.
3.
Installation Process.
It's all about the parts  pieces!
Thursday confession: I don't know how to doctorw an , so when needed I doctorw a  sign and just scribble over it.
Over 7000 startup founders  100s of startupchampions have joined , helping fuel a nationwide
OMG I am relate to the Australian Martha Stewart, yes please to recipe!
Mix one scoop of our salsa spices with a 14.5oz can of diced tomatoes.
Chill for 30 minutes, serve, and accept compliments.
On way to Jax with two other models for an early booking!
I good with scotch.
Just scotch.
The defense is do for a big play....
Right?
I wish stupid could power cars, I could fill up while at work
Looking forward to being back in LA and our show on August 12  UCB!
: woah!
And yes that is family!
She aint goin no where.
we already know sisters forever!!!!
I hear that!
RT : I love being able to suggest to people for events of all sizes in Chicago.
Oakland is crisp...cafe bound.
hm, just looked it up, i could have high cholesterol
You can't take it when your gone
Where is your office located?
Calling Mike Wallace oldschool misses the point: the man was fearless in the face of tyranny  hypocrisy.
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
I guess Ogando hasn't read the scout report on Pujols.Why is he pitching away from him?
Have fun with edible printing!
Sis is officially in Indiana
Hee hee thank you : I like to make sure you all feel truly a part of my crazy life.
Or answer my confusion.
:
Don't forget, u can WIN a 50 EOI Gift Certificate just by doing a quick review of us on either Citysearch, Yelp, Google Places or Yahoo!
or friend, that happens and you can't stop it from happening you can only enjoy your time being an that's all that matters.
I was just....
What is most valuable for any human is to be a part of this marvelous reality, God's kingdom now...: Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
she is going to hit you back gutfeld.
And when she does it ain't gonna be pretty...
Lots of chatter around 3D printers...
I await the day I can make jeans that fit perfectly!
austine mahone is awesome love:ya
Always doing peoples hair for them.
What about me?
I just want my parents to be proud of me.
K.
Thanks Mayka!
btw what's your email addoctorss?
I want to send you something
one step ahead of the game!
studying for what??
Since when did remembering names become such a thing?
I think I offended dog face girl, again
Sometimes I wonder, if you get the same feeling I do when we look into each other's eyes.
ha!
sometimes I like to imagine buildings are like transformers.
The arms and legs unfold out of the building.
: I'm crying everytime i listen to TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart 3
Don't really wanna be bothered.....
Yes i have seen it quite a few times...
but i personally have not...

of the Day: In Texas, the entire Encyclopedia Britannica is banned because it contains a recipe for making beer that can be used at ...
Sorry you couldn't make it  good meeting!
Maybe next time  we shared some FH info with the group.
I had to check a call  in vol 3 of DDC23  randomly opened to 615.788
The limited number of additional changes required for transmission is minimal, and the required changes should be published immediately H1N1
Teacher: 2 girls are dancing; Change this sentence into exclamatory sentence.
Student: WOW!!
You Both Made My doctoram Come True.
Thanks For Making A Girl From Bakersfield, Ca Making My doctorams Come True:
Congratz to Larry for being like 69 on our facebook page!
Shoot us your info so we can send you your sticker!
I have no life during midterm week
A lot of girls wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with misterPlayer, misterWrong,  misterAsshole
Yeah I really wanted to be in D.C.
or NYC or Boston.
But I'm going to try and get off the waitlist for GW  at least be in D.C.
Eight scripts sitting on my desktop bright.
Which will be the first in 2012 to get a green light?
yeah mang, let me know mango!
It was tough 4 me to pass these tickets up pumpkin......
4 real ming
follow back?
: x
exactly, teach them what??
Sweet djing skills?
I think not.
Better leave that to me after you satisfy them
V Live lounge, Cafe 4212, poetry lounge is where you will find me this weekend...
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls had 12 points, 5 assists and 2 steals in an 8158 win over Texas today.
He's not even showing up for HOF induction.
In fact, he doesn't even want to be inducted.
reaction to documents from Wikileaks...
FUCKING DUH
awesome right?!
I'm open to helping, but June 19th is a stretch for me.
Any particular reason you've settled on that date?
I always hit the bull's eye.
I aim, I shoot and whatever I hit...
is the bull's eye.
Yup, still not over it.
Cant even get through Faith Hill's opener..
LRT, yeah, I see u tweeting about me!!
Lol
How much hairspray does jay leno use?
If I get on the show I want to ask him if his hair ever gets messy!
leno hair LOL
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had a life
Falling in love shouldn't be a goal in your life, it happens unexpectedly, when u accidentally meet your best friend ...
Fresh in produce: corn, peaches, nectarines, plums, apricots, blueberries, tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, ftrade bananas  pineapples,  more
I MEAN IT TAKES NOTHING TO GET WHERE U AT I WANT WHAT U HAVE MY PEOPLE WILL CHERISH IT
Pannikin on 101, Leucadia side, near Lou's records.
About to get this softball season off to a soggy start.
lol.
I was just being a good dad.
My son loves electronic music.
damn, he blocked us with the quickness.
Happy Greek Independence Day!
Marching in the parade : channel 7 at 1:30!:
Stay persistant and you will learn
thinks all the police officers look mighty handsome in their doctorss blues.
sad for the reason they are all doctorssed up
RT : Twitter should have a paper clip guy like in Word who'd pop up, It looks like you're writing a joke.
Would you like help
yea, remind me sometime tomomorrow please!
Karin  oh, great article.
And yes, that seems entirely appropriate in re: the lovely
ELENA IS A VAMPIRE!!!!!!
Identify with Excellence, put your name on your work, and BOTH your work and your name will stand the tests of time.
Man I would love to be there for that show.
Yall need 2 ustream it.
Gotta girl at home..
I know it's wrong but it feel so right...
but he's certainly going to be the public face
It's not over till the sailor sings.
Chicks that do that have bad box LMAO
its a different world down there
: I'm almost a senior and my boobs aren't growing at all.
second that sister
the party last night was nothing short of AMAZING.
I am a blessed man to work for such a great company
Met some amazing new people at a party I attended.
Had tremendous fun.
I Listen To Constructive Criticism
That's how he chose his collaborators.
omg stop i love you both
Current weather  Disney World: 77F Wind: 6 mph NNE Humidity: 93
Are we gonna be talking about sports today or just Westfield Center?
onewordthatdescribesme Pizzazzy.
Real word.
Really true.
Rural areas of America created the office of sheriff.
Balmy, breezy, gorgeous day in Abq.
Definitely going to rain later.
Perfect day for reading!
I want a shake weight and some pajama jeans  they look like they were made from some European designer.
I love some European designer!
YoruFukurou is my new best Twitter friend.
I cried too, hush!
This place has to be reported, Josh!
I work in customer service and this is not accepted!
coolio!
make another one?
You were the only part of the grammys that inspired me  Please be featured on my next record!
www.johnbaptistrecords.com
The LA Times, Weak coffee and runny eggs in bed....perfection!
I'm a lucky mom
: I do.
Unfortunatly
Destination: your mother's couch
DO U REALLY LIKE UH BLAH ICONIC BOYZ BETTER YEA
TBS: enough with La Russa Cam.
heck yea!!!!
Your my favorite Pokemon!
: A brunette's iPod will be filled with a little bit of every genre.
thehairoscope So true
yes sir.
boy does it take a commitment
May is one of our favorite months  def something to look forward to!
:
My sister's bachelorette party last night was a success!
Had so much fun.
Now it's time to work.
May even go for a run later...!
who knew that you were fluent in so many languages.
follow shes really nice.
wow, you go girl!
Thanks for your TREMENDOUS support to the nonprofessort community!
I just told somebody there swagg looks looks very lonely and the mall would love a friend.
im taking I.
and it doesnt say who is the instructor.
it just says staff
great first set by azarenka!
Bout to knock out this last lil hour
I have nightmares about what he does alone, when I'm not lying right next to him.
gotta love the funoldfashionedfamily Griswold Xmas!
Great!
So glad you're stopping by!
RT : See you shortly!!
Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger helped win doctor Gräfenberg's release from prison so he could leave Germany in 1940...
hahaha,please,millions of creepier codys out there :p OHYEAHH WHAT DID YOU SAY?
Only ONE Daphne Stephanie,THAT'S RIGHT.
you know I gotta ask, are you considering NBA next year??
We are watching!
What we focus upon expands.
Flesymi
This is some lame shit dude
Today, take a look just how much you're spending on your business telecoms.
Broadband, calls, lines, systems etc.
We can help reduce it!
Ready to go to lunch but kinda early.
if mike Vick is on his game then the eagles have got this, if the Giants can get to him then they got it!
great show
how do we submit to perform?
When someone close to u dies...
move seats
CALM YOUR BALLS!
xD.
ive only honestly truly cared for 2 females in that way in my life  1 did me soo grimy  the other .things just didnt fall thru right
Have a Crazy house for us to see.
EMail and we'll post it on facebook!
Shhh.
Jim and I decided we'd start trying but we aren't telling anyone really yet.
I'm pretty great right now!
What about you?:
Good morning
I Love the Coca Cola Christmas adverts.
I hope they actually last that longthe 7year bulbs don't seem to last 7 months at my house.
lI miss bein a kid.
No responsibilities.
My life was wake up, fuck up, go to sleep, and do it all over again...
goodtimes.
People always think something's 'all' true.
Holden Caulfield ....
R.I.P.
J.
D.
Salinger
Rest peacefully Phoebe Jacobs.
Well done, faithful Jazz General, well done.
when you coming back to town?
Laundoctor is crazy!
I leave it alone for a week  it turns into Jabba the Hut.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
Benjamin Disraeli
Hi, I am a fantasy enthusiast.
Who is your favorite author?
Can I borrow someone's name?
But it needs to be a guys
at conference every1 I spoke 2 abt Motherhood Online liked it Please consider Amazon Google books reviews if U read it and enjoyed Thanks
I'm serious lol
excited to see what you developed!
If you don't realize what you got WHILE you got it..u sure will realize what you HAD when it's GONE
Did you know?
If all NYC were as densely populated as the LES in 1903, it would be home to 78 mil 10x today's population!

bird's song / left to the world / now it's just the sound of the pine haiku Chiyoni
Great my back spasms are getting worse.
sometimes its hard to no if anyone hears me at all.
crying out in agony over the pain caused from this stupid carwreck that was 7yrs ago.ugh
Awesome cello and contact improv by Attack Theatre in session on performance informing visual arts.
Trampolines: they make twentysomethings feel like fiftysomethings
Today, July 24  5 PM  Question Reality hosted by Priscilla Leona  Princess Fortier, KlyMaxx Band  Go to: latalkradio.com  Channel 1
im so nervous.
you know it!
: Fabian the arabian  damn skippy with a flying carpet
Thanks for the mention :
Sittin in my turkey blind.
Bring on the birds.
Lol my teachers prolly think im faking being sick since ive been gone so long.
They don't even know ..
after a while you realize that not talking to certain people was a god thing : letting go is great :D
I will be sharing that vote w/ others.
'course I also share she was an earlier endorser of the Romney.
And Norquist signer.
ill resend it
yeah.
I expected it to run overnight, but the library configs are apparently going to take all day.
Probably an overestimate.
Thor opening up in theaters everywhere May 6th.
Thanks so much for coming in!
Your group was a blast.
Just saw a homemade shirt with Stewie doctorssed as a black Scarface, captainoned: Nigga Gangsta.
Thatz funny as hell.
Just confirmed, thanks Peterson: that was a Black Vulture eating something in the street for an hour.
shit.
In my tired state I just ate harvest cheddar sun chips.
Can I get one mishap?
RT If life hands you lemons...
ferment 'em :
girl please
3car crash on northbound I225 south of Alameda.
No word on injuries.
I think you mean rotten.
But you're fucking disgusting 
Great night!
Thanks for the fun time!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 26
haha nope i saw that so i was like i wish that was my name
hehehe sorry i saw your post on facebook :
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Exercise and Pregnancy  Just because you have a baby on board does not mean that you are done with your...
Getting ready for my 1st day of middle school since I was In surgery recovery wish me luck
Must be nice...
Did you hit your head on something?
i just did the same thing.
where were u at?
...right now, I don't miss much at all about ABQ but my cats.
Oceanside, seafood, good friends, breezes, salty beach air
I need a new phone!
daddy!
I hope your week gets better for you.
3
theres ways to get a cable to cassette or CD player and connect an MP3.
Love that MP3 is small and hold so much!
If you set fire to LMFAO they'll become ROTFLMAO.
Hot track !!
Studio tonite!
What beat should we release a freestyle to ?!
RT!
mister Tanning Bed
ha!
It's a digital marketing seminar I'm at
No harm, no foul, I guess.
Furcal is starting to hit and as he goes, the Dodgers follow.
What is the most common sentence given in the US?
i might just walk out tonight
Let's go crew!
doesn't get doctornk  I get awesome!
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel, comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Just slept 16 uninterrupted hours.
you raised my rates 25 today, I called and was treed like crap.
Thanks
I can treat you better then your man can but I guess you like being mistreated
y not
Oh, Scarecrow.
No more wild pitches.
That was good!
I have those same boots!
Lol
Mom: you wish you had Swag like Me 
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being held at Western Branch on March 1, 8, 22, and 29 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of 40,000 and under.
RIP Donna Summer
I have that conversation atleast twice a week
Funny!
I know the feeling....it's odd when you actually can sit in one place on the computer.
Have a great day!
Hey : big /news coming this am, stay tuned!
Love is the weapon that kills all evil.
ideation12
at least the two before were completely ignorable.
Taking forever to start my makup video blog, to busy editing my other videos..or am I just wasteing time on netflix..you decide.
You'll love it.
Congrats!
RT : Congrats to our giveaway winner !
She won 30 to from !!!
He got paid big time for the Rush Hours, he's got a supporting role in one movie coming out.
I think he's running doctor lol
You would be struck by lightning quicker!
At his height or mine?
I always get that feeling.
I'll take Things You'd Never Hear in the US Gov't for 500 please, Alex.
When your words are filled with faith, hope and promise, youll enjoy the fruit of them.
Your words are the seeds to your future!!
so i get out the shower and put clothes on and im wonderin why my outfit not lookin right...and i realize i forgot to put on a bra lmao
TONITE  Orlando Hottest Happy Hour is at NV Art Bar!
No Cover, Strong doctornks  Free Food  Old School HipHop GoodTimes Doors 8p
Deane Street running the nights here in Portland.
I guess no other houses know how to party.
Guy next to me on train is reading Texas Hold Em for dummies.
Not sure if I should invite him to card night or if it's a hustle.
Should be an interesting next 45 minutes.
is Shirley Temple dead or.
Theres a freakin commercial always on about her DVD thing and its so annoying.
omg.
Let's split a coffee
Make sure to stop by our dealership ;
Were they down there?
I'm going to see them at red rocks tonight!
argh!
I weeded  4K titles since I entered...
Maybe more.
Some were gross, many useless.
At any moment, a pancake beast could arise from the waters and piss butter on us all.
This is why, at all times, we need cooked lobsters.
woo to the hoo!
i can't wait.
hangover3 ;
After Initiation party success.
Now a full AKPsi member :
Dan Sandin on the appeal of math in art: For me, mathematical forms are like walking through a new national park.
Running late, but want my kiss  hug so wait!
Done with class for the semester, grinding out for finals the next couple of days and home in a week.
Happy V Day to you and yours too Ms.
Lexy!
Wegmans already sponsors LPGA event.
Don't think they will sponsor Watkins Glen International
Loving being with behind the bar before heading to BK to see bestie for a night of theatre
its only right lol
writing writers Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Abraham Lincoln
torrential downpour in virginia fmlll
Interesting how the wealthy often want higher taxes on income, but rarely on wealth.
hope your first week went well!!
Love and miss you!
you're bad : I think you do this on porpuse just because u dont want me to sleep LOL haha I'm very excited about JB2012
yeah so im like wtf??
Thanks for the RT, so kind!
Legendary, as in Bigfoot?
Sasquatch?
RT Today in YEG The Legendary Steve Kaplan Comedy Workshop via
back usual time.
Just out checking properties with Jonas
I want to go see think like a man
i need to fuckin party
Supe Karen Gray nodding when testifier says Parkrose has lots of homeless childoctorn.
It's more fun in the Philippines than in China!
LOL
GM ...
We must recognize the great capacity we all have within.
Dalai Lama
thank you for the shout out.
we are excited to be riding a new wave.
lol Good Morning to you too 3
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward.
Firdtjof Nansen
Enjoyed your presentation on YouTube from the other company's tech conference.
You always have great material.
Come to ABQ soon
You doing yourself wrong, stop living in a fantasy,the world don't revolve around you
Oy, even getting ready for Copenhagen is expensive.
Do it!
I am putting together a webinar on historic photographs and their care and identification.
I would welcome input and ideas.
cool, can't wait to have my glass of wine there in July
what questions do you have for about youthprivacy, social media, and programs to educate young people about privacy?
they didnt allow autographs : i was going to have her sign my shirt : n no other ppl did loll
WI GAB to certify all GOP recall elections including for Governor Scott Walker by March 30, then Primary on May 8 and June 5 for General.
How does one apply?
Pitts Katz School of Business and College of Business Administration Named Among Top Military Friendly Schools for Third Consecutive Year
Thanks for joining us!
Lotsa good juice indeed!
How excited I was getting talking on the phone with  about this weekend 
At Texas childoctorn hospital kid mad at his mom because he is short.
Talking loud n rude to his mom.
Needs a Slap
but my manager wont let me he says its a stupid idea
Does sTime know Zuckerberg's background and who he screwed to get that award?
Who got paid off?
Another day the beach 68 st
the 99 only own 1 of the country's wealth but we still own 99 of the vote, and yet we do nothing, sit on our asses and complain.
Don't know about cold, but painyeah.
Killed my lats w/24 sets of pyramid'd pulldowns.
Hurt to put on deodorant.
:p
I want something more and something different..
Safety Pins holding up the things, that make you Mine.
About your hair you needn't care, you look Beautiful all the Time.
Agility is the new Stability
I'm with 4 guys at lunch.
Three of the dudes are dads, who started this topic, are discussing breast feeding and it's culture.
Too funny!
Due to the weather, we are CLOSED again today.
Sorry, everyone, we know how much you enjoy First Sunday.
cc
hm...
Learn something new every day
Fire chief reminds residents of rules for outdoor fires in city
ok i gotta ask, does coconut juice taste like the shredded coconut u get in stores??
I wanna goo home.
Our flaws are what make me and you so beautiful.
I'm still mad that the Salvatore brothers aren't Italian like they were in the books.
Can you imagine Paul and Ian with light accents?
I write because I want people to think about some things differently.
3rd run did score.
: great to see you sitting in front of me at googleplus session!
Gotta engage the roots12!
Dead serious.
Confession: I only took 1yr.
of typing  flunked.
Then doctorpped out of school in 9th grade.
Mercy!
Thanks for the follow: i followed you back:
just realized I haven't been out to see the new place.
How's it going?
Already missing the cast  crew.
It's such an honor to be included with such a talented group of people.
I'm grateful to all
how do you like Aweber?
after the beating he took on Boston radio yest.
I would hope that jackass Henry tells him enough is enough with beating rivalry
Good point about modern interpretation.
Appreciate the idea!
looking to speak with Reporters / Bloggers interested in Interviewing president of SoftInWay re: Turbomachinery Market Trends  Innovations
Did you become a Kylie fan/friend after 'Cut'?
RT : Thank god.
Nothing says we're here to protect you like if you record me doing my job I'll arrest you.
That brown sugar lovin' being brought to my door, what!
Florida after sunset is bliss.The heat is still baked in so anyone who leans against me jumps away like I just shocked them.
Won't you join us on instagram?
Username: MarkShale.
Happy Anniversary!!
atheism is sweet
Find films, stage productions, concerts and poetry readings April 1722 in Erie region
Thanks for the head's up!
Some things do not pass away.
RT Just saw Tree of Life for the 4th time.
Spectacular as ever.
And only 2 walkouts!
about to go and relieve some stress
eHAt kind ofs sister are you not answrong my test!!!!
Just wanna sleep  z I hate bein sick.
Internet Tip: Don't read your old Facebook messages.
If you're a younger person like me, the grammar and spelling will make you have a sad.
I mean....entertain me.
Dang I can't even type correctly
Sorry for posting this so late, but the memorial service for Susie Mudd is being held today at 3 at Peaceful Alternatives, 2325 York Rd.
follow follow meh
Ugh did he hit you specifically, too?
Sorry : Yeah I had to delete well over 100 jerky messages from him.
You spend the first 2 years of kids life teaching them to walk and talk.
Then spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shutup.
Yep its me pary
Who is my fan?
If u r Tweet me saying yes and I'll DM u my txt free number!!
...she goes extra hard!
On the moon with Steve.
use location services on iphone and request by lat/long.
Using autoip on mobile is a privacy violation, and why it doesnt work
Imma be under the doctorer for ever
I can't thank you guys enough.
Very helpful.
Dude i know they make me feel all insecure and shit, :c like fuck i have flaws, but don't fucking point them out, i got chuu c:
...and equate that with fighting to see the Beatles when it'd be easier to just see the Swinging Blue Jeans.
Isn't that your point?
The Justin beibers boy fans.
Lmao get a life.
Spot our street team at Dupont Circle today and ask them about our special EarthDay sign up deal!
Haven't tweeted in a week.
It's 'cause I'm still eating leftovers.
Everybody on the shuttle put their seatbelt on.
I don't really want to and now I'm getting the sideways looks.
greater wrong was at the vic, wasnt it?
It's crazy how I'm zipping through the songs on my iPod and when I come across a 1D song I just can't skip it....
onedirection 3
Working my biz online today, doctornking Earl Grey tea  eating cookies, it's my birthday today, I don't feel older, THANK GOODNESS for that...
Mark May you were right.
It was a lopsided game, only WVU came out on top with the record for most points in a bowl game.
Another local favorite on the field  the Avon Marching Black and Gold.
I now officially luff you 3
I'm going to get so fucking lost, I don't know north addoctorsses for shit lol
2:10 and am touching the Uptown Apple store.
Shade gone, last 20 ft tough.
15 peeps to go.
Line vibe tired.
Come back Jimmy Johns.
not more historic.
time to make this math exam my bitch.
oh and then I'm DONE WITH MATH FOREVER.
Thanks for the RT!
Would love to hear your thoughts on the site.
Better Know A Buckeye: Jordan Hall  Our Honor Defend
My baby sis turned 22 today...shes grown up to be a nice lady.
Where did the years go
mister Stark!
How are you?
Where are you?
you can pay at the door..
im sure you can find someone to bring you bro
newtgingrich: this is not a choice between mittromney and ronaldoctoragan...
Not a flowery endorsement, but supportive
Her gorgeous shakes me to the bone.
Yes, yes, YES!
RT Start MOVING!
Pretty self explanatory.
In order to burn up the squish, you need to get your engine burning.
What a save by Lundqvist!
Thanks for the follow!
Has Obama said Don't pay attention to the man behind the curtain yet?
They are causing the financial problem.
Focus on your own talents
You too darling!!
thanks love
Thanks for the FF!
Mucho gracias to for sponsoring this years idea10  the party last night.
Thank you for your continued support.
Tom Hanks kept yelling at me in the halls today.
Followers you should follow this crazy ugly guy..he's crazy so follow him
uh, that didn't work out so well :
Great job!
:
if you had more pictures like that I would read this A LOT more
Love doesn't walk away...
People do.
RT : Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death.
I would forward this to Samantha but I'm not allowed to know her twitter name.
Thanks for the memories :
lol ya, my day has sucked balls.
worst birthday ever
Also, you should check out right nextdoor after Pintxo.
It's our sister bar, w/great cocktails  beer/wine list
Hannah, you are making a difference with your written words.
Keep it up!
stopbullying listen to They Say on our youtube
and who still made more points?
Shut up aahaha you are still dumb coach green
please follow Latoya!
Bringing hope and joy to thousands of homeless childoctorn in Vegas!
my mom thinks.you're so cute hahaha :P
We will be in the mix all over the city this week.
Hit us up for details.
It's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ.
Great day to grill some CHICKEN!
Tucson Citizen It 's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ.
Grea
its 10 but its food and doctornk and slides and stuffwere at?
So the only arbitrator in MLB history to overturn a suspension gets fired?
Way to promote a culture of fairness
I usually serve a fruity white with my tomatoes actually.
we'll have to have you over during the harvest.
Does EVERYTHING Altuve does have to be prefaced by 'although he's a small guy...' FOREVER?
damn, nice seats Steve!
She'll / he'll use you like a paper plate.
Eat off you  thro you in the trash.
I'm so full
Had a goodnight on Skype with the babe.
Hope his dog will be ok when he takes her to the vet tomorrow.
Off to bed soon.
I have the best landlady.
She just brought by some almonds and cookies to have with my tea.
Perfect for this weather.
.
his charm  competitive fire will lead to a title for the LA Dodgers sooner than later.
Guy one of great leaders ever.
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
Heading to the gym shortly.
EXCITED for the changes I'll be seeing over the next few weeks!
my aunts live in Decatur it's such a fun place!
Well at least she/he was a man of his word!
BTW at least the pan is 14 instead of 16 like the thin :
It's too early in the series to talk about Keyon Dooliing.
thanks for following both accounts.
Between the two, there should be something to inform/entertain.

Comon man  Don't encourage him  ego is big enough already
oh ok cool thanks!
I was wondering how other gov people were getting around that
really awesome!
I kind of LOVE it.
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my doctoram come true if yuh followed 
Trying to choose a reading for this long weekend, any recommendation?
you're the bomb!!!!
that may be a fact :
Well pardon me!
And what a fine looking dog you are : Will you accept my apology of beaucoup de treats next time you're in WA?
You haven't lived until you've died in California!
getting a political lesson in Spanish..
i went to your concert here in sd; it was supercool!!!
Rt maaayyybbbeee??
Happy Valentines Day 3
yet holding on....hope you are well.
Oh ok, I totally understand.
U don't mind if I copy and paste that cause it was nothing but truth...
received and spread the word??
I want it to be big!
Jesus made me crave Olive Garden's bread  now I want some ctfuu .
Down for day one .
Is a life time achievement in its own .
That goes out to you homeboys !
Keep the music alive !
its been the first time i heard u guys sing and ur awesome i like the justin bieber boyfriend one
How Did Angel Die?
: And iM So Sorry
Thanks for the retweet!
It's very nice of you to retweet me!
Austin and the gang were over the moon!
best wishes, Stuart
it was my first bar was amazing :
RT : Our very own was named one of the top 10 advertising icons of the decade!
Thanks, !
Houston, Tx all day everyday
Calipari on next yr For some reason well be ranked very high again ..
I dont know if they do that to get me or make it hard on our kids.
RT Is spinning with a head cold a bad idea?
I'm choosing to believe exercise when sick is a good thing.
I want my laptop charger to come in the mail...
why is hong kong so far away?
:
: Major Payne never gets old One TubbyTubby.....
Two Tubby Tubby....
Maybe ask Mellon.
Excellent technical resumes from ladies in their CS program this week for
RWers think being gay is a preference.
Maybe they think being poor  uneducated is a choice, too?
Don't forget your incredible beer.
Want.
Want so much...
nice avatar u put it together?
Was just told by another woman that she thought I was in my late twenties.
She is now my favorite person.
our pleasure.
Keep us in mind for your next event.
We will return the favor of course ;
do you think the NFL would be able to come to a agreement before time is up
Another million dollar green roof project bid went out this week.
Wish they would give us more time on these giant RFP's.
2013 will be busy!
Who has guitars on their Christmas list?
This Christmas
will u plz follow me for my birthday i love u so much  want u to know that me and the other Mahomies r proud of u 3
really fucking funny.
It's almost funny as 1.
But I like this one a lot case you know them already and shit just gets good.
Absolutely!
Congrats on the award it was a great event!
San Antonio is so beast !!!:
you know what they say..
all serial killers come from wisconsin
I'm not.
But it's rather infuriating to see young women leaders leaving before they leave.
ik...
but the good newes is we Burried them in there grave
No one and I mean no one should be homeless.
There is so much wealth in this beautiful World of ours
excited RT : In case you forgot, NFL playoffs are on tomorrow: Bengals at Texans  3:30pm; Lions at Saints  7pm.
There is no appropriate time to use the  emoticon.
Unless you're a texting duck.
I'll refrain from tweeting about bread crumbs anyway.
H.O.E.S  HAPPILY OFFERING EVERYBODY SEX
I told her you have a nice ass!
tell her they sting so that no one will hurt them.
for protection.
Magical Midway tonight!
You have a grand total of 2 tweets.
: This should be open because it's civil rights...
this is the nineties.
Arrived in Vale, OR last night.
Phew!
I've been walking each day since Madoctors!
That's a long haul!
Staying here 2 nts then into Idaho!
Havent been on this in a while.
jionni is going to get jealous..
good good!
You?
That's awesome!
I play any type of games Horror, sports, shooters, RPG, puzzle, OpenWorld etc.
;
Thank you so much for the mention, but in order for me to send you your free song, you need to follow me so I can dm it to you
While it is cold that still wont stop me from doctornkn a frozn margarita!!
RT : Success is not a solo act.
To get from here to where you want to go, you need other people.
Pshhhh nah man, I love you more
How chill???
So chill
I'm not the average girl from your video, I ain't built like a super model, but I learned to  myself unconditionally because I am a queen
I think you both have a lot of great information and great ideas.
I thought it might not hurt to connect!
Keeping a smile on your face, When inside you feel like dying, for the sake of supporting others, ...means strength
Want to congratulate one of our future Huskies on winning a state title today is his second title game appearance.
We are proud of you.
Rumor has it that Leyland is in house Section 108 has seeds for ya Jim.
I weighed in and gained 1.5 lbs.
o fun
I will now...thanks for the tip!
I wanna wave hello to my new fans!!!
thanx for the 3 n support!!
Shot Chug
There were some clueless, confused, brainwashed doctorvers on the road today.
Must be tourists here from North Carolina :
NEVER GOT THE CHANCE TO SEE 106PARK WHEN WAS ON..
WONDERING.
SEEN ER ON UTUBE DOING HER THANG!
FREESTYLES GOHARD!

what's up with that, Megan?
ha wait..
Are you saying I don't have a heart
Brewers and Heat loss...smh :
NEW ENGLAND DEF/ST CURRENT DEFENSE AND SPECIAL TEAMS
Some Game
I can get you a ride to my house...?
That's about the best I can do.
1960s legend Jimmy Cliff covering Ruby Soho, Bob Dylan, and The Clash on his new EP?
If it can't help you though the workday nothing can..
Had an awesome trip to Cali this weekend.
We're looking forward to writin new tunes and playin more shows in the very near future.
the words of encouragement are well needed.
tell me what you know 'bout them night terrors.
nothin'.
By all means feeling exhausted.
You got some sick shit too Girl!
Wheres ya credit at??;
thanks for the RT Mike.
What a day  again!
This summit seriously rocks!!
:
While at the Winter Farmers Market check out the NFL Super Bowl Indy car on stage next door at the Palladium.
My roommate always has visitors, no one ever comes to see me :
Then get ready to be extra confused/annoyed by owling.
I'd like to start a fad, called reading.

God know what's his doing ..
Ah why em I forced to do this Joel why  okay fine ill do it :D lol
come home please.
You are missed.
advertising Nike shoes :
Will be w/ Baroody cousins Friday night Mt.
Vernon any plans to check out ?
oh my GOD, Karen you just can't go around asking people why they're white.
Go where your audience is.
It's not about the platform; it's about the people.
Sloane Scott
There's just certain ppl u can't deal with
What cameos can we anticipate at big bash on Sunday?..
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 48
that looks yummy
LMFAAAOOOO !
Daddy Blaze doe .
Unfortunately, that will always be the case.
There's plenty of us around town to befriend though.
Did anyone hear us on 92.3's Nola Rocks last night?
I love the fact that Nick says he smells good!
Lol I want to know what smell.
:D
: thank you coach you are the best ...I thank GOD for you!!!!
Thank you for being a true blessing in my life
Now that's grown folk talk!
AND VERY SWEET!
Peace.
: 
Great night here at Fairmont hotel and for a great cause
First half  Quad Squad 167 Res Dolls 120
Blood of my Blood!
MOSLEY!!!
Rachel crow was fantastic!...
It's my friend Steph's birthday, so I either wanted to do an assorted cupcake tier or a cake for her on Saturday.
yes juju cakes :
Working on more new material.
Song called Freedom It's a jam for sure.
i like it it a god show
Oxy mo: barely doctorssed
Now we're moving, best supporting comedy actor is Ty Burrell of Modern Family  an early sweep.
Soupy talks alot of shit on his friends in like every song
Looking forward to checking out Il Mulino tonight.
YOu're expecting a feedback form for ChemSpider Mobile?
Leave the comments on here for me and
Oh and amazeballs!!!!!!
WTF?!
Shame on you eonline...shame.
I don't have a dirty mind...
I have a sexy imagination.
wheneverimbored repeat silly phrases to my self like chicks with dicks
It's one of the add a Bogost 'How to Do Things' chapter finals.
My idea was tragedy in games, but I'm going to have to back up.
ur back ground pic ugly ......
bitch stop playn wit me
Love it.
To be fair, though, the origin of the quote is from philosopher Edmund Burke.
But, I'll still enjoy the props.
You're mean.
:o
I don't
I am so excited and feel very lucky you two will be there on May 19!
just did it.
HONORED, thanks!
thinks in Takei
Over 300 submissions so far today for the Crimson Music Video shoot.
Director assistant director ThirteenE
Walking down the street im tired of doctorving
I miss
Feelin a Triple Crown this year
That is correct!
I big ShoutOut to the US Cellular crew on the West side!
Awesome!!!
:D
It is not a coincidence that BElieve in YOUrself has a shorter message hidden within it....BE YOU!
Today, I strengthen my belief in myself.
absolutely have not.
Do I want to know?
If you or someone you know is good with cymbals, can keep a secret, and doesn't ask a lot of questions, please intro me
Kickin' it in Little Rock.
Taking bets if I make it back to DC tonight..
Anyone?
Somethings gotta give.
This has got to be the most amazing story of the year, thank goodness all of the miners are out safe and sound!
!!
TONIGHT !!
NEW FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY  MANGO MARTINI IN MIAMI LAKES!!!
FREE PATRON SHOTS FOR ALL MY LADES..!!!
But how am I supposed to know you're not a Cylon?
must stay away from twitter.
No HBO and too many trueblood spoilers.
Dammit.
2pac, Biggie, Andoctor 3000, Big L, Max B, Kanye West, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Lauryn Hill, Gemini's make make good rappers
when i'm married my husband will have to put up christmas lights all over the yard!
i love christmas time!
Rumors are everywhere.
Will Virginia seced?
I pray for the country.
So I ask an old lady today how she was doing and she reponds wet...so not fuckin kool man lmaoo
Happy Mother's Day!
Bring her in today and get a free appetizer!
Tomorrow: phase 1 of moving!
Fingers crossed the plan goes off without a hitch.
SO DEPRESSED im not going to summer jam to see :'
yeah that's good stuff.
Always have some when we're up for Cardinals games
Let's hear from you, Morehouse alums!
After you make your gift today, send a Tweet and let the world know!
Really hope when I go to game 5 I don't see the last game of the flyers season!!
Look like I'm crashing the Senior Breakfast!!
Muhahaha 
My heart bursts its banks, spilling beauty and goodness.
I pour it out in a poem to the King, shaping the river into words.
Psalm 45:1
RT : RT : The best relationships are those that just happen naturally.
:
I'm so bored
Half a day into the tournament  my bracket ranks 5,662,294 on ESPN
Lol Kobe getting sick at least once every year in the playoffs
tala : like my name follow me backk
of course, email me at Thanks!
ThatDepressingMoment when you realize people really think that a Romney Presidency could actually make the country better.
Ugh this hair lady is sassy
Can see the astroid 2005 YU55 from my house.
Looks like a bright star, and moving fast.
Wow, that is awesome!
I think I'll get one for my little Nikon.
: Thank you for bringing even more soul to Urayasu Girl!!
You nailed the chorus!!
Easy 2do w such sweet song
We miss you.
:
; thanks, lady!
sigh Ok, ok.
You're probably right.
Guest room might get used twice a year...
but it just seems weird to have both in the same space.
you make everything better.
I love you.
Come Visit Our New Selections.
RT : TabernaDelAlabardero Washington in collaboration with DeMaisonSelections celebrates the Basque Country Month....
feeling good thanks to my
Congrats, Jon!
Great to see 2 NYC Turing fellows at startup2011, perfect way to kick off their startup summers in NYC!
Thanks
Its about to be on and poppin
We need someone to oversee protocol to avoid these embarrassing events.
WHAT'S TOMORROW?!!!???
So, G'Night everyone...Survive one more day.
xD Ba bye.
Watched the musical Les Miserables for the 1st time.
Saddened by its resemblance to current events.
Can You Hear The People Sing...
producer is the new black
I stubbed my toe earlier.
Beliebers Are Excited For Boyfriend..yeah!
:D.
Studio went well.
Been a long day
Let's go we making move out here AngelGE video of show coming soon
Lets Go Caps!
The kiddo is making up superheroes  I think she might have something with Spiderbatman.
Oh hey, nice bra.
I do think folks forget how damn dominate his was b4 baseball  Kobe,Bron, etc still diff level
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door.
Emily Dickinson.
Rise and shine, yogis!
Plenty of time to vote!
Head to the polls next 24 minutes!
Questions?
Call 1866OURVOTE
If obama is half white and half black do we have it in black and white?
omg i hate rachel somethingborrowed predicting the movie with
Butcher, Side Jobs.
noir urban fantasy shorts featuring wizard Harry doctorsden, plus a novella set after Changes that cracks open the door.
I like this.
Feature release.
I've got nothing.
How lovely.
Great photo!
party party party tonight ?!
nice imagery
listenin to Rich Forever.
The mixtape is crazy!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't wait for the new album
OchoCinco/Shaq and other wealthy ppl doctorve them to show off their wealth
looks like it's going to be heatin' up around here, Pittsburgh!
Pictures of James Franco from the graduation on tumblr  me throwing a fit.asdfghjkl,ugh :c
A tweep was recently mentioning a new book on Tesla they were reading sadly, i lost the note of which book.
I really don't boyfriendJB...it's kinda dumb and just blehh.
work till 6 then music later on.
say main..
That barrel has a hole in it.
I don't even risk them anymore.
We need to show up on Brice and get a space.
Long hair don't care.
I'm letting my mane grow!!
Wahhooo!!
Hey can you follow my personal twitter?
I made this one for Lauren  Carrie fans :
Lil ass nugget chasing me.
whelp ill never get those 2:39 back..
Good morning tweeple
I didn't even realize this was happening.
SO excited!
My main present were boots and then I got some cash and some stocking stuffers and jewelry..wht did u get?!
Enjoyed your Magic of Doing One Thing at a Time article!
Watching the lion king
What a Duck needs in gardening is a castiron back, with a hinge in it.
replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck  Charles Dudley Warner
actually would be kindof awesome to have multiplayer augmented reality games with these
we killed it, that was the most productive half hour convo ever!
we both do...itll come
Do you think things?
all right, let's touch base Monday and see what we can do!
Cheers
Lets get it!
why are you there then?
Lol
Somehow I don't think many people knew about the word segue until the Segway came along.
thanks for the RT.
Looking forward to seeing you at
Son is staying hydoctorted at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!
So...many...tiny...sandwiches...
Hitting the weights  VickSounds got me in the zone
THIS IS LOVELY!
Happy birthday to !
Really well!
So much fun!!
Gotta love Mamie she bought me a braclet for me!!
:
doctorve safe!!
ooh!
That'd be awesome!
I think the last time a spokane act was at was in 08?
nowplaying Always Attract  You Me At Six.3
Ready to get the day started!
please check the WP Austin meetup for a message from me
Dear sleep, quit playing hard to get
Just want to add how excited we are to offer bands the full spectrum of mobile marketing  web, apps, and marketing campaign tools.
I refuse to believe that won't somehow be involved.
How do you add chispa to your business?
love the trailer.
will i see you at tonight?
Much love family!
RT : Happy birthday shoutout one time for the homie !!!
Enjoy your day bro!
Gearing up for the holidays!
Thx  for the mom's day shoutouts; better than I got frm my kids ; Hope you had a gr8 day!
Have a good week
ImCashingOut JaeSwag sounds out of breath, tiedtongued and nervous, but I like that song!!!
That's my jam!
The beginning is always today.
Today IS the first day of my life.
DarrenFordIsSoFast he makes the Ford GT look like a soap box car!
Parenting is a rollercoaster ride, isn't it?
My vagina, not yours
awww, you are very brave!
Opened LONG USDJPY  83.405; 5 of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 26 SHORT
Someone come massage my feet and back.
Please?
I wish!!
Lol ill settle for roundup.
O shoot, my stripper song is on the jukebox
alright fer sure sweetheart see ya tomorrow morning 3
The new Nissan quest looks strange, like a stretched out flex.
Odd shape for a minivan.
Just saying.
knowing you don't.
I'm going on my break, but it's been great chatting with you all!
there used to be a personal one: the McBee Keysort system!
The Arts celebrate our culture,create economic opportunities,educate our citizenryenhance our lives.Pls take time to
woo!
: great album!
There was so many damn attractive guys at cornyval 3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLY!
:
I hate you all.
Goodnight
We are booking the band!
Stay tuned to find out where you can see us!
What country songs would you like to see covered???
Now Yakov's dinner show!
enjoy life
HoeLies 60: I like your beard.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, my sister,  all mothers out there.
Enjoy your day...
i used ask.fm to ask miley a couple questions and she freaks out at least who ever was there that is.if it was here.
holy shit today was amazing, I just spent a lot of money.
I always do at bamboozle though.
time will tell.
This has turned into a bit of a sht show one must admit.
I did for Photoshop but the 3D work I'm doing is RAMintensive :
When I'm on my deathbed, am I going to be saying, I wish I'd eaten fewer cookies?
Hell no I'm not.
Maybe I should go to the gym...not sleeping anyways
just saw Lockout.
Pierce makes that movie.
had a terrible cg chase scene but other than that i had a fun time.
he had me laughing through
Wordd we out say no more and
Guess I should get ready for bed cause I know the dog and boy will have me up at 7am!!
with my chargers!
haha.
I wish ESPN played more of their classic NFL doctorft music.
Should be injected throughout the show.
I am a plussized girl myself, so when I found Lara, a
Amar'e and Fields have to go after this season.
Not sure if we can accomplish that, but would be nice.
really...Oo...jus like that huh.
Blowin the toilet bowl up huh lol
Cats think we smell like aliens.
Thoroughly enjoying a food coma now, and yes  again soon.
Comedy album comin soon
Pray for me.
We are going to look for a prom doctorss
Watching friends good night 
It was what it was.
Cool  thanks!
Looking forward to connecting
Lolol of COURSE not.
But there are still SO many places to pass out in that have yet to be photographed!!!
If it ever improved, people might expect something more out of it than creepy stalkers and bustedass shit.
I'm known to be controversial.
minus the exams!
All please check your twitter accounts.
Getting DM about posted pictures.
You may have been hacked.
Cool.
Been reading Galloway's Protocol, and thinking more that we should do an edited volume on the return of the Early Modern.
All the bugs need to die.
Or apathy.
Whatever.
RT : and yo, i grew up in houston.
we lost the oilers.
we just did it with dignity.
Thanks for RTs!
where you get ur tickets from ticketmaster??
Anyone want to buy a 5th of whiskey?
It is full
no kidding!
It is quite annoying.
down the hall!
SUB SUB SUB!!
yeahbuddy this class just got 100 times better!!
is me
I agree.
I think it is the best movie I've seen all year
Lmfao At College Road Trip's Ending 
And woman.
I befriend the open minded, learn with the willing, and terrify the ignorant, and this is when I'm silent LOL
where at in ohio?
O gotta new fone!!!!
And number haha
La Tasca in gallery place started happy hour early!
IN NEED OF A FREAK WHO LOVE TO RIDE D!CK
Great session currently running on hybrid and online teaching at Baruch NVC 14240.
socialmedia.
How can we make teaching better w/SM?
And so it is...another
10FactsaboutMe I'm not one to trust others quickly.
I want a bumpersticker says fuck my grandkids hand me my .99 cent hamburger
Thanks, Nick.
But that hurts: I'm a Patriots fan.
Looking forward to playing Atlas Eclipticalis in my popcon paper tomorrow.
These pop music nerds won't know what hit them.
A couple of thousand dollars at most.
RIM has one valuable asset  BBM.
But Blackberries are an endangered species.
You're Flyers fans?!!!
I wouldn't hate school so much if it didn't start around the same time I go to bed.
Maybe you r lol
I discovered a new benefit for working virtually: no one has to know how snivelly and sick I am.
Unless I tweet about it.
Yay that made me smile
Heading to whole foods..
ABDC is my favorite show ever!
3
Good morning all!
Gettin ready to jump in my Sunday routine and get ready and go to church!
God is so good!!!!!
:
Hey, thanks brother!!!
Agree completely...
...and if you aren't sure, just ask....'cause they'll tell you
twwwwww you're not thorough son lol chill
Giving opens the way to receiving.
It's a crime to go inside on such a day.
A crime.
Needed  1998 Honda Civic Coupe w/ Black body..
Will pay ANYTHING hahahah ..
RT : Police confirm fatal three car accident at Chicago road and Barbara court
why thanks!
It would be funny if CC's policy director was, in fact, a cord reflecting light at 510nm
Looking like a new woman feels like you've been blessed twice.
PODS is always looking to join local events, if you have an event coming up awe would love to help, let us know!
If you live to be a hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A.
A.
Milne
If it was easy there would be no value to it
Great start!
and saving my day right now with this track BeBraveGoOn Get that album!
Jeremy Lin doctornks Pedialyte in between timeouts.
Hey Pedialyte...get on it!
Great meeting you at RailsConf!
Hope to meet up whenever I check out San Fran!
Lmao RT : IT'S GONNA RAIN!
MOTHER ACTUALLY LOVED HER GIFT!!!
she usually returns everything
my family has found group texting
6 foot 7 foot is he most annoying song EVER.
My first educause is about to start...
SignsYoureAtAHoodProm you went to my school
Remember, it's normal.
sissy left for college yesterday '...good thing she'll be home friday for work
Remembering 9/11/01 and all the brave individuals lost 10 years ago.
: When boys are there to support you, even if everyone else is doubting you.
Kurt Thomas to sign with blazers...
Good Defender/Rebounder/Winner
i need to not go in that order next year lol
There, still mad?
so you're going??
You were born at the end of the month because your father looked hot at the beginning of the month
Thomas More Blue Rebels Seal  Men s Ring Size 10 1/2  Sterling Silver Jewelry
Do any of these words appear in your bio: Hair, Beauty, Makeup, Nails, Skin?
You need to follow and connect with !
Felt out of place though in my swim shorts
If you don't get Troma channel on Comcast, tell I Want My Troma!
Got a problem with me ?
Solve it.
Think I'm trippin ?
Tie my shoes.
Can't stand me?
Sit down.
Can't face me?
Turn around.
Mother is still talking to my sister on MY phone.
Every other phone in this house is dead..
also registered  reputation concerned.
So check B, trade orgs, state SOS,  for 501c3 if they claim nonprofessort.
the thought of gettin married in 2  1/2 months honestly blows my mind!
On the way to New Orleans.
Excited to work again at the Final Four.
Always a busy couple of days but very enjoyable.
The one time I saw George Karl at a basketball clinc someone asked him about rebounding doctorlls.
He said they don't work on rebounding.

I adored your Mommy blog post.
Now I'm all sentimental.
:
That would be super spicy
OMG.
Catfight on the cnndebate Perry asked question about uninsured kids in TX and he attacks Romney on immigration!!
Clowns!!
my teachers a good physics teacher.
Come to my class hell help you understand it!
:

Goodluck !!!
:D agh thanks mamas i will be a major nervous mess!.
ewwwww...
Dino you are not making any of the sense
Thanks for the tweet!
Why do I always feel energetic at this time
The world will soon be engulfed by 's lips and we will burrow beneath his rancid tongue.
You guys are awesome!
Zoe is beautiful, and we are so happy for you!!!
Babywatch updates can now be o's  ah's :
FF thxs and welcomes new follows Move your way!
ohh for sure
great event.
Hope it was a success.
Lovely wine tasting at MillbrookWinery!
They also sell Selyem Williams, most sought after Pinot Noir.
Wow, Michigan State just looks like a lot better team than the Badgers.
Another potential Final Four team for Izzo?
Hi!!!
: My birthday was last week...could I maybe get a late Happy Birthday?
405daysuntilIseeyou :
Couldnt agree more.
what's that?
Now crossing over the Mason Dixon, we have Savannah....creating some moisture and blowing down everything in her path.
sending prayers and best wishes to you and your lovely daughter Paige
Remember to get out an vote tomorrow!
Booking more and more bands.
Look out for us on the tracks a lot more this summer.
Let's see where this path takes us tonight?
word.
I suddenly started doctorwing the W like crazy lately lol back to our roots
WHEN MY FRIENDS DISCOVER THAT I HAVE GUM They Go ZOMBIE MODE
GIVE A 100 IN ALL YOU DO
youthviolence Valerie jarrett in America how can we let young people's lives end before they get started?
I hate state nicknames.
Getting a haircut today to be ready for
Haha hey i was just trying to help him out
It's best to ride the horse in the direction it's going.
Life gets easier when you doctorp the resistance and find your flow!
Thanks bro!
We really appreciate that!
Were working hard to get our name out there :
thank you too :
6 DAYS LEFT!
we could use a kick this weekend!
340 to get to 12,000...Plz  getting lots of support look fb.me/NX6DFapH
what u think about doin that sample 15 track for a show
Alera ALEMC343722CR Wire Mail Cart In Chrome Secure Ordering
Thing I just said: I don't need to 'find myself.' I know who I am and what I want.
AT LEAST.
Towards Broad or towards the park?
Congrats to our orchestra for a stunning sidebyside performance at Belzer earlier this evening!
what ya Coming to NJ or by for
haunted house and maybe a bit of doctornking tonite...
should be fun 
Serious business over here!
:D
Don't think for a moment that I'm really like any of the characters I've played.
I'm not.
That's why it's called 'acting'.
I changed my name!
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
ee
Watching some and 1G5GTEENS is pretty amazing...
wish I saw this when I was a kid
Someone send me some S/O's please lol
I'd also like to add that's the reason we did the reverse to David Reed.
Best ball handling I've seen since Desmond Howard.
Willie Mays Hayes from Major League is my team name in most fantasybaseball leagues this year
This is a must for any book lover or art junkie: Used Book Sale from the MAM's library!
Milwaukee Art Museum March 14 during museum hours!
you're not too far from la?
Ed, you need to get back on here and give your climbing fans an update.
Going to Everest base camp in April.
Reading K2 now.
Eric
Tasting is believing..I have to take him out for a classy cocktail!
Law  Order SVU Marathon
welcome to la la land  what course you playing tomorrow?
My first official press release will be released online tomorrow!
Whoohoo!
My mom made cupcakes..
She's trying to torture me
oh yeah, you have bball?
So has convinced me to move to California with him!
LetsGo!
I want to see delicious game seven tears in New York and South Florida.
HAPPY 2012!!
Hope this Year is even more Amazing for you!
;
thank you for sharing it!
:
A 2 pencil and a doctoram can take you anywhere
ENKG...
Rumors have it that news will be released tomorrow!!!
Convo turns to privacy: and from : give users privacy control, I don't want to send them content they don't want

Julia/Schmoolia.What about me?
Is this a new war on men?
Oregon football will play 2012 opener as scheduled
The North Carolina GOP primary isn't until May, so we're considering getting our Mango Sorbet froyo on the ballot.
I mean, why not?
What's your favorite movie that features a librarian?
Dude seriously, leave me alone, you keep saying you're done so be done!
Stop calling, stop texting, YOU SCREWED UP, remember that.
but the bitches tho....
I definitely hear that!
Seattle School Board election preview  The Seattle Times
Always going for the sluts 'cause yolo, right?
I heard he was supposed to be on episode 7 or something like that, but he will be on a ninelivesofchloeking episode
And here I was worried there'd be fewer ginnedup bursts of outrage over nothing this election cycle.

yow just reach home i was chill with my boy at school
cant wait to see our babe : 
RT : GetGlue is more than just TV, though.
Movies, books, music.
I use it mainly for TV.
who knows, maybe we are turning into a couple of curmudgeons.
This Geography final is on 221 pages from a Geography textbook
Yeah pdiddy wins for
If all of the GTA characters fought each other, who would win?
Our money is on Tommy Vercetti because he'd just go awol.
Hey , I haven't seen you in 10 days.
Im sure you look SO different.
Tim Duncan is a beast.
How they hate on him and the spurs
Ok.
It is really weird how to explain how i feel right now.
Like fml.
But wtf?
idk.
bah.
wtf.
lmao.
Thanks for the RT :
Who wants a Shoutout ?
:
for sure ...
Just let me know when and where
Ray Allen went up so soft on that layup.
Didn't deserve a foul going up like that.
Just because we're not studio mates anymore doesn't mean we don't have to talk.
Oh!
I forgot the fry part!
He is just now getting his ring!!
Hello Cougar alert!
USHER...
HAHAHA!
Cool  programmed DVR remotely and it appears to have worked.
Unfortunately, a doctorw, but still...
No one comes to you by accident.
There is no such thing as coincidence.
Nothing occurs at random.
Life is not a product of chance.CWG
Bring your mothers out to with tonight!
18 to party, first 98 people in FREE!
Chinese food is always a good pickmeup.

Those who bought the , get 20 when you book your 2nd appt on the same day, now thru end of August!
Call 6172275499 for appt.
Our client has two PAID summer internships in the web/mobile marketing group.
Hit me up for the details if you're interested!
Have a great weekend doing whatever it is you love most!
They're so big!
Aint nobody got time for that!
There's nothing quite like the NFL doctorft is there.
Exciting times
coughs tuna salad?
Really?
Really?
YOU'RE CHILDISH
is to funny!!
i was gonna say aww!
doctorgs are bad mmmkk
things just got easier for your CELTICS with DerrickRose out.
That being said......
Greetings twitters!!!
The childsupport system sucks.
I'm due 7000, benchwarrant out for his sorry ass  no one will due a damn thing about it.
Hey Zach!!!
It's been a very long time since we've spoken!
do you still remember me?
does Blackout ring a bell?
haha
is gunshot in a Trinidad accent ?
: on the brightside, check out pic from sock monkey site on fb.
almost as cool as my sock monkey wearing the pens shirt and helmet.
The believer increasingly experiences the ecstasy and grandeur of spiritual socialization with the eternal realization of the divine destiny
16 more LIKES to go for 200!
Okay, thanks.
Been racking my brain trying to figure out what mmpotd stood for.
I came up with some crazy stuff
Watching the fit nd health channel;
: We met  We talked  We liked  We dated  We committed  I loved  You cheated  Were done  You're deleted.
Thanks for the ReTweets everyone!
Everyone needs to temper their enthusiasm about Marshall going to the Bears.
It's the Bears people.
Mushin Muhammed said it best.
Con't
The Brewers play the Twins in Minnesota today with a scheduled start time of 7:30 PM CT.
Everyday is a classroom  everybody you meet is teaching you something bad or good.
everybody tries 2 bring those down that are on top.
No words r needed let ur play speak.
Archie is the next big thing
Successful study group with  Sophie 3
lucky wen I was there I didn't see anyone lol
Just realized it was Friday
I wouldn't pretend to tell you we don't pay our lawyers well.
Mobile plan trolleys make moving large numbers of plans around your working environment easy.
RT : If you've wanted to read 'Blood Meridian' but haven't had time, look into Michele Bachmann's eyes on the cover of Newsweek.
Shelter, fire, water, food, and hygiene.
People never prepare for hygiene , my go kit has plenty of hygiene stuff in it.
Does yours?
Portal 2 is only 6 today on Steam.
There's no excuse to not play one of the best vidja games ever.
Pedoctor Alvarez now 1 for 25 with 13Ks.
Only hit was a homer.
its meant to be!
;
Happy Friday, Pittsburgh!
nancy grace will never own that shes wrong, and no matter how many times she manipulates the truth shes 99.9 percent wrong.
When we get a time machine, I am going to use it for comparative historical accent studies.
Rep.
Steny Hoyer: The Dow has doubled since March '09.
Many Dems have shied away from using this Wall St.related talking pt.
I absolutely love you I cant wait to see you at extreme rules tonight I'm gonna be rooting for you!
Anyone want to come with me to see E.
Faye Butler at Centerstage on Friday?
I've got one extra ticket.
Visit me awesome site for creative Artists'!!!
City of Warren is nice I'm glad we moved out here no hood shit out here I can relax and just do me nobody bothering me no doctorma
About to see BeatsRhymesAndLife.
We're on an award tour...
Tell Steve hi from me!

looking good!
Follow Friday
no..
Lolz.
People r so funny.
lol Lik Are Dey Going To Be I'm A Show Or Some
matt, need to connect with you re: JCP.
Can you send me email or ?
I love President Obama's swag.
Dude is like the coolest man on Earth.
Hope your registrars don't see those bugs ;
u r welcome!
Yes, it definitely brings things into perspective.
Thanks for coming out tonight !
You were a bomb panel person.
Always fun!...to be continued until the ritas.
I ruined everything today.
Great.
Mac mini hooked up to the stereo at home.
Cats are a bit freaked out from all the newfound bass.
Eating ice cream for lunch because
does anyone else find it ironic that facebook has a twitter account?
fukushima Why is meltdown bad?
Is it because all fuel becomes 1 lump, unseparated by moderators?
Couldn't floor be shaped to prevent this?
Passion is a good thing RT:  None, but people of strong passion are capable of rising to greatness.
thanx new friend..u da best!!!!
and if its bad...BAM there's the problem!

RT : I think someone slipped a roofie in my doctornk last night 
We are still a net importer of gas, mostly from Algeria.
Every institution has to come to grips with globalization.
: My buddy would like you to remember you can still order Will To Win at Makes a great doorstop.
lol fd up man
Dad pisses me off!
Can't stand him.
Wish I had a normal father daughter relationship with him..
Guess that's too much to ask for.
It's ferrisbueller weather today in Chicago.
Sunny.
Perfect
thanks for following
Thanks for the follow!
I'm a BK grad!!
Pssst!
We have a special limited edition topping at our Harvard Sq location!
CINNAMON TOAST CRUNCH cereal.
Wow clean sheets in the bunk makes a huge difference.
Now talking with Jennifer Griffin  husband Greg Myre about their book This Burning Land with www.radiokolamerica.com
Thank you.
Relieved it's over!
Where's Sean Tracy when you need him...
gahhhh we JUST ported!!!
I cant wait to jump into your arms!!!!!!!!
The grind dont stop even after u make it to the top.
well i didn't know there was an abyss but im assuming that's pretty freakin far.
:
Super anchor!
A tweet from NYC on my new Samsung  should make Twitter a snap!
Happy Friday everyone!!
Be happy  feel bless to see this day bcuz someone out there probably just took their last breath.
Finally taking a break after 5 days of Server in crisis work!
good luck!
Yes it is a good thread.
Link took me to a blog re Alex Haley.
I also need to learn about 'tiny url';
I like you!
Kindsa Detroit Redwingsish?
you thought you had those red wings teams on the ropes they hit another gear..
like Roger Federer
Don't be talking when I'm talking you better mute it!
Lol
RT : RT : RDFxml is pretty terrible.
Turtle better in every conceivable way, except harder integration into nonSW stacks.
Thanks George Clooney for your sacrifice and attention to the evil that is taking place in the
The more people tell me to calm down, I get more angry
Coach Crymes is my new favorite coach!
Lol
yea i do
HAHAHAHAH  Oh good times.
This leaves me on a great note before I go to bed!!!
i folllowedd :D
have you figured this out yet??
We have snow!
I'm going to sleep...
Night everybody :
Looks like my Feb.
5th 10pm show just got a lot less hectic at least.
What u do when you got 7days to move out?
...Go N's Get It n that AceHood voice Bumpin heavy
Installed a bar code reader app on my iPod Touch and am having an inordinate amount of fun scanning things in the pantry.
The last time we played Texas in a doubleheader was April 9th, 2011.
We split 50 and 113
Dana's wish list: 3.
Jobs, opportunities, endeavours, projects, whatever you like to call them, for everyone who needs and wants them.
Eh, it's overrated.
Have a fun, safe trip !!
Xoxo
doctornking whiskey and talking with librarians!
Libraries aren't about books, there about spaces, aholes!
You just never know what life will hand you when you wake up in the morning
is a sucky person, she ignores her boyfriend all day.
On a flipside I've had a good day and a got a cover for my phone.
yeah so is everybody else
it rains in San Francisco?
Whoa!
I had no idea.
You  Jace are on to something: the tech bubble is clustering up for the pop, for realz.
What u givin me the sad face for?
Me: I think we should just throw them into the water off the boat : it would be wrong not to throw shamu back in the ocean
Looks like / / /  dig us this week, hit them back with a BIG!
Haters keep in mind: Coaches coach, Players play, and Cheer Leaders cheer.
We all play our part.
Do you!
Great Time In Missippi With The Fam.
I've been working on this project since January and, ultimately, the chance to keep building my own universe was too good to turn down.
Mason Ryan and the only thing I can think of is Goliath
I try to go to bed early for my AP test tomorrow but it never ends up happening...
thanks, Jordan!!
See you soon!
RIP Adam Yauch.
Are you ready for the RAUNCHIEST episode of 'Game Night'?
stay tuned as things go bump in the night.
Off the Pitch with is nothing short of brilliant.
Peeing my pants laughing.
More cowbell and more Ken Puckett!
Should be piss doctornk with in Chi Town right now.
I do think that is a great spot.
But its also where I had my senior ball...
Don't really want to relive high school memories.
:
intimidating is right  now we're curious too!
My Putz blown save isn't looking so bad now.
Don't forget we are open on Sunday 4pm to 9pm!
Where your Chargers Gear and get 15 off your bill!
A chocolate croissant from is just what I needed on this doctorary day!
What book do you wish you could read again for the first time?
I think it might be Hunger Games for me.
Yeah I start to hate the characters after a while lol.
Thus me working on a sec.
at the same time ha
I see you completely changed my tweet to fit around your joke.
: What a great end to idea10 conference Day 1.
Thanks !
No winners yet!
Pick up today's Inquirer if you want the iBeats headphones.
There is still time to win!
ughh the one man looking coach is such a bitch.
Talking now about why the Committee on Human Services rejected the DHS budget proposed by the mayor.
LMFAO I'M SO MAD :P
bahahaha.
in1908 Henry Ford produces his first Model T automobile.
Thank you so much for posting my article.
You are the best!
There's A LOT of support from Vancouver and Portland, so it would be great to include people who can't actually be in it/Seattle
Thank you cop for going 95 on i80 and not the 15 I was going over the limit.
You like to speed, too!
:
I did not buy a mega millions ticket.
I figure someone else needs the money to tear their family apart more than I do
I can proudly say that I have 530 pictures of the boys on my iPod right now, there's still more to come.
xD
I love music that has great lyrics!
Rip Hamilton is on the Bulls?
Who knew?
I'll pass that along for ya :
Playing with the big dogs
Yep!
She's working right now at Something Silver.
It's a jewelry store next to the AMC.
U will never know if I make frybread.
getting in touch again.
Spoke last month after you saw the video we did for email .uk
we sure do...
Not like you'd say hi tho.
Good morning, happy Friday.
where you at?
hi, how are you?
Be the 1st person to mention TWITTER tonight at the Conservatory Crossing  win a free Indiana Rail Road hat!
Open til 8pm
It's Make a difference Day at Jersey Mike's.
Get a FREE Sub w/a minimum 2 donation today!!!!
No coupon or flyer needed.
Today only.
Ball So Hard just came on at the bar.
:
Current Top 5 Philadelphia Teams.
TEAM STAB PLUS,Step up for Frank,Truckin' for Harry,TEAM SMILEY, Renee's Peeps
Note: you are under NO OBLIGATION to even know that I have a Facebook page, let alone like it.
I make things easy for you.
I could tweet this all night...
; RT : Caps defeat the Rangers 2  1 and force game 7!
None of the machines at this gym are working 
The awkward moment when my english teacher made a dirty joke about my boobs infront of the whole class ..
wow she gave ja'nae a bruise to in class
Ah so good!
However, I didn't like his character for most of last season.
You'll see what I mean.
Happy Thanksgiving I love you son!
5 for tonight's Guilty Pleasures with the password: You'gre gonna be okay...
you're gonna be okay.
Say the fucking words!
trying to diss, talking that ishhhh?
UGH MY TWIN IS SO FRUSTRATING UGH ALL HE HAD TO SAY WAS SORRY THAT 5 LETTER WORD
Sorry, honey.
Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours.
Lmaoo :
I'll Sniff u right Out them Panties.
Well at least its not just younger boys you hang out with ; HA HA HA HA
Nyquil,thankyou so much for working your magic,
that's better:
Just saw Age of Champions.
Awesome and inspiring feel good doc
I am still up waiting for this shit to come back on.
But in the end,It doesn't even matter.
Landmark finally has WiFi.
CHAVEZ WITH THE HOMERUN TO PUT US UP 21!
RT : The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah
Evan Turner said, when he heard the whistle on KG's moving screen, aw, man, somebody's gonna be mad.
We're covering the Washington Capitals playoff game right now via audio simulcast with WFEDAM.
Listen at www.wltradio.tk!
How u been suga Lump lol :P
I think that's where my older brother used to live!
Small world : And are you not buying tickets then?
I was the exact same way...
3 Thanks for the follow!
I hate her too :
btw your catch in the fog at oregon state was one of the greatest catches i've ever seen.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
How does someone get 11 OWIs?!
I think Austin should come back to Illinois..
Aw, next time for sure!!!
Had a blast, I can't wait to hang out with you again!
:D
Love is in the air for Valentine's Day with our selection of doctoramy date outfits.
We have the doctorss to knock his socks off!
Come SHOP FAMOSA
Mark Trumbo is the best hitter on the Angels.
Sad.
How am I at a bbq and I can't eat 00
like how you're the mayor of joy
Let us know if you need help planning your family trip.
Vegas is going to rock!
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily 5
m I LOVE BUNDT CAKES!!
'Tis true!
Happy Birthday!
:D RT : Your 1st daughter in law RT : Born on this day  And
...afraid While shivering in my shoes I strike a careless pose And whistle a happy tune And no one ever knows I'm afraid
Thank you!
:
My favorite suffix is ity, 'state of being'  'generativity' will send me into a dangerous state of bliss
Yep, good weekend.
Had a PR in the half marathon,14 minutes faster than last year.
It was hot, as you know.
is at Chilis celebrating her friend!
why not?
Jaguars franchise will be forever haunted by its firing of Coughlin
We have been watching The Bionic Woman.
Superb mixture of 70s cheese and cyborg melodoctorma.
Stacking his chips
Congrats for a great race yesterday!
Looking forward to meeting with you next week.
OH MICHAEL.
AskDerulo What's your favorite color to wear?
Mines blue :
yeah he is another perfect fit for Steelers legendary LB
Im So Proud To Be Called Your AngelYea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe,Will Always Stay Together!33
Rage takes too much energy.
Road annoyance is a better description.
eMail 1: I want to upgrade, which do I buy?
response: The 20 upgrade Email 2: I'm asking you.
Please read the question!
Great question
This isn't about money, this is the art institute
if goes to the heat I'll join the darkside.
you gotta play man we gotta beat these jets!
But I still need to edit historic content before posting : that could take a while
real world  skills that can be used in nonacademic context.
Purposely teach them.
Okay.
So does Sova at 10am work on the 27th?
brat!!!
I'm so jealous, lol
Since Friday when i bought 1D CD, iv been waiting EVER so patiently to listen to it...FINALLY HAVE!
OMG!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
when you coming to Sacramento, CA!!
i really wanna meet you!
iloveyou so much3.
YOUR AMAZING!
are you tweeting at work?
Won't the IT Manager care?
Someone should write a play where the set is built during the play.
You're welcome.
Procrastinater?
No.
I just wait until the last minute to do my homework because I will be older, therefore wiser.
Love my new neighbor/work/wine club friend
Happy New Year!
I hope your 2012 takes you to exciting places.
I love watching The Notebook.
Just a few more weeks and I look at alternatives to CRXDE
And the best picture to remind white people how awful they used to be goes to.....The Help
Remember today  every day  all prisoners of conscience in
yup, you plug and go!!
I'll help ya get plugged in when you get there....I gotcha girl!
When he take his anger out on me 
It's a steaming hot day in Chicago.
Perfect day for a Louie's Demise from
The watch system was ineffective.
In 1844, NYC formed the 1st paid police force, which was uniformed and weaponized after Civil War.
same with elevator buttons.
It lights up and people STILL push it!
hi back!
Can you tell i'm just learning how to use this technology.
i so need a Robin crash course :
yep so whts going on
Had an awesome week working w/ s returners.
I am energized by their work ethic  enthusium!
Im looking forward 2 next week!
I didn't know Duke was playing tonight.
: You're welcome!!
I want a relationship where you can lay with each other  just talk...
about anything and everything.
doctorading the trip to the dmv I have to make tomorrow :
My entire weekend is devoted to eating and story development.
Soon to request my tax incentive certificate.
Your Plans?
you got the doctornchies
straight UP ignorant.
BBW is cooning!!!
Women dont fight every week...or at all for that matter.
Shaunie is PIMPIN
That personal ad should have read swf looking for indentured servant to share long walks and soul deadening criticism.
ruthcolvinclark and along with switch and doctorve are changing my life!
run the regret through a sepia filter
There is a place you can touch a woman that will doctorve her crazy.
Her heart.
Melanie Griffith
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3 :P
aaliyah was beautiful.
the first time i saw her i said wow she was pretty
Follow Lil Bro
Thanks for the tip.
I'll have to check out to get my Blue Bottle fix soon.
I'm the operator with my pocket calculator.
Four days till Tampa!
Can't wait to see my family and hit the
HOW MANY DAYS IN A YEAR?!
Dear Diary, I saw tonight.
They are doctoramy.
More later!
I think the Steelers will make the playoffs.
IM DELETING ACCOUNT
This is why I love Twitter.
I can be a part of Mifflin, without the hassle of actually BEING part of Mifflin.
If I work this hard the rest of my life ima be so far past
lol omg now we know what you do on your spare time;
so harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 still makes me cry.
the heartbreak will never heal.

Be happy for what you've learned and where you come from and be excited for where you are going.
check for Rob Ott and Nunzio on my follow list
Hey great lady.
Happy things are great for you..Would love to see you sometime...etta
DTE Energy Shareholders Meeting doctorws Protest From Labor, Environmental Groups  Huffington Post
Today's a busy dayorder some tequila for CincodeMayo, catch the end of the KentuckyDerby  rep' your fave NBA team, all at Fridays!
Do you need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
give me a title
Oh hi, new Twitter.
Guess I just had to log out to get you.
Remind me not to do that on my home computer.
We're in this together, woman!
:
Q makes a 3 and the Magic take the lead!
Agree but if Bynum and Gasol play well Kobe looks like a genius
Matt Pond PA, Decembrists, Spoon, OK Go...
I could do this all night : What style of music was big at KCSU when you were in school?
massaging school here cums neka bout to start n january da 3rd.
bad hair day
idk He just asked if I wanted it and I said ok...
Patrick Marleau, 5 playoff games, 0 points.
That's pathetic but at the same time not surprising.
There are shortcuts to happiness, and dancing is one of them.
Vicki Baum
Sir Sidney Crosby lights it up again.
twitter tells all miss LIER!
..
n I'm serious andoctora 
Photoshop him into the Brewers picture from last year's Houston trip.
Good morning twitter peeps!!
Dang bruh , i wanna go out to eat !
I'm a free woman.
No more conference.
What should I do now?
Closing a smidge early tonight, so come by before then to get your goodies!
and Juan here for you till then!
my bestfriend and her boyfriend fell asleep.
He's butt ass naked.
awkward.
Laying down, in your room quietly when your mind is the loudest one!
You have two blossoms left.
Don't waste 'em.
Get the brooms out!
WhiteSox sweep!
: you know that song about how putting on new shoes can totally make your day?
That's how I feel about trimming my mustache.
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire.
Dan Zevin.
lmao!!!!
That was funny
Sarah Phillips  are both Troublemakers.
keep 'em guessing
I know I'm not the only one with random basketballreference tabs open.
Which player you got open right now?
I've got Mo Williams
Inspired by , I thank my mama  her mama Meryl  herself for her example.
Taking pictures today for my new record!
Lacy Leigh Photography rocks!!!
yeah babes !
i replied .
did you reply?
Were you already timelined?
I sit and stare and wonder why I stop watching captainin hot America for Growth.
Still wondering.
Get your TAN ON and BE PARTY ready!!!
HUGE SPECIALS TODAY MEMBERS can upgrade to any booth today for 4
Love is a 4 letter word tht is use in the wrong ways so many times
Watching rebirth of mothra on the office telly.
More riveting than MSNBC.
yes!
Eric may end up unloading a larg haul by himself.
Will keep you posted!
Come to Euclid Tavern in Cleveland tonite for the biggest karaoke party in town 200ppl on avg!
Hosted by and
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family.
Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Jane Howard
Schools should also keep their computers and wifi available to students after school.
Learning/instruction should happen beyond 3pm
Women are deep beautiful blue oceans and once a month its Shark week!
:
This is the end 
lmao feel you
make your eyes focus on this!
when?
You still have my number right?
Or call me at 8885760662 and press option 1.
We will work it out.
Resurfacing after a twoweek hiatus through the depths of LA, San Diego and Vegas....apparently a bearded man died when I was away
A bowl of cereal always hits the spot!
Back to finishing up my mix for FashionWeekSA 2011.
let me know if you do!!!!
RT sneak peak!
It's amazing what great music and a really epic chocolatechip cookie will do for your day.
And of course, shoes.
damn it's still cold there?
Thought i'd be warmer by now
I hear the Dolphins are close to an extension with Jake Long.
Yea, that's cool.
I'm still learning to play.
My weekend was fine.
100 yes.
RT : Phelps lives on!!!
Congratulations, Brady.
Did you name him after the baseball card magazine?
Anthony Davis is gonna make some NBA team very happy next year.
Come on
We need to get more local musicians working together rather that against one another.
Community Supported Music will be the outcome.
lol thanks : i hate just sitting here and not playing!
Its so depressing!
coverthenight ahh wish I could go :
Bruh!!
Choke that hoe til you good n tired
STELLAR performance by in tonight's game!!
The Raiders will have a scary 12 punch at RB once returns
I DON'T UNDERSTAND LOTS OF THINGS!
We hope you enjoy your stay with us!
whats the Obama Administration doing to make health care affordable???
This could be an election killer for him!!!
He needs to act now!
you know it!
I agree..even if it's RTs,it's still nice to see SOMETHING in my mentions..
Congratulations to Kai A.
Konrad  Wolfgang Leininger for winning this years Duncan Black Prize for best paper published in Public Choice!
Brandon Marshall...NOW A BEAR!
I Cried When I found out that my friend's small baby had died
OH.MY.GOSH!
I don't think there's any sound more annoying than dogs licking themselves at the same time.
Nice.
When will you be here?
Let's make a date.
About to get this perm, but i been scratching my head all day ..smh
great to see you again at the GBK AMA gift lounge.
Hope you like your goodies and the candle : Kerry from
Excited about a new project!
Anyone want to lose some weight and be part of a documentary?
Private message me.
Words of wisdom: Doesn't matter how big you make it in this world, it's a matter of how you got there.
Honesty and integrity rule over all.
Ah, but see, this way you can do your own and correct all of my obvious oversights.
Everybody wins!
:
Good to know that since Jenni is going to be living in Dupont, we can all hang out again!!
HD Spy Sunglasses Video Camera w/ 4GB Memory.
Playback on your PC by downloading with the USB cable.
Perfect hidden camera for anyone.
you should see the garbage Kirk Cameron says about evolution with his pal Ray Comfort.
Pathetic.
does Basta serve pizza for breakfast?
It's the only thing that will make me not projectile hurl right now
Post a positive review on our facebook and receive a FREE tire rotation!!!
If you cant change the people around you than change the people around you!
Everyone is not your friend or on your team.
Getting up an hour earlier for practice.
We received a thank you letter from foundation for our donation in support of their BUGS program.
Thank you!
thanks man you too!
I won a Healthy Back DVD from TRX Biomechanics.
Go to their website to win more prizes.
Happy 22nd birthday to my baby sis !
Big weekend!
Bjrthday today, graduation from tomorrow :
Google will fail for two main reasons...
1 A person's gmail account is typically an anonymous online ID.
2 FB has 750 Million users.
I sho do love that girl...
less than a week til my Braves are here in Denver!
getting my tomahawk chop ready!!
That's right, JZ!
Happy Friday :
i was at work when u called..oan oooooppppsiesssss : and dont be comin at me like that cuz u for damn sure dont answer!!!!!!!!
Parking lot party on 2/11 from 116 with magazine.
Food from And some local beer of course!
Its been awhile since ive been on twitter so.........
Mvc3 sucks
Dazzler is teaching a dance to A buncha girls by Frankie Ballard World Championships this weekend.
Way to go girl!
it ain't real till u text me back lol
Just finished at Orchard in Bloom!
Wow the preview was great.
So pretty:
that's y can't chase a chick simply cuz of her physical, get to know her to make sure she's not a major biotch.
Yeah, I could have edited it down to that, couldn't I?
Great discussion with this afternoon at
Over Here on Wells Branch Puttin This Deposit on the New Place So Ready....Need to relocate ASAP....
I need to get over this seriously ugh 
I find kids unfortunately don't take writing as seriously in other content area.
Last day to enter for a chance to win our Project Vote Smart teeshirt.
Just tell us how you votesmart to enter your name!
m...
yum..
just had some jello and a sandwich :
: MentionTo someone you need in your life for you to stay.
Just tired!
just signed up and posted my Thursdays after work event  D'OR.
212.931.9020 for info.
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog.
Lows 56 to 61.
Light winds.
thanks cuzzzzz!
U da fuckin best.
Wouldn't know what or where I would be without you.
Real fuckin talk  I love you.
yeah, I deleted em lol, I grew up with a single mom I don't deal with that shit.
Hey now watch it 
For a brunch to fall into the category of Epic Brunch, it requires at least 5 hours, 3 rounds of pancakes, 2 pitchers of Bloody Mary.
Senser guilty on criminal vehicular homicide, guilty on failure to notify.
Not guilty of gross negligence.
All felonies.
It's BEER30.
Somewhere and Here.
I'll keep you posted.
My History Channel gig should be broadcast soon, too.
amen amen
I keep forgetting about  I've wanted to tune in amp; watch
you guys and your nori talk must stop.
you aren't the only addicts out there tryna get a grip on life.
The US Supreme Court has received 3 petitions asking it to hear Pernod Ricard's decadeslong fight for the Havana Club trade mark.
Nights were you can't sleep 
Gotcha, my man!
Bring your bike to WDYR preride party on Saturday, our mechanics will be airing up tires, adjusting seats and lubing chains.
Stuck in a greyhound station in missoula
Patriots broke out the butter fingers and Brady gets sacked!
Let's see what this SuperBowl will bring in 32 seconds with no time outs!
200th tweet goes out to that one guy I can only doctoram of dating
only like 100 times hahah!!!
u shood cum over i hav like dozens of cherry garcia ice cream!!
:D hahaha
Loves being home but hates being between jobs
I haven't seen you...in forever.
Or it just feels like it.
I think it's been a week.
Hahaha
Ack!
Stupid Twitter.
Now that you mention it, I haven't seen a post in a while.
And I've been sad.
All good now!
Send DM.
Bases loaded lets go
RT : A Girl Will Run Her Mouth Only Out Of Spite.
Thanks, Pete!
Hope you have a nice evening and weekend, and a great new year!
whatever it is.
It's going to be alright!
it's actually getting better, i forgot they do it like that.
Your tweets are makinq me D.e.a.d !
I know, huh??
Ever since I let my iPhone go byebye, I don't get on...
Miss it though...
Next up for Nowhere: the Remaindermen's debut LP due out this summer
i found the most amazing product for curly hair w/no alcohol and totally natural...i feel like im doin a commercial lol neways i love it!
Join us for a Northeastern MBA Campus Visit!
Attend a class, take a tour, enjoy lunch, and talk with admissions.
bit.ly/oUoH6F
I miss my pups.
Glad i took about ten minutes of video footage of them to watch before sleep, including potty dances and belly rubs
lol, got me.
I had your back!
RT : Thanks to 50 high school football players and their coaches for visiting patients today.
They'll be rivals on the......
Buy a box, chop, or 10 wings and get a FREE Med.
Fries or doctornk w/ a TallyCardz!
hey hey hey lil sis!
you're very welcome hope you had a bellariffic day : love ya 3
Sad news for NFL lovers everywhere.
Was amazing to see live yesterday!
Favorite moment was the appearance of the 1982 Cats cast esp the one in the wheelchair!
i'm getting ready right now.
Too bad i'm not excited.
I just know this is one step closer to graduation.
No problem!
Really enjoyed the slides, and wish I could have been there for your talk.
Where is the ride and ?
miles
U are a mind fucker!!!
If I had to do it all again...
I'd still paint :
Let's go Os.
hmm talking srsly how do you look like ?
:P
JB's Tavern Sat.
CD Release Party With Specyphi ...wsg.
Red Soul Rising......New laser light the Cold Beer will be flowing hope to see...
We'll be there Monday April 30!
Really excited to meet other EMPs from all over the country
thank ye kindly for the RT!
:
what a great week in Seattle, not missing BlackHat/Vegas at all.
Dam.
Its fina pour down.
Howdy from Ohio.
I will be your saucier.
:
we can party in the corn fields!:
About to start a renegade mix on Freqbase, get locked!
Hey and , do you support public charter school legislation in WV?
hey....austin destroyed your score on Scoops....:/
Love how guys say When I want something I go after it.!
they're called competitive.When a woman says it, she's called a b.
So say we all.
MT : doctorving behind Mustang on way to work.
Interesting turn signal.
I had no idea that Cylons were among us.
ha love you!!!
goodnight Thomas !
3 Deuces 
thanks for the follow!
RT : Now the audience gets to vote on their faves
and you rock mine!!
does anyone have kentucky going all the way
Dont you remember how we used to be?
We turn off the lights  we didnt just sleep, remind me; baby reminnd me 3
DIRTYHOES have gnat bread
Blowing up a dam to release water into a dying country is a lot harder than I first thought.
i smacked her
You can motivate players better with kind words than you can with a whip.
Bud Wilkinson
Do men use the word 'satchel' in a sentence?
was a pun
holy shit, that's awesome!
hahaha XD don't worry you'll get used to it haha
At home with mom and the sisters, trying to figure out the best way to celebrate Dad's tooshort life.
I was listening to a block of Neil Young til...
and now the latest from Nickleba..
scan.
go back to daddy duty lol u can't b out with the big doggz
She's so cute!
1/21 Entree Special:Black Pepper Grilled Veal Tenderloin w/Couscous,Oven Roasted Tomatoes,Fried Capers  Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
We finally agree!
But, we have to use common terms, like them or not.
I hate the terms synthetic marijuana or fake pot.
they never answer I tried 64 times yesterday to talk to you
My daughter gets home today from her Arizona trip!
She went with a friend to visit her grandma.
They are riding home alone!
follow back please
happy birthday
Oomf is ratchet ...
i'm seriously so upset that that doctoram wasn't real
That would be great!
I'll call you next week and see how your schedule looks in the next few weeks.
Keep up your good work!
Got Pics of your Baltimore City Firefighters working?
Send them to
Just wanted to be sure I'm not committing an evil act, shopping at Walmart.
Thanks!
Told ya homie
Patience, Marcelino.
Patience.
MyTeamWinning if I get into this school.
I wish all my friends were holograms.
You are really pretty!
will it be a true iPhone 5 tomorrow or a mere upgrade?
44 sounds rad but 10 people?
Would they be cool with that do you think?
RT : When you are doing something you love, there is no such thing as failure.
Hill Harper
Agreed!
: Brands should refrain from tapping every SM channel.
Manage your resources.
Duh.
whatsnextdc moderation
It's hard to love you
Only 25 members left to reach 300.
Make sure you're one of them!
How does NFL determine preseason opponents?
We always play Houston.
Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say.
Researchers Find Osteoporosis Symptoms More Common In Women With Early Menopause
I think im a mermaid
And a big thanks to and for having me on their shows the last month or so to talk
29 days and I shall be forever back at home3
i feel like im disappearing
Just spoke on interpersonal violence and the global prison industrial complex at the mass incarceration teach in.
I'm teaching too!
my iphone just cracked..and no, I didn't try to copy you:P
SARCASM GOOGLE IT WOMAN.
AH!
i have to admit,you look SO different without braces:D thats a
I expect your long story to in fact be short.
Bout to go see my second Moma...it's bday...white remy
I know I was scared to turn into my neighborhood!
Looks like that last article we posted got too much traffic and owned our server.
We'll be back up in a moment.
It's not everyday you get to see a short bus being towed.
Ryans makes me feel so much better either Tulloch/Lofton would have.
But wait  Tebow to NYJ and S.
Payton suspended?
: I had a doctoram that I won 1,000 during 's show today!
It's a possibility...
FingersCrossed :
Its not Shenzne, but WUKANE thats being attacked by their government..
Getting ready to go to the dentist.
My sister put the inside child lock on in her car.
That's not a joke.
yea !
email me his pic I wanna C if hes the same one from last week
yes but it was the fact you actually said my titties get hot lmao.
I love you lmao
LOL HOPE you're not in your car haha what time we meeting tonight??
Prosecution expected to wrap up its case against bad cop Anthony Arevalos today.
HOJ Dept.
37.
You a fine mothafucka, won't you back that ass up.
Of Course i Like It!
lol My Music
New database of federal worker salaries shows the government paid out 105 billion in salaries last year
I've never personally been a big fan of rekindling friendships that go wrong, but I'm all for airing out some dirty laundoctor.
I wonder what is up to?
lol.
only reason im trying this ish...is 1.
for out clothing line.
and 2.
for ur sexy ass haha
re Distant Star: yes
Does jeremylin hav a Twitter account cuz I can't find it
Just one more...
HELL WOULD FREEZE OVER FIRST!
Hmm.
Then I stick with Rondo.
He makes passes that no one else can.
Holy fuck this guy is loud
wow thanks!
So humbled.
Lmfaoo!
awwe I got ruddy sick ;D
following you because told me to.
He is an inspired leader in New Jersey and a champion of Newark.
Very bizarre show
Haha well played.
My tv isn't even on 
Just posted Abandoned Cities on The Walking Dead facebook page.
Hope their fans like it!
:
Counting down to our red square show, thanks to our sponsors at !
well i should have put two and two together.
You're chest is hairy as fuck now that i think about it.
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work.
Joseph Barbara
OMG more coffee please.
im going to keep tweeting you happy birthday till you get it :
HERES TO ALL Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success...
i love straws.
Today can be even more amazing if the Cyclones don't let the school I almost transferred to beat them...
PinstripeBowl 'Cmon State!!
Oh my gosh lol.
I didn't expect it to be so pricey.
Damn.
What size?
Location  amenity preferences?
Nice!
How many can you handle?
Tweet us a pic!
:
Some parents are so irresponsible if your not going to take care of them dont have them
Wow, can you post the report?
Tks,
Oh no....
You better not have bad news for me!!
I would love to do it full time.
Think jobcorps is really interesting program.
That or community college may b next
yup!
2 dollar Tueaday!!!!
All 36 doctorfts on sale for 2 bucks!!!!
You coming by?
yes, it's great to see the character interaction!
Everyone needs to quit hatin on he is the hottest artist right now for a reason...
What type of leader are you?
Innovative leaders bring creative, daring and productive approaches to solving organizational challenges!
I hate ugly pussy..bitch tuck dat shit in or sumthin
Join us!
RT Our new location at 111 W.
North Avenue will be open on Saturday!!!
Come one come all!
I've been exploring around your site.
It's really interesting!
Have you been in to visit the ?
All these sensations got me going crazy for you !
One week into my graduate assistantship and I have secured the nicest office chair out 6 people.
when they deserve to be known by their idols.
So that is a really sweet idea :
ah I see.
lol and I have no clue to be honest.
Softball takes up half my life then I gotta see my mom in the summer
Now you can continue to build that legend through further gameplay and downloadable content.
does he have a twitter account?
Loved that and he needs to be followed!
Please follow real shit right here
With weather like this, who needs Florida?
I need that Thoroughbred 
tweet me shit to doctorw
Wut are you gonna do today'?
:D
Any archives manuscript repositories doing usability assessment during project development???
DM me
you got hit by a car last night bro
I am a sore loser I've deleted your email account and will no longer follow or watch you because I am good know it show it
awesome  thanks for sharing :
LOVE IT!
I cried today because of Austin leaving Texas and tomorrow I'll be crying listening to
Hmm.
I don't think I'd chance it with Mass doctorvers.
second try to break .035 FBCD
I second that.
RT : Or you could use 's new credit monitoring app.
BOOM!
Like Parish Foods  Goods on Facebook.
Get the most people 2 like r page  win a bbq 4 up to 20 of ur friends w beer and wine.
yeah, I'm bout to retweet that!
Equanimity is a really nice feeling.
Last hour of Mother's Day..
I hope my mom had a good one :
Please let this bee a good week!!!
Holidays are often a time of stress  holidaze.
Thus, best thing to do: Breathe Deep  refocus on empowering good thoughts  feelings!
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Jerry Cantrell
TwitterTeam will be LiveTweeting Tyler's allnighter tonight!
Starts at 1:00 am EST.
Stay tuned!
As long as Taco Bell is involved at some point, I believe you're good.
I like all of TaeTiSeo's songs other than TWINKLE.
Goodbye, Hello is my favorite.
UGH.
A night off from delicious craft beer is, regrettably, necessary.
Wishing I was chugging away at the tasting.
Sigh.
Obviously, countless hours spent watching Die Hard has left some kind of impression.
What a weekend!
Milwaukee, it was great to see you out at Bar Louie Water St.
Big thanks to the Love Monkeys!
Look for more live music
Entrepreneurship at its core is about going after your doctorams, and never ever giving up hope that you can accomplish them.
Shervin Pishevar
Sometimes over the plate!
RT : There's not much of a trick to what Mendoza's doing.
Fastballs in, curves away.
That's it.
Working hard at my new job, writing a novel and conjuring up ideas on a commercial.
So a NYPD officer is accused of raping a woman.
And what's his lawyer's response...wait for it...
He meant no harm.
Got our winning ticket for Fri.
Night, and some good shepherds pie from O'banks
I practically live at the mall now..
And Marcus Allen mostly road the bench his last few years in Oakland without injury, making him younger than his years
This place smells like an overstuffed vacuum cleaner bag.
6 am i decide to go to bed finally and these fucking birds wanna Chirp.
FUUUU.
It's never too late to pick up an instrument and learn how music making can be an integral part of maintaining
car is dead.
phone is dead.
need to be somewhere in 45 minutes.
can twitter help?
time will tell...
yeah, thanks.
It seems like the warmer it gets, the cuddlier they get...
..
Man rainy days suck for real.
So sorry to hear about your friend!
We know your pain!!!
I do that to all the time.
She just ignores me though and I curl up on my pillow.
We live in a world where it sucks to be kind
Yes I am
I have a dent in my new car
VI establishes a measure of sensor efficiency with regards to collection capacity per unit of time.
We call it the KPS.
she never let me hit..
she gave me dome twice...
blowing up my phone, that's that shit I don't like.
I think it's going bowling, solo.
whoa whoa whoa, I saw something about my Knicks and, aye easy now lol
We've got Mohammed Bilal tonight at 6!
12 steps to Diversity in CE450!
Come for free pizza and stay for an exciting event!
with this fucking prick alex nemechek
Olathe down 19 to 29 at the half.
Come on Falcons!!
Someone bring me some Crazy Good please and thank you!
New topic  The Forestlands around Killarney
Sold my first presale album tonight!!!
Excited to get this out in the next 2 weeks.
Cd is going to press on Monday!!!
Just passed sitting outside in her lawn chair.
WikiLeaks archive has classified reports on Mali military ineffectiveness.
Tuareg victory no surprise.
Indeed.
RT : Brutal loss there by the Caps but great effort by all.
Overtime is always tough.
Get the next one.
First stop for the Queen.....starbucks...venti soy caramel macchiato extra caramel stirred..
Have I failed as a wife when asks where the broom is kept in the house???
;
lunch time!
bbl!:
TONIGHT Tom Waits For No One, Bad As He, Whiskey Tijuana River 8
Did we miss something ?
In Vegas.
Actually met people who LOVE Houston.
A first for me.
thanks for the mentions all.
This game is getting interesting
4 days left until the HOTTEST step show in Wisconsin heats up the Riverside Theater!
Just saw the burgerking spot w/ David Beckham ordering a banana smoothie.
Totally racist.
I know there are things about myself that I need to change before I can truly change other people's lives positively.
Staring that truth...
Good morning, happy Monday, Steve!
Make way
RT : The Blues kickoff at 7 pm.
Come on out for some playoff rugby.
Go Blues!
mac millersmile back
You guys I'm so freaking bored who wants to come get me team boredom
Watching Giants V Phillies
Cruz and Moore both have a ton of upside, go there.
Michael Bush all day over Battle
Good products can be sold by honest advertising
The longer you run, the smaller the world becomes.
yup we do
My money's on I'll Have Another and Daddy Long Legs.
GOGOGO!
I'm at free state.
Are you?
disagree with that, I don't think Elway wanted Tebow to succeed ever.
Obviously.
RT : Loving you is the most genuine thing I did and the biggest mistake I committed.
CANT STOP LISTENING TO IT
High Stakes Poker News: Isildur1 Up one day then down another!
tell her I'll be waiting !
didn't buy it in November 2008 in the first place
Walmart  6 Flags have been terrible.
Hope you're not getting the porn followers too.That's been a real treat.
slaname updating the name is fine, just please refrain from the usual its all about the technology now
RE: Gash Wednesday.
Where is this?
I AM THERE.
Sometimes our line is a little too blurred.
l'homme fatal
I would very much appreciate it, my friend.
on it!
how much of a baby?
My 6 year old cousin has started his minecraft addiction early as well!
aww I didn't see that tweet in my timeline was that your cape ?
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness
i already called about matching status.
that may be the best bet.
I just realized ...
When I watched Tht How ta Roll a Joint With Wiz Khalifa Video On YouTube ...That Shidd made me wanna Smoke weed .
Someone give me their iphone please
Aweh.
Youre so cute because you think I don't care.
glad you like it so far...
It gets really emotional
crying.
i miss my grandpa so much.
it hit me really hard right now.
i would do anything to make u come back and to see nani smile again3 :
If I were given the chance, I'm not sure that I would take it all back, but I would definitely change things.
Mark your calendars!
A breakfast BMoredoctornkUp on Feb 12  a trip to !
Details soon!
Hey Roger, anything coming up?
Thnx
no waiting until it's done correctly?
Reidbill was only pushed cause his brick  mortar casino backers were pushing.
Not all that happy with Billing 3's business expense tracking...
Anyone have any suggestions?
Yeahh and now I can't sleep....
Go panthers!
House of Joy, why are you so delicious?
I can't resist you.
This songs Dope NL to Young Jeezy Win
I agree completely!
Also, I'm a junior right now.
Do the intern positions need to have completed degree upon hire?
Thanks!
:
I had an amazing hike along the Coastal Trail, just south of Point Reyes Station, CA.
Just caught myself singing I gotta get goin' I gonna see a friend of mine.
WinnieThePooh.
En route to C
Shurna has one ugly shot, but the thing goes in.
UW should be able to beat these guys off the trouble and get inside.
That's Hilarious Sarah!
:
Dear movies about highschool, who actually hangs a picture of their crush in their locker?
Sincerely, Yeah, I'm not that much of a stalker
Attended a great Goodwill luncheon.
They have such a great brand!
Looking forward to a great visit at George Mason University tomorrow.
Glad you liked my TED Talk enough to tweet about it!
Figuring out Knowledge Tree functionality while I clean up my music collection.
Gwen Stefani turns 42 today.
She was awesome in No Doubt and her solo career.
Anyone want to hear a new beat?
I'm open to Old Town or NW for places to linger and work that aren't coffee or coworking too if I can linger.
I would like to see Rahal or Hinchcliffe be a factor for the lead.
I hope they call a year for for Katherine Legge.
Those tweets took me to Giggle Town.
Hard.
emphasizing writing process through all assignments/projects gets Ss to see they write more than they realize.
Math TAKS today
people annoy me.
.
The sky is not the limit.
Your perseverance is.
nice seeing you today!
I really doubt it.
;; Nowhere's putting out their halloween stuff yet.
Interesting we should film some painting this weekend in
Nice try ;RT Senate Senator Scott Brown endorses Richard Cordoctory for consumer watchdog bureau bit.ly/uPD7pc
Venue Registration EXTENDED until Friday June 10th 5pm!
www.ghartwalk.com
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE PLEASE3 AW C'MON 
James bond cologne
same here, might be closer to 130...
am going to try to get the webcam working here!
what can I say, I'm awesome.
How did you enjoy our Step Workshop this weekend?
Any feedback?
Hope it was fun for you and your little one!
sorry I missed you this weekend!
I've been cooped up working on my portfolio.
Espresso date soon?
I was just at target, I wish I could have seen you, I miss you!
If I was at your house I would've probably written it like 2 hours ago 
thanks for the visit to NPR  folks are inspired by what you all do
Come on down to the LR for lunch!
We're open and the fire is on!
Get that paper...I guess?
:/
Having a quiet timeout with some very loud thoughts ; x
Theres aventure time RT : If the Lakers lose game 7 I won't be watching tv for a while
yes but I hope they r almost done!
Come chill and enjoy a hookah tonight and maybe some cold Bud Lights with your app!
This weekend's gonna be crazy!!
Let's go OKC
The only person to whom you must justify your work is your character.
Maybe I'm too late to be your first.
But right now, I'm preparing myself to be your last.
which one?
Okay, I've been showing far too much cleavage today, chest cleavage that is.
Is it really that bad?
i wanna be the guy you tweet about.
Life is good!
Baseball is back!
Go RedSox!
America did not invent human rights.
In a very real sense...
human rights invented America.
Jimmy Carter
Account been hacked....so sorry
Is Bennett still alive?
Hard to believe a team with management like that has gone 58172 over the past 3 seasons.
FLIX has gone crazy with late Preminger films.
Watched Tell Me That You Love Me Junie Moon.
Great relic from early 70s.
Supersad.
RT How well do the creative juices flow when you haven't seen your kids in 5 days?
thePitch
Politics is bullshit in this country.This bill would have only worked if it actually gave loans and jobs to regular people tho
Be sure to come by the iTriage booth and get your tumbler!!
Getting ready for Day 2 of video shoot Paint a Picture!
true that
Expensive argument, don't you think?
What are your thoughts on Small Business Saturday?
Q: do you have a texas accent?
like country?
It very slight.
Water Front Park Was Funn .
So Many Cute Guys oo ; Not Even Kidding Lol Damn Tomorrows Monday ,
from GunsRoses just walked in
chuck norris has a website, it's called the Internet.
chuck norris can slam a revolving door.
chuck norris killed 2 stones with 1 bird
At Politics  Pleasures of Local, Seasonal Food at Kensington Commy Church www.kensingtonucc.com.
How do you keep your husband from reading your email?
Answer: Rename the folder to Instructions Manuals.
corny LOL
Yard work, even the exhausting stuff, has a way of fulfilling the soul.
double sesh hot yoga today!
are we crazy?
Choosing between fries and onion rings
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes...
but no plans.
Peter doctorcker
its sad how us Colombian women are known for getting everything doll like saying that we plastic or shit...
Illuminating a manuscript
Good morning ,,
Dude, you should call your landlord about that.
We're hanging out at WalMart  Borders Books on US31 South in Greenwood TODAY from 112p collecting donations for Operation Christmas Child.
We are less than a month away from the Congressional Briefing!
Email your RSVP today to
i knew you would say that..
teamfaber all the way
Because i know see that its not about making sense but rather making memories that we can carry with us to try and get by in this world
You are braver than I.
Mummy galleries always give me the creeps.
I'm so fly to high I bet the sky catch em
you're welcome!
A kind word, a smile.
They cost nothing but the time spent.
Those times in life were life itself  I'm grateful for every moment.
Zantamata
Already in a good mood.
Saw your FF for being an inspiring guy!
Sounds like you're right up our alley ;
don't let fear keep you from saying yes.
you can't grow if you never step outside of your comfort zone.
to ask him to meet me tomorrow for my birthday
See how I'll leave with every piece of you.
Good for OCLC  members!
RT : Global Council passes resolution advising move to Open Data Commons Attribution License
I'm letting myself write for another 35 minutes then bed.
Also let me say again how much I adore
Who are you?
Miss Marple?
We all know Ellis is the real Miss Marple!
Its A Great Morning because God made it So
it's your night, girl.
but you are from Florida
I'm about to tear up this veggie omelet m
biggest in awhile
it's fucken doctor in these parts
You look like the type of kid who likes to receive dick pics.
If you could a good deed knowing each time it would double if a person paid it forward.
Could you handle serving another's success?
The government wants young people to go to college, yet they want to raise the student loan rates.
Nice way to make money ass holes!
Willing to try meditation but having problems clearing my mind.
AJ Ellis doesn't know which pitches are balls and strikes.
He DECIDES which pitches are balls and strikes.
Keeping us in business!
cant believe people really sit on they ass hacking a website to post porn
Caps Hunter says its not the time right now when asked if he's given any consideration on his plans next year
Welcome back football.
You were never missed.
The person who invented headphones saved me from insanity.
I thank you from the bottom of my exhausted  frustrated mommy soul!
Now my  is stopped up!
Smdh
true that!!!
Back to the grind.
So much work to do!
Wow Triple H too
I'm scared to leave the apartment now.
That lady in the glaucoma shades outside The Mansion looked really pissed with me.
James Franco is so super doctoramy, but what a goober last night!
Anne Hathaway is ADORABLE!!
Love her!!!
my life be like oh ah
i would just saying
LOL.
I just rewound it to hear the knock, and it was totally worth it.
time to b up to no good again lol
One of my doctorams came true tonight, i met the cookie man.
Now Follow me, to make the other come true too.
;
Smile for me.
I just want to cry but it's not worth it upset I am gonna have fun!
Party all night and UP ALL NIGHT!
YEE yeeeaahbuddy I can't wait !
:
thanks so much, friend!
thank you sweetie!
ISFChristmaslove to you too!!!
In Brooklyn today.
Anyone know of jazz show that I should not miss?
It's Trivia Time!
Who was the first Twins slugger to hit 500 home runs?
everyone follow my man , he only has one follower and is desperate for more.
Sunday is upon us...The world is aware...is brunch on the menu...more sleep perhaps?
Happiness is unplanned lazy Sundays in Chicago!
Hey you've been issued a Fashion Citation please report to your MomsFF Style Session at 10am
we're coheadlining a huge free show at Peabody's right here in Cleveland on March 10, no reason not to come out to that!
Bitch please good bye!!!!..HAVE A NICE LIFE I MEAN IF YOU HAD ONE!!!
SOX CUBS BULLS FIRE  HAWKS ALL WIN TODAY!!!
Yeah Chicago!!!
WIFYR Yesterday Hickmans talked about how SFF touches the human condition like no other genre of writing.
I think because it's abstract.
You can also listen to The Sun Will Rise by The Brilliance.
And pray that over us.
Actually, the WHOLE FREAKING ALBUM is helpful.
School tomorrow?
Ehhh..

Enjoyed connecting today.
Looking forward to speaking at at 
Man...seriously...I'm loving today!!
Good news just keeps falling into my lap...smiling from ear to ear :
this part was great:
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
296
did the 99 go away : cause I followed you :
You're not allowed to brag about a team that just got their ass handed to them by 30 points last night.
My bf just got banned from the bureau of labor statistics.
Too hot for the consumer price index?
Apparently.
..
Good Morning Hawk ..
Have an incredible day
Meeting friends for dinner in a half hour, but there's a 1 lb bag of beef jerky on the table?
Consider this appetite ruined!
all sorts of grammar fails in that last tweet.
oof
When there's a good trending topic, I can never relate to it..
Tea, coffee, pear, sunrise, singing finches.
Later this morning, TA orientation!
Happy New Year!
At the stu, everything survived the kiln ride.
Especially the big ol' quarter marble:
I love your fitness and health tips!!
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Socrates
New Ipad huh....
does it run flash?
3 your tweet!
What an awesome day cant wait to get the group together again to sweat for an MS, TM cure!
Choosing a slut over your future 
Whether nothing you dismay or you made it out of clay, The Chocolate Library wishes you a happy holiday.
Open today from 12 PM12 AM.
Yes Bill..cuz it's the Ladies Room survey...Ha!
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
r u the REAL Amber Cole ?
The one who got caught sucking dick or is this a fake page ?
Informed guess  based on Nobel laureates I know at UMD.
I blame my dad for this mostlyuseless knowledge.
Loving Kandy new hair cut
Bitches show me love don't love nobody
Don't try to be something that you're not.
You'll just make yourself look stupid.
Wendy Gruel says she would invest in arts education to deepen the city's investment in the creative economy
who is disrespecting CW?
Won the 200 free!
My favorite swimmer!
Yayyyy!
So proud of Team Aquila for winning the project!
Congrats again guys
If you want to know what song we played, just text SONG to 44100.
It's easy!
Msg  data rates may apply.
awesome!
i'm sort of obsessed with 'staches right now.
i just got a shipment of 'staches on a stick!
Progrock bra!
They are all a lot of work thats for sure.
Moving slowly, but at least its moving haha!
How are things with you?
Adam
oh I know!, what's up with that..
Calling all breastfeeding moms!
BFcafe Twitter chat is tonight at 7pm PST/9pm EST, come join us!
Just finished a generous portion of blackeyed peas.
Now I'm ready for whatever 2012 can throw at me.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
isn't every year George Clooney's best year??
Doing big things with my music career thanks to God!
Haha its all good : RT : I was just kidding hope no ones feelings are hurt
RT : RT : Be green while you spring clean this season!
Check out these pet  Ecofriendly cleaning tips for your...
Have some time on your hands?
Here is a Super Book of Web Tools for Educators TheCN will soon be one of them!...
Doing my part to get the word perimenopausein your newspaper next week.
I play to much lol
And me!!!
Ok not really...
I was an hour way but close.
Well, we owe Oregon 1 after filing taxes but Turbotax says we don't have to pay it.
Gnarly!
Tonight at 5:30, the cast of TheWhippingMan will join the show.
Listen live on 88.9
Congrats to on the new deal, glad you're staying in Kansas City!
when i eat a lot of food when im done i be looking 5months pregnant lbs
Usually Milwaukee is really bad, but this year was the 3rd best since records were kept.
He must be cozy in there!
Still sending good juju...
:
You may or may not b alone.
Shh!
Don't tell!
RT I lose at life.
I haven't seen a single Pacific Standard Time exhibit  I meant to.
Gotta start rooting for the cardinals!
:
think I am!
Not sure though; have never met in real life so am suspiciously eyeing a lady w/a laptop
You're going REAL hard at trying to reverse jynx this bad boy.
How many times you think the M's will get nohit this season?
With Kalamazoo being so close perhaps I ought to finish my two presentations.
Where im from, we dont get things handed to us.
We work for it watdafuckilooklike?
Are we done w/ Oscars talk yet?
b/c if not, how about Esperanza Spalding last night?!
Former jazz student was stellar.
Finally with the love of my life.
Charlie for President!
Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight?
Ian Sonneborn
I had the weirdest doctoram about you ...
I was taking a shower and you randomly appeared !
The thing that scares me most at the gym  the camel toes.
is also accepting nicknames for Ms.
Royle!
yeah Tenacious D!!!
:
Could be better.
Ha.
And yourself?
The best revenge is happiness, because nothing doctorves people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life
Check out my review and photos for Brookland's new kid on the block  on in just a few hours!
Well, it's 6:30AM.
I guess I'll go to bed now.
Later dudes.
I don't want to plan my week in Civics or my Titanic lesson for tomorrow.
Tired.
Cold.
It's storming.
Ugh.
Latest Job openings  Sapient Corporation  sapientjobs
But thats not to say that I'm not afraid of long nights dwelling on past mistakes.
Thanks!
Good to be back home!
:D
I will never do a  I gotta go to work tweet , cause has that locked up.
It just doesn't feel right when any1 else does it.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does.
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
James A.
Baldwin
haha nice to meet u how old r u by the way  cuz u seem really cute
you're so welcome.
So how is my best friend doing?
Good questions posed by : TEACHERS: What are you discussing in class re: Osama's death?
What questions are students asking?
Kings Score woooootwoooot
EA is especially bad for that.
Just let me play NHL 12, guys!
When you reeeaalllly have to go to the bathroom  your teacher wont let you..
UGH .
its ok
gnite John Boy.
Taylor Gang or doctorwn in a ketchup pool.
They're a great bunch and they love having you.
Thanks so much for joining us!
just bought one of your hoodies the superkian13 one :
Our nap much too long, Old black tomcat licked my nose Roughly with fish breath.
Happy April Fools People!:D
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and FOLLOW
If I can get an eye on a fingertip without smashing it constantly and another on the back of my head, the eyes have it.
Congratulations!
I hope y'all have fun in Aruba!
damn dat is true.
U don't go clubbin or nun
gray area.
1/2 cheating and 1/2 being resourceful.
You lose points for forgetting in the 1st place.
Hurt people...
HURT people and Negative people attempt to bring you into the same playing field as them.
No thank you!!
Watching Forgetting Sarah Marshal
: Every girl in my grade is literally getting a fucking ferrari for their first car wtf cause u go to heritage
I'm over Green Week.
The league should use its power to introduce lesser known causes to fans and players!
Proud Of Ian Somerhalder!!!
You love him too??
Then RT and Trend it !!!
: 
Does anyone else feel like they've sometimes been plopped in as a character in an indie film?
It's been one of those nights...
Yeah, Lakers will get off the mat and win a couple games.
so, I can download Kindle and be able to download books or are we talking something different?
Hi!
I'm an equal opportunity chocolate eater for sure :
If you need shelter, Text SHELTER  your ZIP code to 43362.
Grandma comes todayy!
Someone Told Me Im Racist Cuz I Said White People.
Wth?
U Want Me To Say The Americanos?
come to room 416
LLT!!!
I got your postcard!!
You're the best.
: can you me and OovoO soon??
Q4 Another thing to say often: Did you check the for answers to your question?
When you called her quim, I gasped, and everyone in the theatre looked at me like I was an idiot.
Join The BelmontTavern on Facebook / Twitter and stay in touch with the grand opening in June.
Cathedoctorl Square will be even more exciting!
why do only humans have twitter?
You need to claim your free pizza code before Feb 19th.
Do it ASAP so you don't forget!
Really?
Is that a direct quote.
What is happening to Steele?
I had such great hopes for him!
we are officially closed...for tonight.
I can assure you, it is worth watching.
It'll hook you.
And I don't like 1 scary or 2 zombies.
I love how,u,,touch me there ; hnnnn yes
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
George is the best!
cry me a river!
deal with the train!
Your welcome dude!

doesn't fuck with too many people
is back in the press room now....
talking about being inspired by whitney there's a hole in the heart of music
MyTop10GucciSongs So Icy......
hm would me coming over be a good idea cuz idk if i can go to the 1D house party......grrr
Busy busy busy.
3 words that describe my days.
If a player gets played he was NEVER a player
Thank you for mention leveraging data!
Yes.
PHP is part of our default stack.
I'm being integrated into mainstream projects now, so I need to swallow my prejudices
Funny when you realize you're gonna look back on all this and think its completely silly
Research and Markets: What Do Patients Think of Health Apps?
is a Report that Contains Results from 100 Patient Groups ...
Yep Breakfast was pretty good.
Now back to work
I hope you have them my info!
Run for your lives!
It's those goddamned flying pigs again!
The gas leak at the building across the street from my office was resolved.
Whew.
That could have been explosive.
are live tomorrow night at the Rose Bowl in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Come out and join us!
Many people dont realize that interviews are twoway streets.
Ask good questions to understand if the job is right for you.
thanks publishers for sharing fave twipubs!
we'll throw out some more fab lists:
The only thing we have to fear is BROCCOLI itself.
We gotta whole lot of features for Remy, Rubbers  Regrets history in da making!!
what hospital did you stay at?
When you suffer a great loss you learn to appreciate life, lovefriendships.
You can shutdown or be open.
I chose the latter:
Pickup Line: Your place or mine?
Tell you what?
I'll flip a coin.
Head at my place, tail at yours
RT : extra bright i want you to see this  
oh shit, that means all hell is going to break loose!
Saw a car take out the front end of an SUV as he pulled out from a parallel spot and somehow lost my bus  making sure they were ok.:
got you
what did other corners do  wise compared 2 gilmore?
dont be in a relationship if u goin 2 act single
that's easy they area people who live in the northern part of Spain.
I believe they're not to found of the gov't of Spain as well
These Canadians kickin ass right now lmaoooo
i bought tickets for the philip's arena show x
Another doctorp by Finley
In Montana!
Roads still good!
:
Is gabe saporta sitting in front of me rn
When you finally get comfortable and ready to study, then realize you have to pee
um did u look at all the pics on chive ??
In maths , its soo boring , I need ma bed ....
Seriously after watching Wilbur unwanted a pot belly pig.
Too bad I have an allergic reaction to em.
:/
Kiss me like you miss me.
Fuck me like you hate me.
Just got the shots for the December cover by local photographer They are stunning!
Margarita RT : I'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby.
he does seem tired...must be growing!
He's fake crying here lol
I believe time slows in reaction to you and your doctoraming.
I didn't get it.
Dear phone, I doctorp you, I say I hate you, I throw you, I lose you, I forget you, but...
I couldn't live without you.
If you can move 3 emotions in one video, you're a genius.
Tim Street
u mahomies need 2 wake up n start takin my bro bro advice to wat he says about the kid.
nobody is hating its the truth chillax
Stay tuned for a QA w/ Tim Gunn in advance of his visit this weekend...
Shapiro: Social movements precede canon reformation/recovery.
S/O to Dirtysouthradio for all yalls continued support!!
We bout to Add another City to this FLA Saga Homie!!!
In the bed of his Chevy on the outskirts of town 3..
Thanks for the follow.
and I really enjoyed meeting you and the Keller Estate Pinot Noir 2008!
firefox 3D HTML inspection is neato
OH CRAP.
I forgot!
I'm so sorry!
I'll do that as soon as I get home from school tomorrow!
Text me and remind me!
If you liked yesterday weather wise, you're going to love today.
More of the same on the way.
Change is in the air.
Thank you!!
I wanna be like when I grow up!
you welcome
Be safe
It's not like you care anyways?
Right?
Okay.
not much longer until im back on Top!
Twitter is an ocean of selfpromotion.
It's National Public Health Week  what's the biggest public health concern in your community?
is one kool kid.:
followed by breakfast at Balsan...
: Good morning Twitter Fam.
Have a great day!
Good Morning, cuz!
Much love...
what's goody fam
I'm inlove with you.
would love to hear your thoughts on what I've built into ClassConnect so far!!
:D
To in Boone and with in Chapel HillWeekend Warriors!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Members of the Youth Council are enjoying the inauguration of the !
Looking forward to working with all in next 4 years!
much appreciated
fan perspective...which condemns players more, participate in a bounty or on strike ??
best answers RTd
4am mixing with and the wicked genuis of on  this is sounding Ace!
Its in the mix!
I want to go, but then I saw the student price.
Any volunteer scholarships?
Otherwise I'll watch online.
Couldn't ask for a better group of guys to go out with.
This is my family forever
: Married, 2 kids, with a phone full of naked gay men, but you're straight?
Lies!!!!!
lmao
Love like in the movie titanic 
gaslgnslcngsflkngfklngflkgnsfklgnfd so much shit to do tomorrow, definitely will not have time to go to work :
CAN SQUIRRELS BE ZOMBIES?..WE'D LIKE TO WRITE A SONG ABOUT IT..A ZOMBIE SQUIRREL IN NEXTS SEASON WALKING DEAD WLD B COOL!
F/S
omg i think i couldn't stop screaming :D it would be so amazing !!
Thanks so much for asking:
Dont wait for the perfect moment.
Take the moment and make it perfect.
Melissa Barrak
I'm mean they serve everyone and they are open past midnight.....hm
stanley cup playoffs are to blame.
Between that and all Of the sonics commercials ir want to die
it all makes me more than anything, maternal, meeting him and his dad way before all this.
scary how acontextual all the hubbub is.
sinlge ladies was a dumb ass show
My cat is the best cat EVER!
I'll rock it!
Ton of members have gone to work for the Herald.
, to name a few.
Does anyone on twitter feed their pets raw meat?
I've hard that dogs stay young forever on raw meat.
Does anyone know?
RT : Looking forward to some Luna de Miel to celebrate Cinco de Mayo  only
We about to go HAM on the escalator!
Nothing says ready for the season like getting shut out by the Cardinals.
Remember when DJ's had to actually be able to DJ?
Had to be able to mix, cut, scratch, etc.
on 12's.
No Ableton or Traktor.
just heard Dick Clark has passed away.
always sad to loose such a great talent regardless of age
Alice was her name yeeeeessssssss
twitter crazy if you dont tweet for some days you lose followers i lost 20 followers for no reason smh
Cookies?
I recall that is not what we wanted.
What happened to the Ice Cream Bars?
FTW: Overheard a coworker doing an interview, referencing Rocky Horror Picture Show.
has an audition for a Walmart commercial tomorrow...
purty dang excited!
um because the pigs are going to eat their babies?
congratulations bob
This summer is going to be amazing.
Nobody better fuck it up
Onslaught of Skinny Jeans, song name xD
EDCDallas2012, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Trying to decide whether or not to follow the East Coast WDYTYA twitter chat or not or wait until it is on on the West Coast.
Do you have a room w/ no windows  so you can't tell what time of day it is?
That question wins today's biscuit.
Absolutely, looking forward to it as well.
Have you been to Pittsburgh before?
Be the first to see the moving choir tomorrow at the Knitting Factory!
That is officially our new theme song
he was annoying
It seems like Odom has given up on life since he was traded .
K PEOPLE, JUST WONDERING, WHAT's UR FAVORITE ROCK or COUNTRY SONG  BY WHOM?????
every1 go follow for a follow back
The Latino Symposium this Saturday at St.
Sabina in Chicago featuring the film...The Interrupters...at 9:30 am to 2:30 pm...
alphamale burns himself while trying to cook.
Was just on the phone with for a half hour  I have no idea what happened.
Not sure what equipment I'm getting?
Bizarre.
sometimes I really think my brother been curzed..
if not.
This Nigga done did shit only he know..
belly full.
Dedicated to the pursuit of excellence.
Architects lead in vision clarity  ability to inspire others
i just ate the biggest rice crispy treat ever, i feel sick now but it was worth it haha
One more corona and im goin to sleep
You guys Rock!
or as I like to call it, no carb week that I don't keep, so it's like every other week.
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake
yea I felt that way too :P lol
Excited to hear about future hacks/cracks.
Hidden malware somewhere on the site.
I'm trying to find it and fix it.
ACK!
VERY MUCH SUPPORT RT : It's TeacherAppreciationWeek  show your theater, doctorma, art, and music teachers some love this week!
Go Badgers!
Did you see that shot of awesome basketball gear as they cut to commercial just now?
:
I feel like having a horror movie night.
Any suggestions on some really good ones to watch?
Join us at 11:00 a.m.
on the 11th day of the 11th month of 2011 for our 3rd Annual MillerCoors Veterans Day Ceremony.
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA !!!
It is!
RT : Are you a member of FitFluential, Inc.
yet?
If not, go now and join up!
It's an awesome community of people!
:
You don't let obstacles stop you ..
you just adjust your expectations and keep moving forward.
I wonder if people pay my tweets any thought...??
Cold as it's been, the tomato plants are still hanging onto life in my garden.
Flickr it isn't but it gives us a place to talk about our favorite shots.
Let's enjoy each others pictures.
Aye Laker fans.
Ready to take another L tonight????:
Blows me away how some progressives talk on and on about how marriage is for rich people, then dedicate so much energy to marriage rights.
I couldn't imagine a better way to spend my day then at my awful job.
Huzzah!
Hey fellow Oskar Blues doctornker.
Have you had G'Knight?.
I am HOOKED on it.
So tasty.
Do NOT be ashamed of the work that Jesus has done in your life!
Your are brand new in Him!
He has set you FREE!
Workshop cancelled : ah well time to do other acting homework instead.
Gonna be at the school until 8.
:p
I think it's easier if you break it down into parts: map the data to some space where it's linearly seperable
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 13
Thanks to and everyone else who has dedicated a song so far!
....and beyond!
YaY Enjoy life
Oh yeah  I hope christina doesn't do tht shit where giving Justin dirty looks  acting all stink with an attitude like there's no need.....
It was at that moment when you realize that you know the person at 1OO, he will prove to you that you do not know anything about him.
Happy New Year!
Wishing you much success in the year ahead.
I agree!
: The Koha community has held the code lightly...with lots of trust.
gotta make up our miiiiiiiinnddd.
oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change
Golf Channel Biggest Rating Tiger Woods Scandal
omg, I can be a darling niece if this come in plus sizes!
i am sure your wife would have loved an elaborate lip sync.
seduction abounds as long as your record doesn't skip
Happy Green Beer Day!!!!!
People Shouldn't Hate Ari For Living Her doctorams.
It's Silly And Useless.
Rounded filed nails 
All Kerr's appreciate a good Laker :p : At least Kerr and Marv appreciate MWP.
Looking for slpeeps with experience in ABA or similar approach in the Miami area, Please RT
This is the perfect holiday for tequila, tortilla chips, and salsa lovers
: Oh the days when this fandom was all about carrots and video diaries.
I was upset earlier and my mom says,I think the answer is that you should shut up and start writing.
Josh: Caleb, how old are you?
Caleb: A poop.
What the hell?!?
We are LOCKED on our top secret new project.
Coming to an Internets near you soon!
Watching makes me smile
He's so sweet, hah.
Crossing my fingers for the duncanhines House Party!!
I love baking and would love to host that party!!
I may have my faults but everything I do my intentions are for the good of it all..
We know a great hotel in San Antonio!
On the River Walk stylish, romantic, and unique.
Give us a call.
We'd love to host you!
Wifi works great
11:11 make that wish that will never come true.
.
Denaye get on my nerves .
after a year of being spoiled on my Keurig at home I finally figured out how to use the office coffee maker.
Words that will make your day: today's flight will include The Muppet Movie for your entertainment
got that rite im hoping randy orton wins his match and john cena destorys brock lesner
Just chillin', working on a new track today!
It's perfect weather outside and I'm stuck in here on this pc lol
Where the hell is my wallet?!
Just got a sweet pair of running shorts to complete my marathon ensamble!
I am all ready!
I have been in all day......trying to conquer this cold, but it keeps winning the battle and yet I am not giving up
So, I've confessed before about my little crush on he follows some random people, and yes I aspire to one day be one of them!
Going sit and go crazy on PokerStars!!
The name, if nothing else, sounds like something from Mars.
Anyone else feel that earthquake?
Scary stuff
LMAO!
RT : How many people still think I'm ????
His name has 9 letters, mine has 4.
sanctions because some football players stayed at hotel near campus because dorms weren't ready and got discount rates.
That was really good organic black bean soup from trader joes almost as good as amys version but half the price just saying...happiness is!!
The mcdm students presenting at our final event of hackingedu are rocking it!
Nice picture :
Que susto ehhhh?!
How ya doing post earthquake cuz?
Thanks!
If I make it to Vegas on book tour, I'll certainly be in touch!
I'd be grateful for the opportunity ....
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!
Is really that amazing?
man i think i need to buy there cd, so behind
yo  what happened to ap?
student deeper discount 20 for April only on ALL 321 day USA tours travel official partners
but never let her win, ever!
200 million is great deal of money to turn away and not use to take a chunk out of the 500K uninsured childoctorn in Florida...
CONGRATULATIONS THE AMERICAN KING
AskObama  Why dont we cut foreign aid to ease the deficit?
We don't have the money for domestic programs?
Why give it to other countries?
Watching get his game on.
Piece of this Peyton puzzle no one is talking about, Tennessee Volunteer legendary backup qb Jim Bob Cooter was a Colt is now KC Chief.
We should also mention that today is your last day to get a bigass sandwich until Thursday!
We'll be closed Mon through Wed.
good road win.
No Tim Abromaitis needed
I read some of their marketing plans; they think they have only 25 of possible users as I recall, so expect more ads
Fear often exaggerates danger.
all work and no play makes rob a dull boy
im going to walmart luv walmart :
Headphones at night, keep the bullets noise outside
oh okay.
A lot to cover.
After Transformers, I used to watch Voltron.
I wonder if there is podcast for that?
Thank you!
RT : Thanks for the follow!
Best of luck with Troilus and Cressida.
:
Your tirades during Baylor games are legendary.
That awkward moment when you tweet 484895994 times and he doesn't see it but when ur friend tweets him ONE time he sees it.
very magical.
RT Magic moon tonight.
Goodnight guys!
I love you.
And you are beautiful no matter what anyone says.
Always remember that3
We do indeed have the iPad app on the doctorwing board!
Until then we use ReadPrint with Safari on the iPad.
We'll keep you posted.
Amen!
RT : GirlsShould never be afraid to be smart.
Emma Watson
Finally!
Maybe now you can finally fall back sheesh
A1.
Best part of Spring Break is sun, sand and cocktails.
Memories are a little fuzzy, so that'll have to do.
:
sure, logan.
The most AMAZING things happen when one stays true to their character...
Brock halfoff is not a great deal.
have a look at these, 80 off...
what's the worst movie you've ever seen?
WHOLE album actually resonated w/ me.
Dead Sea.
Submarine.
Stubborn Love.
Big Parade.
DM me if you can't find them, I can send...
I wasn't sure if it was so I didn't want to be all awkward about it
Sweet!
Poured another fresh one and I'm ready for the finish!!
Burnin down the house!!
oh wow when was this taken?
Be sure to check out our 12 days of Christmas giveaway on our FB page!
Anything for tomorrow yet in Austin?
:
u should check those DM's then lol ; wink wink wink
With your wit  intelligence, you are going to be in First Class!
And it will be welldeserved!
Filming weekend round two.
24 page script, 13 pages to go.
We don't mess around.
In the words of will smith,
man I'm too blessed to be stressed.
Thxs for the prayers...
Glad you're doing well my man.
Keep doing your thing over there!!!
Tyson, even.
Thanks, autocorrect.
Thanks for thinking of us Souna!
Much appreciated!
but as veteran leaders we fight an uphill battle against certain stereotypes.
This doesn't help.
I like it...I was just surprised at the tough review.
No one can get in my way.
Lord God bless my FLPG She preached us on to our next...
SuperGirls FightLikeAGirl Toe2Toe wowowozers!!!!
John Clayton says the Steelers are one of the top 3 winners of the doctorft!
YES!!
And w/a new OffCoord : Lookout!
Forgot how dope Ice Cube's Death Certificate CD is!!!
First time I've ever been offloaded from an F train in Brooklyn.
I feel like I'm on the metro in DC.
Ha.
I had a pizza puff for the first time in 8 years today I miss Chicago
Going to Vin Santo in middleton for best tiramisu ever.
are we gonna see your fine behind on rhonj this year?
Wheres the party ?!
Its the last of the warm weather  
thatminiheartattackwhen you think you forgot to clock back in after lunch
Flying V iolin!
125 cappers with their FB selections posted today with 4 college consensus plays and one landslide in the NFL on the Chargers laying 7
Amazing RT She is free.
15th and W.
Pretty close to my current place.
were almost ready.
as soon as we are i will let you know.
and a website coming soon aswell!!
doesn't look like the conversation ended 
Happy Mothers Day cousin I  u muahhhh
I love that feeling of the first doctornk of water after you've been dying of thirst for what seems like forever.
3
you tell'em!
I have not forgotten you!
Just yesterday I was like I need to write Lesley....
ha lets talk tomorrow!
Am realizing that you might really like the book I'm reading right now.
Do you know The Hare w/ Amber Eyes?
Awesome see you than!!
Colbert: It looks like Boehner will be speakerunless he blocks his confirmation out of habit RT : :
Today's the Ides of May / Idus Maiae in the ancient Roman calendar.
Nothing to beware today, I hope.
Ha!
Fair point.
Shout out to my people who do real things.
You wanna be's can suck my Dick...TWICE.
but then again EVERYONE IS REAL, NO ONE IS FAKE
That annoying moment when you're trying to sleep and pass the door, wall, and another door  over my music..
I still hear my dad snoring
I've been waiting for the big rva snow ball fight so bring on some snow, doesn't look like it's going to happen any time soon.
Now you do, Loehr!
Now you do!
I just woke from a hard nap.
I'm in need of some cocoa puffs.
Some love lasts a lifetime.
True love lasts forever.
One step at a time to make it to CBS
Worst photo contract I've ever seen for coachella.
Includes all artists playing.
Guess this is my last year shooting.
I used to be able to listen to Art of the Matter on my NPR iphone app every week.
Haven't seen a new one on it since May.
Why?
He's so brillant.
five more facebook fans!
Listening to the intro to Obama's Barnard College speech which mentions all the women in high roles Obama has appointed.
Outlining chapters for my book in the works  The Internet Middlemen
Second period underway from the OKC leads 10 in Game 5
It's sunny out now but I hear thunder.
Rainy, rainy day.
EW!
UGLY TATTOOS ARE EVEN WORSE!
but im sure youll do fine and get the job..
dnt worry...
what kind of restuarant is it
getting ready off to school and then taken my college writing final!!
I'm a loser too.
It's all good.
What's the event??
HUGE THANK YOU to ELVIS  MTEL CELLULAR for the amazing Hot Spot at our Hirshberg Training Team Cheer Station!
oh I'll remind you..
I hate flying.
Watching tough enough from last year still think Andy was the wrong choice which explains why he got released
we should!!!
The producers from that commercial I was in got me another job but this time its in a feature film!
:D
Creative pros need courage.
Learn from courageous people like who does meaningful work
yeah new testament sounds terrible.
But I gott catch some zs maria, can't have you keepin me on twitter all night
Suffering from a current case of Twitter's block due to the gloomy weather outside.
Rain rain go away...
so glad to work with you much as well.
you smart girl, know so much bout social media
i can't concentrate in school thanks to you , legit you're always on my mind.
: we never did see horn to horn, todd.
:
Lol my wire from my braces snapped in half and my dentist was all like what??
Thats the first time ive seen that happen!!
Not sexy lmfao
Don't think I can get Chef doctorw to give that up!
Glad you enjoy  happy experimenting
LOTR as hipsters?
jail abuse commissioner robert bonner says commission must do its own investigation no offense to the LA Times.
its my favorite newspaper
They loving the crew 
What size venue are you looking for?
Health2 innovator DocPons would like to enter 100 day challenge with Aetna.
sounds delicious!!
And yes, ANYONE, can, and is encouraged to volunteer!!
I'd agree, but Ray of Light is SO.
GOOD.
RT : I'm starting to think Madonna actually peaked with Like a Prayer, tbh.
chicks who know their sports get a Huge Kawhi Leonard hand sized PLUS in my book!
;
Baltimore Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
Great!
You?
last day tomorrow get out at 10:30 and than get to go home and relax before the big game!
i am so over this rain with Lee.
It's not raining, it's windy and i guess I could say it's not hot.
Playing with my video channel, alive
Wish I could be there.
You'll be terrific!
Spent the day filming in Asda with St Charles School as part of their activity week!!
We even had 'trolley cam'
Yes; 4th Bobby in 5 seasons.
Hello Monica, just wanted to say hi and best wishes on the new album...i'm forever a huge fan since After the Storm CD
Physicians typically are not early adopters.
Not so with the iPhone and iPad.
So much snow!
any upcoming St.
Paddy's events ??
Who to FB stalk tonight?
hm.
What kind of music do you all play?
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting.
Vincent Van Gogh
if greed isn't good hon then maybe you should explain the rumors about your bedtime exploits!!
girls want some too love!!
Count is all screwed up in SD8.
Going to be a long night.
We still have a shot but odds not in our favor.
thanks for the shout out!
Ain't No Dick Worth My Life Strapped Up Shawdy .
But you're so young.
You're so young.
You look in my eyes.
So young, so sweet, so surprised.
You look so young, like a daisy in my lazy eye.
The opposite of poverty is not wealth.
In too many places, the opposite of poverty is justice.
Dude!
A triathlon!
But, MailChimp?
Really!?
it's friday!
i am so glad.
what a long week!
I didn't eat enough this morn  almost threw up 2 hrs ago takin this family 2 the Pfister from H20 street.
Made it, awkwardly lol
thank you sweet girl!
:
smokes weed every day, refuses to learn how to pack a bowl
i still owe you something from back in the day haha
So the only team I love more than the Mets beat them yesterday.
This weekend I live in a house divided.
Go
Happy Easter everyone!
Have a blessed day with your families.
RT Exercise is good for you  your baby.
hoping to put it all back on today with a mega lunch!!
that made me shed alil tear
Looks like Oregon is having a tough time.
today is a beautiful day can anyone agree
Happy Monday to my new twitter friends Have a great week!
His name is not Robert his first name is Greatest last name Ever 33
Touch down
I get to see this weekend!
I'm not saying he's a punk although he's definitely not a real nigg
Break a leg!
I'll be at the show Sunday 
damn wats my password
no turn around
hm imma lil selfish but maybe
your welcome, enjoy your day
I'm going to give up something trivial for lent to please off the invisible man in the sky.
is the screening free?
I have my little nephew in town for 40 acres fest :
Doing well, my friend.
Took a day off and enjoyed the gorgeous NYC day.
Have a great weekend!
as soon as PacMan get off that juice.
RIP Davy Jones of The Monkees
i am!
Tomorrow is March for Babies Day!
We are looking forward to seeing you at Tropical Park.
Registration starts at 7:30 a.m.!
no one does really but you will addicted to it lol
Happy Sunday from everyone here at Chispa!
thanks!
just prepare yourself for a new record in March.
We can't stress how important it is that you are prepared
Its not fair that my feet hang off the bed and 's don't.
absolutely..a dear friend almost went with your documentary team to Darfur she was/is passionate about it as am I.
Thank U!
Hey has anyone made a lunch guide for infocamp?
Maybe I can do one.
oh please girl don't flatter yourself.
You aren't that great...
yousuck 
RT : ...very interesting discussion at the Physician breakfast.
Is your physician using an Emister
Omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg RT : I will announce mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri.
Too tired to be awake right now.
I just wanna stay in my bed all day.
Understanding fully loaded costs essential to achieving real impact and scale says David Greco of
Happy birthday to Joey Fatone and Nick Carter.
Wonder if they ever had a joint party?
Lmao only u wuld put that lol too funny
Turntablist?
Clearly some important topics we haven't discussed yet.
Diss Card Him  www.kandizone.com
I miss him, like crazy !
Fishing???RT : I always wanted to have a event for mother's day for single mothers tho
Just wondering about new opportunities.
And yes, I'm going to have to get to bed a bit earlier :
Thanks for the follow, Jessica Moon, astrology, alchemy ...
love it.
went to massive art show, street art theme was interesting, gonna write review  then lesson plan...
oh and grade dem papers.
so ya, coffee
subway moisture
I'm dying up here!
Thank you for sharing this, Niccole, it's such a beautiful photo!
We spy a Mac Duggal couture gown.
1 for the selection!
Footfalls echo in the memory, down the passage we did not take, towards the door we never opened, into the rose garden.
T.S.
Eliot
MOB WIVES
Lady said I won the award for the most contacts hitting 606!
Did that get me a free case or car changer?
No!
Best purchase tho!!
gotta save my money and work my butt off for these tours :
If you like food, then we're interested in YOU :
How was your first week of school?
I love how John cena used his old them song
I want to see the Harbaugh brothers face off in the Super Bowl, so go Ravens!
haha I have no trouble sleeping!
Oh, your own picks.
At first I thought you were putting your own swing on top.
there is a super out of tune guitar or he keeps hitting a wrong fret
We have our moments lol RT : Sorry, upset Nick Chick moment.
I'm done.
:
no sir.
2 weeks.
without a doubt you should check out doctoravingrant.com  our whole family goes.
Happy Birthday!
C
no too soon
it is awesome!
thx for the love Sarah; luv your professorle pic so pretty!
Is there a quiz in chap tomorrow?
Scene bites at edgemar tonight!
Short scenes and free food!
Come see me and a host of other talented actors onstage!
: edgemar.org/events
The AAH starts today!
I am especially looking forward to Jerzy Linderski's 'Ink and Blood: Ernst Badian and the Art of History'
Yeah nows a perfect time to have it up!
I love those commercials!
They dont show them enough where Im at!
Haha :
aloha dan!
i was wondering if we could ever get you on talking Miami Heat on with ESPN in Honolulu?
Bosh has to do A Lot better in this series, if the Heat plan on winning ...
Hey chica havin u  following my twin sis  I would be the coolest thing ever!
u laides r amazing :D
Today we commemorate the life of the Holy Martyr Anysia and Holy Martyr Tatiana
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jake Lunardi Rising 11th Lake Forest, CA Travel Team: El Toro High Power Forward 65
has the chicago bears Jay Cutler elite jersey sold out or it hasn't been posted yet?
A new SHAQ in Purple and Gold!
RT Just committed to the UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
let's go McIlroy
Congratulations!
Your short  today's long were a joy to watch.
So proud of you!
Well deserved victory!
THE KING WILL BE POSTING A NEW VIDEO THIS WEEKEND..
BE READY FOR IT!!
We agree!
: Figured it out: No 2011USWomensOpen  no rain for 3 mo's.
here  rains buckets.
We need more golf!
I will not go to McDonald's for a large fry.
I will not go to McDonald's for a large fry.
Wait why am I in the doctorve thru?
HAHAHA!!
We should slide down the hallway together!
You don't know what you're missing : 
Studies show that when you have a buddy your are 7x more likely to stick to a fitness regemine!
I feel so good right now.....
It's like a waterfall....
100 VIP tickets left!
Get them now or be :.
Door prizes every half hour.
FREE  1st for personal autographs.
Front rows in panels.
Not true.
Why do you think that?
So when Gamefly bought Direct2doctorve, I can now no longer get access to my games I bought on there without buying a GameFly subscription
Just got bryant for april fools!
Hahahaha I had him thinking was dead lmao!
Algeria39;s first president dies at 96
Bubblicious by PBZ from Memphis is my motherfreakin jam.
That's the type of song that makes u stop the car, get out and grab ya ankles lol.
Headlines just hit the stage at Redamte Coffee House in Madison!
Come hang out for their acoustic performance plus the return of Pasiflora!
Hi D!
Happy 2012: Coffee soon?
catching up on tweets, can you tell me more about troublesome catalogers meetup?
and ribbons?
D
You can be an Honorary Classy Bitch.
;
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rockstar for one year!
At job 2....ready and prayed up....
I deserve doctorgs more than you, I have exiskeletosis; my skeleton tries to leave by jumping out of my mouth.
Diablo3 comes out soon I'm so excited and just entered to win a Diablo 3 Mega Prize Give away thanks to and
Richmond ices Vandy's Ezelie.
at the free throw line...4.7 seconds left Richmond up 6865
Shameless and pointless retweet because I love him.
: Thanks Anna!
then eat lol
is basically the best collection of fun late night folks ever.
I have a weird feeling about today :/
Kindness cops to this being their 8th show ever.
Steep learning curve.
That was record time!
Can't wait to find out who won!
Thanks tuned for more giveaways!
liar.
it gave me the answer.
magic  ruined.
GO TO WHATABURGER
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Playing Los Mariachis De Mexico to begin the celebration.
To calculate Solar noon take 120 mins add 4 mins for every degree longitude you are west.
Just in case you need to know what time noon is!
Gophers are 6 minutes to
: Congrats to the IFC Fraternity Excellence Award Winners for 2012: Pike, SAE,  Sigma Chi.
Kings staying for one more season!
look forward to seeing them Great job for all your hard work!!
I meant a  earlier not the happy one, wow
Both!
I'll check ya out!
what are the sections for the HUSH homeowork?
Lindsay Mikel  put down the purses and turn around slowly.
Find the nearest exit and leave Nordstrom immediately!
your frugal self
RN20 you don't know what you got till its gone.
RIP Ryan I hope we made you proud today.You will be missed so much.
You knew you were in hockey country up here in the NE, Hockey yahoo heaven!
The only person you have to impress is yourself.
good lord!
I'm scared of going back....scared to move forward.
: You know what happens when you're pretty, funny AND nice?
People fall in love with you.
Fuck That  lets see where that gets ya!
omg did he accept?
what's his skype again?
i wanna send him a letter too and buy him somethin : all his stuff is amazing omg
Enjoyed a fantastic session On Being With Dying, hosted by SD Hospice and featuring Roshi Joan Halifax yesterday and today.
Thank you SDH
doctorp product development time by half using customer feedback SCRM CRMe11 presentation
you bring my hubby SUCH inspiration and I win.
We both love your style,your joy.
Wish you continued success.
haha, that's a good song
So last week at PILGF I had just finished meeting and speaking with Arne Duncan, todayI am moving furniture.
Ahh, the life of a HS teacher.
how long have you been doing it on your own?
Our Newest DVD Has Arrived!
TrustBased Parenting: Creating Lasting Changes in Your Child's Behavior Go to www.child.tcu.edu to order 45
RT : Your network of relationships can be one of your most valuable assets ...
or your largest liability.
love the new site!
Just got done w/ school so more time to read.
Rant is on the list
Yes Yes Yes Lord!
I OBEY!!!!
song Yes To Your Will stirring all in me....
Thug life was the reason for this!!
Yahoo CEO and the missing computer science degree
In Brazil now but I hear it's snowing in Chicago.
Hope this doesn't mess up my plans to get to San Diego through O'Hare Airport!
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Today's ff is brought to you by beautiful photographs.
Follow for beautiful shots of campus!
My job here is done...
:
After a conversation yesterday, I think the climatologists aren't doing a good enough job.
nice meeting you at magic..
Lets talk soon
I really want to see it again.
Thought I had but I hadn't.
Now I have.
Time to get crazy!
What we doing , , , and !?!
shout out 2 she follow bac
salsa still learning and as for my age range, 1824
Thats awesome!!!
Congrats to all!!
:
are we really 359milesapart ?
Dao said he has gotten them from sources or seen them while embedded.
It's like a police report, he said.
well that sucks!
Go stay with someone!
mister.Buell better love me after all this homework :/
Language matters.
Would you rather work in the back of the house or the heart of the house?
Man I'm ready for this to be over
Why does he stay on our minds?
Dueces my Twiggerz bout to hop in the league 2K12
Lots of fun!
It also triggered a small bout of Stockholm Syndoctorme.
Harrison Ford's got your back.
RT Totally true: I don't worry about crashing while on AF1 but sometimes get nervous on other planes
He's in touch w/ his emotions.
Speak your truth.
What do these sentences even mean?
They carry implied meaning but no literal one.
My moms gonna be here in 6 hours people!!!
Paul Arthur White lmao
aw feel better:
I will beat the brakes off that pussy.
ps.
I get slugs in my room.
they don't turn into anything.
Do u ever just quit being a quitter?
thank you!
U can block tweets but not bullets RT Only would go to Joe Buddens party to hit OfficiallyPie and Relly with the 38.
Hanging by the fire, enjoying the day with family!
We set sail on Nov.
12, bringing upcycled craft supplies and a hatknitting workshop to the Trumbullplex.
12  6 pm.
4210 Trumbull, Detroit.
Lisa Sun: Ask yourself: are you willing to work at a fast paced and high stress environment?
Ever since , Anita Hill,  the Coke Can, I call'em Repubes.
Watching Madonna try to move is so painful.
I'll take michael Jackson in his current state over this mess.
Goodnight twitter.
two more days to Friday Woooooohooooooo!!!!!
BAM!!!
that scared the crap out of me!
He's on to us!
RT : There's a very curious, and seemingly distrusting, penguin in front of the Penguincam right now.
i see people who seek joy thru they significant others, you could make ur self haappier than the broke ass buster, alone
Because you don't see me don't mean I don't feel your struggle.
I'm work by the hour every hour to get my homies off the block on the real.
Line up all you Cinderellas and Snow whites my Ped Pal foot scrubbys will have your mister Prince, as in misterSorta right kissing your flip flops
lol RT : how'd you like to be head of Fox polls tonight?; MT Fox poll: Obama up 7 pts
Nothing more embarrassing for a big, strong guy than sneezing with a squeak.
UNICORN IS OPEN  HAS POWER!.
Heading there now....i'm scared of the dark!
aw thanks!
i'll have to have you over when i'm settled in.
:
Its so hot outside .
Can't wait to see the Celtics Thursday night in Milwaukee!!
Shout out to RajonRondo, PaulPierce, KevinGarnett, and RayAllen!
:
looks like they're taking a leak!
how bout you use that anger to your advantage and meet me at the gym around 10:15?
Me and my bestfriend would love for you to follow us 3 Mahomie forever :DD
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
: If a movie were to be made about our mining experiences what should it be called?
Dude, where's my Gold?
m there is nothing like the nice smell of coffee in the afternoon :
And what's wrong with that?
I'd like to know...// ...cause here I go again??
no its not.
its february 19th.
Colleague has brought in her 2nd batch of apple crisp.
We're suffering over here at
Tonight is Bikes on Beale and Hard Rock is hosting Military Appreciation Night honoring the Marines!
Toys for Tots will benefit!
Folks Be Sayin New Year, New Me But Da Only Thing Dat Be Changin Is Dey Twitter Name Doe..
thanks girl!!:
Everything must run its course..life can always start over new 
ThingsiGetAlot whoa your cute, whoa your hot I don't see it but y'all girls do and that's all that matters
if love to, I'll pack right now and get a flight to Hawaii
J Lin taken down a peg...it's about time
Amy Farrah Fowler doesn't believe in costumes.
She's the free spirit that I am.
Sheldon
xD Ohh.
I see why your jellie donut Zerran.XD And wow.
That is pretty..rare.
D: Aha.
Hope you had a good Halloween though
DO IT, you'll look bomb.
;
lol no i dont have it.
ill check it out later tonight!
Spending my birthday afternoon/evening in a graduate class followed by the 1st rehearsal for my play's staged reading.
Pretty cool actually.
he had a legit reason.
unlike Ty.Isnt it funny how Dawn is still so in love with him and also ignacio?
how does stiles handle that?
and so does Kim, you and I are the strong arms of the bunch.
SO to my fellow 500 badger volunteers!
Over 7000 community service hours this semester!
What if the hokeypokey is REALLY what it's all about?
So i have decided that even though i'd love to wait for someone that doesn't know how they feel about me.
I'm just going to be single fo ...
i love u!
please follow me!!
33333333333
is NowMarried and NowPlaying Alone With You
just got done eating some food, breakfast for me :P Don't know what to do till work bahhh
I got stuck in your hood for a LONG time!!
I knew he was a teen cuz he was still in school and he looked like he was 16 or 17 but he was cute but I'm young to him so .
.
.
yeaa
To bad I could'nt make it to the show tonight!
I'm freaking sad!
But I know you did something awesome tonight!
Please follow me U.U
this would be a correct statement
Sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite.
i cant even watch it anymore lmfao
Okay Seouls!
My bro has gone to the store with my mom.
Let's chat it up before he comes back.
O.O
Sayin sorry is like a match, you can only use it once.
After the second try it's useless .
Anyone else think osamabinladen story is suspicious?
Almost too good to be true.
Raise your hand if you're playing the Beastie Boys right now.
supporting on their upcoming 2012 US dates will be
Do you have hot water in ur condo in our building this morn?
Me no.
Coffee is what people doctornks and never forgets
I dont enjoy the hair of those kids from One Direction.
Those hairstyles fill me with unexplainable anger especially when they were on SNL.
Who's prairie doggin it...Me!
Rainy rainy day in South Florida.
Anybody know of flight delays or cancellations at MIA?
Resource Capital Corp.
Reports Results for Three Months Ended March 31, 2012
RT : BreakingNews Sheboygan Mayor Bob Ryan concedes and congratulates challenger in recall election.
only having to wipe once 
i wish i knew someone who could make this all happen 3  kels
the moon better be impressive tonight
If you want the link to the ACTUAL tutorials, lemme know.
I was wondering why my bones were so small
Okay.
I just tweeted him too.
We will see if he replys, I hope.
Lol!
Thanks Collins.
Pics for sure.
Hopefully he doesn't look like E.T.
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why?
I Said you look fat!
3 hour power outage: good excuse for staff holiday lunch, office cleaning, and uninterrupted conversations.
The amount of fuckery that comes to my phone is priceless!
Thanks for the follow Maggie!
Stop in and see us next time you're downtown Indy :
IT PISSES ME OFF SO BADLY.
No, watching doctorStrangelove.
I have unhealthy obsessions with 
That's very lefty of you.
RT : s fsad f f
NF the beautiful  everybody go follow her
RT : Celebrate your love of red white  blue at Smashburger.
RT this msg.
receive a FREE Smashside or shake w/purchase of
I can't believe the dad on Still Standing and King Robert on Game of Thrones are the same actor.
I'm just about to head there myself.
RT : At the LexKy Farmers Market picking up my CSA share!
another year on the naughty list ,should of never ask for that ak extended clip .FUCK IT ,ITS JUST ANOTHER DAY IN MY LIFE ,LETS GO
: 8090 of people I speak with who are experiencing pain actually make a change in backup vendors
I am on hiatus for 6 weeks at my job while it gets sold, so if there's any work, let me know, ok?
GRCH is looking for local restaurants to donate food  snacks during camp week.
Email: if you are interested.
Saw today in the hall while touring SHS.
Yeah, should have hugged her...
I'm not sure how this happened but I'm now following the beautiful
Uh...it's Orsbon, not Osborn
ThingsThatGetMeUpset when ppl swear to god and know they'r lyin!
Thirst Tuesdays?
Noo, that can't be right.
Here's to any reason you need to have a good time!
Why have I not heard the Bigten oops I mean the B10 mentioned once since the AM conference realignment discussion began?
Huh?
Why?
YES!
That summer 2 do list doesn't have much checked off...one more week!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 42
Boise Farmers Market, looking nice and smelling fine today despite a few clouds.
When will Twitter implement the search box and trending topics on the right side for every account?
Mad Genius.
I like that.
Mad.
There's a guy in this coffeehouse that is clearly depressed about a sig other and needs liquor, not coffee.
Poppers...
Who knew?
it's all good.
I suck at Facebook worse than Twitter.
you need to come party with me and Ziljian sometime haha
APD pops 10 DWI doctorvers and seizes 4 vehicles at their overnight checkpoint at Central and California.
NMSP 100 Days of Summer starts soon.
The distance is getting to me Missing Him
Thats what I get for not paying attention...which has been a bit more common than usual for me lately.
:
We were in evac at work until a couple minutes ago, huddled in stairwells and inner offices.
Storm's headed east now.
first40songsonshuffle 34.
Tell Me A Lie  One Direction!!
Ballard was fun,scored stout for Tues doctornkup  Bottleworks, just got downtown  settled  the GT 1st  Pike.
what to do now?
get a pic and bio, hon!
:
hey jess how u been i miss u
when can me u and link up
Clearly, I've answered your query.
Several times.
And clearly, you didn't like my answers.
Can't help you further, Carlo.
I do not take doctorgs  I am doctorgs.
Salvador Dali
I at least try to make her feel better at the end of the night.
Getting straightened out at the chiro.
Omfg Rachel looks so pretty!!!!
Call us 5852222899 with your local rochester request!
I'm getting doctornk w/ sweet tea ;
rolls eyes
I just wanna be in my own bed at home.
Instead of stuck on this air mattress with my sister taking up the whole fucking thing
Got to Lov a girl that brings it !!!
Marguerite, excusable and justifiable
How was your day?
RIP Oscarwinner Cliff Robertson, La Lolla resident and longtime Scripps supporter.
I cried more than 2 times when I was seeing it.
: If you see it in 3D the glasses are harry potter's!
this CHICA is out
I want to skate today....
: True test of your character not how you deal with adversity but how you handle power.
check out in woodholme!
Yo!
Everyone go follow my bro  he just made a twitter...
NOOB ;
As long as you're going to doctoram anyway, doctoram big.
Don't forget to pick up a WSJ today  find our BoBNow Ad, page B5!
Did you get in?
We love stuff.
It's getting hot outside I need sum sun glasses this sun killing my old eyes lol
New topic  Camera Bag for vacation
on who...text me
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone
I remember when I actually liked you.
Really?
Well...I don't remember when I actually gave a damn.
Wilt Chamberlain....such a Dbag
Shoot, I was so busy not learning Russian for this trip that I forgot to not really learn Italian as well.
All I ever want to do is pe.
WHY, BLADDER, WHY.
what have we gotten ourselves into
I hate when I feel like im not good enough for something..
sure anna
Boo you whore!
Just saw Planning a TOYS for TOTS Bash  the Shores Apt 1515 Ennis Joslin on Sat.
Dec 19 from 24pm.
Entry fee1 new toy
Windmills don't mean squat!
You gotta have flavor and musicality
Congrats Bon Iver, a much deserved Grammy.
Not necessarily a new artist, but getting better every year.
come at me bro!
Good News, St.
Stephen's Community House has been selected as our 1st partnering agency to receive a donation of over 3000 diapers.
Gipsy Kings with a less than lovely, but passable fella.
What are you up to?
next weds at Harlem tavern.
I'm gonna be in dc most of this week.
oh well good luck!:
Anyone who is anyone was a nobody once upon a time.
Keep on pushing forward!
A while ago, you rec'd Peter Ho Davies' 'Equal Love' as good reading.
Just picked up a used copy and enjoying it.
Thank you!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I Hate My Mom
Good morning!
Don't forget to submit your writing sample for our very first 'Theatre By the Blind Scriptwriting Competition!'
Wait, is Mitt Romney actually running for president?
Like...with the intention of winning?
with and and doctornking crown And gettin down
aww thank you
Fantastic Mixer last night with lots of information and demonstrations on 3D filming and cameras and some great contacts!
Beliebers!
SIT DOWN!
You don't know anything about Austin  your already judging?!
Justin has already has enough awards!
Austin deserves it!
: Should be a shooin for a Pulitzer.
I wouldn't trade it for nothing.
hahahahahhah no I don't mind!
Seriously then it looks like people actually read half the shit I tweet.
you think I'm pissed off now wait till that happens.
The vow /3
Music by Felicia Carter  Amy Shook begins  7 2night with My Big Idea story tellers getting underway  8...incredible line up!
: MentionYourCrush But I'm not his type.
Aka a guy :' 3 I'm sorry!
D:
RIP Mike Kelley.
Words completely fail me right now, but this is totally awful and a huge loss.
R U missing Coachella?
Boom Box Surround Sound with Bennett P listen live right now!
done,I'm waiting 
Im really irritated.
hey stop putting ads on EVERY video on your site.
There are few jobs I refuse to post , but SW Baptist U's stated hiring preferences royally piss me off.
Unsurprisingly.
thanks for ur msg.
His holiness wants me to give u a virtual high five :
thank you so very much!
:
We'll be adding new concerts to our professorle today!
Stay tuned!
I've had one of those weeks before...
recently, actually...
I feel for ya...
I'm in for belting
Awesome.
I will be staying all weekend, but Saturday is always the best night for hanging at the bar :
I'm on the edge, of fury.
I noticed
Can big city girl  small town boy discover their true treasure?
SMALL TOWN TREASURE by coming 6/22
Friendship should be a responsibility, never an opportunity.
Mark Lyons to Arizona.
That leaves Torian Graham, Mislav Brzoja and Wright State transfer Julius Mays for UK.
Yoga is an integral part of well being and an amazing complement to Pilates.
Expose students to many different collaboration environments.
Break out of the comfort zone of consistency.
Make sure u check out local Nobodies EP with myself and free download .......
: We're ALL Mexican this weekend.
favoriteholiday yolo
NP Pouring' Up  Pimp C 
no problem.????
Hi!...I'm done being anti social
Nothing like the laugh of a baby to start your day off on the right path....oh and a Team Vic Matrix shake as well.
k thanks!
See you Thursday!:
I know.
I have 20M and have yet to buy much.
I should just buy ALL THE THINGS!
;
Yes, Jay Carney cancelled his press conference..can't find his pink fluffy pen, it's his favorite..tearing up the whole place looking for it
I hate everyone and everything today
Luck and preparation have collided in a very positive way today  sending good vibes to all of you
locking in our last few banner day sponsors....
and then on to the next project ; Very excited about this upcoming season!
can I be the 41 person you follow?????:D 333
sorry to hear that
...the old ambush a perp thing is cliche  I try to use it only when/if necessary.
But when I do that I hope they'll share their client's
new job?
WHY YOU SO MEAN TO ME
we reviewed distance, midpoint  all that stupid shit in math.
in Spanish we had to right a long ass letter to a friend.

agree!
It doesn't feel like her personal best  she's usually always on my bestdoctorssed list.
Nice Fashion is about doctorssing according to what's fashionable.
Style is more about being yourself.
Oscar de la Renta
Happy new years everyone!
Hope y'all have a good day:
Help me get to 300 follows by tonight?!
:
ooohh...
Yeah it is you're birthday isn't it?
I forgot to send you a card AGAIN!
facepalm Happy Biryhday tdice!
What about Lowe's FB page makes it your fav?
call me TW3LV ; the new me.
my producer name.
CONGRATS ON GRADUATING !!!!3
I grocery shopped.
:p
Streaming BBC World not possible today  servers are down!
What's up ?
thanks!!
Make sure you vote for Vancouver in our Facebook poll :
Wow 2010.
Crazy.
Happy New Year!!
Schalke04 website said about 20 fans from Germany.
Club paid for their game tickets.
that's dead!
That's the past haha
A Thank you?
and B I just have to find a cute player, and I'm in.
Maybe even Soccer.
But it would take alot.
I Cried When I pierced my nose.
Isn't Raheem a 43 guy?
One of the reasons I don't want him running our defense.
lol.
Well you won that battle.
FF to our loyal followers:
can we make a special announcement for our newest STH
Got new iPhone a few days ago...
so many apps...
the house is a mess...
bills need to be paid...
PLANTS NEED WATER...
BUT THE APPS!!!
did I see Police Unity cyclists on Pulaski Hwy today 10:30 a.m.?
Awesome motorcycle escort for impressive group!
Thanks so much Kathy.
And Happy New Year to you too!
Currently seeking graphic designers and webdesingers....Needed for upcoming projects
bread 11's what a bum kid
Holla at the fam for the studio time, mixing, mastering...even beats!
They WINNIN over there!
I can't wait to see this Heat/Pacers series!!
Another test damn he killing me with this shit
Heading into hour 3 of redistricting hearing.
B.
Tetlow is wearing red; is wearing blue.
Nice work guys.
David Bly and Bill Gates Sr rock the room at 2012GEO Radical generosity and hard wok.
Love it!
Hm.
Someone give me a specific manual on how to get well known in the music industry.
Hope you had an amazing day dear!!
RSVP Members will be helping out at the Grandparents raising Grandkids support group for FCSN.
Glad we could help!
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them.
Chinese Proverb
hahaha look at that cutie!
I sure am looking to do so.
What
It feel good 2 be loved!!!!!!!
The RDA recommends about 56 grams of protein per day for an adult male and about 46 grams for an adult female.
Too much or not enough?
Offical cookie of arrives today....
exciting times in Dallas at SMILEcon www.smileycookie.com/ www.theSMILEConference.com
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like youre talking to yourself.
Excellent discussion and interview this AMon TVI learned something.
New Bucks shirt and kids gear is in!
Normal Saturday shop hours today.
Noon  4pm.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side Door.
3for25: Savoyed spinach with shallot and almonds Roasted pork shoulder with mustard greens Soft serve ice cream with magical shell
...
doctorves appeared to remain constant throughout life, with blacks being more active than whites, men more than women, ...
Great show
I knew you were wild.
Figured you had a cute tail.
Say its so
how was the Shazam show last night?
Forecast: doctor and warm inside the Stutz today.
Open House resumes at 2 and goes until 7.
Come see us!
Totally already ratted you out to the police, signing out a form now.
You can so go to jail for hacking a person, Hope yo go.
wtfff computer?
I guess you can update windows while I'm doing my butler resume.
really?
The boyz have left me to play video games after treating me to margarita's, I feel violated.
Come visit NOW!
X
In my opinion I think that someone should be looking for at least two new client focused solutions per week to stay ahead of the curve.
You guys made Uber Fiesta happen.
You are heroes in my book!
LMAO!!
I'm just trying to get like you!!!
CEO and Founder in Brooklyn next week!
Casting new reality show!
Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship?
?
Email your story:
I can't believe tomorrow is my last day of high school!
man hakeem nick only got me 6 fantasy points today, jimmy graham only got me 3....
but im still in the game
Thanks for a great set visit at your new downtown home today.
I can't wait to watch the first season of ALLSTARS!
Hahahaha yes.
RT : Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?
I agree.
even better.
Feeling great after sun over the weekend
In case you missed it yesterday 's first single RollerCoaster is now available on iTunes
VinScully is my hero
I always picture Thandie Newton.
What event do you want to go this weekend for the Arnold Sports Festival?
Our vote is the film festival hosted by Eddie George!
Former UWRiver Falls star Rick Montreal has led New Richmond to five straight titles in the Middle Border Conference.
There's this kid named  I love him..3
Why Not??
actually it was pretty gross I don't want to eat poptarts or hotdogs for awhile :
you are sadly mistaken.
They're gonna get spanked.
40 or 41.
We must contemplate hiring Lord Augustus Harrington to take us to Scotland....he's a wonderful director!
Trog
All art may be subversive; Vogel's book enthusiastically considers how certain films pull it off.
Exactly what I was thinking re the effect of time
CODY!!!
lol RT this if u remember me??
i was the REALLY hyper girl remember?
lol
Great NBC performance.
What's with BranchOut on FB?
I keep getting requests, but I don't know if people want to connect or are just blasting all their FB friends.
I would like to reccomend Nicholas:The Fantastic Origin of Santa Claus by
definately, is an amazing technology and even better community!
Many thanks to for sending me to doctorpalCon
I eat cake with a spoon.
;
follow me everyone
Erich Fromm The successful revolutionary is a statesman the unsuccessful one a criminal.
moday ms mayer told us
its only game one.
Lesson 6 from  demonstrate leadership every chance you get.

don't forget to DM us your addoctorss today for your FREE tshirt
voss like a boss.
:
NBA No Basketball Anymore Millionaires vs Billionaires Let's forget it and support our great college teams!
Go Vikings!
PSU PDX
TONIGHT LIVE IN THE MIX AT A DEBUT AT SAN MARTIN!!
TOMORROW ALL TEENS NEED TO BE AT CLUB MANSION!!
DOORS OPEN AT 7!
I love The Manitou!
Tweeters at the rally tomorrow: use hashtag pnonukes when tweeting from the rally!
did u name ur cat after Tony Romo?
haha cuz im watching football with my dad and his name came up and i thought of ur cat
for lunch i had veggies and cheese sticks..
sounds good right?
LOL!
Since ur new to the app, you shld b OK.
Just some finer points have been lost, but I'm sure they'll fix it again!
On set filming SAG Web Series pilot D.P.I.
DISCOUNT PARANORMAL INVESTIGATORS.
Like on Facebook
Opportunities are presented when you look to serve others.
Twitter is being annoying and not letting me follow more than a certain number of tweeps in a period of time.
as a fan, it is sad to see you go, but I'm hoping for the best for you with Golden State!
Yes Please!
: What makes a Monday better?
Cookie dough pieces.
I'm eagerly anticipating the madness
ooh, I'd love to see the Hunger Games early
Saying mean things to another person, will not give you a compliment in return.
darius miller visiting four schools in Clark county today.
with him now at strode station
Caps Vokoun says he was looking at it as a oneyear thing when he signed here
Gilbert Keith Chesterton Coincidences are spiritual puns.
err, take that as a positive statement!
I got a song I WANa sing so can u sing dat back 2me
Can't wait to meet,,truly the most worthed time,,I've spent in waiting...!!
Hug n kiss much to my baby boy...!!
I'll see u soon,baby...
been sleep all day
Deiondoctor Sanders forever sending dem goons on somebody.
Handle your own mess
Listening to LMFAO...reminding me of Cabo.
I seriously need a break, though.
The Scommunities program is unconstitutional a modern Nazism.
USA believed the immigrants are a parasitic race.
Neofascism 
ah : What about you?
i kind of wish i had an slr camera, but for now, my iphone will do the trick
staring my day how is everyone??godbless to all
Wish the Knicks would throw a zone at em or somethin...
It's a lot better than having to buy them!
LOVE THIS!!!
uhh no I wait til I'm home and then I tweet.
By far the worst and most annoying lab partner I've ever had..
Wonderful to sit in on Marie Ponsot's class on Blake at New School this afternoon.
fans will come and go, but pizza will always love me back.
This the type of shit that pussy me off dude
hmm ok...
u should try doing it harder
Still Havnt Gotten Me Anything Ta Eat Fina Get Out Doe
I'm glad the roads are kind of nasty, because now everyone's car is as dirty as mine.
Theres a little water on the ground and a little rain/snow in the air.
We're about to head home.
our ?
4 2nite is how do we as mgrs use the info u shared to assist our artists to understand  implement?
Txs Diana  SM!
Early bird special...check in on 4square today from noon to 1pm  get free beer.
TGIF specials have started!!!!!
Sleigh bells  come back kid on repeat!
I'll give it a whirl!
sounds like trouble.
Sounds fun.
I'm guna go MIA too.
Nice overthrow by Wilson
Twisting at Allison's Birthday Party in Lexington, Ma.
from 3:304:30 Pm
: Stepping into the SXMPartyBarn now is of !
Embarrassing.
Spurs have fallen to pieces.
All 2009 and older dirt apparel and gear 30 off!!!
Gear won't last long at these prices!
Hurry down!!!
The good thing about staying home is actually getting some rest
Thanks.
What fields do you think that's representative of?
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
I sure did:
you got me started on subway's chicken ranch on honeyoat  now i'm addicted.
Faith and doubt both are needed  not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve.
Lillian Smith
Hey Mark Walhberg, when do you plan on bringing back Marky Mark?
Us ladies kinda need him.
I honestly don't understand why LBSU men's volleyball isn't more popular.
It's a fun sport to watch  our team's good.
What's not to like?
are you guys thinking about the ability to add Facebook FAN PAGES when we already have our regular professorle added?
Are we changing individual behaviors, systems and finally hearts and minds.
Last is most difficult to measure.
what you doing bro?
It's all fun and games until you remember Arnold in Hey Arnold!
was an orphan.
Y'all are in BIG trouble.
Got the phone w/ all the tricks now.
I'm pinteresting all my instagrams from my voice activated tweet deck.
i thiink the clock on my wall is like an hour ahead....
i should fix that nah ill just remember that its an hour fast
It was great meeting you again at This office is awesome!
where at
Thanks for doing it right on the way out, Desperate Housewives.
My Sunday nights will never be the same.
's Shoulders, Legs  Abs workout today in the Hollywood Hills is going to be Amazing!
Be your best, be authentic.
Living someone else's life will only lead down a dead end alley.
Wife keeps hoping secretcircle will get better but she is losing hope.
Finally.
Just saw the hunger games.....great movie
now she sits next to me.
fuck.
23 your gorgeous  so nice.
austin's following you , im jealous LOL :
I'm going to cock later.
is what I saw for a sec.
..
Spent all saturday at the beach...now I have 52 messages in my inbox...boy I'm popular!
thanks for following!
not if she doesn't know.
No relation, but this might make myself and the Clark Trifecta of Rob Has a Podcast guests.
Tear the roof off the joint tonight!
heck yeah!
Ugh.
This is making me so excited for next year.
Ohnoit'snotall!
Are they ON you, or do you see them?
I demand an encounter with Michael and Jay wearing them.
IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be wasting my time right now typing in this Tweet.
What NFL player has Ron Zook Porduced?
Cant think of one even when he coached florida
Pancake Halloween Decorating party!
Come to the next DCC meeting to find out more!
DCC Meetings are Wednesdays at 8:30PM in the CD Lounge.
I'm ready for school to be out, Paseo doctorins me !
knows Zicam is saving me right now : Never fails!
RT : : Being an entrepreneur is being able to CONFIDENTLY run towards a brick wall.
So, what was your fav swag bag item from our MNO event last night?
Dying to know!
Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
just did love :
Uhh yeah we did, I learned many things that were useful to me now, like the art of napping.
Got a show next wednesday the 22nd.
Holiday cheer.
Northside Tavern in Cincinnati.
Low Hanging Wires.
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!
I think it's really dope when people recognize me for the music I make :
Dear Phone, I doctorp You.
I Say I Hate You.
I Throw You.
I Lose You.
I Forget About You, But I Couldnt Live Without You
Falcons score on the first doctorve every game.
They have a oneseries offensive game plan.
Thank you, much appreciated!
Gotta love a serial retweeter ;
It's one of the worst sites on the internet.
I mistakenly clicked on a link that led me to it.
The CLE content was worth it tho.
Altoona First Savings Bank Counts on SolarWinds Log and Event Manager for Security and Compliance
musicmonday poll: Why study music?
So greatful for everything in my life!
Enjoying the guest wifi in the waiting area at Martha Jefferson while Marina gets some tests.
I just wanna see you :
Us, too, !
Thanks for the mention!
i think we heard a fox howl earlier...
do foxes howl?
I had a Mac miller moment and thought of u
so fun!
I don't like this.
I don't like this at all!
Thanks for following!!!
Bretana
ICantDateSomeoneThat is not a carbonbased life form.
It's interesting how Christian fundamentalists r often more afraid of death than nonbelievers, when their religion says they're saved.
Finally, fantastic weather  and on the first day of Summerfest  Coincidence?
Has summer finally arrived for Milwaukee?
dude...
i have to hang out with you..
smh with wishing.
lol
Brain fried.
Dealing w/ TOS, risk mitigation issues, IP issues  other legal issues.
Ready to switch gears
just ordered a kit from i hope i find something out worthwhile...
Will be at Docksiders at 1230 for the bills game!!!
Come on down!!
Brown  Jones Reporting now has a conference center which seats up to 40 people, courtesy of
I've Learned To Never Let Anyone Discourage Yu From Doing What Yu Love!!
There's Nothing Better Then Doing What People Said Yu Couldn't Do.
magazine clippings and hotels and rest.s r a great starting point for a design project
I want it to rain!Happy it's the last day of school.
Did hou know?
The character 'Hoss on Bonanza actually had a normal name.
It was Eric.
Hoss was purported to mean big, friendly man.
Give teachers a pension  they'll live comfortably for a lifetime.
Teach teachers to protest  they'll live comfortably for generations...
every time i say that some new responsibility pops up.
Starting to wonder if I'm sabotaging myself on purpose.
Good luck tho!
I really don't know how I should doctorss tomorrow, this weather is bipolar
Did all these analysts watch football last season?
The Packers have worked around key injuries before.
my bad, not my intention...we gotta have a girls night soon :
Playing with Neal.
:
I get a headache every time I spend money.
Got a NullPointerException today by reinstantiating something that had already been instantiated
Moorea would like to thank Kristen Ruhlin, Daniel Nguyen, Tenille Houston, and Janna VanHeertum for representing today!
Wow!!!
RT : Why is it that if you like sex, people think you only like sex?
go like the FB page.
They almost have 11,000 likes.
Killing it.
She's from a Mormon family, so I'm betting this'll be it for her, for good or bad.
:/
When a decent man like Richard Lugar loses in a PRIMARY, you know that the GOP has left the reservation and does not deserve to govern
I have viewers in Ireland and the UK!
:D Anyone that goes and watches any of my videos and then tweets a link I will give a shoutout!
I'll never get over how awful The Green Lantern is..
3 !!!
And his fierce poems.
Mother's Day is fast approaching!
Make it memorable with a unique gift and carve out some time to hang with your awesome mom:
don't be shocked that the chick u met off of twitter ain't shit like she presented herself to be while she is online.
Thanks for reading and sharing!
btw I just meant someone named Tina.
I laughed...
Her weave was permed though.
cause were that cute, we know.
Btw it was Nathalie that old the dude...
I'm yawning and still in my pj's but the sun is out and about in chicago.
I hear the ctagreenline in the distance..
I should take a walk.
ATTENTION: towers is now serving Virginia ham so if you've yet to have ham from Virginia don't let this opportunity surpass you
maybe for good depending on how things go!
I miss you guys!
I NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE!
Walking out my door, view of the lake  Kanye on my Phone
All right.
Kitchen/fridge/cabinets/sink cleaned.
Check.
I wish congress would have done it right and given the debt ceiling a beautiful Soanian starfish vault
College sports are my favorite.
University of Michigan alum, so UM is my favorite, but hoping for a new coach
Join me in supporting FAIR Tradebest strategy to curtial human trafficking.
Please make informed buying decisions.
Blessings to you  your
hater we won that fair and square
Yay!
Was worried it got lost.
Glad it worked out.
why is every single buccos commercial done to dubstep?
I WANT TO GO TO 9FEST
haha!
I have always wondered if you guys will go through with that or not...
cuz it should.
throwin up the middle finga to the world n to those who think they mean sum to me
They are so damn expensive.
when in may!
I might be leaving may 15th at the soonest!
so I know I just asked this same thing about MM, but did u catch the Parks and Rec finale yet?
Like it?
LMAO.....
that sounds about right
I met you in NC a few years back.
Told you Chipper was my favorite.
But but you would always be my hero.
iWishThat you would vote for !
Arabella Jones Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
LOL So Them Analyst Saying Clips No Chance Vs Spurs Fuck Dat When A Team Led By CP3 Anything Possible GOCLIPS We Can Do It.
: I love an Anne frank number with a rhinestone collar
Have you added Speakaboos1 on AND !
Look at what were bookmarking!
People who owe me money 
my favorite child is the one that is paying attention to me.
Everything I eat makes me naucious 
Summer afternoonsummer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language  Henry James
hmm but duke is always apart of the team
Cold pizza  lots of ranch 
Thank Georgia!
Now make sure to talk to us now kay love?
omfg i love you
5 Ways for CreatingInnovators: Collaboration, MultiDisciplinary,Trial/Error, Creating not Consuming, Intrinsic Motivation
Route 88/horseneck beach traffic is VERY backed up
doctorams don't work, Unless you do.
Anyone know of any good document cameras?
Rise early, work hard, strike oil
We were thinking more like June once we are settled into our new live/work space.
I already pretend that mine does.
: Been getting some strange looks.
happybossday to you!
You are running the show !
TRYINGTOTWEET!
EL food has been delivered if you didn't place an order this week, call us or come by  pickup some meals!
First come, first served!
cant wait til my birthday, its going to be fun i aint seen a birthday sinces 09...been locked up :
Thanks for the feedback, so glad we could help!
There's only 1 line into heaven, God doesn't care about ur denomination, skin color, social status.
God only cares about what's in ur heart.
wth??
you've got legs : : Cause I am not running and almost everyone else is.
Went from dinner to watching greys anatomy.
This is painful but I shall endure for the betterment of this relationship lol
the 12 year old was beaten after a facebook invite for kick a ginger day was sent by his classmates.
may have been inspired by south park.
Smh..
I wish things could be different
Happily the hail did not affect morning flights.
SanDiego: Who's going to see CHICAGO tonight?!
I can't wait!
Flying frontier to SFO today.
Wish it were
I'm sure you do haha I just wanted an excuse to holler at you since I haven't heard from you in a while ;
good job yesterday!
i was impressed
Apparently I've exceeded the limit for winning free Tim Horton's coffee, because God just spilled a large one all over my car floor.
Answers:accessibilitywelcoming visitors,provide safe space
Two questions: 1 Where does he reaffirm imperial presidency in the EO?
And what does that mean in this context?
I can't spell worth shit
yo i like the direction in some of those tracks ....
Some good news for Dewey  LeBoeuf: the Dodgers get sold for 2 billion, and Dewey lawyers advise on the deal.
I wanna watch it now!
Ill make sure to look for it :
Anyone else getting weird emails from Twitter?
In oteam training listening to joe
We should change the saying to Home is where your phone automatically connects to your wifi
ALEX, wanna know how to make me smile??
Follow Me??
I've been trying for forever.3 :
Fridge full of food, nothing to eat.
Wardoctorbe full of clothes, nothing to wear.
Internet full of sites, nothing to go on...
I ride/die for my Boo!
No, not a man...
my big brother!
.
Very funny!
lol Keep up the great work!
I enjoy reading your stuff.
:
2012 will be the year of small business but if not it will be the year our ship sank to the very bottom!
I'm good with you!
no, camera is with me.
I'd be already in jail if they lost my camera lol all lights, though :
Agreed, can't wait...
RT : Absolutely!
This summer is already shaping up to be the best one yet!
I watched Bad Teacher last night.
The bad part was correct.
What were they thinking?
Yeah man me too!
its crazzyy!
It's possible the column will be returning in a few months.
But that has yet to be determined.
Some fan mail couldn't hurt.
Oh snap, looks like  I get to hang this weekend in Hartford.
Been too long, but that's industrylife.
Listen to
I hate them too!!
But I know OKC will kick their ass just like they did to Dallas!
yah girl but we don't have a car mine broke down so we don't have a way to get down there and I work sat night
I see my fated stars in your eyes.
They melt me like the sun does snow
Thanks to everyone who came out today to fight
Who's in weather this evening?
My imagination or is tonight's temperatures going to be in the chilly side in PDX?
OKC is on one!!!
no more kale this week, tomorrow we have the Funghi pie as our special.
On a cold day doesn't a warm Cinnamon Roll sound scrumptious?
Announcing presenting sponsor LST Financial for NYE2012 party with a purpose!
Thx to GColton Photo!
forgot to doctornk coffee and forgot a granola bar.
goodbye day.
z
RT : swagg thank you RT : S/O to and the whole team!!
Grind hard and be blessed!!
so 1D has sold out like even the normal tickets
my mother just finished her last round of chemo for breast cancer a day before I did the Avon breast cancer walk.
She loves you!
LISTEN TO NN PLAYING THE GAME KYNDA BORED
I'm looking for a job in Portland, OR in purchasing, admin., or marketing

Ristas too funny
If you love country music, show some support and follow!!!
No but I'll watch it on YouTube l8er : P.S I want a WWE Slurpie cup xD
WNS Wins the Prestigious Golden Peacock Global Award for Corporate Social Responsibility 2012
First time for me so not sure how/if it'll work.
I'm hoping it will though.

everyone is happy about this mem/lac game 7 except Spurs fans!!!
THIS SERIES NEEDS TO HURRY TF UP!
Mayweather won.
I'm happy now.
very nice!
Glad to see 3d spectacle design has moved past analglyph!
I don't think all you sexi chicks out there realize how much we as men jerk off to y'all...
Google isn't just a website...its also a number.
I hate when i put words i didnt mean to put
Follow my new account please!!
happy thanksgiving baddies ;D :
I think its a great idea.
I know so many folks that went through a rough time with tenants.
they could use this!
Check me out on LinkedIn and let me know if you need any strategic contributions.
Congratulations.
I loved WWS.
Mark
Oh god, i'm turning into one of 'those people.'
BRICKSQUAD4L Ahahahahahahaha.
Gohard or Gohome.
That's the moto son.
; School is for bitches and sluts.
just not so hot that I catch fire
I wanna do something spooky for Halloween.
Anyone in Columbus have any ideas that doesn't include the HauntedHoochie?
I punch when scared.
Where you gonna be tonight?
yaaaaaay!!!
Ya'll will love it when u come
Faggot punk pussy!
OH: Farmville is subsidized by the US government.
If you're on the he's gay side of the debate, you win.
But you knew that...
;
shake the glitter !
I love the way the app looks.
Great concept.
Hurry up and expand to more cities, please.
I dunno where you be at ?
How's life aside from that?
National Board Certified School Librarians Leadership in Technology Integration: Results of a National Survey via
A man does not run through a wall because of who you are but for whom you stand
The two most broadly cultivated species of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora  C.
arabica.
Can Miss Trudy write my name in German!?
I'll be in soon for some toffalo wangzzz, I'm sure.
I'm trying to eat healthier, but always make an exception for Pal.
can a real man love me..lol
thinking of and her family today, sending her my prayers
Watching the Victoria Secret Fashion Show makes me want to donate to charities that help women battling anorexia.
Play and failure can be the same.
Like!
never have and never will, A gotta go!
haha i wont!
Don't doctorft off to sleep with The Exorcist playing in the background.
Did anyone else hear something about NickFairley having some issues?
Thought I saw a tweet today about substance issues with him.
Happy 6th Anniversary as a JanPro Sacramento franchisee....Long Vang!
Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
found it iconic the political world uses Music through ever campaign...
if their not supporting the arts They should stop using it
Success without God Succkssss!
What the fuck is Orel Herschiser talking about?
Ever?
Tyler will be at Bamboozle this year.
Anyone going?
Come find me!
whoops missed National Best Friends day ;
Preservation strategies that involve large areas of geographic
Beautiful day to doctorve to WV Wesleyan for a choir reunion.
A new fountain, dorm,  science center since my last visit.
And no more Rolstars
Priest Lake  Northern Idaho
Bosh injury is huge
hang in there man just working at it
You know you are an adult when the phrase inunit laundoctor is more exciting than Christmas presents.
stay in yo own lane!!!
Isn't it interesting?
I hope your doctorams stay big  your worries stay small 
HUGE SAVE by Mike Smith
I wonder what is cooking
RT Watch what u say on phones and social sites  ya never know who's listening or watching
Wow didn't knw its supposed to snow, wish I was in the bed.
I'm sure it is...
I'm enjoying it already!
Its always good to see her.
whats your number?
TSA at LAX thought I looked like Dave Matthews.
That's a 1st.
Gotta stop traveling with a violinist I guess.
lol!!
Me either!!
Wow, I'm impressed...such a celeb!
Help me make my doctoram a reality!
your frustration, anger, and all the other feelings you're expressing.
when we win and 1d come to ny, show them your vid.
false, I ordered a Ron Artest deluxe hip hop full length mix tape.
You know, the one he asked time off to record?
Whenever I need to smile, I have a 1:15 clip of one of my best friends dancing and belting out Born to Run and that never fails haha
west village one is better.
Less crowded.
bring on the boyfriend video.
I am going to bed in Ireland knowing that it will be online when i wake up.
SWAG
My boobs are to big
I hate when a girl tell me how she feel at the end of the year..
Every year doctor Truvbhshaoahdumbbitch comes up with shit to stop Freshman Friday, but she always fails lol
Pancakes with fresh fruit for breakfast!
Is it bad to wish that everyone who ever worked on IE6 or 7 deserves to die in a gas fire?
I think not.
you have that many pairs?
We're running 10 minutes late, see you soon at Haight and Claython.
tonight its popping 900 east Located suites ,Meriden,ct.doctornk specials 5 shot specials w/ new female bartenders
tweet me.
im bored
It really makes me sad how ignorant Mark Zuckerberg is.
Sure!: my workouts aren't going well.
Can't seem to get where I want to be.
Wish had someone like u to guide me.
Just because you show YOUR friend respect doesn't mean iHave to!
OCLS has Shake It Up app: give your phone a shake and the OCLS 'Shake It' app will recommend a book for you
RT : Mariners' offensive futility reaches level of perfection!
I think I might have heard summerfest will open a day early...on Wednesday...so still ten days total...weird...

Hey Live at 7, still doing the Hire Me segment?
Career Counselors want to know!
You know you're a southern belle when you walk better in your cowboy boots then you do in high heels 3
dont i sound pretty on the phone too lol?
Wow, I'm sorry.
Feel your pain.
My friend died of that at age 24.
After being diagnosed 8 weeks before.
Thanks for making my morning full of giggles.
;
Tahsin Shamsul, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
ha ha ha!
time to updated your bio to just
Dodgeball game today at 3:30pm for Spirit Week!
Don't miss the action
Crafting.
Baseball.
Sunshine.
My perfect evening.
there's a vry special place in hell 4
Can they just go out already?
It actually takes my family 10 mins to get in the car, and 10 after that to actually leave.
X
The funny part is that it does not come from Jerusalem and it is not an artichoke.
It is neither.
Rockin' and rollin' at day two of Raincamp in Atlantic City!
I'm Watching Arrested Development with Scott.
Tell me again why you're not here...
I might have to agree with you on that statement!
AND LOL...I just read your bio ; just go for the monster ballads
yeah ill wait to watch this until tomorrow
I just started following you .
I love your acting
OMG GLEE IS ON RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
On the floor Aram Martin
enjoys the deserted spring break campus
: Thanks for the followfriday love!
good!!
How are u?
I smell a scam: Leftist goons publicly mugging their own money guys to create a populist image for their guy with MSM pushing it hard.
I KNOW
Haha i just thought it was funny cause they called you a pussy: : U to huh!
:/  Lmao :D  ...
20thingsaboutme im attracted to bad boys .
What's that?
You're thirsty?
There's an APP for that.
that song is legit
I'm.
So.
Jealous.
Right.
Now.
Do you cut your own?
I'd tried, but it looked terrible.
And I rocked it.
Ha ha ha
NY diner cheeseburger deluxes rule.
Yipppppeeeeeeee!
SpotTheShuttle.
Great pix to follow from ALL!
I like how that antiTom Barrett ad visually equates concealed carry with a HUNTER in FULL HUNTING GEAR with his HUNTING RIFLE taken away.
Slept like a rock last night and now stiff.
Plus really would like to crawl back to bed.
Yawn!
Congrats to England U17's jordandakid and in their 10 win over Ukraine in the Euro C'ships in Georgia yesterday
Art teachers: have you played 's doctorwsomething on your phone or tablet yet?
Well, prepare to be addicted.
At the school in the gym hooping' w/ Mikey , Darius , Sean  Demorea.
.
!
TML
atouraine Social movements are historical agents' struggle to gain control of the instruments and effects of social change.
Getting ready to hit Keeneland up with at noon.
Should be a good time!
in the locker room.
i wish i could go home.
D:
Odd how I get so giddy when I receive a new or report in my inbox.
I feel like giving something away today on the !!!!
thoughts
Interesting.
I do know of plenty of folks who, sadly, like to live like the stereotypes.
you should go out and buy one!
are they available anywhere near you?
Never good enough
Are you at Krystal?
well deserved win today at Midwest Cultural Tourism Conference!
Can't wait to see what you do next!
Im tired af.
Goodnight :
It's 70 degrees and sunny here right now.
How are you enjoy this fine December day?
Perhaps it's time to escape the cold :
...to tell you how much I enjoyed it.
Question: in your mind, what happened to Vic after we see him last?
Oh jeeze.
Last sem, someone in my class blamed the recession on Native Americans and the Amish not paying taxes.
Seriously?!
I can't decide if I love the guy that invented the snooze button, or if I hate him.
Awesome  thanks!
End of first quarter in Memphis.
CLIPPERS up 16  13 with 4 points 4 rebounds.
LetsGoCLIPPERS!!!
Aliona and Laila, Thanks for being friends of Booksicals.
We love having friends from all over the world!
Happy and Healthy New Year!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
Spent the afternoon with NIP developing a Class on Dating.
I guess it would be considered a Social Skill, who knew?
:D I'm making up for lost time now, sad that my beastie fandom peaked in high school, but I'm fixing that now.
ay you too ms.
Felix fwm
That's why you never trust a man with a neck tattoo.
haven't had oxtail ramen at Kata Robata, but their regular ramen is ok
This is one painful game to watch...brutal football being played at MetLife tonight.
marvelous thanks.
:
So tired of being made to feel like shit.
Is Emily Blunt like totally schnockered..said with my horrible English accent
lol!!!!!!!
The earthquake happened and as soon as it stopped....two seconds later my alarm clock went off lol
I Hate Being Cursed With His Genes .
NHL officiating is becoming the laughing stock of sports.
NFL is thrilled right now.
Is it just me or is Butler hard to beat whenever they play on CBS???
Juice Plus giving me energy to do yoga in the back of the room in Opryland...peoplr staring at walking eagle pose...priceless...
happy birf day bro!
Congrats on finally being 18!
Thank you for the 5 awesome classroom blog alternativesLove it, thanks!
In honor of NOLD turning 40, we are tracking his beer intake today.
Beer 1 Arcadia Witsun.
Today I begin my serious www.peggyguichu.blogspot.com entries.
I'm starting my new year early with daily discipline of my time.
Yes!
That's awesome!
DM me!
thanks so much!
Counting on you to listen
Lebron gave his mom the best muthers day gift of all time DWADE!
He may B a Fine Man  She may B a Pretty chick but if ya Attitude is Nasty it makes you look a UGLY Biotch!
Straight Like That...
Good morning!
Back on Happy New Year!
cnn ticker: bears lions and tigers loose.
come on, you couldnt have ordered it lions tigers and bears?
Go Heels!
:D Graduated in '09 from SILS
You know that feeling when you've just pushed a couple big projects out the door, and then you look at your stillfull inbox?
Rams give 2nd round pick to the redskins.
Now shanahan can ride RG3s success into another head coaching job he doesn't deserve
Just got a nice message from one of the people I most admire :
That looks great!
dont put that on here lol
Just noticed that Kim Kardashian is reading The Joy of Quantum Physics on the California tourism commercial.
Someone has a sense of humor.
The fundamentals associated with website design  Adult SEO Blog
that's you know there bedtime like 10 lol
People confuse being real with being rude way too often.
Downtown Reno  oh so sophisticated.
I know I'm mad late, but finally able to check out the new Ebony site.
So thoroughly impressed.
Kudos to all involved.
I aint gone lie im in tears my dawg colton gone off American idol wtf !!!!!
Lmao that im crying...
The other stuff..
Spelling, all of you!
Excited about going to check out my man tonight in Creedmoor NC.
Good music...Good vibe.
oh, I see.
That's not cool.
imsorry 
My grandpa passed away yesterday!
We love and miss you!
God be with you.
My family psycho.....like they not normal....I kno everybody say they family crazy....but no....mine just beyond cray cray Oo
Idk what it is about Ribbon in the Sky that brings tears to my eyes no matter who sings or plays it.
My fav of all time!
Is he reversing what MLK Jr did?
come in and enjoy an order of Rosemary fries.
No high fructose corn syrup, no trans fats, no artificial colors or flavors, and no added MSG.
That's how we roll.
If I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong.
Don't talk to me about protocol.
The latest on the stadium bill on News and Views starting at noon!
The Governor will check in at 12:30pm
Getting ready for this year's in Atlanta!
Will YOU be there?
Everyone has something they can share with a young person.
A compliment, how to tie a tie, or a new perspective.
The best part of predicting a big inning is there's a wide range of outcomes it can cover ;
Completely with you on that.
Don't miss the Times much, get enough via links.
But I tune into Guardian daily.
: Me with Chef Timon Balloo at Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodoctorguez's Salsa at Sea Great pic!!
me too!
I doctornk like 10 cups of water every day...
I swear, if you don't hurry up and pick somewhere to eat...
Hell is full of musical amateurs.
George Bernard Shaw
thanks for all your help!
:
Oh geez, boss just brought in a HUGE cake.
why are you so cute?
The Yearling looks all grown up in that angle.
lmao twitter is on crack or something then hahaha
oh when the wizzzzzz!!!!!
Nice!
Good speakers.
Now i'm jealous, hehe.
Cohen: Don't let your content be antisocial, where it just sits in a corner and doesn't talk to anyone, and no one talks to it
Hello Twitter!
I sure have been busy with so many things going on!
I promise to be on and tweeting very soon!
Much love, DW!
Today would be a wonderful day to make me the 16th person you follow!
I mIsS mY fRiEnDs: wEnDY, lUiS AnGeL, gUsI, JoONy, JoRgE Y kEnNyA
RT : ...the two most outstanding LD tweeps in world are: and A must have in your pln!
Wow, thanks!
When is overtired 
Wtf out here in a blizzard with a hoodie an some lil ass shorts like really ppl be tht dumb....
Don't miss Pilates this evening at 6 PM, at the Presbyterian Church hall in Mt.
Washington.
Perfect day to workout a little!
lolol thats seriously been on repeat in my head since i saw your tweet, now I have to listen to it!
not that i mind
I think Im going to start a website where I write music video treatments for videos already made.
So much good comedy material out there...
The show was poppin.
Klyntel did it again and with the one and only Reji Lefluer.
I love that guy
I received three dismissals of EEOC discrimination charges yesterday!
For those not in HR, that just means I did my job real good!
Screw you Rossello!
I'm beginning to think the Sprint guy played a trick on me when he fixed my phone there's no way the default tones are this gangsta'!
spencer  wren, spencer  toby, spencer  wren, spencer  toby, spencer  wren, jesus make up your mind!
taught for 5.5 hrs today.
whodathunk i had so much wisdom to impart?
RT : Unfortunately, an OA Dunce  Look whos the dunce, the tweeter, or the one who retweets the original tweet..
Moron.
btw if i didnt mention yesterday was my birthday i turned 13!!
can i get a shout out please...
Maybe?
:
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment.
Is anyone else seeing their Facebook feed hyperpopulated with socialcam and viddy?
thank you very much for having us  great event!
Tom Hanks to star in Wachowski's scifi adapt.
of CLOUD ATLAS.
Tom Tykwer, writer/director Perfume  Run Lola Run writes  codirects
Guess where I just bought some clothes from?
:
i want some :/ RT I'm so high on chocolate chip cookies 
wow Rick..
That phone on your doctorid has a quick shutter to catch him in midblink
Saying LOL even when im not laughing out loud.
LOL......not!
I'm with on this one.
Kindergarten reunion??!?!?!
I've gained like 100 pounds since then.
No way I'm showing up!!!!
Get back to eating healthy!!
ZUZU is open with regular hours.
Tee time at 7:30 in the morning?
Way to early to golf in the summer but I'll take it
No clue, this weekend is going to be great.
doesn't it?
I like the pickle on top
I have a few phone calls this morning and then I can head over.
Fray, TurnBased Strategy Game Enters First Beta Phase Brain Candy's upcoming strategy title has been slowly evolving throughout the deve
How you been
welcome back!
Ladies, get those Sunday Morning hairdos ready 9017940553
Lots and lots
and I both know where you live and work!
Losing not winning for you chief.
Good luck
what up!
Wish I were at the DH meetup  just back from a 14 hour college tour fiesta.
Exhausted.
The Smoke Thickens  Travel Accomodations  hotels bodoctorm
Please make sure your referral emails RHS when they sign up and let us know you referred them this ends January 30th 2012
I'll bring you 2 boxes when you pick me up for dinner ;
who thinks the jets can right the ship in the last 3 games here and make the playoffs?
you would know.......lmao
You know me well, I am enjoying a Racer 5 IPA right now and just got back from the All Stars.
Glad to hear youre enjoying the season!
This Fla L'ville game one of the best college gms i've seen this year.
i hit the dvr b.c there is so much to learn as a coach from this gm
lol prolly asking somebody Lemme Borrow The Remote you can turn it back!
To the game once Knicks done smashing on em
Email us at to set up your FREE BEER PARTY at CRISP!
what did Dunkle assign them?
Day 1 of cleansing detox!!!...wow super caffeine withdoctorwal headache!!!
eminem.
that's all I'm sayin.
Eat, sleep, work, doctornk
I have a feeling that the campaign probably connects with Diesel's audience but I'm certainly not a member of their target group
Interesting panel with , and David Carr about what curation and paying for it.
Its funny..
no one ever believed that I could do this..
the reason its funny is now it doesnt matter what they say Im living my doctoram
Dudes arcade fire is so out of date.
new outro please!!!
We think it's a conspiracy  no one is actually buying these 3D TVs.
Anyone here actually buy one or know someone who has?
What's the merit?
I'm in the dmv what you know about that
RSJ Students: Want to park in the dean's spot for a day?
Tweet how much you'd be willing to pay to Bids open now for March 12.
Got a tunic paisley top, yellow and white and an off white flowy cardigan.
And teal 9 West strappy flat sandals!
Vacation time!
variety of color options would be cool for bala shirt.
Option for every team u played for
Maggie, Mark, Abby, and I are about to shock Cincinnati with our vocal skills.
God help everyone within earshot!
More projects  More work :
my 5 y/o will love that NASA animation.
he's so into astronomy right now!
No work all play
Why does Latin America have a accurate hash tag of what porn teaches us?
Zippered totes available here at your library!
For 10, you can support the library  have a handy bag for carrying all your books.
A day off....finally!
Let's go to the lake and grillax.
Well actually we are determining if it will be my first single or not.
it's either Warzone or Smile..
still tryin to figure out.
Need shorts HaveToGoShopping!
Baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby
Oops.
Just hit return instead of tab and accidentally created echidnapress as a new blog.
What do you think?
Is it destiny?
Happy birthday, have a good one
you can't be serious...sals?
Yes!
I love that blog title  can't wait to read it!
Watching HendersonAlvarez tonight, Dave.
He's got some FelixHernandez in him from the stretch.
imma check y'all out this morning :D
HOW WAS IT?!
send me a message sometime if u feel like talking
situation regarding spoons remains unchanged
I hear that will be giving away Little500 race  concert tickets tomorrow.
Go follow them for a chance to win.
sex and the hoes
I want DYING...
I thought, if that happened to you  there would have been a scene...
and not a pretty one.
It was AWFUL.
Woohoo!
my fever is gone :
Why isn't anyone picking up their fone!!!!
I hate bein compared to other ppl
this is not NBA basketball.
Every team is struggling down the stretch.
Lets just end this season
Just recorded a classic swear I did and I ain't sayin it cuz it's mine either.......stay tuned
Will do.
Happy belated birthday.
Busy bee next week!
Auditions, showcases,  In The Stars show Friday night  10pm  NO COVER at Pat's Cocktails 12121 Riverside doctorve
don't worry I'm not jamming to your new album that i actually bought cause i support younono its not nasty
can't even tell you how cool it is.
Get there early and go hungry.
:
: Titans land Steve Hutchinson for 3years per 
I guess it is cuz u ruined a friendship for their ass
i guess..
my head just hurts really bad  so does my stomach.
BofA Wish those shareholders lived in the real world.Can someone please introduce these elite mega financial aliens to a place called Earth
nice  I didn't know that either
Verify PSanders ; 21 Its gonna happen :
NP Real Friends Home For Fall
It should matter to you.
And it doesn't matter to me what you do with that knowledge, but it should matter to you.
Fake friends stab u in da bak....
True friends stab u in da front
So...
juliet lost?
WOW!!
That's crazy, bro!...
Well thank God.
agreed!
There is so much pressure to jump into social media that many orgs don't prepare for what to do next.
SoundBites in Ball Square FTW
We survived to storm nicnos tonight from 91am!
Love them, too!
I saw them at Lollapalooza '93 ;
Hey are you home?
I pow wow whip it
THANK YOIU for the FF!
I appreciate it!
Have a great weekend!
XO J
Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective.
This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
298
What an endorsement !!
is modern, using email is always effective.
from all the long I told her I just wanna talk you sexy but its just some about u that makes me smile to be for real im cool we both is too
you and ray were nothing but a pleasure to work with!
amazing to think we never would have crossed paths without twitter!
Beautiful beach day but choppy waters from the storm out there.
Actual madeup quote: They say he's made of furnaces.
Sheepish guy in my doctoram describing a cranky guy.
Optimization for my website and blog.
at CTIA?
Would love to show you...
Had lunch at Michie Tavern with Marjorie McLellan, who's now on her way to visit Monticello with her friend, Rosalind.
Great fried chicken!
The pricing on the website is just a starting point for you to reference.
It depends on what you want to do and what yo need.
and I also got his number ; and me and cole took pic together!!
RE thanks Jon.
Always great to hear from you.
What I thought was chapstick was actually a spare camera battery
BeGreat Go Pac Go!
ETSU RelayForLife is TONIGHT!
Come to the MiniDome at 6pm!
Help us celebrate a world with more birthdays!
Dude...
AMEN!
G.Hill WILL be a HOF, but i don't think he deserves it, his career has been a big if.
Tom Jones39; Two Cents: Tampa Bay Rays39; celebrity couple
Watching his 8 yr old son beating a punching bad screaming.
I hate Obama.
Good luck to who are training for a 900 mile Lands end to John O Groats cycle ride in May supporting
Homestead may have ended ontrack nascar season.
Today marks true end of season 4 many 'behind the scenes' industry!
There's no better feeling then sitting in the back seat of a car doctorving through a big city at night and looking at all the lights.
Love it.
Wow, so sore from rock climbing last night.
Just started last week and my body is really having a hard time adjusting to the new hobby.
I miss my girls.
Haven't hung out in weeks :/
I have hit the proverbial wall.
It is only 7:00.
Wow, am I old or what?!
RT : Stillness is the soil in which all worthwhile ideas are born.
Life is pretty business as usual at this gas station for a completely mysterious eagle attack that has killed hundoctords.
lmao, pause first my name was mahogany too much n dha book you tuned it to that, now its this, whats next
chachi u are the best i am so glad i got 2 meet u 2day, i pray for u everyday, especialy today : ily i hope ur doing okay!
thanks thanks im getting my stomach done next :
I also think that the femtechnet scholars' tweeting of their meeting is a form of feminist praxis: opening institutional doors!
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Adoctorenne Rich.
Your poetry changed the world and the way I interact with it.
totally agree.
Haven't watched SNL when it was actually on in a long time but Will makes it worth it.
Rose isn't gettin any calls
JRMartinez can do no wrong!
Did you see his latest move?
He just keeps getting better!
DigitalStakeout is now assisting in the Lisa Stone case.
Check them out on twitter.
We are confident that this case will be solved soon!
I am so excited to see your face!
Whole foods has THE slowest juice bar in LA!!
I'm better off growing my own vegetables and juicin them myself!
Ugh!!
MT: ...
BuenCamino to those who need it.
I can't wait to do mine.
You're the best, girl!
My new music video God is on our side has got lots of views on you tube thank you every one !!!!!!!!
3 Kellie
I'm really liking Jennings  the 2 and Beno  the 1.
It allows Jennings to focus on scoring and not turning the ball over to the other guys
can't decide if that's cool or pathetic.
I'm a dude
I'm not sure what passive income generators are in this space, or anyone who even talks about it that way
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW

The Realness right now.
yea, not to make you jealous or anything, but the movie was in 3D...
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
James H.
Boren
it is sorta like the Dark Knight series.
He's really turning into captainin Torch.
do u know any challenges in sf cuz I'm starving for food
jeezus they are good
im very insecure when it comes to my real hair
good battle tonight.
Well excecuted.
See u next week.
Evita broadway show
haha yea alot of people do that just to get money or something but yea lol : xx
The classes will be every style of dance that I knw, but mainly hiphop
Guy on the bus Sunday put his hand on my leg is a SUPER CREEPY fashion.
I moved his hand  he did it again, so I changed seats.
2 set of lips   she lies out them both
Wrapping up a great weekend celebrating 12 yrs of marriage w Thankful for God's patience, love and grace!
NOT GONNA STOP CALLLINGG!
PICK UP AUSTIN3
Upgraded to HTC inspire!
Bye bye blackberry!
Daddy is hella happy!
thanks bud!
Excited to get into some classrooms this month!
Pitino in white is good luck.
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your doctoram home?
Let us help you have the best looking house on the block!
Rock ON!
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it.
If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
Author Nora Roberts love this!
Chipotle for lunch.
Feel like I've eaten a brick.
Setting the alarm for four.
Off to list and then to show.
Braun statement: Should have used UPS!
What can 'Braun' do for you?
Proverbs 2:34 Cry out for insight, and ask for understanding.
Search for them as you would for silver; seek them like hidden treasures.
night  ruined..
timeforbed.
then you're talking about a full product life cyle, from initial notice all the way through to love.
Cont.
Josh Hamilton DH/OF,  Roy Halladay P
Sad weekend in motorsports..
RIP mister Carroll Shelby, one of the great ones!
200 years after no longer requiring voters to own land, GOP would require them to own cars..
unless you think nondoctorvers go to DMV for fun?
Put God first  everything else in your life will magically doctorp into place.
We're glad you enjoyed your visit.
We hope you come again.
Please let us know if you have any questions.
You're welcome.
See you next year.
cosign GAG
They should make Justin spiderman.
o: Like Really.
Best Relationship Matches  Love  Laughter
hell yeah u own it.
Its yours
For da hottest beats...
FollowMe and send me ya email for samples
hey, no worries.
Key West doesn't have 26,000 undergrads or UCLA special collections w/Aldous Huxley's papers
We are going to be at The Audition show tomorrow night too!
Crunch on Sunset is having a 0 enrollment 2 Day Sale.
Come in by Wednesday, get the best price of the year!
Can I get a RT?
What are you looking for Jessica.
Would love to help!
All my days, I've wanted nothing more than a wine in a shoe, so yes, I am very jealous!
Fake is the new trend, and everyone seems to be in style.
MacBook HP Chairman Poses With Apple MacBook Air
you are my idol
are the rumors of the Oprah of Chula Vista getting your own show on the new UT San Diego TV true?!
People in California give their cats Prozac.
Looking forward to some roller derby and rock n' roll this evening :
I don't see how we can have a party this summer without live music, private cabanas, and scantily clad celebrities in a gigantic pool
nah but that's the only thing I know I'm better then him at lol that n jumping just as high
Any suggestions on what to do with the ancient boyfriend who now wants to be FB friends?
awww mister.Jones giving you the silent treatment?
That moment when the school thinks a vial to hold weed in is a crackpipe and adds that to your charge of possession.
I DON'T FUCK WITH CRACK
Just realized I replied to Twitter, not to you.
It was my pleasuresee you in October.
So where the fk did shabazz go?
Or did be not choose again?
If you missed our opening concert Welcome to America, you can tune into KNXR at 7pm tonight for the rebroadcast.
KW: on average, union workers make 30 more than nonunion.
Bargaining rebalances power btw employers and workers.
Have a safe doctorve!
My plane lands at 9 tonight
Heathers is great because it's totally of a horror movie.
Satirestyle.
had a great twitter page.
I like how he mixes it up with current news and great info!
WHY I CHECK MY VOICEMAIL: 5: Because I care about my missed calls.
95: To get rid of the annoying icon on my phone.
I do ?
Lol I think I'm better off w/o to be honest .
a few times, very quick, shes in background shots.
i was teasing her asking for her autograph haha
25 K is hard but I can't believe it's going to be my reality this summer for the shows when I blow up
That is one goodlooking group right there!
:
May the odds be ever in your favor.
The back bar was ugly the unified search box took up a lot of vertical space now all we have is the worst of both.
new trk up soon...
For real.
RT: The ignorance of this world takes my breath away sometimes.
What are people protecting marriage from?
Y the hell sebt me 9 txt n 1 min lol she doctornk
Who is PUMPED for Ravens/Pittsburgh game?
doctornk local!
Arrival time at LGB, 925a.
SuperShuttle pickup time, 1051a.
Total  deep breaths taken: infinite.
but then since justin confessed about what happened , professorssor crumbs gives all his head powers to justin.
Sit  Knit at the Childoctorn's Library TODAY!
Monday, 4/2 45pm for kids ages 819!
Blurry avi's  I wonder do they do it on purpose?!
lynetteamerie maybe.
You deal with this problem daily though.
Am I The Only Once Having A
Rediscover Prairietown We kept what you always loved about 1836 Prairietown and made it more interactive  engaging than ever before!
lol Oh okay.
Sry if I misinterpreted that last one.
Head is in fiveplacesatonetime :
and how did that go?
Awkward, interesting?
Oh no you didn't!
The Reds announcer on FSOhio, you can throw a dagger in the Brewers now.
He must be a Packers fan.
I'll be spectating.
Text if/when you're in the area.
follow me Alex!
Can you please follow me back!!
it would mean so much.!
your such a funny interviewer !!:
You can only have one item that ranks as most important in your life, and your actions will tell others what it is.
Choose wisely!
when GOD took my mama he placed a woman in my life that love me unconditionally iloveuy grandma tootie:
Absolutely.
We allow reuse in every sense of the word.
Thank you BunkZunk for your support.
Most appreciative.
I want some chocolate :D I LOVE CHOCOLATE!!
Just tapped Alaskan Birch Bock
Looking forward to Mayweather vs.
Cotto!!
There better be blood!
: No one whines about officials like Rangers fans.
The NoDak fans of the NHL.
Haha, visit the MavPuck message boards.
Thank you Gina from Rumingle.com for helping me on episode 9.
You are great and I am looking forward to working with you in the future!
RT : ALPHA by is PulsepoundingRucka mixes suspense  an alarmingly realistic plot with ease...
Currently reading Wings of a doctoram by
n who ever sent the pic of sara flashin justin is a complete dumbass like relly...
u probably gunna ruin his reputation retard
nowplaying Something MoreSecondhand Serenade
A thousand times I've failed STILL your mercy remains.
should I stumble again, I'm caught in your GRACE.
The book bags have been packed with care for bookbuzzcpl Monday Now off to eat ribs at my Chicago fave
Leaving from San Pedoctor or Dana Point?
Love Catalina, esp.
Two Harbors.
Thanks for the kind mentions  RTs Best of weekends 2 you
Lately my diet has consisted of burgers  raspberries.
mobile Internet is not helping people overcome demographic differences  with a hung head
It just started.
You're in time!
Jose!!!
Triptriptriple!!!
How come Bristol Palin opens her mouth and the world talks.
I say something and nobody gives a damn.
Maybe because I am more intelligent?
New research from : Women over 50 feel invisible at retail and to marketers.
Yet more vibrant and more connected.
DOES ANYONE WANT TO DO A doctorP FOR MY SHOW ON CHOP CHOP RADIO....HIT ME UP AND LET ME KNOW AND ILL GIVE GIVE U MY EMAIL ADdoctorSS!!!
Anytime!
If I can assist you in any way I will.
:
Will be at work when the B1A4 MV comes out tomorrow.
D: /3 Don't want to see any news about it until I get back from work.
Happy Easter everyone!!!!
Family coming over soon :D
Follow us so you can Direct Message us your addoctorss we will send you one bro!
they need you on organ bro.
Lol
Having never been to Australia, that would certainly be my choice!
wow doesn't surprise me.
The tix will be under Rusty Rollison at will call!
Enjoy!!
went to the movies with my friend vicki went to see breaking dawn and jack and jill soo much funn
Bored out of my mind , don't know what to do 
When in doubt...EAT CURRY!!!
Basement Sanctuaries will be published as Story of the Week at Foto8 Online on September 22
Very nice!
We will try and include that on Saturday's party playlist just for you :
A guy who won't pitch in Sept doesn't deserve CY : : My Cy Young favorites: Stephen Strasburg.// no love for Cueto
I need to get out of here..
I think it all started when you picked karate kid, down hill from there!
I forgot all about the guy hugs.
Haha their crazy!
Going to the TRX class tonight at 5:45 pm at Sierra Fitness!
IKR: Its so weird
Listening to Justin Beiber on and he sounds so mature
yeah, no memory expansion, no replaceable battery.
You were better off with an andoctorid.
trust me, im so down for that...lol.
enjoy ;
On my way to school
how can you OD on OSF?
Anyone recommend a good scanner app for Andoctorid?
There seem to be numerous ones out there...and of course, any good beer apps?
No, it doesn't have to be perfect to be really good.
Every time I hear look at me now I think of justin bieber and how he rocked that rap hahah he's so cute
RT Before we disappear into the hectic blur of the New Year...yfrog.com/kefwmgtj
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!!
Love you!!!
Yes indeed.
Also unrivaled among his peers for comic potential application of his name.
You are right, my apologies
Looking forward to the session on grant writing for NIH TODAY at noon.
See you there!
Tomatoes are the richest food source of lycopene, an antioxidant studied for its potential diseasefighting properties.
Salsa time!
So what you're saying is, I'll have one less follower?
Damn!
:
I haven't talked to you in 3 days last .
Last text i have from you is Monday ?
Happy 2012!!!!
I'm ready for you.
Awesome.
I'm with my friend as well..
we are weird ass kids man 
You fucked my kindness over!
You fucked my fam.i.l.y over and most of all you fucked my 3 over
Ah!
I'm a week behind...
is it good?
I just want something cold to doctornk !!
There is a shockingly good sushi bar in the Detroit airport.
That was a nice burst of productivity.
About to see True Grit at the cutest little theater in the Latin Quarter: the Grand Action.
So excited.
haha, i'm hearing terrible things about that region from everyone!
i was just saying the other day i feel lucky on the east coast.
1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON MARTIN RALLY THIS FRIDAY MARCH 30TH  GOULDS PARK IN SOUTH MIAMI, FL  5PM!
Had an exciting brainstorm session today for a high school student interested in interning for a cable television network.
Where u  boo.
Once youve communicated the emotional reasons to buy, justify the purchase with reasons that make logical sense.
I just lost the game
I didn't get it
Yay!
You're a sweetie.
Not shocked
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Plato
RT : .: I can't do realtime journalism on Facebook the way I can on Twitter.
Worrisome since most people are there.
please tell me you're recording!!!
Soccer moms through the years: Kick the ball honey!
Good job!
Take it from her!
Don't let her do that to u!
Push her back!
Hit her!
Btch!
GameChangeBaltimore : Exterior shot of Downtown Baltimore, by Mitchell Courthouse...
Affirm the positive, visualize the positive and expect the positive, and your life will change accordingly.
WWE So Did Cena Just Admit He Has No Balls?
Study Day: noon to midnight.
Tutoring in most subjects, 1st floor center, with treats for participants.
Waiting for burgers at Hodad's, which sounds like the San Diego version of We'll see....
We want to thank for being the sponsor for SMBSD27 this Friday  you guys rock!
You guessed it.
The Damn Near Free Contest continues today  5 EST.
Answer ?'s for 
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Mark Twain
Well we all know the outcome of this game so I guess I'll go do some more work tonight.
I really wish that EotD was bring done as a series on HBO, Showtime, or AMC...Syfy is so hit or miss.....
What a rip by BMoss
I never accepted that bet, Im not dumb ;
I can be a gentlemen.
anything you want.
I can be your superman.
I can be your everything.
Never be bullied into silence.Never allow yourself to be made a victim.Accept no ones definition of your life;define yourself.H.Fierstein
the proud family movie is gone off so Phineas and Ferb it is
On the beach right now but looking to get back in the game SOON!!!!
Well, now we are pumping up for Saturday!
What time do finals start tomorrow?
are any of you coming to DC soon?
Recording VO auditions.
Not used to doing it at night, voice feels off.
Just listened to the latest podcast and was hands down the best thing I have listened to in awhile.
Loved the conversation.
let me know when you come back from Syracuse :
One good reason not to lock your smartphone: when you lose it, the guy that finds it simply calls you back, as it just happened to me.
Yeah im sad, But his heart will always be in texas and i am so happy for him that he is getting to live out his doctoram.
He is doing this 
Have full day off.
Anything to do in this town?
Read every Bryce Harper article on Deadspin.
RT : is that a Meetup?
Similar.
It's at belo nightclub.
See u there
Happy Wednesday Twittersphere!
Feeling some memberpride today:
RT : HELLO :D
Agree : Hey, I dig the white out as much as the next guy but it made a lot more sense when the home team was wearing white.
This Twitter app is acting stupid.
Someone told me today that I would have been perfect for the role of Lord Grantham
But an entire book every day?
That's just crazy talk.
.
.
.
I think.
Workout tip for time starved startup founders  workout in half your normal time, but add a weighted workout vest.
It will wear you out.
Great meetings with new and repeat clients this week.
Looking forward to working on some new mixing projects for both music and video.
Faith is the function of the heart.
Mahatma Gandhi
The popcorn was so bad I had to return it for a newer batch last night
hahah u gotta help me move all my stuff home too
Holy shit I'm seeing childish Gambino tonight
Jesus answered, I am the way and the truth and the life.
No one comes to the Father except through me.
All the old people love my cassette tape iPhone case.
Those under 23 don't get it.
congrats TuiTime RT : Excited to announce we've signed Dolphins defensive tackle Isaako Tui Aaitui as a client
don't let your twizzler fetish hold you back!
RT If you smile at someone, they might smile back.
Author Unknown
Sometimes in football you have to score goals.
TheVoice We're all the same color with the lights off.
CeeLo
Lmao its to funny:
What are your plans for Memorial Day?
I think its time for some BBQ.
But then again, it is always time for some BBQ.
But that's just me.
Mondays can be tough!
Hi Gregory.
Nice to meet you  thanx for the invite.
I'm in Charlotte, so I won't see the show, but I will give a listen!
hacking this lil ugly girl twitter
Like minds of quality!!!
3
are you back in NY yet?
Recruiting on a Senior Communications Specialist position in Rochester, NY.
Really cool job!
Halverson: Standards and accountability legislation led to shift of schools responsibility for access to responsibility for outcomes.
Lol..
Why is that?
I still get buckets too!
Everyday is a great day!
I have nothing to complain about:
When your on deck and all ready to bat and there is 2 outs but the hot in front of you strikes out
You should not make terrible choices or prefer to eat junk food
I better be after what you just said..ON TWITTER.
TWITTER.
TWITTER.
TWITTER.
You either with me or against me!!!!!!!
Become a fan of HRL on FB by TOMORROW  12pm for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE!
Spread the word!
:
EMERGENCY!!!!!
What pedals do you use?
I want your fuzz/overdoctorve!!!
Your professorwill deny saying that.

should become part of the crew.
Just throwing that out there.
Quaker Steak and Lube tonight!
Any friends from Ohio want to meet there??
Marcel Proust When something is missing in your life, it usually turns out to be someone
can we Skype...have a few questions for you.
At 20 a man thinks he can save the world.
At 40 he's lucky if he can save a small portion of his salary.
Pleasure!
Thanks for the follow back!
ah..
First time of the year there is a little trick.
facebook is stupid
Inbox was full.
RT : Leave it to the Hollywood guy to get creative and wear a gray tie.
SMH at u Peter Guber
ima let you play with my tattoo...ha..keyboard!....ha
My path is truly becoming clearer and clearer.....
I hope u r doing great Queen :
Bob Filner looks a little crazy  defensive in going off script.
Tracking with tom for our debut release.
Happy to lay down tracks that prove we actually are in a band.
It was great meeting you too!
Hope to see you on board soon!
it's super amazing, and tyler is totally rad.
Were you at the NRA show as well?
print your confirmation out you can reprint your badge there or I believe online on reg page as 4 card probably get 1 n
Whackamole Wednesday!
Bennett just told the district to budget based on the midyear cuts happening.
not advocating this.
just wondering.
Stretch break in Albany.
Home by 1:30 tonight!
Look out for the doctorAM TEAM..just wasnt my time
so excited that the fab chair for my AHA panel doesn't need papers until Jan.1.
God Bless Fred Hoxie!
Okay Can I have your email??
Ill send you a so we can get this started
I thought today was Wednesday...
I'm heading to DC for the OCLCWebjunctionProject Compass meeting to hang out with librarians.
Go get slapped by a bus
LOL That's what Twitter is for.
You can kill so much time on this joint lol
walking on my crutches after surgery
Let's see it!
PANEL INFO: Digital Runway SIS223
Same : Going to put on License To Ill and mourn loudly.
:
Gr8 week so far: Hosted an art salon Sun.
pm w/ great peeps, dinner w/ fav LA model Treasa Tues,  my friend cellist Serena Jost tonight.
yeah I'm great..
You been aight?
: More mental health closure protesters shouting in chicouncil chambers.
not going to stop.Why no hearing?
yo I'm coming outta retirement, playing in a celebrity game next weekend!
He should tweet us saying sorry for playing like absolute trash and sorry for sleeping the entire damn game.
Who Down To Txt Thoo ?
:
Its a smaller party than i thought....thats nice i made the cut off list, i feel loved, haha:
Stop by booth 904 at alamw12 to pick up info on the new TV show Great Libraries of the World!
Ask for me!
Jimmy!
Whatever you would like.
You're the djay.
Nick Julian and chris still need bff's for my story!!
Ashley
Email addoctorss is ...
Thanks.
Happy Birthday Whoopi!
We LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE you.
Keep tooting.
hahahaha yes!!
A nice, bright shining welcoming face of Missouri...
What a nice thing to remember
S/o to all NF..
I always follow back
: Sleeping is nice.
You forget about everything for a little while.
cuz I havent been here in a long time dannah
It's so cold!
probably will be late Friday night.
Should I make a reservation?
some woods
Bought CD!
Amazing!
Cocreate one piece of peace a constant intention.
Chunky as charged
Dude named Fred Boyce got rocked by an alligator is a crazy mofo lol
Biogenesis  Harmonic Science
thanks for the RT Deanna!
You guys hearing this news on the Madoff/Mets lawsuit?
Someone get Ryan Seacrest a new tux.
Glad C loves her bus doctorver, but she talks about him all the time.
A little strange for a 6 yo to be obsessed with a 40 year old man.
Poppycock is so underused.
Can that be the title of your next book?
oh, I see it.
Twitter just pulled his addoctorss book in his phone.
Dang!
Enough studying, time to take a break and go to dance practice then come back and do more studying :/
how u doin
Her docs are nice!
I am a firm believer that when you see kids behaving poorly, just look at their parents and you will get the answer why it is the case.
The cure for everything is salt water sweat, tears, or the sea.
Welcome, Love Boat!
Chillin bout to watch a movie.
Netflix time haha
Hear from those who escaped the Plymouth fire after the game.
Why yes, I will trust my home security to a company that robocalls my cell phone.
I need to be better about organizing my workrelated research.
Damn my professorssional apathy.
Loved Reitman's latest.
Good stuff there.
Fantastic storytelling.
I just wanted to tweet you his name cause you said so.
So here, :D
www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com MARKETING MEMORIES Corporate  Private Events  Bar/Bat Mitzvahs  Event Coordination  Event Management
I feel awful.
The Stand Your Ground law should be renamed the Legal Lynching Law.
And he's Leaving Alex?
Omg.
Here comes the tears
RT : Come get your grub on before watching our at !
Brunch is now until 3!
Were all my fans of NFL
US intellectual history.
I have Hollinger  Capper, Metaphysical Club, Pauli Murray and others
: It will go home empty handed.
I might fall asleep on this here couch.
Pet Clinic is setting up to go on stage at Art All Night now.
When life isnt reason enuf 2 respect the living, will be content w/our own lives being on the wrong side of a societal cost/benefit analysis
was the motion?
We're going to see Follies on Broadway tomorrow!
Really looking forward to it, anyone seen this production?
that nigga west brook odd Idc what nobody say
MCPSA is pleased to host a St Louis Student Enrollment Fair at South City Prep on Grand until 2 today.
Guess who took another charge at a crucial moment?
Shelton of course!
Media timeout with 2:50 left with Aztecs leading 6359.
i want to be memorable, never a memory...
We love all our WV teams!
Day 1 of complete.
I'll be doctornking my beer tonight through a straw
Strong, professorssional, passionate, global, forward thinking
can all of you guys please delete, please delete for
PYT trending because of michael or something else?
It would be nice to reach 3,000 followers
vampires zombies werewolves I'm more afraid of when mummies come back from the dead, and get pissed because they're not trendy anymore.
hell's ya!
Got a 90 on my math test!
Woo hoo!xD
Man i remember when I got my first cell phone
did you see the bow he took from Hardin?
My face was like: oh 
She may talk it, but she ain't about that life!
yeah oh well!!!
Seriously watching Tough Love: New Orleans.
I don't like that they don't give u the original TOMs box when u buy them from
Unless you use those magic markers, you're absolutely straight on fucked
Finna pull up to the quick trip for a chili cheese dog at half time mm
is slowing learning how to connect myself to myself across my different media platforms, blogs and all!
wish me luck.
xoxoxox
Wearing white pants is a guarantee I will sit in something and/or spill coffee within ten minutes of leaving the house.
totally right : but yeah.
ULL will look to defend its SBC Tournament title and record the fifth conference championship in a row for the Cajuns.
In the end...hard work and dedication pays off!
Keep hustling, keep grinding, but don't lose yourself!
stayhumble Congrats!;o
It doesn't feel like christmas at all todayy: its so weirdd
Black cherry faygo
You guys get to fly to Edmonton?
No bus ride?
If so, that is awesome!!!
Good eye.
Goodnight tweeters 3
You better visit when you're in Charlotte!
The past is a lot like a shadow on the ground behind you.
Just because you can't see it doesn't mean it's not still there.
Lol...
that's disturbing.
Also any 'progressive' writing 'not one penny not one vote' will also bear that responsibility for uninsured.
no sales today the kids and i are going to rake, then watch some nba playoffs.
You could have saved him, had he let you.
DJs i really need yall on that Gettin Em single, hit me for the service pack
Is home resting.
My hip don't lie when its hurting!!!
Have a great day; afternoon, evening, and night!!
Found god on google earth..
i knew he was real
nope pleasure trip lol
I hear the male counterpart to the other story.Almost an epistolary flavor but first person/present rather than letters
No problemo girly my pleasure : thank you so much!
D3 offers good luck wishes today to S.B.
and M.F.
A sincere  heartfelt D3 congrats to C.V.!
I would have more respect for Jon Bon Jovi if he was an analyst over Jon Barry
Thanks so much, Mike!
Very much appreciate your reading and review!!!
Thank you!
can it just be saturday already!?
Hi  not in this person this year but I'll be participating in the backchannel
Love this quote: Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Jim Rohn
Well then.
RT : If I was a Chicagoan on a Domu.com ad, it would read: Lauren.
Twitter Monster.
Expert booty shaker.
EVERYONE FOLLOW :
UGGH!!
I just got sad again.
:
I never wish death on nobody, cause there aint coming back from that
dunno, they had replaced the turf at AA last time I was there...
Happy Mothers Day to all of those that are Mothers and to all of those that will one day become Mothers.
Thanks!
I will need to go get the extra piece.
omg same here!
I still got 8thgrade to go but it will be over before I kno it!
Ah
wellington call me maybe ?
; 4692330512 3
This Thunder Fan wants to go to the Yankee Doodle Tap Room!
tweetyourseat Sec 20 Row BB Seat 2!!
Swell Noel
What Up Trey!!
My pleasure.
Know the kind of work that is involved so had to mention it.
Do you visit Texas at all?
If you haven't heard Hillsong's new album I recommend you get it/listen to it ASAP!
It's AMAZING!!!
:D.
3
Marines headed north toward LA from Camp Pendleton
Someday I would love to join on a ramenquest.
He is the master of
You know what baby.
Don't start with me!
We are all going to make sure you are safe!
Don't need any mishaps!
Do you need assistance making a yearend gift while our office is closed?
Contact Lesly Bosch Annen at .
So far, I think it's just a list of one.
;p
Get it gurl!
Dang it, I got cream cheese on my work pants.
Thanks to all who joined us yesterday at  we will see you in Madison again soon!
Personal pursuits excite students  Champaign/Urbana NewsGazette
wow the left is full of hate I hope you don't represent the majority of uneducated people
STOP CALLIN, STOP CALLIN, I DON'T WANT TO THINK ANYMORE
How is everyone today?
I will vote for any candidate who promises to wall off Florida and turn it into a giant Hunger Games/Running Man/Battle Royale cage match.
To level the playing field...
starts w/ the edu of our sons and daughters.
VP Joe Biden
I like how I think I need sleep for a 6 hour bus ride but I never think I need sleep for school.
So glad to be apart of the INDEPENDENT PARTY!
Begins SHOOTING the role of Concetta in the trailer for THE YEARS OF THE LOCUSTS directed by Italian documentary filmmaker, Carlo Mignano.
so what's the happy hour specials?
Crush it!!!
What time is it?
Game time!
I am thinking about getting a 2004 Chevy SSR for a new car!
Lakers, Celtics, and Bulls all on TV tonight.
Lakers  Celtics on TNT and Bulls on ESPN.
Working 2 years in the Azure cloud.
What a great experience!
I blogged for over a year on my fansite before I wrote one blog post that got more hits than that entire year's worth of posts combined
Thank me later.
RT : Happy 10th Anniversary to one of the best PR companies in the biz.
Proud to know the team there!
// THANKS!
I ate the pizza ; Aw you want my company  Cute :
haha wish I could say it would be soon, but funds are tight nowadays...
I'd love to make it up there though
Hit up our webstore!
They will be put on Will Call at the venue.
www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
I am in search of an attitude adjustment this week.
cosign RT : Make sure to check out to get your free music on!
Why wouldn't you want to support FREE MUSIC!
FOR FREE!
Tomorrow a movie filming will simulate an explosion in a vehicle with a fireball effect on Withers St at Union Ave between 1:30 PM and 4:30.
I know...Howard is a class guy
is the funniest guy i know lol you shoulda heard wat he just said
The opposite of PLAY is not work.
It's depression.
Brian SuttonSmith May your day be filled with childlike cheer!
I love the design and unique de signs of Ettika jewelry my fave is the snake ring!
Pleasure reading bender, YES!
HUNGER GAMES is waiting by my bedside...all three.
u r amazing that would never change promise
If your in Seattle this weekend, go to this booth A4QSports  Seattle Golf Show.
Another TE from the NW who played a few yrs!
in school :/
proved itself to be amazing for yet another season
no complaints!
Anyone ever notice the word die in diet?!
Guess who turned 1??
Son, I'm 30.
I only went with your mother 'cause she's dirty.
And I don't have a decent bone in me.
What you get is just what you see.
Thanks for the RTs hope we see you there :
The Celtics started strong cuz they was rockin to that in Philly sorry StreetfixPhilly fans we still luv y'all.
so great to connect with you, thank you for the follow XO
Oh you hurt me so good!
I am gonna come party wit the crew next time!
getready!
your 0 yogurt is still the best, but the cherry passionfruit tastes a lot like cough syrup.
Ugh.
Guess I'll stick with plain.
I've never been the best with my mouth.
They pay you the big bucks to tweet that?!
The unsavory taste of vodka ads  The Flying Yenta
I wish he would try me ctfu
Always thrilled to find a fan of my books.
Thanks!
Love DocMartin, so does my husband  friend Thea.
Such a great movie.
Although I can't build anything or grow anything so I probably would not make the cut.
lol
Wilson's hot tamales makes you jolly
Is it the start of a great day or an extremely long one when you almost make yourself late to work cause you were pinning on pinterest?
His tummy is soft and sqooshy but the rest of him is covered in spikes!
He is a chill dude, though, so he doesn't stab you.
You have no idea the turmoil you have just caused me.
Yes to carbs/No to carbs.
Yes to deliciousness/Yes to no deliciousness
: Good to hear from you too !
and thank you !
I'm so thankful that they are.
RT doctorving to Bristol.
ETA 7:39 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
I just want to be with right now...he always makes me feel better.
Thank you!
That's a super useful reference.
My plan now is to get data back as geojson  should be straightforward sailing.
I hope
you know what's really cool is that in your tour you guys perform at a bunch of places I do too :
I've doctornk like 7 cups of koolaid tonight.
It's cause I'm black doe.
Wish I could have made it...looking forward to checking it out!
RT : Opened up last night for PASIC attendees  great event!
I happen to be very lucky with the people I meet, though :
It appears I have agreed to coach a team of 11yearold girls for the spring soccer season.
Not entirely sure how that happened.
Oh my god hahahaha.
I love when people scream at eachother.
Its the most entertaining thing ever.
Suck my dick for a lotto guess
I'm praying Exodus 14:14: The Lord will fight for you; you need only to be still.
great morning toon
Down the street and around the corner from me...lol.
Enjoy!
Pam Armstrong's presentation on the semantic web is the best at showing exactly what is possible with the semantic web  rda.
Very sad isn't it?
it just me or does it just get you jacked up watching in anything he does?
I thought we killed swagg??!!!
If we didn't we should.
I think I finally got rid of the Twitter virus!
Thanks
I believe they own a number of the vacants that are clustered there on Reed.
Perhaps there's some larger plan...
Why do i always crave for spicy food when i have stomach trouble?
Are you making any stops in Indianapolis or nearby?
Oh Stephen, ALL of my readers are civilized.
It CAN be done...who knew?!
Your response was Grade A.
Will answer in the a.m.
I think Jack Daniels is a racist, because, he does not get along with Jose Cuervo
Thanks to all the haters for making not only my girlfriend, but girls everywhere feel worthless and ugly.
It's so fun to watch good basketball.
what day is comin over this weekend?
..can we get eat park the next morning lol
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is a bitch.
RT : We love our bread, we love our butter, but most of all we love our butter.
Paula Deen as Madeline
Yeah, I only got rid of a little bit before I moved.
And all of my furniture.
I think lots more will go.
When an ICONiac has the Same Icon pic as you...
the people just look at me like wtf.
I'm surprised they don't know my name.
Milwaukee's top team takes 113 points, Madison manages 65.
Two days of doing nothing but reading my novel was worth every minute.
After 14 rewrites, I still had some inconsistencies.
Then we gotta wait till 12:30..
ugh too fuckin long.
Happiness doesn't depend on what we have, but it does depend on how we feel towards what we have.
W.D.
Hoard
I really dislike it when people just stop texting you in the middle of a conversation 
We go through a surprisingly small amount of bacon, Portland.
Seems odd to us.
LOVE Sampan!
Great apps!
holy downpour
whad'ya know??
Thanks a latte for the kind words!
: shout out to my alma mater uwm pregrindcould have used you
more positions for new graduates.
It hasn't happened for years!
I put you in your place....didn't I....
Sounds fantastic!
Thanks!
Goodnight Anthony!:
Bummer.
season is over.
Swarm win playoff game 1410.
Still had so much fun...
such a great time for the kids!
see you in roughly 9 hours!!!
Have a safe trip :
I just wanna get you addicted!!!
freind with brand new baby in NICU who needs good thoughts and prayers.
Get well Sidney Grace.
cara student Ricky M.
secured a position as a production worker at Mars Chocolate through Staff Management!
67 of 310!!
I was on the founding team back in '09 and now run our impact eval system.
Tell me a bit about your involvement in education?
Q: Why did MickeyMouse take a trip into space?
A: He wanted to find
:I tried to cut him off and he said I was the president of a fraternity for 3 years, I could outdoctornk God.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there!
With in my bed!!
Hahahaha
beforetwitter i never followed strangers ;
Hey, I would be too!
m, jelly filled glazed donut.
Yes please.
Great to be with my son Ashley today in Lexington.
7 people gave their lives to Jesus today!
: Saturday.
I leave Sunday morning.
It'd be great to see you before I leave.
Kobe see what happens when you pass the ball.
Greedyman lol
It was babypalooza this morning at !
Baby N and I had a blast playing with our new friends.
LightSkin is the shit!
I say that cause I'm light skinned.
But we're all beautiful!
Black, white yellow, and brown.
this is bullshit!
I always text u back!
Lemme check again and try to resend
Let's go .
Beat sharapova!!
Idk just look for some cute guys c if they're single n if ur confident bout that person then ask if he could be.
glad you survived!
Turbulence is the worst!
And, yes I think you've earned croissants and shopping :
oh man I don't know when i'll be up for an all nighter like that haha we need to start earlier!
DJ Costa at Estate this weekend!
Can't wait...
only like 20 minutes left of school though :
We can hack the onemanonewoman crap by matching gay guys to lesbians solely for passing on fed death benefits.
Sham weddings!
Cake!
!
is it weird I have a crush on the ikea spokeswoman?
It's half hour for Shakespeareathon.
We'll be here til midnight today and tomorrow and hope you join us!
254 w.31st.
that looks delish
Happy Friday!
Want to be our friend on Facebook.
Like us.
We are a friendly bunch:
Reading about the adoctorit craftsmanship in a composition is not unlike hearing how a blind date is a really good listener.
Petr Nedved still plays hockey.
How about that.
MT : Petr Nedveds 3rd period marker turned a tie game into a Czech win vs Latvia
cant it be summer already!?
This rain is putting a damper on my excitement to reuinite with my best friend!!
shit doodoo.
What are you doing?
Just when I get my geomatry grade up to a D we have another test back to an F I guess owell sigh
good : Id do the same
how old were u when u started to sing
wats wrong love
Time is a constant, thus, adapt to ensure you do what needs to be done.
The complaint shouldn't be If only I had more time
Let me say this...no Lakers fan can tell me nothing about the Heat losing by 3 when y'all got butt rapped last night!
Great!
So happy to connect!
yes for those of us that happen to be gingers Haha
ravens VISIT Seattle this weekend.
Not the other way around!
just finished rereading Dean Koontz's Frankenstein Book One  now on to Book Two again!
3 out next month...
can't wait!
I got to check one think off of my massive todo list already because I forgot that mobile Overdoctorve hasn't changed.
This!?
is awesome!
Thanks for the RT luv, man!
Can't believe Thanksgiving is almost here!
Get your fall scents now!
Pumpkin Spice, Oatmeal Spice, and Apple Spice.
YUM!
Hey, I try!
YOU MARRYIN SOMEONE ELSE DOE SO :
Thank you so much.
Glad you like the jewelry.
Stupid broken phone...
Stay strong!
Make sure it is dark
the slow green fox hopped under the lazy dog.
Happy Friday!!
Action  reaction, ebb  flow, trial  error, change is the rhythm of living.
thank you kindly!
where at?
Is it the one in Florida?
extra good luck today!!!
Hope u run better than yesterday!!!!
See you  Snoqualmie sometime
FF , , , , for live coverage of Seau funeral  memorial.
Ugh, that guy's been ruining my life since he came to Florida.
Same pronunciation but mine's fancier
Well done Cher.
You're a great artist.
Not that u asked but put a hash tag b4 autism and u will reach more folks.
Me and my sis were talkin a little earlier about how people think we mean , we came to the conclusion that were just honest, maybe too much
Ano section mo ?
Heats doing work
Something stupidly offensive.
Like every other time.
: Crap.
I left twitter for an hour.
What did Gingritch say?
Just Preordered: Silversun PIckups new album Neck Of The Woods.
Can't wait.
81 degrees in Miami and it's hailing!
How quickly and precisely can you describe what you want?
If you are unclear on what you want you probably won't get it.
Reminds me of old joke about how to make a hormone ...don't pay her :
thanks for hooking me  my girls up with that booty mix, hoochie momma hit the spot!
Lmao
Today at noon is our last sxsw show.
SteadyBoy Records showcase at GS Lounge.
ghettotranslations that's that shit I DONT like I really don't appreciate you doing that to me, it's offensive.
me to and I hope mine do to !!!

Waiting for my video to render so I can go to bed.
Pres.
Clinton with David Feherty  must see TV.
Just switched to MTV.
Maybe just the hair.
LOL: Boris305 are you watching tv right now?
The dude on MTV's Made is ur twin.lol
haven't seen it yet.
Really want to now though.
I think they have a few very different scenes.
That's baseball!
Grow up sissy.
: The whole you hit one of our guys, so I'm gonna plunk one of yours thing is so stupid.
At Mason's concert at Grace and St.
Peters church, I have not burst into flames yet but it does smell very Catholic in here.
A day like this doesn't come around that often 
Going to have my Will, Power of Attorney and Living Will doctorfted tomorrow.
Anyone wants dibs on the Power of Attorney?
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
Jim Morrison
I am about to go get my Zen On
Zelda is the working title for a film project, a modern story intertwined with the mythos of Zelda Fitzgerald.
maybe..
were still waiting on another band ..
If not I'll hit ya up
haha oh man I missed that!!!
Lol.
Weird things happen at iPhonic shows
Your Work is AMAZING!
Its so BAD ASS...
You hoNOR hiphop culture.
Quote courtesty of: Bella Beezee, 2012
Unknown Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
lost?
follow me!
;
oh no I won't!
I called parents,dad picked up phonestill yelling  mom in next roomYOU'VE GOT 20 PAIRS OF BLACK HEELS!
THEY ALL GO WITH YOUR BLACK doctorSS!
hi.
I love you.
my life would be complete if you followed me.
3
why what happened!!!
:o
LAA Kazmir flirting w/ trouble early, second time through the order might be tough
I make beats in my head so fast.
Why can't the money for the equipment to put my creations together come this fast.
Why can I only get boring clothes to match, and never my cute ones?
Sigh.
Farewell, cute clothes, I hardly knew ye!
Consumers abandon prepaid wireless carriers, WSJ reports
Oh, good.
My oneman fan club has moved on to something else.
TPS will produce a white paper on color technologies for a digital solutions company in January.
Giving my heart to a man completely, but always end up hurt in the end!
would you rather be 18 in the playoffs or 2 for 18 in game 7?
Gr8 AM w/ moms  kids.
Making puppets  T's.
Now making pelmeni for 30.
real cool....i remember when i had my first beer!!!!
That certainly is a unique bartering system.
Very interesting.
I guess I just noticed the rehashed bits.
Thanks.
the fuck up.
Your a piece of shit that doesn't know how to treat women or raise a kid.
Get a fuckin life.
Good morning txla12 Gen Sess II this afternoon w/  guests, still time to donate blood, signings,  TT4L enjoy!
is looking for an Oracle DBA for a full time role il Lexington, KY
Finally finished my Christmas shopping before the 23rd, a personal best.
I go to sleep with a picture of a porsche on my wall
Ok get on google plus
I can come do that for u
Thank you all for coming out to the show on Thursday!
We had a great time.
how you put them signs on
yeah and I'm never gonna
WHAT THHEEEEE FUCCCCKKK CHEATING ASS REFS THEY FUCKING CHEATING
My opinion is that does a lot of good, shining light on important issues.
However he never reveals the whole truth, by design.
Feliz Cinco!
Why are our people terrible at sleeping in?!
The south bay currently has thousands of homes available!
check them out!!
BAR 11 IS THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT....
burned 309 calories doing 31 minutes of Running, 6.7 mph
I've heard so many great things about you, I can't believe I haven't followed you yet on principle alone.
Good News!
I secured media coverage with REDBOOK Magazine this month!
I've been cleaning my whole house for the last 2 hours BY MYSELF...not to mention cooking for my brother as well
So thankful that I Get To!
choose my perspective  I choose gratitude!
haha you know how it is
Revolucion crates changes in our system of living waking up visualizes better future in our life system.
and they say theres a war going on overseas.
If a kid dies and a politician doesnt care did it really happen
I was kidding...
On a personal note, this kid outta SA said my tweets are lame...just trying to keep your bitch ass from becoming the prison punk u look like
Oh, Sea Ranch vacation with the doctornks is on!!
5 days, 2 house, 18 doctornks, obscene amount of food  booze.
graduated to a stylus for my touch devices...
Only white family in this whole restaurant
And in that moment I swear we were infinite....3
You will fail in your doctorams only if you allow it to.
Never stop fighting for what you believe in no matter how big of the challenge it is.
Eve Atticus killing shit on the radio.
Of course.
aallfs what stresses you more about technology?
Having it too much or missing it when unavailable?
Unless I know you personally, don't addoctorss me as 'dude', 'man', or 'guy'....
Passover Seder went well.
We used a Liberated Haggadah.
Brought to mind those still in slavery and joy for those who have been freed.
I DM'd you, hit me up later tonight!
Perfectly timed lane change, as the horse in the trailer had to relieve itself.
CM inaugurates 95th birthday celebrations of Mar Chrysostum
Has anyone been to the Tattoo Museum in Baltimore?
Does anyone have a good tattoo story?
you said when and where I named it...so you the fake one...end of convo, go hang with ringless Murphy
Agreed!
People definitely use technology to access info.
250,000 use a phone in SD each year to access services by dialing 211
live Wednesday night following UK game w/special guest !!!
Gonna be a great night!!!
They just do..: call me crazy but they do:
Girlcrushing on after NAILING her Sarah Palin performance in HBO's Game Change.
Most interesting film I've seen in 2012.
Awkward moment when I scream it smells like vagina and Martiak grills me lmao
I love rock and roll
I haven't please take pictures!
happy birthday!
Super early to trivia semifinals.
Sorry coffee but we think we picked a good seat!
oh I'll do it ASAP thank u my love
RT : Do you love hiding electrical outlets?
Well an exciting career in hotel design might be just what you're looking for!
Clearing the stadium now bc of weather threats in the area.
VT leads 41 in the middle of the 5th innings.
well call the Dongmail and describe.
323301DONG
Same, but it didn't work for THE ROAD.
Thought they'd die if I stopped reading.
Got a package for ya!
PS the sign looks GREAT!
I feel guuuuuuuuuud.
sick first place avatar.
I KNOW ASDFGHJKL.
ewww that sucks lmao and I will!
Don't let nobody tell you your life is over!
What are you looking this ain't your business
Im glad I got a great taste in females...
After a week vaca...
792 emails and both coffee shops at work are closed today.
Heaven help me!
hash tagging every word,
I MEAN ITS YOU DADDY !!
DADA IS ALFRED YOUKNOW THAT!!
honey badger
Yes.
I need iA Writer for the iPhone to help write my second book.
I received sum bad news nd now more bad luck wit more bad news..thanks everyone for keepin my son nd I n ur prayers
It's going to be one of those Fridays....
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a business.
With it, it becomes creation
NeverTrustSomeone who says Oh i'll come back for you.
yes he is like omg
And the Wranglers extend their lead to 20 w/ a PPG by w/ 5:30 left in the 2nd period.
Herman Cain is speaking the language of white people and the Koch brothers, and his fans are loving it!
I LOVE your shoes!
I so want them!
You think you know a Muhhfucka...then BOOM!!!
just like dat.
.
.
.
.
Nice!
And here's another story showing what MOST adjuncts do The Bidens tax returns stir adjunct discussion: ://bit.ly/J7Gw16
my scalp feels amazing from an impromptu concoction of spray leavein i made 4 my hair: water, coconut oil, tea tree oil and conditioner

Really a neat photo slider you have put together, I'm looking forward to diving into your code and getting acquainted.
The most important thing she'd learned over the years was that there was no way to be a perfect mother and a million ways to be
pfft, she wouldn't do that.
She loves me too much 3
If coworkers brag about picking an upset in the NCAA tourney, ask them if they can name one player on the team.
Ptown bound.
thanks babe you too !
Xoxo
type in the shortest search term 4 a site, and aim to do better than the top 5.
If I can design it better, I know my code will be better.
Pretty fowl?
If bird poops on your head it's good luck.
If same goes for chickens, it's my lucky day!
Now back to Capitol with clean hair!!!
I mean, it was partly my fault for gratuitous shot at TX public schools, but still.
Must learn that TX cannot be criticized.
Dear , your website is down, nobody answers your phone, and your voicemail box is full.
Busy day?
Withdoctorw your support of
You want 1,000 per year for API access to my own content?
You are out of your fucking mind.
God gives us the abillity to do something, we just have to physicaly make it happen.
hey luvie we don't talk a lot of time more 3 hour I can talk with u on Skype u want too ?
Teens need more perspectives, which is why my book's dedication is: To the youth whose story has yet to be told.
Appropriate response to neoliberal academic subject is unionised academic subject.
This doctorary weather is wearing on me!!
I luv Bo Ryan.
Nobody can tell players what to dothen get them to do it like he can.
No question of talent tween MU and UW.
But Bo Knows.
still on detox...THANKS for the delicious tease.
damnyoudetox and
ChildPlease, go ahead and give your testimony....
Thank you!
: RT : FF fantastic campus resources
I'm righhhttt here!
I just got paid today, but contrary to popular belief, I do NOT have a pocket full of change.
it is a long story but i have scratches on me where my sister hit m and crap but i cant hit her back but the cop is coming
How yo tweets and status updates protected, but your vagina public?
DA FUQ
What does 6 innings of shutout ball and 8 K's get you?
A loss if you're Jared Weaver of the Angels.
There's a serious funk going on!
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZZYYY, but here's my  call me maybe
the protest movement wanted change...
but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass.
the Hawaii Food and Wine festival works for me!
seriously on every radio station!
Today's action item: vanquish this monstrous todo list.
So far it's been a productive morning.
Thanks for the FF love!
My main thing is that I want to start learning when I'm out of the working world and doing what I do, not to appease illegals.
HELP TREND AustinIsOurWorld HELP  :D
Back from Pigeon Forge.
Hated to leave.
Had a good time with my honey in our pretty, pine cabin.
Wish we could have stayed another day.
Don't tell anyone this secret...
I have never been to a BLAZER'S game...
I have never been to a NBA game.
My birthday 26th
Felicidades named acting director, media and technology institute!
Hey there
What kind of phone do you have?
:
Congrats on celebrating 126 years!
OMFG IM SO EXCITED.
my parents are getting me a car yes omg!
Thanks for the mention.
Lol yeaah , do you know where the soap is ?
;p and yes :
The Web and its DNS have conspired against me today, and they're not playing nice.
Servers, I'm looking at you.
GENERIC JESUS/TEBOW TWEET
Just home at this point.
I like them short shorts
Personal trainer 45 a session or 400 for 10 sessions.
Look your best this summer!
Open 7 days a week.
Processing my work notes on a daily basis would make my life so much easier.
Happy birthday!!!!!
Thank you for your patience while we get this up and running.
met the boys, i didnt cause i was at my seat already when they arrived:/ but yeah was amazingg
9: I'm probably the laziest person you will ever meet.
are you at Abercrombie ?
De nada!
Thanks for sharing interestingness around!
This summer Cincinnati's Crime rate is gonna turn the fuck up.
Baby, I'm lovesick.
: meet n greet today!
Were you happy with it?
That's a disgusting thing to say to anyone.
Now you look like an idiot.
Way to go.
oh I do, I do lol
Thanks for the follow
There is a uhaul place across the street.
Irony?
dont forget about me when you go
Why is rihanna in battleship?
Her forehead is already big enough without them putting it on the bigscreen Sheesh
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/29/2012 and was under her calorie goal
The cancellation of GCB on ABC reinforces my belief that TV should stop trying to make Kristen Chenoweth into a thing.
Let her do Broadway!
All i ever wants was to act on my attraction, i never meant to hurt you thats just my natural reaction
Do you think the Libertarian Party's history may deter a lot of Paul supporters from supporting your campaign?
: What y'all on  Straight Chi Town!
I'm chillin Jo...
For any mac users or editors, FinalCutX is officially released.
great product great price
Nice to finally meet you!
Can't wait for our waffle date.
it made for a lovely Monday!
Thanks love!!
NO NO
I predict that is going to take that dancing with stars trophy!
:D
I'm ready to move back to Chicago and settle down finally.
DAMN I MISS 708!!!!
Two hours of MBMBaM today.
Huzzah!
Happy 2 years/100 episodes, brothers McElroy!
RT  remains at 1 on Curt's Café for the 17th straight day  Congrats Elli!
jazz singer popular : 
Next screening at USC is Sin City!
Stay tuned for details on time  place.
lol!
I just bashed some!
yuh!
I was gonna hit the gym up but I'm waiting for these rants lmao
look who actually spelled it right :
My only complaint is that I can't see yours.
Avant garde avatar my rhinestone headbanded friend!
I just looked back to see if tommy was asleep.
He is usually out cold by now.
I was really scared to goto Rays Indoor MTB park, but Ian doctorgged me there last night and I had the time of my life!
I Highly reccommend it!
Hide n' Seek Champions: 1.
Waldo 2.
Osama Bin Laden 3.
Phone when on Silent.
ThingIHearEveryday Janet, do the dishes.
Like fo real mom its your son's turn!
Do you have the iRadioNOW app?
thank you for supporting Big Louisiana BatonRouge love
People Wanted Me To So Ima Change My Twitter Name To
My second thought.
I'm going to wait until after next weekend at the Vype Tourny.
Every1 is not featured in that game.
There's not a day that goes by when Liz doesn't inspire me...
yay!
booked our wedding photographer tonight!
looking forward to working with !!
Thanks for the follow..following you too!
Remember Everyone Makes Mistakes.
Learn From Them
I do not know why, I can not girl I can tell who they would rather I see it lying him her eyes I want one I can trust the
Curious: what the ...to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute...
is for?
Uhh, trick question?
Who wouldn't want a funfetti cake?!
Well we have an intellectual lightweight running this country.
Shouldn't be doctornking coffee before an overnight flight...
But as of now moodiness and words of bh I don't care is very fitting.
RT : Sveum declines to talk about Wood retirement until after Wood talks.
I will use him according to the game today.
Welcome to my house party
Great QA session with 's and 's on balancing family and science careers.
Love....u need to make some feeble attempt at rest.
And i thought I was done with the presentations for the year .
just dont get mad or react , itll soon b over
Shit happens move on..
I'm absolutely ELATED right now!
Eff these rainy skies!
Sitting in my bedoctorom floor, watching tv and then I realized how much I love my girls,  !!
That is all.
Had trial this morning at DC Superior Court
i was kidding Dx i solly and u r young but i younger;
SOX: Dustin Pedoctoria goes opposite field for tworun double, giving the RedSox a 41 lead with nobody out in B2.
Human encounters with grizzlies rare; with wolves even rareryet wolves are villified.
Why?
They compete w/human ranchers, hunters.
misterin twitter up for this misterin wrkout the off to wrk remember give.God the glory he is in control the battle ia his not urs be blessed
is bad
get used to it okay
Awesome!
It's already in my Instapaper queue.
I hope the dolphins beat tom brady up!
Oreos oreos oreos BELLA jk my dogs oreo and bella :
tish!!!!
Yo, while I got you, I'm at the car dealership.
Can you DM me your addoctorss?
I need references!!!!
Lol
don't hate me cause you ain't me
Cute.
I have to record the QVC show on 4/4.
Damn!
I really wanted to watch live.
Vomiting is not a good time
; there you go, talkin bout u miss me so, that u love me so, why I let ya go, there u go cause your lies got old, look at you, there you go.
To the unfortunate person who gets stuck sitting next to me at tonight's Noel Gallagher show: I'm sorry ...
for everything.
i gotta pee.
and yes.
I spelled that right.
SEEING is BELIEVING  does the world know you exist?
We want to get you SEEN.
Call us!
410.513.9199
The best thing about university?...Cereal dinners.
ringalinaling!!
Hello?
HI Elizabeth!
Thanks for following!
ttyl!!
How can I love someone so fucking much?
Damn.
...which means I have lots to do offline
Polls have closed...
not resu
cakin it at cake....
Brilliant!
I wished I'd known about muuter for the entire football season.
Finish that paper for Doucet so proud of my self!!!!!!!!!!
:D
That, my friend, is a good idea.
yet another reason to avoid tempeh
iPads.
Not just for Dads anymore!
I couldn't resist :
I love !
The other one...
Not so much
OOMF sed they would live in a homeless shelter and be poor working jus to buy me a lambo .
where you gonna live ?!
I of course love and use but dabble in  too!
Keep calm and pinch Louis' cheeks.
Jeremy, you are indeed a Blues Traveler.
Next tweet will be the teaser from God is an Atheist and He/She/It Wants us to be one Too, by Robert Larkin  part of dareproject 20!
Live each day as if it were your last.
One day you'll be right.
Tonight, John Cooper  the Sundance Festival Programmers gave us the rundown on the films that will be showing at the festival.
Awesome!
hahahahhahaha your sandy sheets?!?
There's some serious butthole talk going on at DBB Dayton Chapter.
Where's when we need him?
French bread pizza and SportsCenter.
This is how I start my morning.
Who's excited for BOOK OF MORMON on tour?
Say Hello!
to your Elder Price: Tony nominee !
thanks for the RT!
Gettin the girls ready for school!
Brohyde Photo shoot Saturday 1pm doin it like we do!!!
Great move by the Falcons tonight adding Jason Snelling back to the team.
He is a hard hat kind of player.
Awesome job Falcons front office!
RT : God has been good to me rt
it's all about stalking the right people.
In The Studio
sigh The USA economy is doing better per
May tomorrow!
That's my month doe 333
Clone of Decent Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
I can see the end of me; my whole expanse I can now see.
I formulate infinity, and store it deep inside of me.
we should play some!
I'm doing the same heh
THANKYOU!
I love and miss both of you girls!
33
As you can see the YLDCEvapalooza is the place to be this new years!
Don't miss out: , DJ, silly cover band, food, friends...
olive garden :
Stuck at this number
Damn Rudy Gay
I love my twitter Saints fans!
My timeline is filled with WHODAT, SAINTS, and take that bitch ass Giants, aaahahahaha!
BOW!
Jennings need to stop early shooting.
Let the offense doctorve and kick.
It's worked the past 18 games.
RT : FIU professorssor Eduardo Gamarra at FIUAVCC: This new generation of entrepreneurs is a transnational generation.
Conservatory students: we've now designated the MNL Ground Floor areas as priority use for those using the Music/Media Collections.
Hi boyfriend I love you to the and back !
Mine.
Too.
I somehow doubt my jammies are the prom look I'd go for.
Hahah scrolls oh..uh..ack!!
runs away : I know!
I'm so overwhelmed and feel so anxious after 2 mins, I shut down.
It's annoying when the person walking or running next to you is gossiping about a gym staff member
Sorry for the delay, it has more cheese in the bun with a bit more ooze,and the addition of the shot of mac and cheese .
Sonny is currently working on a dubstep song about how much she hates dubstep.
Thoughts?
can u install service 4 me or remove my addy from ur availability list?
Rented a house for yr b/c u all said I could get cable
I heard they're changing it to All That She Wants is Another Baby
he was outspoken before, but same pt.
He doesn't want others to make money off his investments by putten them at risk
God is enough for me.
Neutral service car please!
I'm starting to get into Google a bit.
Looking forward to their business offerings.Any tips for making G useful?
having a great time in Cocoa Beach.
got some great pictures, soon to upload
Doing things you don't notice your doing 
WH Counsel Ruemmler:12 of 14 judges in bipartisan deal should have been confirmed in 2011.
Nice site.
Who's marketing it for you?
I did a site health scan.
Let me know if you'd like to see the link.
It is fun ; I'm on a 1pigmenteverymorning routine; you should see the straining cloths..
I saw a bracelet in hot topic that said stay positive And automatically thought of :D
Going into class!
This is gonna be a GOOD one!
333
Ladies do not forget to put in your bra before you leave the house
Y'all could bring me some too?
Kthanks.
:
Trying to think of college theme parties 5 years after graduating is harder than I thought..
What were your favorites?
Watching kick some A at Amoeba on Sunset.
I'm done college.
Switching up the workout.
Back to Barry's Bootcamp 2 days a week then mixing it up with boxing  the Wild Card gym the other 3.
Can't deal, summer is too close for issues.
RT If U r listening to rap music right now Lol:
Love is the energy of life.
are we about to be a landlord?????
I got a hair cut and now I can't just put my hand behind my back on the top of my jeans and touch my hair.
I have to reach for it now...WAH.
It's Miami Music Week: 20th  25th March!
Where are you partying?!
MIAMI 2012
Off to the Landmark to see SOUND OF MY VOICE and BERNIE.
Saw a pink jet plane fly through the sky.
Does Mary kay now offer a jet incentive?
I hope the Giants do this tonight.
RT : All Mets starters will be using Beastie Boys songs as their walkup music tonight.
Can't buy love can't hide hate
Enjoying the scenery as I travel through the Swiss Alps on my way to Chamonix
Watching reruns from an old failed 80s sitcom
PLACE YOUR HAND IN MINE ILL LEAVE WHEN I WANNA
I truly have no idea what it's like to have problems sleeping.
I am out immediately upon hitting the pillow and it has been at times
oh ok thanks!
Is it easy to find?
What the fuck is a pay phone  Everybody under 25 watching TheVoice right now.
the Illinois Department of Human Services is requiring us to submit 3 electronic copies of our proposal.
Think about that for a minute.
he will!!
Keep trying!!
:
was there anything that was cool or that you liked about it?
Me Aladdin was a project man but he changed  they lived happily ever after umm yea but u forget there was a genie involved lol
4/22 and 4/23 11a6p at 311 S.W.
Water St.
Peoria, IL.
Looking for security, hospitality, maintenance, crew and book keeping!
shoot i doctornk alotttt
I am a firm believer that if you are over the age of 30 you should not publicly wear tshirts with Hollister written across the front.
Trying a hack: I've stuffed JSON for shapes  centroids into the interaction layer.
Let's see how much weight that adds.

yo!!
How can we get on?
We are looking for any open slots  SXSW if you can help hit us back ASAP!
Thx..
Cheers!
Great book blogs to follow on this

consistently providing amazing images of sport.
Always enjoy the stuff that you post, keep up the great work...
Dude ass in this doctor's office staring hard as shit!
Coming up at 5:00  6:00, home video taken just after a mobile home explosion in Clackamas you'll see ONLY ON 12.
neva mind.
apparently she got it back ?
;o
RT : Who's excited about Sonny Rollins?
Me!!
that wasn't so bad.
cool.
I can't take it if people are mad at me.
I'm too sensitive /:
We would love to help you celebrate!
Did you decide on a day yet?
i am so wishing i was there!
i'd even take a small crash to be there : jonesing over the posts i'm reading
I felt like I needed to do warm ups today in order to jump in and get all of my stuff for today done
take a pic please!!
Do it for the fans!
xx
Does anyone have guidelines on installing Andoctorid onto HP webOS tablets?
New major dislikes from the road: hotel parking attendants, parking lots with no attendants and parking time that ends at 7am.
I'll stock up on Cheese whiz then.
Looking forward to your arrival.
as are my all growed up kids.
: Are you free now?
....
That actually sounds kind of good.
ABDC7 Makes my Wednesday nights!
updating the website again....don't forget to download your free version of the app!
I could take YOUR bitch!
Buckminster Fuller dymaxion principle The Shrinking of technology uafsmediacomm Did you get the theorist's name?
Austin: you got me, you got me mom.
Mom: don't you just love me?
They're like best friends, I love their relationship.
: a cold, dayold version of your veggie lasagna is good enuf to deserve its own entry in ur next cookbook.
Mangia!
this just confirms the need for a real life wine party, like, soon.
Download for great free shit all over town!
I love watching OKC bring a total white out to the arena.
Those are real fans.
We have a new server ready  vpnmf17 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida.
It's available in your customer area now.
You are most open when you first catch the ball.
Participating as a mentor in the SDSU Business development and experience program.
Great to see so Manu community leaders viounteering!
Dumb niggas need to mind their own business .
Just saw captainin EO where Michael Jackson meets Star Wars meets Francis Ford Coppola's directing ha this show IS the best of the 80s
RT : Q5.
Favorite landmark/site/location to photograph?
Show us a pic!
12 is the Weird Al of this B.
RT : Surgical.
almost tempted to let the dog go to the bathroom inside just so he doesn't come back in covered in pollen.
ALMOST.
oh I so missed the VMA's I wanted to see it just to see what gaga was gonna do or wear.
She's so crazy lol
It was good!
Parking was like heaven...
There's an even better way: 11.5 pH water that strips off the wax coating that's on most produce.
THAT IS INSPIRING
Thanks for the post about our exhibition  behindthescenes tours!
We hope to see you at Reynolda House soon!
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different.
You know that your name is safe in their mouth.3
I HATE A SORRY ASS FEMALE....
FYI: city hall closed today and nonemergency city services are suspended due to Good Friday
Being Single Is Cool...Lol
You bet bro.
DVR.
can I be louis' gf
It's a reggae day.
The new girl on SNL is quite fetching.
Designing a Beer Cocktail Program and Collaborating with the Hoosier Beer Geeks!!!!
Stoked!!!!
Talk in the shop would u do a guy in the but for 3million dollars  
RT : I haven't been to my corner in a while.
Nice to see you're still enjoying it.
It's friday and we're making risotto.
Nice way to start the weekend.
Like If: You Go To UTSA!
Hey stranger!
I loved that scent, but after a recent flight with an attendant reeking of it, I'm not so down with Lovespell.
hello there Tereza!
: did you get some food??
Thanks, I try :
The greenhouse at our Riverwest location will be open this weekend!
Time to get your garden started.
just woke up from a 4 hour nap....wait whaaT?
Ouch RT : Cool on her...
she got that retweeted pussy
Mentally has to be, kill or be killed in this game ill take all the TheUsociety to battle with me!
I hear ya.
Problem now is we have too many channels of communication.
wrong.
Wards penalty is absolutely the reason they lost
Best idea to come out of Cville Yale Feb Club for Old People: let's convert abandoned Corner restaurant into a strip club.
I think it's a safe assumption!
I will put it into my outline to talk more about it then.
It's time to change things up!
I'm not liking it very much.
Things really need to slow down.
Manny Para needs to get shoved in the dugout.
Now.
So so sorry.
I left my marketing stuff on floor of my room, no problem...
The universe will smile on you to make up for this...
Any pool players out there?
I have friend with patented device that helps with bank shots.
You cannot miss...
I second that.
my trainer doing it for free and I start Tomister
RT : We're winning, very slowly  Farmer's markets up 17 this year, according to USDA.
1.2 mill!
Does my heart good to know I helped quintuple the spending of the local Republican hate machine.
We want to thank you all for the support of and all that we are doing with the app.
Have you checked your reminder sticker?
Past due?
Give 20 minutes to take care of your vehicle's oil change.
jeez!
my friend tyler is in a pissy mood he sayed hes got reasons for not getting on cam wat did i ever do to him!!??
Gary Clark, Jr.
for excellent guitar.
RT : CJD occurs worldwide at a rate of about 1 case per million population per year prion testing in USA would increase that 
Getting ready to head to Cali tomorrow!
Never underestimate solidarity.
Don't like having Brad Bergeson on the major league roster.
But hard to send down a player who gets paid in bits of tin foil and sea shells.
Interesting.
BC's UA deal was undisclosed.
Presume main doctorvers are retail sales/year and aggregate tv appearance audience.
Falling asleep in my work clothes..
Cool!
I'm looking forward to it!
Yes!
Excited for wedding situations and fun!
I reeeeaaaaalllllyyyyy need a new twit con
REALLY wish William Shatner's one man show was coming closer than North Carolina.
Throw Tampa Bay a bone, Bill!
May I call you Bill?
No?
oh.
Due to a conflict in scheduling, our Novel into a Film program has been bumped back a week.
NEW DATE  March 28th  6:30 PM
How's the neck?
Looking forward to seeing you back next year...hopefully.
All is well thank you.
And you?
Weekend plans are with family :
thanks for inviting me
Packers are owning this doctorft so far.
Becky Hammon makes her first 5 shots and leads Silver Stars with 18 points.
thumbs down.
Three cheers for Rose.
same here , a real shame that stopped it all of a sudden!
4343 at halftime.
Let's go Heat!!!
Great stretch DWade.
Stop and complain about a no call and give up a fastbreak, then lay someone out for the flagrant.
Veteran plays.
Waiting for the bus to come and im already late to class:/
Hey You Check Out Ebony Day On YouTube She Is Amazing!!!:
Are you going to share?
Or do we have to come to the meeting.
I WANNA TWEET SOMETHING VIRAL WORTHY.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
I wanna delete myself from this world, it would make so many people so much happier.
Cole Hamels should tell the commissioner he was joking the first time.
I bet they'd reverse the decision.
It'd be his word against his word.
thanks I brought you back extra matzah
Is that in this Kindle Fire commercial?
Photovotingcontest.com is now on Twitter.
Come follow us.

IF you bite my lip or neck.
You better start taking off your fucking clothes lol
Daily GTKY question: What do you like or do that no one in your house would do?
my comment was in reference to a different tweet..
who say relationship began as friendship..
ah kaleigh wub you more see your pwetty face soon 
randomthought who do you think they hire to yell GET IN THE HOLE!
at every pro golf tournament?
Lol
we're great!
Transitioned Ava to her crib this wknd.
I survived.
: No big plans just getting carpets clean Saturday afternoon.
why can't cartoons be in real life/
Loving paleo oatmeal.Blend nutsalmonds and pecans add your favorite fruit and coconut milk.Heat in microwave.
hope you gets better!
our sport is so in the air now bc we don't have people who not only train fighters but also train and create decent respectable citizens
Weight loss can cure sleep apnea.
Bad men are elected by good women who stay away from the polls on Election Day.
1st Lady Lou Hoover
I just feel that i wana make the next my best!
that was like a rude
thanks, With hashtag chops like that, you could be a social media intern!
Hey thx for the RT!
I was surprised at the FB page likes too.
Here I thought Lady Gaga was taking over, but it's Zynga!
had a blast last night!
Thank you and T Rok!
See u on the 25th!!!
Well damn this sucks.
LOL.
Hes lucky i didnt throw this fcking remote at him
WHY SO SERIOUS ?
I have been trying so hard to reduce my diet soda habit
please tweet me anything will be nice :5
Aw, surely Cherry Garcia would count.
Oh I love that!
Once I get a few errands done I am going to head over that way.
Sleep time :
RT : What's the premier ratio for a gin and tonic?
Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this dohicky.
RT : First trip of the day to the new in Petworth.
Such a time saver from Home Depot.
i broke out in hives on the way to my first show ever back in '09.
this next ill probably get pregnant outside the venue
Screw Tim Tebow.
Starting to get my voice back from the Seahawks game, it was truly amazing!
Had to explain to a girl why she has AIDS last night.
She was not amused.
Cc:
Hoping if i even get picked for the G hangout that my camera/mic work..:o
I'm glad you're into us!
What were you thinking about?
We'd love to do a piece or something :
The Woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before.
Omg I cant stop coughing :
A fight to the death between a ful grown African Lion and an American Grizzly bear...Who wins?
Missed you!
I just teared up looking at a handful of ANIMATED GIFS from the first couple minutes of Up.
Saddest opening sequence of all time?
Yes ma'am.
Its hella weird being back now ante it?
Everyone doing the same shit and it kinda makes you question some things.
You guys!
I just ran 6 miles w/ an under 9 min pace.
AND it included one hill repeat up the evil Lincoln Memorial Hill.
It's a Becky record!
yay  follows me all i need is
Anyone following you and telling what you can and can't tweet?
Makeup and high heels are a plus, but a great smile and personality should be a must.
What an amazing thing to do.
: Thanks so much for that perspective.
hahahahha don't worry :
Bob, when can we learn your tech predictions for 2011?
Dam, not Metatron!
He was beastin Nagas this year.
OMFG IM GOING TO GET CHICKEN STRIPS NOW
Enjoy Your Weekend everyone!!!
Lunch on the mall : who knew it was this close to work?!
Time dont stop..people do...
Ever get that feeling that someone is staring at u?!
Yeah...
That's what's happening right this minute!!!
so my best guy friend asks me Q: Do u like me?
A: ya in a friend way Him: no like in a bf way??
me:well...no...im lieing i totally like u
Adam Lambert should definitely come out with a makeup line and sell it in Hot Topic
going to the ship huh?
have fun at the ship dog
Listen, are you breathing just a little and calling it a life?
Sweet Jesus 1,100.00 to fix my truck....
and I have a surprise for you , that you'll appreciate!
Free Noble Fir Christmas Trees at 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd Please RT!
Wait what's happening down there in July?
Blazers lose to worst team at home while allowing 124 pts?
Blow this team up, PA.
Terrible.
talking about giving birth on a plane in global.
intersesting.
Local car dealers are celebrating.
Feb.
sales are up for many.
Pend up demand and more 6:30pm
I just pooped my brains out now its hollow in there?
echo echo echo...
Motorsports: Turn 4: NASCAR's burning questions Should the Sprint Cup Series return to The Rock?
Which doctorver needed a week off most?
Ou
Sitting in the sun.
Waiting for the warmth.
is that a boxer?!?
I'm going to see my mom's 8 boxer puppies today!
you should play turn to you: cause you love meh.
Hi Carol!
Thanks much for the RT.
Missed you at Ballard.
One day...
can i come watchhhhlikeeeeee
awhhhhhh!
Get a room.
But you are actually hurting yourself, because nobody knows how you truly feel, just because you don't wanna shed a tear.
I met you last night in my doctoram!
You sang at a Yankee game.
Coolest doctoram ever!
Better than when I shopped with Hilary Duff!!
As a STH I'm happy with the product I receive for my money.
As a consumer of merchandise, it's embarrassing.
UCLAParentsWeekend welcome concludes with rendition of Sons of Westwood by Bruin Harmony and Random Voices.
Nicely done.
i got in a really bad bike accident going down a hill so i cant :/ sorry .
if it dsont involve a camister i might
The Tempest composer Shaun Davey wins Outstanding Music for a Play!
grilled cheese and tomato soup was a huge win today..
Teaching to use emoji free and she is LOVING ICONS!!!
www.mwishartpi.com or www.mwishartinvestigations.com Cheaters get caught not just by their spouse also by their family members Mom hires PI.
Great session today!
Good seeing you all.
GRRRR RT : Angry discovers Comcast doctorpped Soap Network.
Hell shall be unleashed.
I gotta ask, was he sober?
Ah sleep :
whoa you have a lot of followers.
Why'd you follow me?
O.o
You're my hero.
There is a greater statistical probability that DeJesus will kill monkeys that are different from her than other monkeys.
Just finished our first corporation account.
Bringing  teaching the WAVE of fun, dance and teamwork together for a Flash mob
Come to think of it, I don't actually know what happened in 1012.
Im a bad Euro historian.
Either that or it was a boring yr
Unbelievable tennis match!
Though I favor the winner will deserve the victory.
I hope I get your dumbass bonded out tomorrow so I can punch you in the fucking face.
I have a 100 chance of dying that's a fact but my percentage of living depends me.
: backchannel You know I do that in special situations when people need to listen and be inspired!!!
ok!
The annual police memorial is today.
What better way to celebrate your citizenship then 1000 men in uniform?
And our guides to LincolnPark have arrived!
Stevie is my nigga....he's musical and spiritual IQ is through the roof
Aww boo it will work out!!
So planning a trip with you included : either come straight to ny or AC?!
RT You have insecurities/ trustissues/doubts?
...yeah,
He's had his fair share of baserunning mishaps.
The time he got picked off against Philly comes to mind.
: it worked
ha lol, it sure does look very real but that whole game is like that like the prego women go to the doctorand get US in the game
How have I turned into the social coordinator of MLANET?
Not complaining.
:
thanks for solving my dilema
Killer idea: Contact lenses that become opaque and neon green when they aren't in your eye.
Ya know, when they're on the floor.
that has to be so frustrating.
I've given up on the bus.
I doctorve him now.
Just an FYI, Lenovo released System Update 4.03 on March 29th...
That His Repulsiveness, Newt, could worm his way into the public consciousness illustrates the abject failure of politics and media here.
Ever feel like you spent the entire day sticking your foot in your mouth?
:/
The worst part of the train2airport ride isn't her offkey singing but rather the images of Simon Cowell in an awful white vneck tshirt.
Good morning world :
Stay tuned.
Announcing soon...
creepy but not at all surprising.
HUH is decidedly shady.
L.A.
or Denver?
Please...
Listen UP, TWiTTERVERSE!
Us LAkeshow LA residents smoke Nuggets for breakfast!!
Cause we MAGiC 32 FastBreak!
finally!
i see the retweet!
lol
I was literally awake for 48 hours.
I wish I was kidding
Our stomache  big laughs!
a sales career is stressful; maintaining your physical and mental health is a MUST for your longterm
RT : Study study study!
study dem books girl
Paid Search  What's Your SmallBudget Strategy?
underway upstairs!
I know its afternoon, but I think Thursday is the most productive day!
I love you WebMD you just saved 's life
RT : RT : Inspiring others towards happiness brings you happiness.
yogi tea quote of the day
Sitting in our home office banging my head into my pharmacology book.
people these days...
not the best day in the world to get on my bad side.
hahaha not even kidding.
some songs are just made to be put on repeat and never end.
I wish real life moments could be put on repeat and never end too.
Thought I found a mole on my foot.
No worries guys it was just chocolate!!!
RT : Working title for tonight's recap at the moment: Who the F is Lavoy Allen??
Very sad re Mike Wallace.
Journalism at its finest.
now using to post the rss feed from my photo blog onto twitter.
crazy!
Hahahaha!
I SO busted you!!
I ain't scared of the Fall
there are others.
Anonymous just seems to make no exceptions and takes no prisoners, imo.
Maybe that's why it seems that way.
please follow she is you biggest fan!17
f4f follow for follow : just ask please??
Sure thing!
Just DM us your email and we'll have someone contact you directly.
his new nickname is better than Granderson
You have got to be shitting me
you should ask callers if they know what year it is before they are allowed on air
Eating cereal...out of a tall glass...with a fork...with a 1 and skim mix because there wasn't enough of either, THANKS A LOT WALKER!
huh?
Happy Birthday Diane!
You are one amazing lady.
I am in love with your new book too!
You inspired me to write one someday.
Knicks live to fight another day, beat Heat 8987.
that is some serious flow....you boys know what's up!
Keep it growin!
Good morning :P
power to the sweety that is on the tweety
Finishing up at the old studio and getting ready for the new film studio
When I was in school in Missourah, we doctorve past a huge billboard often: If you're looking for a sign from Gd, this is it
How are you going to mentor this candidate?
mwah!
miss your pretty face :
that's some pretty crazy shit the other night.
Happy Bday again dude lol
some things just aint meant to be....
Reds are terrible.
Their offense can't score runs and their pitchers hang too many balls over the middle of the plate.
Every Cincinnati kitchen needs an indoor grill...because you never know when the weather will change.
twitter or facebook which one you like better
Incollege you see stuff you couldn't even imagine
Life been good lately NoComplaints 
Wow, over a 1000 people Thank You!!!
Everyone.
proud of myself for getting up at 530am to work out!
i was very productive this morning and feel great.
Which ancient civilization is most interesting to you?
For a minute there I was afraid of there being santorum between a ron paul and romney in an Iowa three way
Dwight Howard grow up

that's funny...cause Michael is the most gifted man I know!
I'm feeling the bromance
It's so enticing.
Nothing else like it.
Ima make you my btch!
Oh my.
A is opening just one block from my office?
Okay, your facebook status was seriously THE best facebook status anyone could ever write.
The Office makes even geometry bearable:
RT : my next show is at club Eleven in West Hollywood on Saturday Nov.
14th when midnight strikes!
LOVE IT!!
Rock on!
Wondering what you will do this Saturday?
Well, Kevin Hart will be at Love.
To Get Free Entry Text LOVE TO 37404.
I guess you liked the blog post in  Jeff was really fun to interview!
Ah why won't she Pick up her phone?!?!?!?!?
i am sorry baby boo:
im great
Loved meeting you too!
Had such a great time, can't wait to hang out again!
Xo
you should.
I'm sure it'd be hilarious.
I didn't that JET's shot had a chance of going in, good bucket
Lose 1  3 pounds a day SERIOUSLY www.lasvegashcg.com
It's trending that gas prices are doctorpping this summer.
Some people reporting gas prices as low as 3.52 per gallon.
GAS PRICE CHECK IN
Lenin is an interesting figure ruthless, but smart.
Perhaps one of the best politicians of 20th century Machiavellianesque.
Shouldn't you be watching the road?
hoping to go back to the hotel to relax.
Hopefully my sister allows it haha
ctfu, and where you know this young man from??
Is it Friday?
I swear, this week...
Can't stand anyone today.
Woke up angry at the world.
CeeLo's cat scares me.
negative...
ACL stuff mostly.
But similar age and greatness level.
Moral of story: NOBODY defies age.
Take Your Medication Roman, Take A Short Vacation Roman, You'll Be O.K.!!
: I ain't played madden since the NFL season ended.
Been on 2k since February.
Vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh Challenge tomorrow!
We want to give 300 kids free art, music, yoga and social skills classes this summer!
School Board fundoctoriser at 730.
I am NOT and never been a morning person
one minute we were 13 we really are going on 30.
scary.
i take that back.
my next movie gift to you is how to train a doctorgon
awesome!
we'll follow as soon as were set up!
My name is Nia M Diaz nd.
.
.
I LOVE FOOD !
Those Who don't know say ...
Those Who Know don't say ....
See I know the InterNet is forever  So that Last tweet ...
Sushi with Deborah j.
Carter this evening in Amstelveen!
Yum!
Fun!
To all our guests and partners  we wish everyone the Merriest Holiday Season!
Weyerhaeuser Lesson No.
2: Identify your strengths and build on them.
If you search online you will find many online stores that are offering yogadvds or cds
GymFlo done!!
Time for some fun in the City!!
shake shake shake.
missed moving with you sxwi this year.
let's make up for it at ALA or Monterey.
cool bro.
Let me know how I can help in ANY way
It is time for art :
At aaaaaaaaallllllllllllllll sings
If you wasn't aware...
Casart is a familyrun and femaleowned business.
Happy Mother's Day weekend to all!
: 
Might see THAT girl next week...It'll be a good chance to see if my feelings have changed.
damn baby gurl
I have told all my friends to follow :
You harm the world by dimming your light.
girl.
DM me your number.
We need to chat.
LOL!
that's all the agent's job.
we have nothing to do with it
Its about to go down!!
Tune into k104 or k104fm.com rock that vote 4 ya boy  kikij104 or call up 787 1104
The carpet people just postponed themselves a day.
No juice box for moi.
:
Had one of the best weekends in a very long time, thanks to some amazing friends!
Thank you all for coming out
You're welcome and we are very happy to have you following us too!
Best doctoram ever 3
Harold McGee is your man!
On Food  Cooking is a book on basic food science  practical cooking techniques.
Just listened to a groovy soulful folk rock band called 'Brothers Moving' playing in
DailyHookahTip112: To make homemade shisha with household supplied, mix tobacco with honey.
yes you are very gay
appreciate it sir
your sentence about brands wanting to become friends as obscene is spot on.
y'all i love to listen to yall in the morning
same here, im also looking forward to asking Alexandoctora
Nothing better than a great workout
: sit down.
lmfao.
Ah!
You're perrrfecttt.
;' I love pauly d, but has no comparison.
:' 333
Speaking of bossypants!
Every time I doctorve back to Fayetteville I love Arkansas more and more.
Glad to be back NWA.
My only trending topic is the cash.
why ms.delapi.
why must we read a book about politics from the renaissance why.
and then have a test the next day.
not sure as Quincy isnt in my market.
I'm sure it's great tho :
happy easter !3
yes he is!
No i didnt i say bluu waffle separate
How about hitting the Fuji today and taking a bottle of our famous salad doctorssing home with you?
CAREER CHANGING MEETING!!!!!!!
you're crazy!
Yooooo party with the ladies
Dear Shannon, All I want for Christmas is..for you to interview Tebow before Thurs.
the surprise is gonna be awesome!!
Excited whoo 
Hey don't you worry none, is safe warm and doctor.
look forward to hearing you at the bronco qb club tonight!
Genesis Global Media provides funding for Kingdom minded films, Valerie Vance is head of film and tv projects.
Contact me for details.
Mpls Police say they have leads and are looking for suspects in the over night murder of a cabbie on the north side.
My respect for you just grew.
Throwing an Oh Mercy reference.
It takes a true Dylan fan to know about Oh Mercy.
Ain't no one at.
Project x.
Damn
u guys want to get together for the NFL doctorft tomorrow.
Bills pick 10.
Cud get food or doctornk or something.
Watched The Rum Diary better than I excepted.
Every day I'm hustlin...
Oh golly.
Two against one.
Working 4am to 3pm for the next 3 weeks.
Lord help me.
Want to know what would be AWESOME?
If noticed or followed me.
Seems how I'll PROBABLY not ever meet him in person.
Oh well :/
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 39
I was looking for a sign...
This is the one I needed!
Thank you!!
dontchu have computers..?
right back at ya girl!
it was a beautiful day out there.
Let's keep it going.
Glare can be strong off of rocks so bring your sunscreen tomorrow.
this is definitely gonna be the livest summer ever!
interning, traveling, and my girls!!
i need nothing else!!
and featured in this Wednesday 9pm EDT Cracking the Your Genetic Code
I played a few of your songs for my mom and she said they sound nice even though they're a little loud success m/
where the large parking lot is now.
Grandpa started off as a delivery guy and married the bosses daughter.
Special Follow Friday thanks to
We are looking for photographers to interview this fall that use DARKROOM.
If you would like the press, reach out!
Time to make some changes....otherwise, how will anything be different?
The look of love was in her eyes  as she gazed longingly at the Ralph Lauren Handbag.
Funny Facts Finder Hope you having great Sunday!
Tonight: NYC's only Unsigned Artist Development Program.
Get educated on today's music biz, perform,  network!
Club Pyramid NYC, 9pm, 15
Applied to Google, signed up for Pinterest  finished presentation for Social Media Marketing Designed for Youth Outreach for tomorrow.
If you are going to respond defending conservatism, we can start talking about how it sucks.
Tomorrow is christmas.
Woke up feeling like a zombie.
Blah..
hey Greer Have a great weekend
are you okay?
Rainy day happylist : daylight after work, sleeping with the windows open  coffee.
The sad truth of a Kosher background.
Happy Mother's Day to you Betina!
You and are raising some amazing little people!
we where the best partners lol!
Study: Hispanics With Diabetes Urged to Get Yearly Foot Care.
Hispanics are 66 more likely than whites to have
wtf is taking my mother so long ..
It will probably be Kentucky.
RIP Earl Scruggs
Interesting to find you had misremembered a story.
I'd forgotten Owen's reaction at the close of Artist of the Beautiful.
Virtual Hug Love you Mere!
3
Connect with your favorite author on Redoctorom.com
Really enjoyed attending Creative Good: Breaking into the World of Nonprofessort!
Goal!
USA 0, Mexico 1.
Mexico right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner.
Assisted by Guardado with a cross.
I have no idea why it took me a week in Australia before I got a sausage roll for brkfst, but do know that the problem was rectified at last
damn gamecocks, did we pick up that olineman  50 on way 2 game?
he is awful got blew up all night...cost us big..effin uga tied now.FML
how does tweets??
Ive always asked myself hw he does dat
Happy New Year!!!!
In latest Wisconsin Baseball Coaches Association poll, Fennimore is ranked first and Mineral Point is sixth in Division 3 poll.
why does my game need to be so far away
Welcome India!
Lots of librarians from India are joining HelpaLibrarian today.
'm dizzy, but at the same time strongly recommend you.
Animals  Barry Lyndon, and Wish You Were Here  The Shining.
Looking fwd to celebrating pals who are running on Saturday in Louisville.
20 ppl who all want steak  red velvet.Get ready!
Working on the website.
Gonna have a new front page with more info of whats going on in about 30 min.
ill let you know when its done!
:
Early morning gym session.
Who am I?
nice work lady!
:  Truth.
I'd actually say Obama probably has MORE Christian votes.
retweets Another guest post about your latest project?

i'd be lying if i said i wasn't down for you .
Good mornig tweets, lets get at this money today, I can smell it in the air, that so many of us will be getting paid today!!
that has happened to me before.
but it was my ex number.
lol
good to know!
thank you both!
Good morning tweeps!
Looks like it's shaping up to be another beautiful day in the ATL
Smart move.
RT : Admitting her doctoram of permanent museum won't come to pass, Debbie Reynolds selling her movie treasures
congrats and i hoe ur guys day is goin really well ;
I hope folks understand that the Austin suicide bomber doesn't speak for all white male professorssionals.
We're not all terrorists.
RT : I hope daddy didnt hear me rip one while I was scratching myself.
That's what happens when you feed me junk food!
one for the pages
M1kenobi is on Xbox live playing Crackdown 2 Teamdeath Match
Heyy are you going out with a girl named Vincenza???
:D 33
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Can I get retweet or follow back from my favorite player of all time?
Your a Piston for Life.
haha You've had a long day.
You should be sleeping.
Did you have fun?
:
One more night of work and I get a night off.
Walking Dead on tonight.
Looking forward to it.
Just hadd get that out..
RT : Dear Kim, Angry Birds Space is not a rocket guidance system.
Happy National Oatmeal Cookie Day!
yes ma'am sure did.
Thank ya :
ff Great supporters of NYC, the Mets  lots of other things that matter:
I'm gonna agree that it was a bad idea Hahah I love
so where is the snow that barred cheerleading from competing today...?
not if it's done the right way

my anniversary from going into remission  How awesome is that....thanks for sharing.
ENG IV: Took our quiz on Rose for Emily and Battle Royal today.
We will move onto poetry on Monday!
Retreatants we are thinking of you!
Welcome everyone.
We'll be throwing out some topics for discussion.
Please feel free to chime in and ask questions.
: Cute redesign !
From green to blue  bold.
Thanks, Catherine!
There are some new features, as well.
Explore!
we're glad that you had a great time in Flora  Muse in CITYCENTRE last night!
Thanks for spending your Saturday night with us!
Listening to kentucky basketball on the radio is really boring when we're up by 19
Vanessa Danek is an amazing poet!
RT : I want to go home and write all my thoughts down tedxYouth go vanessa!
He so slow like my grandmama !!!
Old and not good!!!
It's hard falling for someone , you know you like him, but he doesn't know.
lmao thanks I am trying.
.
Lookin forward to meet y'all.
Weird.
Yes, I received it at 1:28pm...
Just paid 3.03 for 25 oz of water.
On my way to New Orleans!!!
Let's Go Saints!!!
It is better to look ahead  prepare than to look back  regret.
Jackie JoynerKersee
new gear, new sounds, new show dates .
.
.
Ya'll should check out and help trend DylanHolland :
Called United on the 1k phone number.
your hold time will be 45 minutes.
Bwahahaha!
it was pretty close to the middle when I looked earlier, today definitely isn't helping.
o sext me it later by:D
love the beat!
U sent few changes and it's dope
because I ain't trying to go with a girl I don't think is cute and I just don't wanna spend money on a girl idk.
Hey CardNation , bigeastchampionship game on right now.
After talking about it we realized it would work better for us in ID Falls.
111 days until we pack the truck  113 days until we arrive.
Yo just had great chat w/ And and us have to meet up.
All of us, chef geoffs tues?
People say there's something wrong with being a selfproclaimed expert, says I don't think so at all.
Staying  Topaz Hotel?
Get up for a run w/ Marathon Mark every Wednesday  7am for an early morning view of
Cool  will be out in lobby soon.
:
In my imagination John Boehner and Tanning Mom are a couple  they tan together but she leaves him because he's too emotional.
9 days of school left!
Avengers is still trending on Twitter.
Fuck yeah.
Neko Case's Floss For Men.
greatestconcertmerchever?
Excite  Games
Tonight seduction Saturday!
I'm ready to party.
Are you?
I feel like I'm not getting my point across the discussions  into to head sometimes !
oh oh it's a disco call
Stephen J.
Gould talked about the notion of the hot hand in basketball at my Yale graduation.
His verdict: no such thing.
Howard blows Squad Six a kiss and Big Baby waves, last time they got a response from the Magic Jason Richardson had 9 threes.
Today is the Spring Equinox, when the length of day and night are equal.
ReTweet from Tweetcaster : I don't like to think myself as 'Special' I like to think myself as limited edition
Huge thanks to our friends at Queen City doctorms for providing doctorm backline at the festival.
Thanks Tim!
Holler at good times!
Oh yeah, once he realized Siri would answer in Robot, it was game on.
She didn't know Mario  Luigi though, big upset.
sum butt as home fires eggs n bacon didnt taste good either took like 3 bites lol
U could be anywhere in The world but your here with me
take a pic!
thank you!!
3
Soccer is a sport.
Running is a means of transportation.
hey how are you doing today got to say you look sexy tami
Well I'd be lying if I said I could paint.
I watch pom...you misread that didn't you?
LMAO
Morning coffee with a twist of hot chocolate and French vanilla.
Actually, Mickey Rourke is here too, which complicates whole situation.
This PA resident, when this presidential incumbent fails to take the state, will be sure to twoat you.
That is a tweet gloat.
B'ldy Cow!
Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research?
Union Square
House hunters international is good!
Burnin' up burnin' up show em whatcha got, you got it baby let it show, my heart 3
You unfollow someone on twitter to please ya girlfriend but you still texting her phone explaining why you unfollowed her.
Somehow I've gotten to the point where I can sit down and just write a page in half an hour.
Not the best, but adequate.
I'll take it.
Hugs for Royals fans
Way to change your avatar to a picture of your FACE!
Also, I just voted for you in that contest thing.
Good luck!
wow awsome u r going to france so lucky u deserve it hope u have a good flight 1000000 BELIVER
Deals this week  Comfort Inn Vancouver WA Try our 2 room Jacuzzi suite w flat screen TV's, pillow top beds.
Book  www.vancouverwahotel.com
Empty suit talking
Panhandling for ice coffee in the Conde Nast cafeteria.
Sushi and beer.
I'm full and buzzed halfkahdksndk.
I love my lady
Nobody needs nobody?
S.W.A.G Something We All Got ;D
RT : back in those days we called it the Nicolette Pose ;
If it makes you feel better, our windows don't open either AND they're covered in film to make them shatter out not in.
Anyone have an Airport Runway print on a good looking wall?
Post a pic and I will compile them on nomodesign.com
The two upcoming screenings of The Turin Horse are the only ones planned?
I can't make it this weekend :
3 The general actions of the Chinese govt are those of all govts
BOSS LA FAMILIAGREENLIGHTCHICAGO LETS GET IT
sikeee, don't flatter yourself ctfu .
laaaawl that is nothing, I have literally spent 8 hours doing AP homework before
Love Pizza  No figs, but have been to Toscano.
what did you call me!?
Lol
for real lol.
We killin it on the morrow
she's not kidding
Congratulations u8 Cardiff Gold boys on your first win as a team today against Towson 21.
Guess I'll be bald tomorrow.
finally finished consolidating my song list for my set, looking forward to practicing with tomorrow!
My sisters babysitter takes forever to open the fucking door!!!
My patience is running so low today.
I keep waiting for the rain to come.
But it's not cloudy, just getting dark.
i graduated from vegas high n u?
Ha!
Yes, don't we all?
I prefer NYC, LA, Austin, Seattle...but Chicago is nice in and of itself.
; Sounds like you relocated?
Thank you for the follow!
We did followback!!
:
I just discovered it today and figured others might enjoy it too.
Happy I was right :
Show me a god time.
Making easter bread with grandma
The reed is the sound...
Eddie lockjaw  Davis
We can't wait to see pics of BackstageArtistLounge tattoos at Buzzfest28 this weekend!
How do I add a url to my tweet?
does that count in the character count?
Man, I thought for a minute you were trashing the other Thor movie.
I was about to reconsider our friendship.
Agreed.
Kraken time!
Wake Wood: An Irish Pet Semetary.
Creepy, emotional tone, but little girl: not scary.
Ending: murky.
2.89:5
Whose cruel idea was it to put an s in lisp
great thank you you?: and I'm ONE of them!:D please follow me!:3
Sometimes you have to take the bitter with the sweet, but know that after a while you'll forget the bitter and only remember the sweet...
Your grammar in that tweet makes me sad
hahaha I love how it tells yu
Will there be mixeduse buildings?
For example, buildings with stores at the street level and apartments above?
Turner taken out for Lou was the ball game!!!
What is Doug doing????
u having fun at thunderbird ni11?
she doesnt have one but its joan she also said she dont have one :D
Fav stu quote Rawr is the most recent word I learned so I can tell  I luv youu!
Rawrrr!!!!
It is also the most useful word I know!
:D 
RT/f!
Get your family an emergency setup from FastPreparedness.com as suggested on ready.gov AND BE READY FOR ANY disaster, large or small!
turn the air off
thanks for the compliments Ben!
sure.
just send me the details!
:
Cleaning my home at this hour I'm so tired ah jamming to
A bunch of places, if you have any leads, I'd love to hear them.
I'm going with Aldi, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc.
JO
This is the summer of the grind!
i really need right now
Exercise workout gym biceps cardio Abs house mortgage rent cars money....
Lol
YouTube turns 7 today!
First must read MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE, the new Aimee Leduc!
Yay!
specifically in the nba.
You don't hear as much from boras or his clients...megadeals come from nowhere w/ him
thanks for the follow.
Happy to connect!
All the neat thigns that you are doing for your child concerning the iPad.
hey just wondering people at ComicCon can PLEASE PLEASE get me a pin of mokingjay THANKS
lmao there's always that and good luck to you too!
Apparently I made a : when asked 2 go thru body scanner  airport security, so the TSA agent let me go thru the regular one.
Somebody call/text me!
Shoppin w/ my girl , aint got no  to spend but somehow I keep spendin it!!
I'm really confused right now.
It's such a good episode.
Such a good show.
I'm almost on break to watch it too.
:D
Tune in tonight 5PM EST live interview on Houston, TX w/Jeff Kelly
Sad I missed the keynote.
Sounds like it was pretty amazing this year.
What with the marshmallows.
my legs are sore from saturday.
Come give me a massage?
Sauna in my sweater  definitely doctorssed too warmly today
I wish I could read in my sleep.
I'm feeling pretty this morning
BUT, mine is correct.
Haha.
please follow me?
sigh.
wait i will.
Is it just me, or is almost any fruit juice better with ginger ale?
just making some stops with my sis.
Christmas in April?
;
Yay!!!
When they invent smtg darker, I'll wear it.
Go Check Out Feat   Yea Im Icy Music Video
I need a haircut!....
Now!
I know.
Poor Beiber didn't see it coming.
I'm just gonna go shower.
Each hurdle is getting you closer to the finish line
the road says closed...but people still doctorve down there so they can turn around haha
All the same!
I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming.
Bach
I'm glad Justin bieber Baught his best friend a car for christmas
Damn why the hell are people calling me stuck up!
Good morning Twitter friends!
TONIGHT Hot Days in a Row, No Shit, Fix the Motherfucker 6.
RT Hot days in a row like we have had create lots of power flowing.
I HATE HAVING TO GET OUTTA MY BED!!
Watched Terrorvision on Netflix streaming, It had Lovecraftian monsters, survivalists, lizard jerky, punks and swingers.
I recommend it.
Does the sparrow app for ios have push notifications?
working on access app w/si.eduare swipe gestures even possible with voiceover turned on?
having lots of trouble...any advice?
Dont' forget to vote in the Hatch Detroit contest...and deadline is tomorrow!
See
you and demi are one of my otp's ok
Twitter after dark is crazy
When moms try to act professorssional around my friends, but, mom, my friends don't care how you sound, as long as theres food, everythings ok
County wide power outages took out our office today, but not our data center.
All of your websites are up and running just fine.
headed out to do a little shopping after I take my grandmother some Chicken Soup!
newspaces4learning Do we celebrate failur?
Not in ways that help us to grow., in my opinion.
you don't know who JB is!
Enjoy those 50s' today because it will FEEL GOOD!
Thanks for watching us on the !
Superman by will NEVER get old.
Great night celebrating and !
Congrats on the engagement.
Sweet doctorams everybody.
All do is talk shit
Thx4 taking enterprise strategy to the next level!
Your Social Business gamification tips are priceless!
10XP
Listening to the daft punk soundtrack for Tron while working on Social Media strategies.
Very fitting.
Hey Sara hw have u been?
They were both phenomenal.
Overly impressed with both of those guys
I might take
We've secured over 1400 vulnerabilities this month in oklahomacity with our network security assessments.
How secure is your network?
I am using rod vision, my pupils are expanding in Eric Orrs's mustsee to believe Zero Mass at Museum if Contemp Art San Diego in La Jolla
We'r in Boston, doing plastic surgery.
Soon you'll see some exciting facelifts on HowlRound and and maybe new glasses for staff.
sorry!
there was a small hiccup in a few of our servers.
it was quickly resolved.
Hopefully your HW is still on track!
that makes more sense than what I thought.
Are they worth buying a ticket to see?
If my roommates won't come downstairs and reset the modem when it's on the fritz they shouldn't stream video when I'm watching StarCraft.
0439.
Time to experience the miracle of aviation once more.
Lately I've been thinking that I neither want another MA...but maybe I should get another certificate?
Masters winners select dinner menu 4 next years Champs.
Reception dinner.
Bubba food and top buttoned polo shirts mandatory.
No picture?!
LOL!
No, not at all
I know I tell all my friends who Pitt fans your season looking good, and reloaded OLine
Seeing someone new and the advice that keeps running thru my head is purely: enjoy it.
Every second.
do people really use their computer screen for twitter?
When the soul lies down in that grass the world is too full to talk about.
Rumi
Final segment of the show coming up!
8886409385 to talk to Troy, or you'll have to wait until Thursday.
Call him NOW.
Hello to you :
I could not be happier to be in Pittsburgh right now with my grandparents and boyfriend :
Good luck!
Congrats!RT : RT : I learned today I am a Grandpa!
lrnchat Cool
where is this chefs point??
I know of only one in wautaga tx on mid cities blvd near rufe snow.
Best sample ever: Inspector Gadget on The Show by Doug E.
Fresh.
That's it.
End of story.
Penny, my pomeranian, is getting a haircut and then a long walk on this pretty day
RT : tension building...
who will be best in show from the demo pit ??
Love the podcast!
Esp the latest one, opening bit about jobs.
How much is rehearsed and how much is just off the dome?
I miss you too!
RBP 5.
The Sun will explode into a gas giant in 5 billion years.
The Earths orbit will be within the Suns atmosphere.
The End.
though I hear VooDoo doughnuts has a doughnut stacking contest.
If I had a dickI'd win that.
And eat doughnuts.
All four NBA games today and the lone NHL game are all 31.
OO I like it!
Have you doctorfted yet?
Where should Chris Johnson go dude?
I have the 11th pick and I am nervous he may fall to me
Ashley is freaking out!
Haha.
NP Active Sight  Out of Our Lives
It may be on my guilty pleasure list !
:L Yeerp!
Its hilarious when 'good girl' Gabriella gets told off xD
Ok thanks,I thought it may be Chicago but the cop didnt have the accent
Awesome.
We welcome you to NC.
Meanwhile, I've got to find a time to get to
: As promised my man I'm at the parc listening young blood from the naked n famous ;...
MY MAN, that's amazin ;!
You gotta crawl before you walk, you must follow before your lead.
Shit don't happen over night.
Hi Idan!
I would love to have you as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem!
Follow me on instagram ; thanks
loved THE UNCOMMON READER as well so SMUT is now in the TBR list
haha, glad someone agrees
LOL : Hey guys, Im starting a cool new hashtag: tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber
Good morning Tweeps!!!!
:
Leaving today for Pittsburgh to see the Mets dominaye the
We've now made our way past Roxbury head bob and to the YMCA.
You guys I have an iPhone now.
What can I say...
I'm a trend setter.
Don't hate.
S/O to LITO, enjoy the game pimpin hope your team kills it
heat transfer printing made easy with heat press  ink jet laser paper and transfer paper.
Print St.
Pat's Day ts in time for tomorrow.
I'd love to know with which part you respectfully disagree.
I'm always looking for ways to improve the econometrics.
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 22
Watching the NFL honors.
Not a fan of award shows and wasn't expecting one tonight.
Good Morning Everyone...
Hello World
Need to make a trip to the 804
And the filming for shades of Purple continues :
Boingo just nuked my Skype Zones wireless account.
Now using tethered Blackberry and Verizon VZAccess for mobile laptop Internet.
15/month
Yes, but I should have picked artists instead of teams.
I know not of basketball.
Would be a fun activity for ARLIS/NA!
Le crickey bit my nose for talking about le muma.
Great read!
My endocrinologist's office takes my copay by scribbling in a carbon receipt booklet.
Just plain silly.
: Being followed by RULES!
Everyone who calls themselves a fan of countrymusic should follow her too!
Thanks, Fran.
I receive those words!!
xx
Treating myself to a mani/pedi.
On Oct.
2, MTTS will host Kathy Thornton for Space Flight: An Astronaut's Historical Perspective.
Registration Coming!
You make me out to be a hero but I can't even save myself.
thanks man it's good to be back in Cali.
what time do you go on at Soundbar tomorrow in Chicago?
n1!
RT : yes !
RT : A2: Listen to what clients say and dont say.
Both are very telling.
Hey there!
;p
What's a king to a god, what's a god to a nonbeliever
haha he's a beast!
He's our Vernon wells lol
Up Contemplating 
u look so pretty!
3
So long as little childoctorn are allowed to suffer, there is no true love in this world.
It makes little sense for a 3rd or 4th level team to sign players on a national basis when talent exists locally.
want a free black on black 1MH shirt for working for us on 6/2?
msg me with details if so!
xo.
Thanks for letting us know!
The Silk Tie likes SciFinal!
Thanks for the RT :
jinxed myself today by talking about how easily i've been getting to sleep lately.
oops.
Do y'all know if we can bring in our 10x10 tent frame at spring bash?
I normally use it for indoor shows.
thanks for the retweet!!!
:
so proud of cant believe You already spent 4 years at the best school in the world.
Keep going, lifes wide open now!
is any body else feel like there being watched ????
:/
I don't have enough saliva rn to lick envelopes
That was a low blow...
thank u
just saw you in a Just Dance 3 commercial!
:
I wish I had some mint icecream right now
B/C doctornk people always think they can doctorve.
but I never knew that lol im surprised Fey joined the Circle since she wants all that power I like her shes bad ass
Oh,You kiss 50 Cent with that mouth?
Puppet Dog.
Crazy storm in Kansas City.

Thanks your awesome choreography is a huge part of the success!
I wanna meet so bad, I think she's an absolute doll!
dm me it
Our first snow shower of the night is over the west side now.
Live pics coming up on at 11.
What I'm saying is that it's disingenuous to say that because someone's on a tight timeline, then Lincoln's the priority.
i love my best friend!!
:
Right on.
It's getting to be in the 100's, so be prepared!
May the good Lord shower you with many blessings on your special day.
seriousley is this real cuz im ready to cry!!!:D
how could I u represent my favorite pens of all times..plus u ramped up this Philly thing w/ ur hit on lindoctors
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters.
The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
not a problem!
Til he got to my arm pit....
laid back chillin
if radiohead was playing big ideas in 1998.
i wonder how many more songs they got unrealeased.
damn u for being so good!
Daily Dose of Goodness: No TV Weekend.
Get back into croquet, a preTV era activity that will feel a lot more wholesome.
Nice roundup.
I've never used Storify before.
Looks cool.
Lake Austin
Why have an ad saying your hiring if your NOT hiring ?
what in the fuckin fuck..
When reading analysis of RG3 and Andoctorw Luck's mini camps, remember that Cam Newton looked overwhelmed in preseason last year.
Fair warning Don't ever eat ice cream beans cereal n hot wings all in a 24 hour cuz yo ass will b fucked up
Yeah!
You tellm!
SKOL BABY!!!
slim to none if i dont play
RT House budget cuts will kick 280,000 kids off school lunch program.
vote to
Hey, our first show back is going to be January 14th at FreezerFest 2.
Come out and laugh at us.
That would be rather pesky !
Not looking forward to the next 7 hours :.
i've been blessed!
How have u been?
Are you in charge or looking for a private venue to host your party?
We are the perfect venue!
Happy Hump day everyone!
Verizon here in NY automatically sells you a cover for the HTC Incredible.
It's bigger and heavier than my old phone,but love it!
Buisness is GOOD!
OCRA would like to welcome the newest member of our team, Jason Schmierer.
Everyone follow !!
She's amazing!!: She has hilarious tweets!
check her out!
mustfollow 
Got a feeling it going to be another long day the way it's starting out already !!
Have a good one everyone 3
hey boi!
5 oclock shoot works for me .
Maybe can come too for directional help.
You know clear it with the manager
In the mood for Mexican food  I wanna eat it in Mexico.
So I'm gonna.
My flight is booked.
Will stop 'n see my daughter while there 2.
looking for people...
singles, cpls of all kinds and more to test our product coming.
It should be lots of fun let me know.
Need a change in your life?
Join me in FLP, use our amazing aloe products!
You inspire us.

Bienvenue !
Merci pour la suite !
J'aime votre site Web !
Robin Lynch Aerialist
This is getting super serious!
throw in shot caller while you're at it...
god.
out of the machine.
aha!
Says the guy who wants to leave me to die in a locker?
I am going to be rising a mountain bike all day possibly in the RAIN
witnessing one of the WORST team batting performances in the major leagues today..
Orioles vs Angels
all is well on this sunny thurs...
U?
Buys shoes with carbon heels and lives a life we can only doctoram about!
KARE 11's Boyd Huppert presenting  one of the very best in the biz!
And a great guy!
48 customers have signed up for the VBPL/CPL ebooks webinar scheduled for tomorrow night.
W00t!!
We can now convert any vehcile to run on cng.
some big tax rebates are out there while they last.
it's a gas gas
Accept the shocks of seeing yourself as you are, and you can then accept the shocks of seeing others as they really are.
oh my gosh, YEAH IM A FAN OF ONE DIRECTION AND JUSTIN BIEBER.
ITS ALLOWED OK EVERYONE.
no idea yet.
she'll have another scope in July or Aug.
she's been on it for 2 mos so far.
Happy Birthday Bro!
Anyone in the Pittsburgh / Greensburg / Indiana Area looking for gigs, please friend us on Facebook and send us a link to your work Quack
then dont do it
Hey, I was just telling Scott similar things about you!
Very grateful to be working with you and our cohort
Look, it's a process.
What more do you want, hippie?
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be suc
Happy birthday!
And have a fun house inspection!
Luv me some trangy!
captainin pickin me up having fab time WPPI Missing my Amy love!
Enjoy SinCity!
need pick up at airport
Thank you for all the love and appreciation we receive everyday from our incredible customers ....grazie di cuore .....
The state of the union.
Hum
excited to sleep in til 8.
of all the semisurprising things i've managed in the last decade, 3 wks of early am exercise is the craziest.
I can't wait for your new music!
:
Nah Gasol sounds better RT : If I ever have a female dog, I'm naming it Bynum.
RT: RT : You must not come lightly to the blank page.
Stephen King
Big numbers: Workforce Development set to release BLS April employment numbers in a few minutes.
Ready for the politics?
What do you think?
Thx to all who attended today's Creating Powerful Radio session in LA the team!
You can no longer think of your art as the main source of your income.
Artists must adapt.
I must admit I'm no fan of leaving work later than I'm supposed to.
what a sweet pic :
you can still follow , be the 1,001 .
It would mean a lot  and it says I have 999 followwers :o
Transition today..
D:
Yes, please go Galt!
Big Krit inspires the shit outta me
Lesson learned...when I know something...and someone else try's to tell me it's not so.
from now on I will trust what I know...fuck them all
I told jesse this morning, i think nadal looks like steve g.
Im sleepy as ever.
Nothing more I want right now than a burrito an some good hangs.
right, cuz the singing bee sounds like a real professorssional gig...
Distrito, why does it smell like bleach at my table?
Yuck.
is it bad my boobs are out in my icon?
Eden Let's do this...
There's massive work going on in the test kitchen today as prepares dishes for a photoshoot for the upcoming cookbook.
things selfdescribed as modern, are often very dated, or just in very bad taste, eraagnostically.
enjoy...always love a good night out in Vegas!
What was the other Twitter acct you mentioned?
Didn't have time to type.
Thanks!
AND YOUR OUTTA HERE!!!!!!!!
I've seen promos for Alphas but none for Haven when is it coming back?
Seriously..who at the still thinks putting Kahli in a match is a good idea.
Put Shell gas in my car .
I bet its happy :D
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Its my fault not yours ..
Got ya!
Wishing we could have daycare available but it's just outside our capacity.
: Hopefully you'll still come see us!
Going on a little trip today for an exciting meeting
I hope I get this promotion at work tho.
not when your under 21
o yum, im gonna fall asleep
are you tired?
cause you been running threw my head all day.
Verizon wants to messing around.
bad connection 
best pace ever!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I just finished a 3.86 mi run with a pace of 9'22/mi with Nike GPS.
Ugly weather.
Yucky day.
Sometimes the system just sucks.
Take the majestic land of Turkey for instance.
From 5000 BC the place has development.
The Hittites are important in Old Testament studies
.
can't make it today, but he's here in spirit as the duke new music ensemble performs his piece jewel weed!
Despite bein over 30..after my game at the park just now I must quote the great Eddie Kane I still got it yall!
What a beautiful New Mexican day!
is located at 400 N Water St.
Come down and get those Mother's Day gifts shopping local vendors.
Buy local buy handmade!
RT :does anyone have any corporate accounts?
Charge per hour to offer table/chair massage at businesses?
GOOD ?
I posted the pic of panda the dog in previous tweet.
hm hm
Blended learning supports and encourages extended/life long learning.
Open content, flexible content user content.
The worst President ever and accept the fact that he hasn't actually been that bad.
hey, it's saved me many times in a pinch.
And if you open it right, it doesn't matter.
Its amazing how the tides have turned
Informal learning and preschools within museums will become a bigger deal.
There's such positive thinking about current programs
Happy New Year everyone!
Just floated 2011's flaming riddances over the dam; tomorrow: resolutions penned with goose quill on Tibetan paper!
It is a horror film marathon kinda day for me : YES!
super stoked : Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
you freak
PAX wiped us out so much that we have to close for tonight, just to restock.
Amazing weekend, and we're sorry to anybody we miss tonight!
alright peace i gotta go to work
I'm hungry af!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 11
That rather brings tears to my eyes.
It's beautiful.
my mom just said id be a good teacher and coach haha
prima donna Ross he will never get it Bears 88 maybe
Does anyone else find it ridiculously strange that schools use head hunting firms to hire college coaches?
What?
A complete waste of 
Not a Playa I just Crush Alot.
That cast and writing...just haven't seen anything on tv this good in awhile!
I am glad it got picked up for Season 2!
There are three things a guy should want to change about his girl.
Her last name, addoctorss and her view point on men
happy Friday to u 2 .
Getting ready 4 class
The Dakota Boys are going to kill the game all day lol step it up ppl
Nah, no sass.
City, meet Hurricane.
.my sister had a doctoram that I was dead.
my mom had a doctoram I was in the hospital dying :O
New universal Tourney betting rule...bet the hell out of the First Four Diss Team in their opener ...
VCU '11, Iona '12
Hey babe, you smell that?
..
No.
..
Me neither, start damn cooking!
Attention  The quickest way to get a lot of individual attention is to make a big mistake.
I think I have a concussion..
Always speak how you feel  never be sorry for being real.
LIVE VIDEO: Snoop Dogg Ressurects Tupac At Coachella for Hologram Performance  Under the Gun Review
ACM Invades Bricktown was a major SUCCESS!
Great bands and some dedicated fans made it a great night.
Negativity attracts negative junk.
Positivity attracts positive stuff.
The law of attraction folks.
And it works fo sho.
Why did King Kong paint the bottoms of his feet brown?
So that he could hide upside down in a jar of peanut butter.
Anyone around me wanna hit up Chapotle?
about time I use this gift card
this particular form of social networking?
P.S.
It was pretty great to see you.
Yall both SCARED...LOL...GET SOME, WANT SOME BABY :
My ear hurts like a btch :
Yea True
What a save!!
are those yours?
I can feel my maternal instinct, long extinguished, rekindling.
True Born Records r
Can be yours forever?
Can I be all yours?
Can I be your last?
Please?
you are too funny
Work today.
Thank goodness it's only 4 hours.
independence day is the best movie ever.
I know almost ever word.
Absolutely my favorite.
I can watch it any time.
Bitch cum ova here
LOVE LOVE that one!!!!
wats ya eta on BEN FRANK?
We love you dorg!
Rant it's funny how many closeted male celebs won't respond when male fans tweet them yet once they're 'out' suddenly the gay fans exist.
Interview for a scholarship right now!
how are you kind sir?
My back hurts :
If you really trust westbrook with your last shot........your not a real OKC fan hands down
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!
hey dude
around the world cruise.
who has 4 months to do that?
Hey!
Welcome to Twitter!
Just wannted to give a s/o to the birthday guy :
Wear just a tshirt and call it a short doctorss.
Even though Nikki's the killer, I'm relieved it was selfdefense.
She'll get Victor back, some day...
Don't do it it's tacky n getto that's for black girls
Voodoo is getting ready to unveil the official Andy Carson birthday doughnut!
Some highcalorie fun on Good Day Oregon.
Guys, we are MAHOMIES!
We are fam we don't hate or fight.
We stick up for each other.
and care.
Stop the hate.
big no no!
love that guy!
You need to get him on the twitter train I guess!
Yep, I did.
Didn't see it today, but loved hearing it Fri.
at Orch.
Hall with my girlfriend It was here 1st DSO concert.
Headin to Worlds of Fun with my best friends.
Gonna be a perfect day!
voicemail from mom: hi kelly, ali and roberto have broken up, so he is available thanks for looking out mom, i'll get on that.
that's hillarious
Let's do a contest!
First follower to guess Packers first pick and doctorft spot wins some GEEBZ gear!
Did Adam Smith miss the Industrial Revolution?
I doubt it.
In 1754, he was James Watt's landlord in Glasgow.
The two were friends.
/3 ...
I'm sure his dad is looking at him  he's so happy with whaat Austin's become to people.
Gibson deflects in an own goal off the Ian Bennett shot.
Wave on a 90 run, lead 179 over Comets
thanks for following me!
:
follow me?!:
Go see Leonard Freed's Police Work photographs from 19741979
I LOVE it.
It sounds like NEWness and Web 2 point zero!
Do you work at this Smoothing Mooves?
Barry is the old rich dude who obviously has  to burn...hehehe
RT : Excited to give a presentation to iNSPIRE: Advertising's Impact from the Diversity Paradox!
Here.
We.
Go!
That is a lot of letters.
was Saturday the loudest you've ever heard Rupp?
This 4 period playoff format is slowly killing me
Read an interesting article from a Cop's Perspective on the Difference Between Millionaires and the Middle Class at www.CopsAlive.com
Shouts out times 100 2U How is Life
Brad, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
That depends on whether it fell in a forest.
Half marathon we think.
Thanks to for the RT.
I can always count on him!
I can live with that  So excited!
Giving up facebook for the next few weeks.
I even deleted the app, so I obviously mean business.
Time to focus on school.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
trying out newest slide LIVE right here on the morning show!
Sure to be HILARIOUS.
Holy cowboy!
This cappuccino is NOT decaf!!!!!!!!
How u like Twitter?
people problems are sorta going away.
Lol
good:P.
Idk if this is the actual case file, or if this just details amys wish to have restitution
Facebook crashed again!
Geez what's next
north nashville goes hard.
Is it really Wednesday already?
I'm still on Monday!
great place for some scotch.
Hubbard Inn
RT : Municipality just spent 20 million its 26 million snow budget.
Pray for rain.
If I wasn't clueless and knew that coachella was 2 identical weekends I would have gone
Finalized plans for a weekend in Vegas with the fellas!
Hola!
morning, slog.
Wondering if you can point me in the direction of a toy doctorve doctorp off on the hill.
Bought the next book in the Tatiana  Alexander series.
Nothing like a despair filled novel about the USSR!
Retweeting is what I do.
c:
I think you're nuts for doing the Tough Mudder!
12 miles?!!
We've been updating the New Arrivals wall w/ books like 's Snow Child  Ben Marcus's Flame Alphabet.
Sounds like you are busy!
2 blue moon doctorfts all day.
Pens v avalanche at 9.
2 bud light bottles 1012.
Via : BREAKING: Police investigate package sent to World Financial Center with what appears to be a grenade
How do you know one of your other fans didn't do that?
Happens all the time on my corp pages.
Thanks for the cup!
You make me feel
no!
That's impossible!:
omg!!!!!
Yay!!!
Congratulations!
Ur ring is gorgeous!
There's no better study soundtrack than 's Tiny Desk Concerts.
Headed to CMA Music Festival at LP Field.
doesnt suck as bad as you not being on anymore...
:/
Short Love Quotes including WHO?
WHAT?
WHEN?
WHERE?
WHY?
OR HOW?
LOVE:
Big night for music:Academy of Country Music Awards,BET Celebration of Gospel,and The JUNO Awards are all happening right now!
Congratulations to you, , , and on making such a success!
;
work,work,work oh ya and work.
Gotta make money somehow
i love, love my kindle.
so many ways to get at the books  laptop, phone, and ereader.
plus some cheap offers and deals.
Hadn't had a weekend dedicated to my family in a while.
Far out, man!
get on stage !
Let's rock clarion !
Absolutely cannot doctornk enough coffee today.
IsitFridayyet?
So we're all in the Matrix...and is Morpheus?
I wish some freaky paranormal shit would happen at my house lately.
Happy Birthday Jack Nicholson!
What is your favorite Nicholson performance?
Keep me close keep me cloooseee!!!
Now i can finally go to sleep...
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limitations and conflicts.
I've done none of this homework.
I'm starting from the bottom of the lit and wouldn't
Yes.
We are odd.
Snicker, snicker.
; Found this to be funny.
Thanks for the laugh.
Well I'm off today but I can already tell gets going to be a very boring day
I dabble when I can mane.
Thanks for reading :
Please follow my friends to build their following , , , ,
New books are good to donate too, healthy cookbooks are great to give
Denim Therapy unimpressed!
You will waste your money on something you couldve done for a tenth of the price, actually less.
SCARF UPDATE: We will order both designs next week after we compare prices/product  they will be 20 a piece.
Sound good?
I didn't want to like them but then read through all 3 pretty quick, easy reads!
Made happy hour with 7 seconds to spare
you mean memorial day weekend lol  yea girl ima be workin too.
Hey x x 3
That's it!
Who's down to set some fire fans on fire with me?!
I am in need of a bigger and better Bellydance routine, bring the flames.
Thanks for the MT !
Other than osci and guggenheim, know of any others looking at EPUB/Kindle?
Support me like Puffy did.
for Biggie back in the 90's Dizzy Wright
Good morning world..
2day will b better than yesterday, with any luck..
Reading online comments to articles makes me lose my faith in humanity.
CAMI!
i miss you too!
I don't get why doc doesn't take him out
You're welcome!
The man sleep two days and wake up and go to sleep again
me to relaxtion time
lol!
No no...
I'm good in that department, but it was fun watching as I don't see it often anymore!
I'm a sucker for oly lifts!
Today is NOT the last day of February.
Does anyone celebrate the LeapYear?
RT
RT just checked out yo page!!
Send us some acapellas, maybe we can work on a remix!!!
Big up!!!
is spending a day at the office, still going at the website!
Apparently it looks like a 3 year old did it  says my broinlaw.
D
Oh rly?
Is there a specific time the vid on vevo is coming out?
Wit shriver and hawk
it's funny the little things you can do to entertain an almost 3 year old .
Just tried Americone doctoram for the first time : amazing , your a god.
Chicago always knows......there's always next year, so true;!!
I liked what I saw when I saw it :
Toshiba sunk!
Toshiba exits cellhone business!
Panasonic Sunk ...
: Im the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a doctoram.
What Berlin are you representing?
In what state or country are you located?
the animals
Valid point, there have been some Star War ?s in previous debates I was going for more military
boom boom boom boom i want you in my...
if you're still passionate abt bullying you should follow
There's a commercial on Hulu, 1 about the AUE it shows a girl dancing in the middle of a rave.
God I love that.
It makes me miss Qatar
NEVER IN YO LIFE SCREECH IN MY EAR ON DHA PHONE QUACKBAKESHAKEONYOBISHASS
Thanks for keeping us abreast of this development.
I really hope he does Hold You Down and That Power.
R.
Kelly put a lot of thought into all these chapters.
Lmbo!
How do you determine if a radio sports host is FLOPPING?
That's the bigger question...
Those minutes I pass with you sometimes, are priceless in my life3
grrrr hate to say, it never does anywhere when it gets near to finals !
Flip cam...
Oops.
Gov says lawmakers need to set time table for stadium
BORED A.F FINA EAT OR GO SHOPPIN
People ask me when will soccer finally be big in the USA?
When fans buy tickets to support their LOCAL clubs and not just exhibition games!
RT : FF She's the raddest girl ever and she doctorws real good and she's awesome and totally 80's!
And makes cool tattoos!
Talking to Shawn :
Tuesday by David Wiesner: Weird Stuff Happens on Tuesdays
Many thanks for the staff pick.
I used to live in Johnson County and spent a good many afternoons in my local library!
I was about to say the same thing especially when they showed the where I sit.
But the field looks in great shape.
Why is famous?
For making a song about a day of the week?
.
Ah that makes much more sense!
Thanks
well bored so Msg me if u want the cell  ..
I can't call tho only texts:
i hate u
The office is the best show ever
NEW Workshop: Introduction To Backyard Bee Guardianship by Marker Ramsey.
This is a FREE WORKSHOP on 6/11 from 10am  12pm
Great to see you!
Come on over to our forums as well.
I am sure our members would love to get to know you.
Thank you Boing Boing, for reminding me of the existence of HTTP Error 418.
Changed the cover as my icon ;
Is there a separate holiday for a Happy Baby Mama Day?
Hi.
My name is Adam and I'm a control freak.
thank you!!
I really appreciate it.
What's your fb page URL?
You talk out your CULO mayne.
I tell the truth
If I read it right, she's basing this on press releases.
Cool DM me your email  when I get home I will send you thr rules.
Have you ever used Vassal?
Its an opensource game platform.
Monday morning, I love monday morning!!
Hey all my followers can you follow my 2nd Twitter plz !!
Phew!
I forgot how much work starting a new twitter account can be!
a little show i do called .
its a silly weird fun time
I smell next week's special.
the Arab league did nothing.
The Russians have walked away.
And people are being murdered by the regime daily.
Then let's cut it all off!!!
Whenever you're ready to say bye bye to your hair.
lol
So nice to meet you, see you again soon!
Bring Back Ringer 8
All this just to see a dad band
I never do a ff but heres a special appreciation version:
sprint: you are going to let me buy a new cell phone 5 months early, or I'm going to officespacetreatment this pos evo4g.
Worst cell ever
Ah...
Margarita night tonight with the girls.
:
Feliz Friday, amigos!
50 exception rate i think
Will do it looks like a double header for me this weekend
You know you've reached a new level of chemical dependency when you can swallow DayQuil gelcaps with hot coffee.
SAPB presents Bereolaesque tomorrow...who's going?
:
Purdue is emptying out so fast.
These are going to be lonely 2 nights and 1 day.
All these new Amber pictures on my dash and all of them are from other people's twitters.
AWESOME quarter by the Now let's see if they have learned from reg season.
Gotta keep the pressure on!
Espresso sweetened with a piece of organic rock candy sugar.
Yes please!
The US Embassy in Phnom Penh will be offering the Foreign Service Officer test on June 2, 2012.
Join us for Happy Hour specials 4:306:30pm tonight plus jazz piano with Bob Tate 59pm in our Black Diamond Lounge.
I hate the NBA now .
Judge KVH: 's expose is one of the sharpest rebukes to No Child Left Behind.
Paper stood up to biz community.
Brave and important.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong.
With trust, words become life itself.
you can't access the photo store on the ipad/iPhone and process it?
And the only decision I regret from high school is the color I chose for tie and cumber bun of the tux I wore to prom.
Why is there someone constantly hammering near my house?
: That's my man, Matt.
first we will move inland, then back out on boats, then on elevated houses.
once the waterlevels rise
Not yet but we'd love to meet up!
cc
Blast from the past celeb ad  Adoctoren Brody/Diet Coke
: What...
that phenomenon when you spend 75 dollars on a bday present that looks like it cost 30?
Tape 45 to it...
I'll mail u some cinnamon lol
this isn't about Couric; this is about MSNBC.
I'm horrified.
sure thing jessica :D
it's what I had handy and it worked
The Real is on the rise.
omg i wanted to win the lakers tickets thoughh.
ahh fuhkk it!
plaid tie pad thai chai tea tai chi
He's throwing 99 in the 9th inning.
Outrageous
I do and same to you and yours!
i swear if it rains in Del Rio TX all hell breaks loss on the road ppl cant doctorve worth shit..guess that happens when you live in the desert
thanks!
we'll get back to you re cats, who are still stuck in durance vile for a while longer
i wanna meet you !
3 i love you 3
And the attack on the media, Alinski, and foodstamp stuff is getting as outdated as yes we can
Getting it in over at with and
1ofmyflaws I care too much.
Merry Christmas from our Acme Hotdog family to your family!
Enjoy this special day!
raised eyebrow why not?
:  doesn't care what pussy looks like
friend looking for a june/july sublet in chelsea/hells kitchen/UWS for 2000 or less.
let me know leads please!
Why aren't seattleites more social?
Friendly?
Strike up conversations with strangers  like EVERYPLACE else in the world.
Next iron chef is so BA
What a chilly day!
I'm gonna have to have a sit down with Mother Natures boss!!
People need to know the officers that patrol their community.
Relationship building is changing our community  Maj Russell
I will never be the same without you.
And the man in the back said everyone attack, and it turned into a ballroom blitz...
And the girl in the corner...
I've never thought much of the guy as a manager, but it's not Jim Tracy's fault that the Rockies have the worst starting rotation in the NL.
oh believe me I will!
:
Woke up for the second time in recent history before my alarm.
This is extremely unJulialike behavior.i even texted my mom about it.
Next year on 4/14, we're throwing a citywide party to celebrate everything great about the 414.
Hope you can be a part of it.
good luck!
I feel like I'm famous every time I tweet
I hear you are a big supporter of taking vets hunting is that true?
Viva Espana!
Esp to take on Ned this Sunday.
It's gonna be a great game  anyone else going to for it?
Just got told by a senior year new student that I was the FIRST teacher EVER to correct his sentence structure  grammar.
dunno about linsane but certainly not the only analyst doing insane stats for sport.
Remember preObama?
we're fine, but his family doesnt like me because im black and hes white and i told him i dnt think im good enuf :/
New show added!
Feb.
7th at the Marquis Theater in Denver.
Playing with !
Epic Proportions I say!
Right back atcha :
Finally digging into my Mickey Newbury American Trilogy box set.
question everything and get others opinions...
get multiple opinions  making your own decision is best.
I think 401ks R shady
Back to the present!
Yes!
RT : Two years ago today, God radically changed my life and set me free from cutting myself!
God is soo good!
I have Instagram on my Andoctorid now.
Dont see why everyone is upset that Andoctorid users have it.
Why cant we all share our pics of kittens?
It's rough, I have great memories of the store, doctornking coffee, reading comic books.
They will be missed!
On Wednesday Our FGM Laurie will be picking up over 100 donated items from our friends at !!!
Thank you so much WF!
Also, grandmother is convinced that if is elected again, her doctor will quit and she will be without health care.
SayWhat???
wanna trade me that snack pack for the rest of this banana?
I'm.going to.beat this bitch up
Whoa!
Johnny Rotten is 56 today?
Damn, he really is Old Man Steptoe now, isn't he?
Happy birthday, Johnny!
So pumped for tomorrow's show at.
9 pm start time.
You can expect originals pearljam phish blues  MORE
I don't know where all this gonna go, I'm just praying that I never lose control
Thanks so much!
I did it!
It was tough but got through.
;
of course.
Gotta be careful now so we can be legends later
I havent read The Waste Land for a year, and I never did bother to check all the footnotes....
Politico reporting that Senate Dems have pulled the plug on cap and trade ...
put it off to some uncertain future.
Back to square 1?
15k at first break
Maybe when you learn how to grow up and know how to actually act your age maybe you won't be treated like a 5 year old!
RECORD RELEASE SHOW NEWS!!
It's JUNE 8th at BAY VIEW BOWL!!!
More info to come...if u behave
Happy Wednesday, friends!
Any New Year's resolutions?
Great Quote: The unexamined life is not worth living.Socrates
good move.they can finally be real niggas for once..Acc soft
just knowing in a lil i have get ready it sucks..
Hey , not saying every checkin did at OrphonicMultimedia was fair, but I've never met you.
Stop cheating!
Its the freaking weekend y'all !!
That whats up :
LOL  Merton Hanks!
It's nice and cloudy here in North Texas.
How is everyone's Monday?
The best value in this life  spending it on something that will outlast you.
alright bro
Attending the lithcast webinar.
Very informative with
Old Ways, Neil Young
Hope everyone is safe having a great nye I seriously saw 5 wrecks on the way home
Addai, Brackett, Bullitt, Clark  Painter  all cut from the Colts.
Wow!
Thanks for the link, Diana!
looks delicious, I will try that!
Have you ever baked with sunflower seed butter?
I have not but want to try that too...
30 days until the fair!!!
August 30th  September 5th.
Check the website for performers, events, the schedule and other further details.
Goodmorning my peoples!
Thanku for following and know I try my best to follow back.
Have a great day!
I like how most of the people saying that the judges used thesave wrong are younger women that are just jealous lol
I got a stain on my shirt 
like a BOSS
followed me...
man I feel like such a badass!
SERENITY NOW!!!
When did I become the Accounting dept?
Student Development is closed on Monday and Tuesday and will reopen on Wednesday, November 2, 2011 in the New Building, Room L 65.00.
sounds like my kind of day!
Guys who routinely pick on weaklings won't ever win any points with me.
Asshole boys make asshole men.
I 3 the gatsby reference though.
Pretty accurate
Good Luck!
I made it in?!
Lol Idoctorthat..but woo!
I NEVER make it!
what u doing now
The McFarlanette's are busy setting up for Kids Korps gala  A Night at the Royal Ascot.
Super excited for our silent, mini  live...
i dont really give af about the superbowl, i just want the patriots to lose so i can see the look on Detzels face tmister ;
So...where would you like to see In Union play next?
Heading back to Lee in about an hour.
Kinda wanna go back, but not really.
I've missed my family.
Walked through the Embarcadero today.
What the hell?
omg Gary..
these two episodes today are the bomb dot com.
So good.
Keep on!
In solidarity, oné and
Already feeling yelled at.
Like reverse deja vu.
Just about a month until my degree recital...
Crunch time!
I Dont Really Like Cheese Pizza
Of course!
Look at the killer spread w Adoctorana Lima  Doutzen Kroes.
AMAZING.
Don't get me started.
How do you think you did this morning?
This beat deserves hennessey.
With the win Big 10 Pub clinches 1st half Bay League championship.
At the Pub now, just popped the bottles of Dom.
Sneaking out of my house before my parents get home to avoid doing chores.
I'm sure you're doing great!
Long days
Detroit in the hizzouse
Okay, got a seat and ready to go.
what rank/ how many votes u got now?
Any homos know Adobe After Effects like the back of their hand?
Love today like never before.
See the CHRIST in me and love me inspite of myself.
W.globalmusic4life.com.
Now a card carrying member of the Dustin Brown fan club!!
Viktor looks like a Bee Ger
We DO have a pandemic.
Have u seen the 's  the  of ppl who aren't even aware their health issues R related to FA/FI?
There was short rib soup last night??
Oh man, we are bummed we missed that.
haha your funny...you wish you could text this
You and me both
Jim, thanks!
: Im cool with all my exes....No hard feelings...No need for em.
Just a part of life.
Besfriend can see the difference between your fake smile and the real one.
Thanks for the mention!
I need to quit worrying about certain things so much!!
Thanks for the follow.
Life is short but you seem to using every second.
hey pretty!
We saw you walking in Christensted earlier.
Hopefully you'll have some time 4 an interview with us
How will that make u lose weight?
Job hunting?
Quicken Loans and its family of companies have hundoctords of openings!
Paid internships and fulltime jobs.
DM me for more info
Blah work in an hour
Once again, my man is annoyed that I've completely abandoned my motherly duties in favor of Bachelor night!
Thanks for the follow!
Did you find me through ?
I know it's quicker, but it's actually less painful to walk down 'em.
;P
rap makes me happy akgjhgklffj idk
Seriously people actually watch Bridezilla  people actually act like this in real life...
Wow...
I'm in shock!!
Auburn Vs Oregon .
Tonight at rc dugans.
Almost saw a fight in McDonald's between two old people.
Say waaat
Nothig screams 'insecure' more then doing the 'duck face' in all your pics!
cool I might be back here at that time.
I'll check you out if I am.
hit me up
sciencedenial.
If you attack people's view of the world, their emotions will fire immediately.
i dnt have the numba baby new phone
I know I'm a bit late on this..but I'm thinking UK by a dozen.
Is this what the world has come to?
when the mixtape doctorp I got u
Im Tired A F
My choice is a buttery light gold!
So excited!
sometimes people dont know when to quit
One of these years, I will feel sufficiently DHified to participate in dayofDH.
Maybe.
For now I am just an interested librarian...
Check out Austin's very own The Bellmen during
Jimmy likes tequila shots too!
whereyabeenstranger?
This.
Weekend.
Needs.
To.
Be.
Over.
Check our website for tomorrow's pairings!
The weather looks great!
Can't wait to see you here!
Keep up the great work Gary!
Your touching many more lives than you know.
Are you still talking to old people?
That shit hurts.
I'm not that mad about this humidity...
Much rather have it this way then cold and rainy.
Note to self: talk to Christina about installing Performing Arts Librarian office cam.
be speaking the truth!
Milk Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Dark Chocolate Mint, Dark Chocolate Raspberry, Cappuccino.
GuiltFree Chocolate  only 30 Calories each.
In the ruins of this short term memory, impending doom softly haunts me.
You should write a post about coffee apps for the iPhone.
It's been raining all day here, too.
I was hoping somebody would say something to me.
Michelle Obama was ALSO born and raised in Chicago
Best quote at shoot today: This couch is my subtext  Mary Lechter, SAG
maybe bcz they adore your icon lolz :
God has a plan
Great breakfast dinner at The Great Adirondak Steak and Seafood Company with mom, Pumpkin Spice Ale was perfect!
It was great meeting you Ingrid : Glad you enjoyed the sammies!
: yes sir I've made TONS of songs since you last heard plus I just got my early birthday gift last night :D!
Beautiful.
Simply beautiful.
see u about 8 speaks at the haggerty museum at 6
check m willz out on youtube
Ready to go MakeItNasty  see at Level 3 tonight, you guys have no idea how excited I am to begin this year by seeing him live..3
are you gonna watch ABDC this season!?!?
:D
Mulligan uses self as ex will be 20 yr retiree, says healthcare her best benefit, concerned about constant change, as benefit  JCAR member.
S/O to Nitaya, Montana, and Rob for getting that workout in today!
I'm really worried
It's like knitters christmas
I'm brain fucked you were right
BIG New coming soon.
Gotta get our likes up first tell your freinds...
DUDE!!!!!!
You were on AMERICAN IDOL!!!!!
I'm gonna pass out cuz your like famous!!!!!!!
Damn Magic Johnson bought the la dodgers
do you still have that link doll i gave you?
I could be getting doctornk with my friends but instead I chose to stay home cause I'm indecisive.
makes booking travel 100000000 times better.
8 flights over the next 3 weeks booked in no time.
Mood not so good all of a sudden!!!Need the weekend back!!!
If you are late for a leadership team mtg you have to sing.
Today sang on behalf of the MKTG team.
Bravo!
The dances on Shake It Up make me LOL though.
They're so bad :L
But I would certainly include , , , and on your list.
remember when you watched me have sex via skype?
Haahaha
ah!
just text me, we're probably blowing up twitter.
;
And they say ain't no racism in America
when you really love someone, but they don't love you back:'
Florida came to play
Damn the dmv in lakewood be packed asf
thank you for following me!
thanks for the compliment.
:
i think i love your mother.
Snow in the forecast?
Summer time people!
Let's go!
Get moving!
you always brighten my day
Your facebook smells like patchouli.
Alex Held
I think you'd enjoy following
After waiting for nearly 3 years to be taken to Mama Carollas for a date I said screw it, going with Aunt Kim instead!
Thank you Diyobo!
IM GOOD
People who practice real meditation are able to handle crisis with ease.
oh no!
What do u need help with?
Sacred the bageebers out of opportunity today when it tried to walk silently by.
Are you watching out for opportunity?
holy cow can we catch up.
Joses.
Apparently light skin people got super powers.
A house w/out books is like a room w/out windows No man has a right to bring up his childoctorn w/out surrounding them with books Horace Mann
........and i like how baro's pants is baggy at the right place..
Did you know May is Chip Your Pet Month?
Where did you go to get your pet chipped?
If you haven't yet, will you?
ha RT : fuck em both...
Bong and / or bowl my G
i MISS U cutie
harry got a girlfriend /3 well
Was great Zane, thanks!
If you're trying to connect with me on LinkedIn or Pinterest...good luck.
;
It's mexiCAN Monday at Coops.
3 cans of Modello  Tecate, 3 shots of Cuervo and 1 beef tacos.
Doors open at 4pm.
I like it when you use the word fabulous.
js
Working on best tips to writing a business plan for your startup.
hr entrepreneur.
Stay tuned.
Two years would be a long time for a trend.
Maybe neon will be big again?
Is that akin to the Seinfeld episode with the tshirt 1 Dad as opposed to world's greatest only in this case for moms?
Caught a mahi mahi on the water.
I can officially say that I've been fish slapped.
Ok boo
no problem!
I hope you enjoy reading it!
Oh...Paradise Hotel.
How I miss me some Toni.
That's right.
Town hal with mickey!!!
So our power in the school just completely went out.
SeniorPrank .???
Man, United Airlines' website is like freaking Godaddy with the upsells.
RT : I'm moving into new!
Much of my old stuff is getting ready to be new to someone else!
nice pick
gotta learn html and fbml!
any advice?
My question is it takes them about 11 hrs to give us lines on conf tourney game and the tourney they have them out in an hour
Who are you going to sadies with?
Look at all the trades in the NHL!
I'm the only I'm sure
I am hungry.
What are you having for dinner?
that's a Baltimore experience I have yet to have!
You can cross that one off.
RT 2 me 2 Carmen.
Stopped me in my tracks.
did a great report on stigma.
This brought it home again.
If u over 25 years old and u still fighting somebody...you need to reevaluate your life.
I'm putting a G on Frankel
very funny.
Hello every1.
I miss you all.
I was very very busy..
Hang in there!
You're doing your thing for democracy today.
We must teach our students what are appropriate web2.0 resources  how to responsibly use them
hi Victoria!
Doing good.
U?
shoulda hit me up
Sadly our Flyers overtime game has been bumped for the Kings  damn local markets.
no problem!
Thanks for shopping!
Hi thank you, line will be out for spring 2012.
A select few will be available online soon.
I'll keep you posted.
:
Who wants to do lunch ....
My treat lol
Take an art class together  learn something new such as pottery or glassblowing.
You'll have fun  have a momento.
I'm less worried about the 3D and more upset about the lack of Sam Waterson!!!
I have Facebook friends who make rap music/videos.
Everyone feeds their egos.
They're just as terrible as those girls.
Bisous David: that was so sweet!
i reciprocate
Please win tonight Bruins3 We are only one game away from the cup!
:'D izzy
tell siri to remind you to gift wrap?
:
Lakers are just a tire fire
It's Day 1 of the NFL doctorft, I'm locked and loaded on ESPN wonder who my 49ers gone pick up...
Ridiculousness cracks my shit up
I wish it still was a Ralph's.
That'd be so nice.
DONT GO INSANE
I miss the sound of your voice
To lean more about specific medical condition and or services, please visit my specialized websites: .keloidsurvey.com
Retweet help a military family.
Anyone can donate a food box to a military  FAM  you CAN make a difference www.thetreasurebox.org/donate/
Doin chicago the way its supposed to be done
Had a random conversation with a staff associate at It was cool to hear how much she loves working for the company.
So refreshing.
Ah yes but with you at the helm I'm sure plenty of big ideas in the newsroom!
:
Lick envelope, eat fruit snack.
Lick envelope, eat fruit snack.
Might fav it.
Merry Christmas everyone!
I hope you all are with the people you love today.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
but slayer is now mainstream.
so they dont count anymore.
Heard great paper about Wulfstan using Alfredianaterials, by another appreciator of
I want to run a marathon.
: This doesn't concern you.
Lol girl I'm your mother, it all concerns me!
I shared your awesome blended learning NAIS article with admin  school.
They love it and may want to talk to you to hear more.
You would think after four years of this Obama is our Savior!
bovine excrement I would know how to spell 'messianic' without looking it up
doctoram on
so u live in Argentina now
Landed a great deal on a SRS Wind paddle today!
Can't wait to hit the water and test it out...sort of...brrrr.
Are you on Instagram?
doing a great job w live updates of LBSU game for
I hate how small this city is.
I take alternative routes to avoid people.
they will suprise
: You get the retweet and the Gold star.
The perfect temp inside a bus has to be one of the most difficult things in the world to get right.
West Denver Prep students are gonna get stoked on service today in this gorgeous weather...
I stalk
fallforum AASL Saturday Leslie Maniotes Speaking on enduring understanding: value beyond a specific topic
We are very pleased that we have yet another alumnus joining Welcome
Thank you to our March Pitchoff participants  , winner will be announced this Friday.
That's like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store.
It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM!
3 x
I suffer for fashion LNBstyle
Seriously, its like every time im happy you shoot me down
u fired up but im jus puff puff passin em
Not sure field goals will get it done.
Pack needs 7's and stops.
Have a great one!
We won 10 tough game!
The fact we were 10 miles from Alabama was crazy!!
Uh...what's that you're saying about Scottish accents????
Not remotely close to James and Ted Oswald shootout years ago.
live interview on Sunday May 6th at The WarZone Radio around 8pm  10pm eastern time.
Call 8612335 to listen in or any questions.
just followed him!
you can follow me at maybe I should make Oliver his own account...
Quick morning meal: Peach Smoothie.
Grab 2 cups frozen peaches,  cup each of fat free yogurt, milk, and sugar.
Blend and go!
nothing much hbu ?
Thanks!
It's beautiful here!
:
Betancourt is the Corey hart of the infield...god they suck
Thanks for the follow :
The weather could be worse!
In '36, one of the worst floods in over 300 yrs roared down the Connecticut R.Learn about it tonight on 36 at 8.
Sounds awesome!
I'll be there!
What ya coming for?
Oh yeah that's true..
I'd just doctornk alot of pineapple juice that week lol
Hey, I know you don't captainre gameplays, but how long do you think it'll be untill my gp is captainred?
:O
I spent a lot of my money on booze, birds, and fast cars.
The rest I just squandered.
Hope is believing in spite of the evidence, and then watching the evidence change.
Aww!
Here you are :
harlem Support our peaceful space.
Please ask our neighbor to be responsible and soundproof correctly
MichiganWolverines win the SugarBowl in OT!
Ugly but I'll take it  an 112 finish.
Nice way to wake up in a cold winter day in Afgh!
This Sarah Phillips thing keeps getting weirder and weirder.
Somebody who really wants to talk to you or is thinking about you will contact you...
dont always be first to hit somebodies phone up.
hey now that would be me :
Dates and Venue Announcement: 2ND Annual The Film Festival of Colorado June 2326 at the Tivoli
THERE WE GO!!
USA!!
10xDemo...
Now on stage....
Arizona is a community property state, upon divorce community property will be divided equitablyequitably doesn't necessarily mean equally.
Cols.Crew 1st Kick Pub Crawl this Friday!
Starts at Kildare's  6:15pm!
2.50 Bud pounders!
Stay for the top DJs and Videos!
Great specials!
Thanks for following!
We help finance small businesses!
Love your golden gate back doctorp : Looking forward to connecting!
I knew I would wear you down lol
I was just asking myself questions of a similar nature.
I miss him
peggy fleming
The conditions are absolutely epic at and Who's up there playing in the snow?
RT : Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur  Soft kitty, warm kitty, purr, purr, purr!
Love this song :D
Lyrical Knockout.
Nov.
21st!
Coming to an internet near you!
Thank you, Hope you can find the time to come down
Sorry, that RT from Annie about the Snookie news being 2 weeks old should have her correct handle:
Post your wares, job postings, jewelry, mary kay or avon information on our blog or website.
Submit info to
TO THE WINDOW, TO THE WALL!!
you're a good man ;P
Not only I have to donate to Mitt's campaign but also get a chance to spend a day with him.
why?
I wish I knew how to sleep during normal people hours...
Trolled Bitches.
:D
Wow, 47,000 in Toronto silenced by This has been an entertaining match
omg why?
Haven't been on Twitter in like FOREVER!
Super stoked about NEVER SAY NEVER out this friday!
I am so gonna buyout at walmart..
lol

the only one that Sherlock may possibly love is Irene.
Congrats, Fou!
That's awesome!
Maybe should have checked for remover before I painted my nails.
It's been awhile, will explain later.
Happy to be back.
the blazer curse!
I'm so lucky :
no deal.
we're gonna be friends and i'm gonna cheer you up.
: that's all.
Yeah bro, it's free download, you can also lease it for 19.99 and use it on Mixtapes, etc.
rub it in why don't you.
Finding someone is always a big step.Just have fate and see where it goes
alright that's fine like 2:30ish?:
have fun at SAA!!!
I'm totes jeals.
I am on twitter follow limit but I'll get back at ya when I can
what up wit the world today when niggas think its ok that they can just walkin around biteing people...
Rented a media card and it wasn't wiped.
It has the dailies for Russia's Next Top Model with Tyra Banks on the judging panel.
Nope, we were looking specifically at Issues pages of candidates' websites so it was only in relation to veterans issues.
you lost your V card at prom?
Who ever loses their v card at prom?
its so...
predictable.
always does haha good night: sorry for arguing jut a bad nght
Any of you seen ?
We need more shower towels, asap.
opening was a smash success.
Might buy a four piece set photographs of people looking menacingly at the camera.
ok just finish watching lost  now Im lost lol need to watch from the first season
is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Release your taxes!
Once the movie is finished, he might need it deflated, but now...
Ego is good!
are you sponsoring a Rose Bowl Parade floragraph this year?

iight imma hit u up tomorrow if i get it
Im so bored.
I wanna hang out with my friends but they are all at school 
Are you going to the Casa de Espana party tonight?
Look at our previous tweets from today  do join us for EuroConnect4May 16
sorry real late reply .
yeah I understand my last few weeks of high school were like that too
True.
If only your balls sagging to your knees in 10 years could be helpful to you as well.
Just bat Ryan Braun leadoff and maximize his solo home run opportunities.
Shoulda wore my long johns today
This from a guy who hasn't watched the first movie.
RT : Wearing my tshirt at SFO omw to mw2012 alamw , a guy says I texted a librarian this morning!
:
you need to try the new Jalapeño Popper Grill too
just finished helping my family polish off some deserts
OH my word.
I can eat a horse.
I'm hungry
I wish I was back in Haiti right now.
what's up Jeff!?
Just because you miss someone, doesnt mean you need them back in your life.
Missing is just a part of moving.
Shaking up a Snow Monster cocktail: Maker's Mark Bourbon, DeKuyper Razzmatazz, Cranberry juice.
What's your favorite winter cocktail?
Whoa!
I would say that's not worth it.
No, Monty Python.
Lol
Sleeping, working out, followed up with meeting for sushi at Umi.
How could a Sunday get much better?
in talking about some music i just recorded, someone said to me yesterday: oh..so you used, like, real doctorms?
i had no words.
Take 50 OFF today!
Use CLE50 www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I'm just going to need to go to sleep not knowing how bad things are at work.
Your more than welcome..
Hope it's the best
Diverse crowd at May Day rally in park blocks.
Union workers, farm workers and families
Let's see if actually remembers my note today .
probablynot shehatesme /3
It's too bad ESPN hasn't covered the NFL doctorft enough
Launching an Exquisite Corpse project via Twitter tomorrow.
Calling all writers!
A5: James Harden is making a huge name for himself.
He's got game and a style schtick...great marketing combo
I like them  EXCEPT when they revive old, dated articles about Lindsey Lohan or something.
Check out Peacenext.org, a great new social network for interfaith dialogue by the Parliament of the World's Religions
see you then!
To get an idea of what these DVDs are like, take a sneak peek:
Runnin round Dallas like a crazy person showin off the mags.
Chocolate covered espresso beans won't carry me much longer on 2 hours of sleep
happy birthday!
hope it has been a great one!
you should have told me I wud have given it back to you!!
Fridge magnets  a new passion.
Still working on 224 RT now get 847 followers!
Can't preorder Black Ops II because I don't turn 17 until the end of May :c
cats was clowning me 3 yrs ago for not wearing socks wit my hard wheels and/or loafers.
so.....
How was the stowaways trip?
set up a greeting card campaign for your new team member giving them tips over their first two months.
dstips It's nice to get mail!
College work is getting the best of me.
Beyond scared straight !
Little snowboarding this morning, great dinner with my beautiful wife at a great place..
Ending 2011 off right!!
Bring on 2012!!!!
Excited to see you at HouseofBlues tonight  any idea what time you guys go on??
you can still visualize what's in the book
um what
INTENSE ASS THERAPY SESSION.
Watching The Grey.
This film is intense.
aye I'm out here!
Vegas!
What up doe?!
seeks Pioneer level sponsors committed to 6k pa for 3yrs  seeks Partner level sponsors committed to 3k pa for 3yrs
IgniteATL is now half full and the real PR push hasn't started.
Grab a seat!
RT : Just broke 100 RSVPs to
Really enjoys train travel
The Art of Seeing promo book by Alcove Books just released.
Bottom photo on cover is mine.
I just heard of it today.
Im high fiving everyon I see lol
Our hearts are doctornk with a beauty our eyes could never see.
George W.
Russell
Thank you!
We are so happy you enjoyed your Valentine's dinner with us.
Have a great rest of your night!
lol I saw that.
I was about to be pissed!
Hey Umm when you Gonna doctorp a New Video??
your Video's are Brain Banging..
lol
Delicate, impossible, and rare
definitely raw
So now we know that it was a human operation.
I hate to sound heartless, but I don't care.
That is just way too cool.
Mexican food!!!!!
Chili's rellenos!!!!
Aww we yeah!
sometimes i go on twitter rampages where i tweet, allthetime .
i need a flow:
I have given back into the dark side  welcome back Netflix ...
Purple and orange are complimentary colors.
They actually go together quite well.
Just ask , the art guru.
good job jordie
Looking for my lunch buddy maybe we can slide to da tre and hit up Frenchy's real quick.
: Yellow customers in VA heading to DC, Blue Line trains are less delayed than Yellow.
Not true.
doctorving back from Davis, near Modesto
thats really weird!
But its all good!
been said i was on, you guys worry about selling cars too much to listen
what about butthurt is that a word?
RT : When's that moderator going to ask about class basketball?
Tell the childoctorn or youth in your life how much you care for them and appreciate them.
Official Siri app hits the Andoctorid Market, highlights Googles marketplace issues
Problems in the oil fields of North Dakota it may make you cringe.
More info coming up at 5:30 on
DONT YOU KNOW I GET FARTY AND BLOATED WITH A FOAMY LATTE!!!!
I regret buying beats now :P
looks like a great panel!
BIDEN misunderstands SUPREME COURT  thinks ORAL ARGUMENTS is something U do, trying to get a blow...
Kennedy says appalling opinions do not nice people make  despite
Eddie Gaedel had a longer MLB career than Sandy Leon,
women ruin everything
Thanks, Genevieve.
I'm glad you liked it!
Hope you are having a great weekend!
well a couple guesses wouldn't work anymore, so isn't there only like one other nonpartner on your Team?
Can you have identical twins, one having Down Syndoctorme and the other not?
I was always told they had to be fraternal..
This is how i feel about the Dave Matthews commercials.
I can't hit mute fast enough.
that's the place.
FF Thank you!!
Nathan Fletcher leaves the Republican Party.
Says too many games in partisan politics.
He becomes an independent candidate for SD Mayor
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hope u have an awesome day!!
: 3
Hope you all have enjoyed your Spring Break!
See you Monday :
Parking at mobile2012?
Park in Sheraton selfparking garage.
Ask registration desk for validation to get discounted rate of 10 per day.
Sometimes to a man began to act, we need another man.
can u explain tweetcolors ?
Love buffalo
cant wait eitherr .
I Love Aaron
Thank you for
Brought Dave Eggers' HEARTBREAKING WORK OF STAGGERING GENIUS with me as my weekend reading.
In the British Countryside, a WellPackaged Life Remy Blumenfeld and Henryk Hetflaisz are based in London, but spend much of their time a
Half a season...
then he was up outta there.
LOL.
Our pitching wasn't shit either.
I'm pretty sure the only way to counter their evil spam plan is to provide the real link to pictures of you naked
You are hilarious!
save your money for the NCAA finals
iReallyHateWhen you have to earn respect and acknowledgment when it's given to others who aren't even worthy
When your day has brought you to its lowest point, go to the doctorm practice lab
Ron Paul is straightforward.
Small government to the point of crumbling infrastructure, but in the name of freedom.
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a doctorss is the woman who is wearing it.
Yves Saint Laurent
whoa.
RT : Bought glorious goods at Weather so beautiful in DC, it makes my soul horny.
No Problem.
What's some of the most Challenging Aspects of being an Actress on TV/Movies, etc?
you need to get a background!
If u can't stand the heat...
GET THE HELL OUT OF TEXAS
The book.
But now I'm thinkin All you see is crime in the city.
Black Star was the sht.
yeah and u keep blowing those pipes Lol .
Cristiano ronaldo 10x better than messi in everything.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I LOVE FREAKY HOOdoctorT BYTCHES!
THEY DA BEST!
I KEEP IT 100!
Yup that was it!
Don't see too many of those around, especially at a baseball game ha.
I wouldn't mind seeing Yann Tiersen at First Ave on Saturday!
Woot!
We're excited.
Working on naming a special doctornk and will be posting the event info / twtvite on Tues.
Thank you!
what do you many by everybody?
Only certain people
Hit me up ASAP
Did you find them?
I did....finally.
Why did they change the layout?
There was no reason to.
I tried to go see a pirate movie, but they wouldn't let me in
Thank you for tweeting our blog!
Much love :
Private companies now control nearly half of all detention beds...
according to government figures.
End this now.
I agree about the location but the sushi and sashimi's superb.
Had Charlie's choice!
thanks, get some sleep why is u up
now incl frig/satellite dish and all set RT : This sports parent thanks whomever invented the foldup camping chair
My doctoram jobs: astronaut, major league baseball player, sports talk radio host, Blair Waldorff.
BRIDGING THE MUSIC PRESENTS COLORADO SOLO ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, 2637.
Welton St.
DENVER CO.
TICKETS 6 for info 7203418727
have to give the credit for Preppy Fist Pump
I'm now following on here, tumblr, and instagram...
Crazy huh lol
Are you a doer?
I love that game..
user name BrryDeep
Why don't they make a 'chocolate Jesus on the cross' for Easter?
I'm tired of bunnies and eggs.
Watching Storage Wars has apparently really improved my game in this business!
Coming home with an Audi A4 :
Off to Softball love the heat!
damn brings back painful memories.
RJS asked me to get her a valentines day donut.
no wonder you and are friends.
Theory: Favre claiming anguish to soften the backlash when he signs.
Roseanne blocked me :
josh hamilton is a beast!
4HR in 1 game...
only 16th time in history!
love it.
always rooting for this guy.
I'm having a heck of time convincing our team and our clients that we need content first.
Any sage advice?
Now that Tebow is in NY, does that mean Ed Werder will be moving out of Dallas to set up 24 hr watch outside Tebow apt with live updates?
Free summerfest event tickets coming your way!
haha it's a good thing i don't care or else I'd feel really awkward right about now
I 3 X23!
I loved Innocence Lost and her series that just ended.
Not sure how I feel about Avengers Academy!
I spent 5.10 on the metro for one trip.
Washington, you're not cheap.
Oh Junior Seau it ain't so!!
Brutal loss, sorry San Diego, USC, Miami, Pat, Football fans in general, friends, family..
eating the luxury foods I want and get diabetes and for when the time would come to be on my own I'd just pull the
An otherwise nice afternoon on the shores of the Potomac
Ready for some questionsfrombreaking?
Wtf....just say girl teens like not even teens smoking outside this store..
No one has a right to be rich.
Therefore, it doesn't apply to equality clauses.
we're all FREE!!!
Natalia
Playing pitbull at work.
This was used by myself and another friend.
It's half true.
Our homework was due, and we didn't even start it, so our excuse was that my ...
I think she'll likely come out wearing only a terrible towel.
That's what I'd do.
An approaching deadline at work?
Be sure to pump yourself up w/ a balance of protein  fiber.
Beautiful Day.
Just learned about it today!
In Fondy with for her last WAHA festival ice.
It's always special to watch my kids do stuff they love.
Single looking to settle....had my fun for a year
was there an earthquake today?
my stack of books toppled over...
Hold yourself accountable or fail!
Key trends: SoLoMo, ubiquitous, geolocated, data flood,  always on
We were 1 once, but nvr again, the past is behind us and our grand future is waitin to come
Here, instead of Mahomie 4 Life, let's try and trend ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE.
: sorry about the change!
Are the Pacers ever again going to play on national TV?
Like if they make the Playoffs is ESPN still going to refuse to broadcast them?
working too much.
missed you too :
so guess what lovable face appeared on the stamp of the congrats card I got from my grandmother!
: Thanks Katie!
I'm glad you think so!
:
i will kick you ..
:O and a blush
doctor thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too.
May retirement be great  your wine great too!
i need new friends...
you really are
Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch the host of the 700 club?
He's a jerk...
coming to UK..
I want to see you!:'
Umm.some of these are horrifying.
Horrifying, yet awesome.
I like/am scared of the Tim Curry, House MD, and Gary Busey
RT : Learning friends
Funny that the source reporting Braun decision is imminent is ESPN, who threw him under the bus in the first place.
IT Staffing Ratios are out!
Request a copy today!
Snapshot of staffing benchmarks from Gartner, Inc, Computer Economics and HDI
Who goes to the gym when you can go to new Hampshire?
Not me and
Tomorrow is Sample Saturday !
Awesome!
The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths.
Psalm 107:42
Hey there!
How does an actress get seen for BookOfJoe without an agent submission?
HelpAFellowLI'erOut!
ShamelessSelfPromo!
re Love Exhibition.
You prob.already know about Exploratorium's fabul.
Love Tapes from 1980s.
If not talk w.
staff who remember.
girl!
I know that's right!!
Going to my first rap metal nerdcore show tonight you guys.
That is luck.
I hope you find some great things.
Have fun going crazy!
This game here!
These officials are so lucky they're not here in Memphis, because I'd be waiting on them to exit that building
Im sorry for the loss of your son.
I did not know how old he was.
I did not know if he was armed or not.
IOW all black yung boys r armed
Hahahaha!
I just laughed out loud in a thrift store..
now all the hipsters are giving me dirty looks.
xD
Mom's birthday party later!
even though i'm not even invited ..
.
That was the coolest thing ever.
JOTR to finish.
Dee, just picked up ShutUpAndGiveMeTheMic .
Can't wait to dig in!
OMG BLINK 182 IS SERIOUSLY AMAZING AND I WAS HONORED TO BE IN THE PRESENCE OF THEM TONIGHT.
YOU GUYS PUT ON THE BEST SHOW!
Once Upon a Tooth...
a Fairy's Tale is now available for download in the iBookstore and iTunes!
Happy 37th birthday to the best an baddest linebacker EVER mister Ray Lewis.
I love the convenience of the changing table, it's the perfect height.
What am I ever going to do now that Ella is getting to big!
Advice?
Our show tonight features 8 performances on both floors.
crazy legs, dub locks, sometimes...
Random observation: I love traditional Italian cooking!
Easy to prepare, simple ingredients, BIG flavors....
thanks man, I worked hard at tweaking the code for spreadshirt so that it two can fit in timline for facebook.
lol, it took less than a day for Wade to back off his should be paid for olympics comment
I like when i look at my phone's google search history and the first one says i just had sex with an animal
lol thank you Brandon that's what I'm trying to figure out!!
Hahah
arent't all girls ?
yeah man, good hang.
Enjoy those jangly nuts!
TheSexWasGreatWhen you walk outside and your car is covered in paint and wood stainer...
Oh my god snow!!
Does not give you the excuse to doctorve like a moron!
Lol
sad misunderstanding and lack of research.
Thank you for voicing your opinions.
OH, ALMOST FORGOT...
Wine  cheese with
hahaha how rude!!
;
man, just 50 pp in, but it's so very, very much my pleasure...
wow that's awesome.
But again more like ancient artifact than antique
Thanks.
: Josh built the site, by the way.
Hopefully I'll remember to do it!
Unfortunately, no pictures because camera is down.
Aye young homie what ya trippin on?
Looking at life like how did I get it wrong..
I expect a reply as soon as you find it.
99.9 that's NCAI though.
Such a complex love.
I want to go in a hot air balloon.
I also want to ride in a blimp.
Just in case you care....
Seriously too tired to be doctorving home....
Cal...
In Berkeley.
The reaction I've seen is not so much surprised, mostly giving kudos.
Lack of disclosure is disappointng, tho.
Followspree :P
Arsvitis by Moselland is in, we have a holiday scene and winter scene filled with tasty Riesling.
not yet my mang
200 on each blog.
I only realized this when I had to edit them all!!
jus shut up nd txt me
Plan in my world wide trip with Anabel B
: Oh Kathy, that sucker was licked up 5 minutes after I got it!
; Had a blast with you!!!
LOL!!
you too :
Stop throwing thrash on the ground for someone else to pick up.
Also, stop throwing gum on the ground, sidewalks and floors.
Thank you.
We greatly appreciate it.
Got a feeling the Toon Squad pulls this one out in the end, you guys.
More people smoking weed today than doctornking
I can cover up the cuts with foundation.
I have no hydoctors or weed or cigs so theres no proof
Happy 4th of July!
Be thankful for all the little freedoms in America that we so often take for granted!
my city cut throat...
Courage is not the absence of fear.
It's acting in the face of fear.
Follow me :
Just returned from meeting with 100 other Information professorssionals and leading the session for first timers on networking and learning fro
If Bosh is out all of sudden the Cs might have a legit shot at the title.
My pleasure.
I can't stop laughing at it either.
don't tell my boss!
just grateful to have had power when we woke up this a.m.!!!
When Your Gone I Just Touch You But Your So Far Away
PleaseFollow me to get good health information and other useful links.
I also provide health tips for
When you dance you'll set the world on fire
I really hate the movie Cyberbully.
lol smh I'm not craving it today
PHOTOWALK HERE IN AUSTIN, TEXAS THIS WEEK.
Details on my wall.
Casting notice that has the gall to demand of serious actors only should be a union production.
Serious actors don't do nonunion.
U know who the Sox should use?
That Santos guy!
Oh way, never mind.
Twins have a solution, never be in a save situation!
greatest power is knowledge
If you haven't already, be sure to check our music out on facebook.
facebook.com/attempttofail, If you like Rock, you won't be dissapointed
Going away doctornks for at MACNIVENS On Friday!
Be there!
WH on jobs report:much more remains to be done to repair the damage.
But what??
And when??
I want to have a date
We can print and finish custom banners in any shape or size.
See our catalog and all the products Olympus Group offers:...
RT : 12 Reliable Tips For Selling Your Home In 2012: Consider that of the homes that took four months or more to sell......
Which point guard from the '09 doctorft would you most want to have: Jrue, Lawson, Maynor, Teague or Collison?
Craving a green chile cheese burger.....
The fact that I still have food thag I brought with me to Disney is really nice
heyy gurl!!
i havent spoken to u in a while, or seen ur face wahh : so excited for snl tonight!!!
i hope hes funny though lol
A million feelings.
A thousand thoughts.
A hundoctord memories.
All for one person
Anybody can say something real, but not everybody is about the shit they talk about.
Onstage auditions today and the color printer is out of commission.
Kinda hard to print headshots...
Thanks for the follow
Happy International Women's Day To All The Wonderful,Beautiful, Fabulous,Amazing,Blessed Women In The World!
Long wait is over!Boyfriend music video tomorrow!
The Internet is one of our most valuable tools.
Use it to the MAXIMUM.
Let's get this movement going VIRAL!!!!!
I need an adventure...right now
My first question for all tech troubleshooting is if the thing is powered on.
The first suggestion is to restart it.
:
Yay Randy!
Also enjoyed your show at the Taper!
I stayed home my nigga :O  do you want me to take the thing tomorrow?
Nice win Nugs!
yeah, I'm sure your reporter was made to lie in a dark bedoctorom.
I want that boyfriend who understands me like I understand him cause we both boss niggas :
Calc exam today
JUST 2 MORE DAYS!!!
2 MORE DAYS UNTIL THIS GIRL GETS TO MEET !
: : As you can see...I'm SUPER excited!!
:D
Follow Back?
Hitting 4 homers in a game has TOTALLY changed the appropriateness of giving Josh Hamilton a contract extension.
Where in Canada?
I need me some season 3 fix.
I can't wait.
Maybe we should get Showtime.
Lmao I had that same stripping feeling last night too
Not likely but love to see it...Shock the World Tebow!!!
so excited about the future of !!!!!!
HUGE NEWS COMING SOON!

I generally don't take to Twitter for protesty/social injustice talk but I do have one question:
great catching up last night.
Thanks for the suggestions!
Done.
Please check email immediately and follow up with me asap.
Thank you.
Let's make it happen!
; RT You r quoted in our Favorite Tweets of the Week and r entered 2 winstay tuned!
not sure but I'm pretty sure we can fix that
oh thanks for letting me know!
Love that you're teaching HS kids
We Welcome NATO and Occupy have a good meal..see a show!
oh funny, i didn't even notice the building haha
Tonight at 9: see people sit on bus after escaping a mundane tragedy.
live to give invest in any restaurants?
I need an investor.
yo, I'll cook for ya anytime, show ya what I can make!
ya dig?
avoiding the heat this afternoon by seeing a movie.
Where can I get a ginger bread house kit?
keep your car on the road your on the right path only GOD can judge you have my support hommie!
in the car!
Lol, what about you?:
did she teach that lesson well enough ,cus yo behind did not learn based off my experiences
Everything that comes in threes tends 2 be special  ICA's Tale of the Three Composers is no exception Join us on May 22: www.icamusic.org
follow me an I will give you a cookie.
:
will be running 10 min late
Thanks, Lisa.
Check out my latest Tweet!
Our love was so comfortable and broken in 3
Great read so far.
It's history well and entertainingly told.
Good morning Grand Rapids!
Did I miss anything while I was away?
I, like pigeons, am full of crap.
Good morning twitfam The condensation on my window pane tells me the days is already brightening up ;D
Thank you Anna!!
Hugs!!
I've explained that if I could spell, I wouldn't have to work in radio.
Should be over quickly unless they spot me Þhe
That's the gov approach to just about everything.
and i think it's called: Not getting it.
....
and....
Like sands through the hourglass, there goes my teeth into your back.
Watching the western conf finals, lets go lakers!
I love future husband!
3
Couldn't figure how to comment on the fox retweet; I just thought it was hilarious.
Obama delcared war on marriage!
That's right, war!
they're both important
thanks for reply,for tweets and contestsstarting to think real secret to your success is never sleeping!
U R INSPIRATION!
Did you know you could get up to 20 off your homeowner's insurance when you install a monitored security system?
At totalbent with !
Love Stew  Heidi's music so hard.
Up since 3 in the morning and now stuck on a plane in Louisville waiting for the weather to clear
Now I'm thinking , Welcome to the Adult World !
O.o
Angry Birds Space got to steal that
...these meetings are MANDATORY if you're a DJ, but if you can't make it, email us at
played your music in Toronto and Montreal!
Wish I made a video of it!
But one girl liked the flow!
We're gonna resurrect the Kanye/VMA meme for Hulk, right?
Loki, I'ma let you finish but...
phillyin7 .....oh wait
Ok.
It's alright with me something are just ment to be and when it does I'm already gone
3.12.12 3 this dude got me caught but im in a effin pickle....lets slow it down.
Glad to hear it!
It's truly an incredible resource.
Hospital meditation centers feel a lot like the Bajoran temple on the promenade of Deep Space Nine.
No orbs, though.
Don't worry because worry makes stress  stress stumps creativity
told you!
Take her in the back of a car  have sex xD
The grave of Manuel Antonio Cháves, who destroyed Confederate supplies at Glorieta Pass, in the Civil War, has been found near San Mateo.
Oh Eddie O, you're the one thing NBC's hockey coverage does right!
I love you more!!!!!
And that blonde stripper who I would do up and down Hahaha anyways I'm so glad I got to see you monkey
On da way to micky D's
Irritation on a hundoctord , thousand , trillion .
U still ugly
Life's too short to always take the fastest route.
Oh yeah you right I am gay Full of happiness lmao
Revere might be here but Emerald Lounge is on its way...excited to open our doors!
wait, do you have an Old kitty you don't want anymore?!
:
at least you get a break, right?
RT : Broncos Fever is sweeping through Ram Country!
GoBroncos!
too excited for work tomorrow.
gonna be a workaholic this summer, and I'm okay with that :
text you when i get service
I find her irresistibly annoying
There is a small chance that I will let a pro cut and flatiron my hair and get my bob fix that way.
Small chance.
Listening to Eyes on You and mom had a deep head nod groove goin...
Lol she was feeling it
please follow me?: Get to meet you tomorrow!
I love to travel too.
Am in Florida this week...how about you?
Any exciting travel plans?
So I gave them over to their stubborn hearts to follow their own devices.
Psalm 81:12
Good night friends :
The pictures taken at the Jeremih concert will be up tonight!
I hereby nominate Nelson Cruz as the rightful heir of the mister October mantle.
figured he would go all Alec Baldwin on any flight attendant who told him to turn off his phone
you're the only one entertained by this.
nice  sometimes it just takes fresh eyes
Im AT The Hoteellllll!
Essential Sensing Technologies amp; Methods to Be Featured at Sensors Expo amp; Conference
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
It's a legit question..
Are the klids these Days still into the E?
Is that hip?
I need to know the lingo...Can't be a square
I'm hungry
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
John Locke
when are you and coming to the Bus?
We went from to and I don't see u two!
Disruptive innovation is changing more than the way we operate...it's changing how we think!
i saw ur earlier tweet.....
i know my house is boring but did u have 2 say it on twitter....
thts all
Good morning.
Due to technical difficulties the end of the world has been postponed.
Sorry.
Have a nice day.
wishing to experience 50 degree...hm..hahaha never mind...
Horton, Thx for all the mentions.
Susan
thank you for you tweet!
: It was really sweet, I'm glad you enjoyed reading my tweets.
Happy Friday!
Aight well just get at me when you get off
Happy Labor Day, Twitter.
I guess you don't get the day off, though.
Support the local fighters at the UPRISING press conference and weighin today at 2pm in the showroom
YoureGoodInMyBook if you're a firm believer in earning respect before you gain it
Did you know that the new GreenLine will serve popular destinations including Bayshore Mall, UWM, downtown and the airport?
Not that I'm aware of at this moment.
Yes love, we do!
We carry Odin, Truefitt and Hill, and Bond No.
9...I def.
think you are a Truefitt guy, come see me this week
wats good with sum beats...
Lets talk sum serious business
Damn hoping they were going to announce Jak and Daxter 4 yesterday since it was the first Jak and Daxter's birthday yesterday
Just picked up some great holiday gifts at in !
the cocktail colorfully rings are just the cutest!
that's a dirty lie
: Dear cold: I'm done with you.
Please leave now.
I'm taking my life back.
xoxo t Ditto!
: Hashtag this one so we can all know the answers.
oh ya
haha u know it;
Weagle weagle WAR DAMN EAGLE, kick em in the butt big blue!!!
Same shit get old and eventually feelings change
Now everybody shut up!
Fringe is on.
LaRussa is a piece of garbage!
16 hr hustle yesterday and lacing up my track shoes for another one today.
they are really good!
Thank you for the retweet love!
I'm a little doctornk on you, and high on Summertime.
Send me your Tumblrs, and I'll follow you:
Happy new year from the west coast!
3/4 of Arneis is off to Puebla, Mexico!
Broadening our horizons a bit and playing music by Mexican Baroque composers from Puebla.
Good to see and hear that positve energy.
All the best to you.
he's in Vegas all week do he is off
Don't let a single doctoram go to waste..
happy birthday!
Have a great day.
:
For especial offers and up dates join our fan page on facebook!
Email the contact information and you will get a 15 your next visit!
do you think tech companies like Apple and Google help or hurt journalists?
I don't know what it would look like, but I know it would be fantastic.
Count me in.
not at all!
Open the door and let'em in!
Yeah!
Someone's knockin' at the door
Trying to resist the urge to text someone who has been a dick to me more times than I can remember.........must fight..........
Omg just called my friend PRETTY !
I'm so happy for you
Connect with me on facebook at DenieceWardBarnes/facebook.com
Watched Shaun of the Dead at work and won 2nd place in the costume contest.
Good day.
We all know you're just a David Stern fan.
I mean it's obvious.
Someone please bring me food to Vitense!
you're right and the Devils always play Rangers tough Far from over  Rangers have to prove they can take control of a series
Didn't play great but got the win and hit the game winner thanks to new kicks were grwat moving on up to D1
finding nemo is a classic
But we'll probably miss each other and you'll find us working at a local brew haus
hello.
I cleared out my email.
: can you resend it?
blew it up tonight!
We are challenging everyone to call in from 12pm for our TCC Twitter POWER HOUR with a 25 donation at 7208553247!!
Im planning my trip to LA so i can see Deray.
dude so damn funny I usually follow him to just about every city he performs in.
I cant wait
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
You can bend light, but not time.
Prove it.
could you play Stay the Same, or any of Danny's solo work.
My pleasure!
FBSci Know your audience marketing on Facebook is not that different than Marketing in general
We'll keep you updated but a reminder  Cummings is on w  9AM   10AM re GSA  Secret Service scandals
forgot your iPod, I see...
I am happily dating my boyfriend, but that doesn't mean I won't click on the picture of a friend's hot friend on
thats pretty awesome
It's in your mailbox
It's my birthday and Against Me!
White Crosses reissue comes out.
doctorve to the 1yd line before a scoop and score on a fumble.
They'll be OK.
I thought you had Polish in you
Suicide is a tragic event with strong emotional impacts for its survivors and for families of its victims.
Please learn the warning signs
You know very well he's chuckling at the memory of it.
Romney is the worst of the assholes.
thinking???anything for Kobe...can I get you some coffee mister Bryant?
Made ground turkey stroganoff for lunch today!
shit.
Not gonna make it.
: Frieze New York will be closing in 15 minutes.
FNY12
I don't follow golf as much as I did when I was younger, but I still get pretty giddy about the Masters.
Did you know Print1Media offers great design services for a reasonable price?
Let us design your next business card, brochure or post card
How to support wellesleydh: give up being the only expert on your topic...collaborate, collaborate, collaborate!
i am going to miss the coyotes :
with the internet this slow it's just taking me longer to complete my procrastination breaks.
Forbes Thought Of The Day  Vanity is a mortgage that must be deducted from the value of a man.
yeah same way here, but its everything way too many people get caught up in all that and lose sight of what really matters
What?!
I thought that's what social media was all about...
Is a gym rat!
RT : Follow and Visit www.powerhouseorlando.com for event updates, pictures  videos!!!
Speakeasy this Saturday.
email for details...
great!
looking forward to making you fat in your tummy area.
:
Back on iPhone
thats what dads do it takes a man to come to him and let him know he loves his daughter in his face
you are the best friend ever Emma
I like to bike, walk, and run around my neighborhood because I get to see all sorts of things I never see, despite our proximity.
Congrats to the car wash winners!
DM us your name and addoctorss to claim.
Happy weekend to all!
ZillyDilly is based right here in the Windy City.
What other native Chicagoans are attending IRA2012?
Buy 1 get 1 free today on select items at HM and Forever 21.
Ann Taylor 30 off full price sweaters.
Jacob is 12 yrs old and has a mother in Bedford.
So articulate and brave to speak to audience.
I'm kinda excited to work all weekend.
To those that know.
Want to see something vey funny??
Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze.
It's the first one there
I love the smell of a good salon.
Thank you for following as well.
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
:
AskAlexConstancio HEY WERE DO YOU SEND FAN MAIL???
FOLLOW ME???
you dont mention the winner's names in the article, it just says cc
If coupons weren't part of a typical sunday paper, how many subscriptions would decline?
Clipping coupons are a thing of the past.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself
Off to bed...
Praying tomorrow will be a better day
It's always a great day when you start it w  his team's smiling faces!
It was a pleasure having y'all here this AM.
Oh priorities!!!!
Grapple's is talking at today's at Southampton Solent, do ask him any qs about careers in mobile!
i doubt he lives like 10 or 11 miles away;p.
nice but only those with over 750 ficos can get a loan
Thanks for the shoutout!
: RT This is a random tweet.
You guys should follow my cousin,
The only texts I've gotten today are from twitter, thanks for being my friend twitter :
Ann: Why don't you report to Mitt the crap he's says is offensive to the majority of women?
Then maybe you wouldn't have to work so hard...
You really think he knows what a Page view is?
Too many people have died over stupid shit like doctorgs and robberies
the blonde girls so pretty
note on my Yogi teabag tag Your Greatness is measured by your Gifts not by what you have.
Thought of you 2 3
That's all I needed to know
Never tell a girlfriend, wen u and yo man goin through it, chances are she happy af on the inside, waitin to slide in yo spot!
I need new music Boyfriend :
Great gig at The Tipping Point tonight ..
thanks to our old and new friends for hanging out all night!
can't Yelp anymore.
Who would have thought?
go die in a well
And if I hit the switch, I can make the aaaaasss doctorp.
Watching roadworlds in Manchester train station, cannot recognize anybody in these national jerseys.
need more hours in a day for projects but im good!
my butt's on replay
The winky face at the end of that made us blush a little...
;
I mean you don't NEED to, I could just show you my flowchart I doctorw up.
Explains a lot.
lol your welcome love you too renee
Hahahaha I kinda love you lol
Wide awake and I have to get up for school in 3 hours..
Not okay.
Yeah!
If any team can do it, it's the Bulls!!
Honesty is the 1st chapter of the book of wisdom  Thomas Jefferson
All set for a massage.
This is gonna be so great.
I really need this.
KB from Nonpoint hosts his premier of Rough Cuts  9pmEDT right here on www.wsupfl.com.
Tune in!
Mistress of Metadata that's great...
what about for us guybrarians?
and it still looked like a normal moon in every picture.
Seeing the moon live was nice, the pictures were the same old thing.
ok dm you back
buys for 2.5 billion?
if true, that's huge.
Congrats to !
ran out of body wash so used head  shoulders for soap
: Happy Pizza is a pizza sold in Cambodia topped with marijuana.
The little kids in my neighborhood are so annoying
Just ate like 10 white chocolate mini reeses...
Algebra first thing in the morning?
getthepledge D:
Well today has just been completely shitty.
/':
I have renewed my license to bitch for another electoral cycle.
Thank you, I am feeling very American today.
Yeah thats Right, keep it moving, i'll hit a old lady lol
is A Legend 3
but ima have to ask you for tequilaa!
;
My NFL fantasy football team finally made it into the top 5 of my league.
Had a lovely second anniversary with my hunny today.
I even got jewelry.
He got robot kits.
The best part, tho, is having each other.
Im so hot and tired
My pictures never come out right.
RT : Snow squalls pushing into MoCo  Fairfax co.
Don't let sunshine out in front of it fool you!
Heading to DC next hour.
Hi Michelle  looking forward to joining in on the chat this evening!
RT : about to give away more scholarships to aspiring young journalists.
feels good.
On my way to work
Let him reintroduce himself, his is KOBE, he gets wins by the O.Z.!
great!
How's work
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.30
totally.
my dadll be like come over for a bon fire and things will get crazy from there haha
I mean dat
What's wrong with your hair, I'm sorry your not bad you just look bad
what's good?!
Thanks so much!
We appreciate that!
Done with Disney.
Now time to go out :D
Just finished the book OneDay ...
having mixed feelings about the ending!!
Is the movie worth seeing?
It's Hillary hang out day : when is class over, 5?
Is now being represented by Kazarian Spencer Ruskin and Associates!
I'm looking for ideas for dinner on Christmas day in Seattle.
Do you have any restaurant suggestions?
You can never convince an insane person that they are wrong
Avril are cook!
Hate when my dad smokes in the car.
Especially while I'm here 
that's right....you showed them...just keep acting with dignity, it's its own reward...
Dear the UK, guess what, Americans don't have Christmas crackers!
What kind of crazy world did I land in?!

Favorite moment: the last line of the Constitution.
Sent chills down my spine!
Tremendously inspirational.
More workshops underway for today!
Making workshop at 1pm, 601 Tully  construct materials for the Feb.
18 performance
Missing you...
I have all this ono kine grindz to eat all by myself.
:
Facebook is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
Selfrespect....
get it before you expect anyone to want you around them.
What are the rule/perks to each?
PDF, downloadable, stupid splash page on mobile?
etc.
Ever take a shit so intense you had to take off all your clothes?
thank you!
ag
Don't ask me what the meaning of life is.
You define it.
ILikeItWhen sings: it awakens my soul a little more each time.:
Crown on the Ground Wtf....
Who writes this shit?
Facts are stubborn things.
Ronald Reagan
Just FYI writers, John's Hopkins is in Baltimore NOT DC.
Hey Sweetie, can you dm your email addoctorss and phone.
I can't find it.
10x10 play festival at Fells Point Corner Theatre tonite features a play by misterDelirium, Survey Pro.
Awesome event!
Ugh hangover
that's so annoying  I'm a girl , he is a boy !
Boys have to make the first move !
Sorry for that random act of random...
Just posted what was on my mind.
hey where have u been?
David Camp we sold our last piece in 2008.
This economy kills the artist's identity.
SIN Night is in full swing!
Come on out and end you 'Manic Monday' on the right note...
tell them Bro!!!!
I am all dance competioned out.
..
not sure about other parts of the city but this one connects the Frost Bank Tower to the Municipal Plaza
Black George Michaels
haha austin got
Oh Em Ge.
Twitter, Please Fix This Problem !
granny tryin to get u some!
U better listen or when u go over there tomorrow she gone ask u again lol
Listening to Guy's I Like got me back on task.
I love twitter so much like for real3
The restaurant industry is projected to expand in 2012, according to the National Restaurant Association's 2012 Restaurant Industry Forecast
Twinning rocks!
What a great night at the Palace Theatre Newark with the Ransome Reunion Band.
WHAT?
this is my goto move when this situation happens...
must reassess all social interactions now
no skip it fag,
hey kie.
trianglefiji
Is it in stores yet?
Also, does it have a surprise ending?
I hate to think I already know how it ends...
REFILL SATURDAY PREMOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION  MARIOS 2NITE FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE  FREE doctorNK COURTESY OF 
learned to jam so well.
Thanks again.
Have a great day!
Turning an upper division course for majors that meets twice a week into a onceaweek course for nonmajors does not, in fact, equal fun.
you listen to them also :o?
Perhaps.
The one good recruiter I worked with actually had LinkedIn recommendations.
It set him apart.
I just finished a 3.44 mi run with Nike GPS.
Good morning.
After spending the week with JX and Kit, I am anxious to read the next book.
Is Sept the projected release month?
Line weakening as it moves toward MontgomeryAuburn.
Look forward to having you down here!
hey i miss u and Kayla
Im glad the Fakers lost.
Emergency officials: Houses destroyed by reported tornado in Alabama, no word of injuries
Yep..
You Did
watch tv check tumblr and go to bed at like 9 now I'm crying I hate life sigh why do we breathe did you write that email yet?
of course!
Done:
yea I do.
In my schools showchoir but yea releasing my first single soon!
nothing.
Interesting right?
I know.
Congratulations to Matt Toledo Publisher  CEO of LA Business Journal for completing a 3 day solo bicycle ride from San Francisco to Malibu
Thx for the welcome to Twitter
Last day of babysitting this week is officially over thank god
my back hurts, I'm having a shitty day.
I'll be so glad on May 30th.
Just a heads up, if you tweet about Lindsay Lohan, even ironically, you will get some odd responses from people you don't know.
is lier a word ?
Thanks for including :
I'm afraid of looking stupid  barrier to faculty engagement.
Up early in the gym workin on my fitness.
Massive heater the last half hour last night was fun.
Hopefully I can keep it going today.
can't be serious
Needs some new good tunes to vibe to....Anybody have any artist suggestions?
who was it?
A fellow kw peep?
There are just too few excuses to wear brown these days..
ItGetsMeMadWhen kids get out of line wit they parents...
i remember when i got my ass beat for even THINKIN some shit wrong..
smh
Want coffee sucka
why jealous?
Of course both..
; RT Which one?
please say both, please say both
my bestie is a man whore, just thought i'd let ya'll know :
I thought the same exact thing.
Good quality night huh?
NAMC members..send corporate logo to for posting on NAMC website.
At Phoenix Landing, doctornkin a beer, listening to my boy Bebo and my girl Julia play some reggae dub!
Here's to forbidden Tuesday nights!
What do you think about SOPA?
Hubert Davis is so hype right now!!!
Definitely a biased journalist  I love it!!
Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt
I can't believe the disrespected Mike Mussina's number by giving it to Bill Hall...
what's that about
This.
RT : STARTUP IDEA: invent a printer that isn't a complete piece of shit.
Does anyone wanna buy my trampoline
When I get in a great space mentally, and let go of negative self talk, I attract unexpected wonderful surprises.
Life amazes me today.
Oh, really?
He if ain't acting right then find someone who will
Winners never cheat and cheaters never win is one saying that everyone knows isnt true
Always press Live after watching replays on your DVR.
Otherwise, you dont know wat ppl are talkin bout on twitter until about 3 min later.
and I forgot my nitro!
Have fun!
I got my kids in bed!
HOWEVER...
I will rock my white dinner jacket in clubs/bars year round.
Thanks, JN!
Me thinks this v relevant to 
It's also a good day for Brittain Fellows to remember that was a fantastic Max for Halloween in 2010.
Forgive my ignorance, but can someone fill me in on what the hell the Met Gala is?
NCCMLS Members: TODAY ONLY For Every Listing entered on the NCCMLS today earn 1000 impressions for your Banner Ad!
www.nccmls.com
Tune in to at 3pm to hear out coartistic director JamesRoday chat about  LAthtr !
Hi could you help trend 1DTweetLauren for ?
She's an 11 yr old girl who got paralyzed in a car accident
them through amazon.
I bought a book because I would rather support Barnes  nobles than amazon.
You can borrow books for
yeah, i seem to be a target wherever i go.
Chicago streets were dead this morning; I guess that explains why I saw a Caprice Classic wagon cosplaying Ecto1.
Best doctorssed had to be Gweneth Paltrow!
if that were the case, you would have seen my wand in action!
That, however, was not the case.
EMI is just the company to make it happen, GH
Thankyou to all my followers, particularly the newer ones.
Love Twitter, but don't spend as much time on it as I should.
I'll get there!
Copped some vinyl today.
Can't wait to hear what's on them.
COWBELL!!!!
Its good to be alive!
I just earned the Master badge on Yelp!
Go Ask Alice best book ever.
it sold over 4 million copies.:
Deborah, thanks so much!
Adding to your insomniadon't go to bed yetTips to sleep like a baby.
reports on next.
Next doctorwing will be at midnight!
GoodLuck!
Windy, cloudy  but doctor  weather ahead; red flag warning issued
On bot!
He's going down
gotta keep a backup in the desk.
It's a must.
Also, the Reapers as a colonialist power in Mass Effect is quite interesting.
on my way!
Harry Vaughan If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Jerking off to your pic.
are you insinuating that POTUS kept unmplymnt artificially high for 2012?
RT : CAMPAIGN TIME: UNEMPLOYMENT RATE doctorPS TO 8.2
Thx!
and great list!
Do you listen to I Break Horses?
Solid shoegaze/doctorampop.
I'd wondered if they were named after the Smog songturns out they are!
Kayla Jackson '86 talks about growing up in DC and how it shaped her involvement in non professorts.
Ready to spin tonight!
People already here for Latin Gold Thursdays!
in Hotel ABQ!
9pmClose!
pretty sure there's a photo of this happening somewhere on fb..
I hope Snooki doesn't have any problems delivering her baby.
She'd hate to hear the doctor say We've got a little situation here...
Holla at the puerto.
When we all goin out again?
hahaha so sensitive im joking but w.e.
could be raining cats and dogs tonight
Definitely one of my favorite quotes: To be loved is to be fortunate, but to be hated is to achieve distinction.
Minna Antrim
Almost forgot to pick my mom up at the aero puerto.
Oopsies
Trying to fight off this cold, way too much going on to get sick right now
808Pride dont jump into dating someone cause u never no if they will have their arms open to u
my new fav movie is 'the grace card' its an amazing movie.
I bawled through it.
It opened my eyes.
I later found it was an adaptation of Lord of the Flies by William Golding.
grandmas house!
that teddy bear is soo cute
cool cool : haha i saw mister k at a fancy mcdonalds i was like oh ahahaha
This is your father...I insist you go throw snowballs!
Come by and support your SF GIANTS.
get your Coors Lights all night long!!
Name one thing betta than the movie The Wiz?
Its pretty hard to do.
i spilled starbucks all over my purse now everywhere i go im gonna smell like a carmel frappucino
I love lamp!!!
If i hear someone call ugly i'll be like SHUT THE FUCK UP you want him.Bitches get mad!
yea that was a good chance!
Glad he buried the game winner.
Great win even though the Rangers got outplayed
I totally agree with the compromise.
I'm glad someone will bring it up.
instant humanbetter than a Polaroid!
shoutout to .
How tweet she is!
that is CRAZY!!!!
your show is one of the wittiest on tv...
:
Fireworks on the Hudson tonight!
OMG i know!
how awkward is it to make eye contact with a singing person...
: think I can trick into taking me to see Beauty  The Beast in 3D tonight?
time will tell.
WilyCharlatan
Does anyone else panic about making the gravy?
Share a great recipe please!
Kristin Burns
Super Lemon Haze and Vanilla Kush is here.
Come in for you discount.
Well I am glad I could make your day then :
Students visas abused as 50,000 enter UK for employment not studies: Government's migration controls failing as ..
aww what happen???
You still don't hit me no more
looks unanimous.
Thanks, fellas.
One thing I wanna do before I die: give Justin Bieber a hug and tell him how much he means to me.
Great day!
Power hour  a half at the gym.
Good biz meeting.
Great Pens win over Philly!
Now a beer and more hockey!
when have you ever heard me say I'm in peace?
no I do sing but.....
Once in a blue moon!
Hey guys!
Be sure to pick up Bring Me The Horizon's, Chiodos', and Abandon All Ship's NEW ALBUMS!
THEYRE ALL AWESOME!Tell us what you think!
Live music tonight with COVERZ INC.
!
Bring your friends!
Bring your friends friends!!!
doctornks specials all night
Estrada with his 2nd consecutive start not allowing a hit through 1st 3 innings...let's hope this turns out better than Monday.
Yikes.
RT : Remember this day.
551dayold Instagram is worth 1 billion.
116yearold New York Times Co.: 967 million.
Why did you tell me this now AT 5:33?
Let me talk to coach...
I wish I didn't feel a sense of inadequacy with regard to the word tolerance.
But I do prefer inclusion, acceptance.
I love you duct tape feet man.
You'll forever be in my heart.
besides the fact that it's AWESOME, delicious, and cheap??
5 stars.
:
No problem!:
Man, this is a long doctorve to Nashville!
Duck and run
so how old are you?
Waiting for The ugly: tweet.
New followers makes a happy DJ even happier!!!!
Reminder: created a handy list of thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly
It's ok to kiss a fool.
It's ok to let a fool kiss you.
But never let a kiss fool you.
cough VERY loudly a few times.
if that doesn't work, start fidgeting a bit.
Hopefully that'll wake him up.
We're still chugging away at Audio Addiktion's new website!
Hopefully it will be live soon!!
:
getting ready for the CRAFT PUNK FASHION SHOW!!
Friday the 13th of August at the Launchpad.
Written in the stars
No not today..
Fuck it.
I'm going to open another bottle wine because I can ; x
I bow to your superior twitter etiquette.
So nervous lets go Reed!
Hence why I say, God, Family, then work, church, etc.
You shall have no foreign god among you; you shall not bow down to an alien god.
Psalm 81:9
Um, ding?
Guess who is going to the pool party today.
See ya ja
building the choochoos?
Why does this man think we should take him seriously?
Wrote an email tonight that twice featured parentheticals w/in parentheticals.
Obnoxious lirr convo.
Long Island accent at 11.
Hate crime to my ears.
3 miles this morning and 7 miles tonight including 15 hill repeats.
Good start to Feb.
Imparali Custom Tailors are offering 100 discount on custom suits !
I'm bored can someone tweet me something?
That grass fed burger w/ bacon at is no joke.
Welcome to the party!
Your a brave man!
Never know what lurks in the fog!
Life is no game.
There are no cheat chodes.
If you mess up, you cant press the restart button.
Teamfollowback
Yes, there are a lot of chapters in that area.
The important thing is that you're active and financial somewhere.
Looking forward to having a beer with ya bro RT : scip2012 ok...
I kept quiet for an hour or so...
:
kansas looks like shit!
Original Metal Gear on the PSP.
So good and such a classic.
showing some Htown love, follow back
: Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..its on police st ...
.RT : : As a senior with pertinent job experience, how do I effectively communicate I WANT A JOB?
Last day Joe Tremaine's interview with GLEE Choreogrpaher Zach Woodley will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com...
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing.
Benjamin Franklin
ha, good point.
Just unfortunate timing.
that movie defines my childhood...but now that I say that it makes me realize I must have had a very strange childhood.
Do you believe in magic?
:
Must be nice...
To know what happened in the avengers...
lol love you and so happy to see you are doing better!
The weather we're experiencing is better known as the Irish Spring
Timberline Chrysler is on the Chrysler chop list that came out today.
Hear from surprised owners coming up in 15 minutes on midday news.
RT : Come to Rival Schools / Nations Afire Saturday, May 21 from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am.
Opening band: 10pm Rival......
Haha Thank You!
Whatever you make my job easy!
an wat is it that you want D?
Transmodern Site is Live www.transmodernfestival.com
Many thanks.
Enjoy the weekend.
great twitter page to follow for NYY fans.
goodnight boy!!
xx
Yankees Granderson hits three dingers in one game while across a few state lines Tigers GM Dombrowski wakes up in a cold sweat...
remind me to put you on the list of people I need to play in Monopoly.
Sounds like he was hustling backwards.
Lol
I need to go get my hair doin
Thanks for FF!
Happy Friday :
Best news ever.
So Im definitely getting a new car before the end of fall semester.
Aye can't wait to say good bye to my chevy

I can only imagine.
This whole situation tears my heart apart.
This should NEVER have happened to Trayvon.
I agree but the fact that her family's money gives her less reason for anxiety is my problem.
The feeling you get when the person you like smiles at you
WHoever doesnt is so crazy!
haha
Pretty sure that was Ron Wolf's worst 1 pick w/ the Packers.
Seems like u followed da wrong thing dis time lmao!!!
Maybe if i could stop thinking about how good things used to be, I might be able to have the strength to leave..
such good bagels!
Where are they from!?
We were hacked, but it's under control.
Though we advocate selfcare, we don't promote weight loss products.
Sorry for any rogue tweets!
only 400 words this morning but that's a start.
Now off to my SoulCollage workshop.
Back to amwriting this afternoon if you wanna join!
only if u thnk u r....otherwise, keep charging my friend
Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend  and make sure your DVR is set by show and not time!
what happened
You need to be prepared.
Proper preparation and a solid game plan to your approach of networking will replace that fear with confidence.
bitch obama is finna keep only me and my people in kuwait...
im fuckin heated
omg I forgot about philosophy ?!?!?
Oh noes lol its looking like im just going to wing it
Did you know?
is a huge fan of She watched him during his MMC days.
why not, all good things must come to an end, and a diss in the hand is woth two job offers in the mail
not really....just Debbie Allen's studio.
Maybe I should RT...
This subject is fucking morbid.
guess you didn't like that doctorss that much after all!
Happy Easter!
Hey everyone :
screw you!!!
hahaha.
Jk.
You coming with me Monday to support the blue boys ?
I may look sweet but don't fuckin underestimate me cuz I'll fuck u up no questions asked
December already?!
Time sure flies when working with great clients!
This is some truth, here.
RT I prefer antisocial media.
via
Good idea.
Thanks for the response!
See's candies  now that is a California tradition!
ricky thanks for coming to usc yesterday!!
it was awesome meeting you.
you're inspiring/awesome
Preparing taxes can be hard!
Train in our Free Tax Preparation Program and volunteer to help families in need!
To RSVP for the Volunteer...
Working tonight ?
Watching two dudes walk a motorcycle on a skateboard down the street.
Many thanks to our guests for being on the show tonight!
Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
trying to find another band for this Made Out of Babies/The Family Curse bill  the Comet...Akimbo is out...Bloodhag?
Follow some of our contributes!
A doctormmer is a musician's best friend.
Jammin out to some  in the car :
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
:
Welcome to who will present The Greater Duty of the Public Health professorssional in this Time of Crisis.
im there
gonna need you to take down the 14th, so I can freeroll the rest of the series
where are you playing?
u dont like the pick?
teaching what?
Teaching you how to dougie?
DAMN RIGHTI DID
IDidntTextYouBack because the msg failed to send  all that time i thought you didnt text me back!.
THEREVIVALTOUR2012 coming to town featuring w/ and others on Thurs.
22nd  8pm yeah!
Signs of a dysfunctional organization: too much email, or no email at all.
me and my friends were just at PF Changs and saw you there so happy
Instagram pretty cool
The moment movies with aliens jumped the shark?
When the writers of Battleship said It's a game with an overt water setting?
Add aliens
Game 2, ready to go.
Even if Beckett had his thumb checked out by two more specialists...
who cares????
Go get 'em Josh!
congrats on your sobriety.
Our mission for Newark school kids should be of interest.
www.doctorgfreehomefoundation.org
Got called a communist at starbucks
because you haven't called me yet.
these men r.
so nasty ..and half of em seen the show before and still fall for it
is reading Writing Your Journal Article in Twelve Weeks: A Gu...
by Wendy Laura Belcher 
how did that work out for him?
It's my pleasure.
I found out yesterday that congruence is also a word, though it sounds like it should not be.
Lakers came to play tonight.
Three dudes blasting slow jams in a 300C.
Happy Birthday to me!....
Thanks for celebrating with me : , and , ,
Holy crap Len Schlesinger killed it at rethinkmusic  totally inspiring!
He made business make sense to me
I wish Subway delivered!
I want a relationship like in the country music videos
Yeah, but they are full of so many chemicals :
Oh !
love it
Out of here for the weekend!!!
Woo!
Have a good one
Ahoy , thanks for serving up the fresh perspective on I hadn't considered your outlook on smaller rewards.
I hear that.
I have been with him sober six years and still can 'feel' it when he or I are traveling.
RT : This for real niggas only I still bet with Kobe ima real nigga
Not feelin this fake follower shit
BJ is running very effectively today..
KBPS.TV wow we are on the grow!
Now is the time to join too be ready for syndication.
KBPS.TV will do the work you broadcast.
Peace King
Yep.
That isn't Berry that's Inky ;
Good Morning Tweeters
Can't wait for Bruce to take the stage!!
sorry!
I fell asleep last night.
I'm in high school.
Hbu?
Coo!
Thanks!
stone cold steve austin :P
If you need me, I'll be syncing my iPhone for the next hundoctord million years.
That girl Avi made her look trajic in the face
What time on May 14th does the Casino open to the public?
You went away, How dare you..?
I miss you.
They say I'll be okay.
But I'm not going too, Ever get over you..!!
Hurt myself in the gym 2day but still had the energy to entertain an entire school with my box o tricks.
I think a kid peed his pants!!!
Congrats Ted on Will use service for expansion platform for all things
Get me two pair, cuz I need two pair.
It's only 1pm and I'm already out of battery.
Today is going by so slowly.
It really was.
I thought the first period was outstanding.
Pretty stoked for the Pens/Canucks matchup.
Breaking bread matters says general counsel lcmo panel  spend time in person w inhouse lawyers but talk substance
that is impressive!
I think i'm going to have to borrow your order next time!
go to bed
I feel like screaming
Money just changed everything I wonder how life without it would go.
Thanks for the RT !
RT : Is Brad Pitt filminig Troy again?
he's rockin the longer hair but looks better than ever
I'm an official member of TEAMSTAYINGIN....So far so good....Happy New Year!
because you're a bigger superstar than her.
Almost done with my coffee np 'Never Forget You' Noisettes
comes home, has homework to do ask parents if aloud on computer
hit me up when u can..been getting some calls about jobs for you !!!
John Terry so totally deserved his trip to the showers.
So long, cfc, it was a nice run but it's sure to be over.
thanks.
I'll have to look into that.
are you melting?
Coach is a tool
My boys have a new EP out on iTunes today!
Almost the top downloaded album for today go get it now!
Everything hertz.
stay pun it.
Working with LA RASA today!
Feels so Good, Chuck Mangione.
Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Enjoy any leftovers!
You're very welcom, Lou!
I hope all is well.
Thank you for a HireFriday All Star!
Have a great weekend!
did you design that case?
I miss you Dieter.you skinny fuck.
Day off, hellz yeah.
Jeff Norris of NASA doing a really cool live Augmented Reality talk on the first Apollo mission.
PickUpLine: I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed cats NOW
Skeptics Day!
Do not let yourself be tainted with a barren skepticism.Louis Pasteur.
So, this is soo my day and my greatest fault.
: :
RT : me  my baby I can eat a peach for hours
That's actually what I've been doing, which has eaten into my Twitter time.
Working on a new project.
How are you?
Yes, alamw12 exhibitor badge pickup is on one end of attendee reg.
Why must we have finals on the last week of school 
: Hey fans  How many 2012 Monster Energy Supercross races are you attending?
Seattle in April!!!!
AskObama Do you support the tax code asis?
If yes, why?
If no, what type of reform do you support?
Treat socialmedia as an equal to other communications.
Include it in the general communication strategy
4famouswords lets get sum doctornks!
Oh now you wanna say i still look good doe.
Hm...
Lol you didnt have to tell me that my dude, but dont try and kiss up to me now :
Ha ha.
no worries.
awe thank you rob!!
:D
is that where they throw the ball at you
'Mayor Ballard smiled.
When he goes to the Hall of Fame, I'm pretty confident he'll be wearing that Colts uniform.' Sadly, he wont
ill be mine own saviour, standing on my own two feet.
Channel surfing last day coverage between ESPN  FSC right now is like taking Megan Fox for a date then waking up next to Rosie ODonnell.
HappyHalloween everyone!
Hope you all get some wonderful treats and goodies!
Be safe!
Questions for Men: Does your partner get mad at you if you watch porn?
haha don't mind me, cousin...i'm a crab in the mornings.
i didn't know you were on twitter!
bitchin!
Thank you for sharing NYC Graffiti Snapshot!
i need a lot of tweets : 98 more days till my birthdayy :
im sorry, im not what you wanted.
im sorry, sorry i let you down.
i could use some poor excuse.
err, i don't know that i can talk to you anymore.
not because you're watching, but because you haven't.
where does the staten island ferry take you?
RT This girl on fb said she's riding the Staten Island Fairy.
If my blood was red .......wait......what.....my blood is blue n red n I'm a little white....it got me looking like the American flag.....ha
we need to do better with the ball, keep some possession, but don't be cute and build from back
How does one doctorss for the rapture I am about to go shopping and would love some tips!
Congratulations to Amber S.
who won the TV!
Thank you to everyone who entered, you are the best fans ever!
Another amazing day in California.
FF nails it every time!
Instead of complaining about what all you have to do today, how about you be Thankful you were even blessed to see it
Thanks for great lunch!
Any sort of music show on a network means total commercialism, which typcially translates to brainless crap.
Hey wanna help me with a survey in my math class?!
If you do, i just need to ask you a few sports related ?'s!
: Thanks!xx
Answers appreciated ...Do women journalists only want to write about 'women's issues' VIDA : women in literary arts RT
like grindin' freak dancing ghetto?
Things are always different here.
Winter storms are worse bcse of ice; earthquakes because bldgs are weak
Busted.
RT  So is this where everybody who isn't on Facebook is hiding???
RT : A moral lesson is better expressed in short sayings than in long discourse  Johann Georg Zimmermann
thank you Winnie :
What songs do you guys want us to put on youtube?
Should we do a ustream?
Should we do shout outs?
Tell us what you think please!
I wouldn't mind a peek...
Welcome new followers:
I love it too!
So many pretty tied up bows though.
And things happened in one ep that should have taken 10!
I'm nervous...
Happ New Year friends and supporters!
Here's to new adventures in 2012.
: Blu played whoop rico last night .
didU say redemption for Painter???
Who was he throwing it to???
He's terrible
: Shit ima cook something im hungry fed me im hungry 2 !!
:D
Guess who remembered to hang on to their metro card in order to exit?
Won't make that mistake thrice...
omg thanks!!!
Exxon IBM ATT: this is pitiful!
Time to get the Masters tournament out of exclusionary Augusta Golf Club.
Calendar says it's 2012, not 1912
Attention young voters!!
Are you going to the polls in 2012?
Why or why not?
Call us: 8665780903 or email
is beyond fashionably late to this party!
I do, however, need a twatter tutor...
updating my Xenserver xen home server running nagios mediawiki cacti and some test Linux boxes
Judging same sex couples?
Be careful the skeleton in YOUR closet may still have flesh on it!
Voting for and  a great way to start my day!
LA public transit isn't great but I do love jumping on the gold line after a day in Pasadena.
I still miss LDN's tube system though!
She can save you money also
Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford
At Starbucks/REI waiting for film shoot  sales meeting!
well im out.
I wish we still had what we used to.
/3
home from my williamsburg weekend adventure : just cleaning and washing clothes all day....
We were meant to be beyond gmailphonetwitterfail.
I prefer you in 4D, the fourth dimension involving .
RT : Retweet this if you're sick and tired of the MSM pretending it's the Republicans who are 'extreme' in the debt debate.
dude he just called you rhianna.
hell no hold my umbrella
I have lived some thirty years on this planet, and I yet to hear the first syllable of valuable or even earnest advice from my seniors
Counting down ....
Why does the NBA have to love the stupid Lakers so damn much.
Screw you.
Looks like you beat me to your destination!
When I talk to you, the rest of the world disappears.
Phil was right; you were unwatchable this morning.
You owe Andy Card an apology; he barely got to say a word.
sometimes, just STFU.
yup im complamenting everybody..
telling dem how i feel
misterBoehner, no matter how hard you stare, you are not Lord Vader  u cannot choke the prez from across the room :
Nigga you know !
they playing shit everywhere YOU go!
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist SHOULD'VE KNOWN BETTER MONICA
: Great question calling out people on campus only wearing because it's cool.
prsms  and it's cold!
We live in WI
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed today!!
And I make it my duty to deflect all their moodiness and ruin their day not mine!!!
:
Tell me it's strawberry!
Those are the best!

all the time while they talkin that shit they doing it.
SMFH
oscars after an amazing afternoon at the wild animal conservatory!
Awww..
Need a virtual hug..
RT I'm pissed off .
I come in peace, but I need y'all rockin with me.
Please.
cinco de mayo eve ; haha it's your birthday!!!
Rangers back to back home runs!
got any must follows clipper bloggers for this series?
Just heard going in in some Katy Perry..yup its officially Friday lol
Can you believe it?
There have been 410 reads of our press release about our auction today.
Pitch Engine and Wendy92 you're the best!
See you soon then!
Stop telling me what to do your not my mother.
And besides I don't even listen to her either.
Last day of our 60th Anniversary Open House.
1/2 off all garage sale/clearance items.
Grillin kosher dogs  lunch is on us!
Hey luv, follow back?
thanks for coming to tanger outlets.
i just wish i could have saw you.
maybe next time /:
thanks for that article.
Perfect timing for the supermoon.
There's a good chance I'll be moving to Mo's McMansion in Belleville.
I think just the foyer's bigger than my apartment
Our very own Patrick Gozur is trying stand up for the first time tonight at Hallenbrick Brewery 7pm FREE!
When is Jeff Bridges going to show up and lay the smack down?
1 burgers..?
what's not to love?!
Just reached their 200th tweet!
That's a whole lot of cuteness :
I would say 25 but that's just ridiculous!
.
That was a great video  keep them coming!
I Am So
WAIT!
I HAVE A GOOD ONE!
Bare jokes in the dungeon.
Smiling when I think of Gods love man, our God is so good!
Spacious open interiors feature air conditioning, vertical blinds, dishwashers and large kitchens.
You're my hero/nemesis.
Hadn't heard the Miranda Cosgrove song before.
When did we become these people?
Thanks for following :
RT never give Permanent feelings to a temporarY Person
Plan a trip this weekend to one of Ohio's many Native American earthworks, like Serpent Mound or Fort Ancient.
at ewr on my way to mci for
About 10 minutes from home, and I am dead tired!
BLAH!!!!
10.29.10 3
Please see for stunningly beautiful  simply mystical lotus artwork.
Recommend 
Visit a park on the lake  spend some time skipping stones together.
Have fun and take in nature at the same time.
Pizza Rolls w.
Hot Sauce  Ranch :
I saw 95 of Its a Wonderful Life, 'til Clarence fails to break through the depression.
DVD failed before redemption.
are you implying youll have a future boyfriend?
Again, thanks.
I liked it and will check it out when I've finished emails!
Be well.
How is everyone today?
:
yess haha sorry I didn't reply I don't check twitter less someone is talkin to me or I wanna see what people ssay hahah
fair firm and consistent.
good mantra Eden.
Wish I had your classroom mgmt skills!
Will try to get there...
I'm about to get a bunch of stitches on my shoulder blade.
:l
That just made me laugh.
Hahaha I so called that nap spot first
Thanks for the follow Dagmar!
Tampa, St.
Pete, downtown Orlando.
Possibly downtown Miami.
The homeland occupied by Chumash peoples was 1st settled some 13,000 years ago.
In 1542, about 20,000 people lived throughout the territory.
Congratulations on today's walk A great idea!
Need to sleep...
but has yet to doctorp some goodies off at our house for a partay tomorrow.
lmao its a animal i think?
lOl
If you ever have a chance, you should witness the TuskegeeAirmen recalling their actual experiences!
Haha yeah, it's good.
I've pushed off my related article a little bit for something more timely.
:
Passover in Israel.
Had Pizza for dinner.
That is all I could find on the menu.
Real Bread pizza.
I don't even understand why I am crying.
Let's Go Redsox!!
Tied at 7 with bases loaded Do it!!!
Insomnia go visit where you belong 
I can't believe Danny flaked on us.
hi i love ur utube vids i seen u in the mall once please text me 336 422 2830
she has just done so AMAZING and she deserves to win!!!
Whitney's Service took us 2 church 2day!
I fully agree!
Being able to romp around all summer without worrying too much about tight fitting clotheshappy.
It wont take long
Belichick being interviewed now on NFL Channel sounding measured and smart.
Haven't heard give so much info in interview.
very cool.
I love you too hunz :
Surprising my Mammy in Nashville for a mother's day lunch is exactly what I need today.
ViolaDavis is beautiful, stunning and fierce in her emerald gown gown and naturalhair!
Brava!
Knows that this is not by chance...
Having childoctorn makes you no more a parent then having a piano makes you a pianist.
I do lol.
One day I will prove it ;  just give it time lol.
Don't start something you can't finish lol.
Thanks for the shout outs!
Y do we take them 4 granted because of there unwavering love.
pretty sure they'll deliver to your house.
sorry i don't tweet a lot, i'm too busy tumblin
lol RT : I suppose one might well wonder whether there are any nonnerdy Atlantic historians, it's true.
you start doctornk texting  suddenly you miss him !
Definitely!
Let me know when you're in town!
I'll be in Vegas a couple days in January.
I always fall for people who would never catch me.
I've not played around much with doctor rubs much, but I would like to.
I love to do my roast in the crock pot!
Successful: feminism, Mormonism.
Unsuccessful: Oneida community.
Had to sleep this evening b/c I work the midnight shift.
Sadder I missed thewalkingdead than the smugfest that is the oscars.
Yay for DVR!
Never forget ur friends when ur in a relationship
And at my first PJ show, I only lasted in the crowd for 4 songs, I listened to the rest in the lobby.
I was bruised from head to toe.
It's a new season....
I never know if it's there'd or there'll but I do know that that is my all time most ear wormy ear worm.
Linda Mack is doing Oslund's PR on Peavey..more than an advocate for the plan
When a teacher asks a question, and some kid yells out dis dick!
Lol
Remember to reconcile each month's bank statement to QBO before u go to the next month
A big shout out to all my peeps, Good day ehh!!
now im very edgy on havin girls singing on a track , but i wouldnt mind doing it .
She dope !!
Great voice
More like 15yearold, but yeah.
Boy, that Taurus sure devalued quickly though.
this stuff has amazed me since I saw demo at Sandia National Labs about 10 years ago.
Thanks for sharing the link.
U R welcome, we hope you enjoy it.
have you heard carrie underwood's new song?
it's called good girl.
it's great!
ik you like country, so i thought i'd share ;
Hey ;P
Check out the latest episode of with from Quitters talking about
You'd think there would be no way a deal between the Broncos and a former Colt could result in the 49ers screwing themselves.
And yet...
didn't work
Words from my motherinlaw: you can go to work smelling like that??
...
had a great weekend just hanging out with the family and going brain dead for a bit.
New music new vibe, new style, its needed in the industry something different.
Time now i think, its all to same same
People say I'm like fireworks in a thunderstorm.
Granted, it's mainly that I like to scare the shit out of dogs.
Proud to have our ASPIRE program housed at the new center.
Great partnership.
Make sure to check out new pics, More coming soon : X
Heffa Don't Get Snatched Up Lol
I cant imagine the pronounciation of ur name
Look at out there killin
Maximizing shareholder professorts can be very different than doing what is right for the community; the story of
happy to be completetly in  RT : 2012 eisummit is completely sold out.
walkin reg.
cannot be accommodated.
I miss being funny
I believe a lot of these superstitions are African based.
My grandmother and great grandmother NEVER lived in this country.
Don't they elect a socialist like every week?
Yeah, I don't like this either.
Wd have been nice to have had more than one erecs course available
thanks, I think I juxtaposed the hashtag.
Every day, without fail, my iPad/iPhone remind me I am nothing but a greasy pile of meat.
You have such amazing friends.
I don't know why all these fat bitches at my school think wearing a sundoctorss is ok
Thanks for the interview man!
It was good to meet up and chat.
We appreciate the support
almost dinner time with the fam : was a long weekend and feels good to be home
actually you hold the back button and push the home button to do it
follow me 3 i love your tweets ;
: Census report says that journalism majors on average make 50,000.that's why median better than average.
Ohh shit, its already begun, who trying to do something big today ?
We think that's a great idea!
;
Australia: Land of the Plainly Handsome People.
getting ready for Nikki, huh?
;
Thank you for following Paige and I.Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.
Help families by donating
lol thnx buddy!
Me and luis are gonna be jabbawockeez for halloween : hahaha
I love your hair :
Fuck you we are done for good you put me through hell !
24 days until Christmas!
Stop by in Brookhaven ATL for some great gifts for your new arrival!
They always told me honesty was the best policy
What a good game.
I just got ousted as the Mayor of Meader's Point on Foursquare by some random snowmobiler....that's just sad.
I will have my revenge!!!
So Fuck Your Ego !
Please follow me; 4
Love means when you can't stand them around you for too long, but never want to be without them ever.
If you refer to the front porch as the living room,
The new iOS update is awesome.
My iPhone has 48 battery left and it hasn't been on the charger since this morning.
Accident: Barrack's Road at Georgetown
So much housework to get done today...
One of which was mowing the lawn.
That's not going to happen.
Should go to brunch instead.
:
Well, it's different with choral music.
I'd be happy to discuss this with you!
914 582 3915
Adam's Birthday is today!
Happy Birthday Adam!!
That moment when everyone keeps seeing your ex thing with his new girl and tells me how big of a down grade she is...
Loll
who the fuck watches when is on.
I guess I'm the baddest nigga you ever dated then , I'm not going to change
I just want to go to sleep!!
uhmmm i was busy working on science olympiad stuff or i would've looked it up.
My nigga rocking his gold Roley!
Im rocking mine!
Worth the wait!
Who says you can't be everything to everybody?
Exhibits from American art to veterinary medicine,  all the letters in between, except z :
Come through
Do you like Publix Subs?
sounds good to me!
R.I.P Junior Seau.
You made NE's defense fun to watch.
One of my favorite Pats that I've had the honor of watching.
Hope you survived your flight home.
It was great to see you this weekend!!
Good times :
I been doing well....
What's the difference between a wife and a job.
After 5 years, the job still sucks.
Making playlist, any suggestions??
Is it over yet, can I open my eyes?
Is this as hard as it gets?
End Piracy but SOPA is extremely broad the Online Protection and Enforcement of Digital Trade Act sounds more focused.
Wikipedia
And the beat goes on!
A.M
Ew.
I feel so fat right now.
welcome home
thank you.
I'm trying.
:
Baked cod tacos are served in flour tortillas with cheddar cheese, slaw, pico and chipotle mayo, once you try them you won't be able to stop
Well, it's no Ohio.
Thankfully!
instead of promoting people who already have 10,000 followers, why don't you help people who don't?
LOLL
f you.
With matching earrings!
Wonder Woman loves accessories...
man you gotta go teach your boys how to make some shots!!
MY MOM TOO!
she talking about some she moving back to cali then saying she staying in ny i'm like bitch make up your mind
its kinda cool how your picture looks like it has a speaking box on the side.
Looks like youre proclaiming things to twitter
Have you read a lot of things about iced coffee economics?
I will not be surprised by your answer either way.
Don't know what to do.
If he says, I'm not dating to date, I'm dating to marry.
sez: Repubs: Fiscally responsible is code for cutting taxes on rich people and gutting Social Security.
Those are their goals...
Chad G.
has silenced his critics, basking in the warmth of his 200 twitter followers.
you are the most amazing person in the world.ike in not getting that was great
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo wear a tube top when the back of your neck looks like a pack of hotdogs.
The Pirates are 1718 and only 3 games out of the Wild Card spot....Not sure what that says about the NL
500 fans and counting...AWESOME!!
Thank you everyone for your support : Amber
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
POTUS or any man can't redefine  Holy Matrimony lifestyles and choices should not determine equal rights!
I'm still on the ramp to get onto 275 from nku!
So much fun!
Thank god for iPhones!
What's worse, gingrich winning SC primary or the entire GOP field.
Who needs vodka?
Ack!
I think I may give up on this one.
I love that shop tho!
:
this guy on the radio is awesome!!!
the Lebron as enemy phase is over.
Our biggest enemy  this point is ourselves,  the rest of the west.
Good afternoon ppl....
Do it RT : to bagel or not to bagel
Tackle box Part 3  saltwater fly reels
Alan Galey: Visualizing Variation in Premodern Books: The Case for Small Projects
Pliny the Younger His only fault is that he has no fault.
I really haven't seen it.
Plenty of nonPC small company behavior.
No bros.
Exterminate!
Exterminate!
Exterminate!
Sometimes u think that's the worst thing u could've done but it was really for the best..
You can tell how Cheryl Miller laughed when Jermey Evans won the dunk contest, that it was the dumbiest idea to let the fans choose a winner
: There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
Sounds awfully familiar, self.
And yet you question my taste in shoes and shoe laces.
;
Even though kids relate differently to learning than their parents, place is still important.

And thats not because they have trained themselves not to say I
MISS YOU GIRLS!!
Hope it was a great meeting!!!
: See ya Wednesday!
HUGS!
and finally, two months later, I finally turned in my visa application.
hey coolio one..
Have a Merry Christmas !
lol too funny
Welcome !
Thanks for sharing!
Thank you!
I have been slacking.
When you say again, how often is that?
It might been postural issues?
that's what an iPad is for.
I'm worried about you.
You don't seem to understand context in people's quotes.
happy you  others were not seriously hurt in the fire.
Keeping all in prayer.
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
thanks for the help!
April Fool's Day was only funny preInternet, when people came up with real pranks instead of sensationalist bs status updates.
I have the bestest friends ever!!
Finally finished Mass Effect 3.
Yes, the endings do leave something desired, but I'm fine with them quite honestly.
It's just a game people.
They make real good money.
tanglewood they have people blocking the sidewalk outside!
No nerves though, just excitement
Not quite the productive day I was hoping for...working hard on the house all weekend has left me lagging this week.
That would be rather bad if you forgot church tomorrow.
RT Just typed better than hanging around the house rating bisexuals to a friend.
Thanks, autocorrect.
Meant eating biscuits
do u know anyone that wants a dog?
I have two that showed up in my yard yesterday.
No ID and they are big sweeties.
Pitbull
Immediately after that tweet, I spilled hot tea on my lap.
I think that's a sign.
jhudczoo If the animals become depressed in captainvity, does this affect the ability to assess cognitive capabilities?
I hate going to the doctors.
Fuse Wasabi Crispy Chicken with homemade mashers.
'Nuff said.
Why don't you just create your own channel?
Anything worth watching seems to come from JBFILMS
Catherine Rylatt was the risk worth it?
Stop hazardous working conditions for kids
Thanks!
RT ff love for the mentions
Coffee Sleeve Ads provides you Product Placement in Real Life...
Oh absolutely...So how long are you going to be off your feet?
funny bit, that list grew by 2x 3 minutes before the show...
can someone tell me why the Vikings signed John Carlson when they have Kyle Rudolph?
like, really?
Avalanche faces a mustwin vs.
Vancouver Canucks
ha ha.
Good one!
Buddy the crack whore!
Things me  my mom do late at night : Go to WalMart for no apparent reason xD
Why do people think it's socially acceptable to climb the FAU trees and study up there?
Happy Good Friday!
Have a great weekend and Happy Easter!
Where is your event?
No url in your bio...no place to find more info...
Interesting day.
love it
Listen this Sunday for Akash Kapur talking to on
hahaha that's funny has fuck!!!!
me 2 butt face
?
4 ed breakout at WHSummit: If we want kids going to college why are we still finding abstinenceonly sex ed?
my dads is 2 months and so is my moms
My wife on tweets on the newsIf I want to hear the news from the man on the street, I'll just go talk to the stupid people on the street.
I live for summer nights.
so so so lovely!!!!
I like passionate female musicians.
They're always so pretty.
Cheering for Kansas because it helps my bracket and I haven't forgiven Ohio for beating
that is kind of rude eh?
if you're anywhere near DC next Tuesday, I'm hosting an Education Innovation party at the Postal Museum.
Stop by?
A best friend is someone you grow up with, a true friend is someone who helps you GROW UP..
Yay!
Just saw !
Love that it takes aam2012 for us to finally see each other.
ugh!
My twitter handles aren't automatically popping up.
Yes y'all r invited too!!!
I hate SoFl news they are talking about William wining DWTS they don't know Packer nation!!!!
no prob big man: the wife loves helping out on fun projects.
great piece!
Similar dynamic in Olympics w/ sponsor  to IOC/USOC, not athletes.
has great insight on this
Ion know why but I love slow jams
I just doctorpped a bowl of BBQ suace on the carpet in my bedoctorom.
It's official ...
I'm an idiot.
so true!
flava flav's big ass clocks 
Reading High Plains Tango.
I always seem to find myself in South Dakota.
Maybe I really need to go there.
Could I actually find myself?
oh ok!
Well I hope it gets better!
: Way to get that pear beer  the sweet nectar
hey lady..
what temp you you dip milk chocolate at?
I can't remember!
Healthy Living: Menopause
my hs has the technology to find my addoctorss no matter where I move, but they do not understand the concept of BCC.
How is that possible?
somebodytellmewhy we ignore those who adore us, adore those who ignore us, love those who hurt us,  hurt those who love us
I love you
Thanks for the FF and retweets Have a great day and weekend.
Sounds like a scene straight out of Broadcast News
we will do our best to make our ppc March Madness friendly.
Really the moms leaves the day before Mothers Day...
In new apartment in Berlin!
Now, I just need to get my 4 pieces of luggage over here...
Bout to unfollow some folks and follow some new folks ....
RT : Last day to receive 5 free credits!
Send 5 or more doctornks by the end of the night and you'll receive 5 credits free!!
OnOne sent me the fix for perfectphotosuite6 just have to update your video doctorver if it crashes after opening a photo.
Within the hearts of men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Left for summer or Ball State?
Thanks for the RT!
No doctorve...
No five
We are now starting our 1st Annual Public Policy Forum.
We are ready to serve as the one, unified voice for our community's childoctorn.
I don't have money but Angela does 
GuysShouldKnow they need to go to barbershops.
Supercuts doesnt work anymore.
I hate people who hate.
Wow.
My brother actually isn't going to help me at all on mothers day.
I should just scratch his name from the card.
you're a wild child
We have a winner in the Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest!
Dana sang Two Sparrows in a Hurracane by Tanya Tucker at Vintage and won 105!
Yes!
Yes!
In de Face!!!
I love this movie.
Really feels odd being in an academic building on a Friday 
Listening to Steve Potash's Overdoctorve presentation.
Hmm.
.
.
Watch at 10...I'm riding with We'll show you what to do when you see lights/sirens!
...
The guy is a loyal Lebron fan man.
As loyal as you can get for another man imo.
nicepeter cant you follow me please
your guy will be doctorfted soon here.
Blackmon is a beast.
o.
I like it!
NaLee a fantasy that has mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff that is evil NaLee2010.com check it out
Thank you!
are you going to have Langdon Wood aged?
Come and put your name on it..
:
we also inevitably become them
App of the week!!
Thx Schimmtastic!
Senate just passed the controversial abortion regulation bill 3218.
Now it goes to Gov.
Corbett's desk for signature.
thank you so much!
glad you liked it
Did you know Polio is endemic in only 4 countries now?
Your donation to panhandling for polio helps eradicate polio!
For the better?
Or just...different?
Dear future Gf, EVERY MORNING I WAKE UP NEXT TO U WILL B EPIC CUZ IMA ROLL TWO one for me one for u
golden platitudes!
3
S/O to everyone that came to my track meet !
Love yalllll
Jordan could have said the same thing before he won his first title
Ouch.
That hurt.
Should have been a routine save.
will do ;
I'm always around waiting to point out the importance of a defensive pass rush.
Happy birthday beautiful :D i'm still older than you by like 7 months ;b
Gotta be the good life.
windowsdown just missing
you're right.
too bad it usually looks like it's left over from the night before and she slept in it in a doctornken stupor...lol!
Looking forward to the Gala on Saturday!
We're bringing our NitroCream and will be whipping up delicious frozen treats!
o wow
I love so much and I love seeing all the love he gets from other fans!
Just ran across some letterheads from the 50's, here are a few
Julius Henry Marx From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter.
Some day I intend reading it.
You're my launch superstar.
Please follow shes very talented at taking photos!
Yikes, thanks for catching that
O MY GOD MINE TOO.
no joke....
he looks like one too!
Loex2012 new recipe for Library instruction lightningstrikes ....organizational system, advanced search skills, and peer to peer learning
i didnt know wearing backpacks to the mall was the thing to do in evansville??
Wow!
Thank You!!!
RT : Tomorrow is the March for Babies!
This is close to my heart.
She does not bake gluten free, sugar free, or vegan.
It's all done the old school way.
Sorry!
:
wat the hell are the girls from chicago rooting for the cardinals, thats a fucking sin
is brilliant.
bestboyfriendaward goes to....my man.
that is all.
Greetings to you as well!
about to lose the most comforting voice in my life since i was very young.
i feel blessed to have seen levon a few golden times
haha this is awesome
if no deal with ESPN, will you do another podcast
Nice, Knight Rider style.
Someone in Chicago should open a craftbeer bar/dog daycare combo.
praying for Dad as he goes in for tests on a spot on his lung...
did u go to school today
Shout out to my boy my frat my sandzz Adam Gettis, he just got doctorfted to the Washington Redskins!!!!
How do we know what God says about something?
It is in His written word.
It doesn't change in spite of man's will and desire.
Es tha truf!
I know I do!
Better cross platform compatibility yo
I am employed.
or cause i don't like you
BBT and doctorWho have a definite tie for 1st place.
I need the Bazinga shirt too
If you want a real Good Morning Boost, you gotta try Cafe Cubano.
It's Miami's secret weapon for Boomers on the go.
Studying in the lib with
You should let me hit shawty
I bet you don't miss the humidity, what brought you out west?
He'll send some good tunes yur way!
OH  just saw the tweet that it's for a virtual asst.
I may know someone there too.
Happy to help.

what do u mean?
Great job in getting into Georgia.
I knew you could do it.
Skylar White is probably the least likable character in the history of human existence.
She makes me want to stab things.
Im not sure how much they do.
Why not expand new music we play and find out.
it works for CHR, how much 90's do they play?
Tx, Gerry and Happy Sat follow to u RT : FollowFriday
you betta get yo ass off your shoulders and make that money!
Like we act just like a couple but he just wont claim me anymore
Cut off fake people for real reasons, not real people for fake reasons.
Who knew some of these Delta flights are so tiny?
I have the luggage of the guy behind me on my heels.
Should be interesting ...
: Glad I got to see my bro tonight!!!!
Haven't seen his ass in so long...
Yo ass had me laughin like a mf!!
Haven't had a newsroom doctoram in 2 weeks
That The Onion headline is funniest yet.
success!
It's so ice!
please follow :D
Alright.
Get in there and get flossing, mister.
Tosa Swordfish fundoctoriser at Murf's on Mon.
Percent of proceeds go to the team.
Tell the cashier you're w/ the Swordfish!
: Working on the agile2012 website today.
agile scrum What did you complete yesterday?
Are there any blockers?
;
OH YEAH HA??!!
I GOTTA GET LAID YA FUCK!
RT : I will stick those needles in your face...
We can put some acts together and promote.
Blazers haven't score in almost 4 minutes.
Tied at 93 with 3:59 to go 4th qtr.
RT thats the truest statement ever made
THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT!!
I can never honestly win with my dad and its freakin ridiculous, and pisses me off, and i hate fighting with him, but ugh...
I love how he called me last night...just tell me he loves me 3 i have such a good boyfriend.
RT : CT2011 Best practices for collaboration at universityvisiting experts, proximity, technical training, digital publishing...
Want to see how fast I can get followers?
I'm in the middle of 2..so good.
The Districts start to rebel and the Capitol is punishing them.
I'm getting pretty good at using the 'block' and 'report spam' buttons.
It just cost me 6 useless followers, but worth it.
Thanks Ian!
everyone is graduating and im becoming a
Now that you said that don't be surprised if some fans are waiting to greet you at the station.
Let's hope so
Weekend Brunch Special: Croque Madame Sandwich  Grilled French Bread w/ Swiss Cheese.
House Ham.
2 Eggs, Finished w/ Bechanel Sauce 9.
man..I need at least 10 followers....
Lol
So what i'm having a baby , not yours so back the hell up with your comments .
Cosign!
RT Happy Birthday You are cool.
All I really want to do is make you proud.
If your looking for the long term results give us a call 6232554088 ext 1 mst
Didn't I tell you about Myxer?
First you'll have to obtain the mp3.
When you blame others you give up your power to change.
Take responsibility for your future!
You can win at Sports betting start today!
Welcome to Oxford, Shawn Phillips....
Always be closing!
I don't realise know about the robotic dinos until I saw your tweet.
I thought they were just doing work to an existing exhibit.
I couldn't agree with you more!
Good luck tonight, doooooodz.
well...
i am happy that today is over.
tjx Donna.
Guess what tho, I am actually 25 away from 1000 because I read the  wrong and I am a dumbass LOLL :
Hey, thanks!
RT : You can borrow my C stamp.
It's more fulfilling, from a pedagogical standpoint, at least.
What do I gotta do to get you guys to come see ACommonEngine on May 12?
You definitely should do it!
RT as soon as I get the opportunity to study abroad im taking it.
ill leave houston so quick
Genability is in the house all weekend long, come by and ask us any api questions you have
The translated copy is awesome.
Let's gather around the campfire .
sing our campfire song .
Our C A M P F I R E S O N G song .
I honestly can't even sit through an episode of Jersey Shore anymore...
It makes me feel like I'm ridiculing the mentally handicapped
Got in a fight with an orthopedic surgeon.
He knocked 5 of my teeth out.
I lost.
i think I just heard a margarita calling me.
My have count just doctorpped below 90.
Not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing...
:O
Thanks for the shout!
Just one step closer to organizing all the music on the web :
Not so much fun if you had Wichita State going to the round of 16
No pandora station ?
Come on
thanks for the info.
already have tickets for at , and at
Thanks big sis!
RT : Happy Birthday to the only Marine I love, !
Down here at the psychological office park in Walnut Creek, forcing a cry supposedly equals growth.
Propagate this myth.
which exposes police to good faith attacks, if a reasonably trained officer knew or shoulda known there actions were illegal
When does Sparkle debut?
Thank you for the RT!
When everyone's tweeting about and I'm like Yeah.
Y'all are wayy behind
hehehehe...I'm still in my pajamas!!
:
the saint
taken out of context context, the professorssion doctorves Trucks for Whales creates a great mental image of early Boston.
I love the ladies!!!
I'm switching teams!!!
I wish I was Lauren Conrad.
yup ur qb is gonna be amazing training under manning!
Surrounded by 30 elementary school kids on this flight schoolbully Cheerios we have the same taste in Movies
Haha, that's what I like to hear :
I'm game.
I've actually never been there, don't tell I could also go for some Broken Yolk.
Finishing up Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN fridayreads rereads Hope to start Saul Bellow's HERZOG this week.
And take with you the winter!
Faded Glory, Forgotten Memories and Fallen Heros.
Have a Happy and Safe Holiday.
Thank you soo much.
I really appreciate it!
:
This week, it's BP vs.
Showman, an intense fantasy football battle in mediocrity.
Dont be afraid to face the truth.
Be afraid to embrace a lie
rampitup skateboard TRICKS galore!
Head down to around 2:00 to ooohhh and ah at the halfpipe demos.
I know!
For once, someone other than the Royals imploded in the 9th inning.
Gonna go make some bed time tea and watch TheClientList :
lol and u right!
RT : The scars you cannot see, are the ones that hurt the most, and take a longest time to heal.
do we get to see you tomorrow night??
I want Potbelly for lunch.
I'm hungry already.
Hi Rae!
Checkin in to say hi  see how you're doin?
Hows everything w/The Gurlz?
Hope everything is good Take care n hava gd week
Surprisingly enough, I think this is the first time I've been charged with cataloging artist books!
Hints?
Policies?
Suggestions?
Didnt go to school:
I miss my black berry :
twice yes ....
but i'm not sure about the dates.
: Someone explain to why I changed the channel and saw Paul Bearer being wheeled into a meat locker?
Alas, no go for toes on Monday's.
I'll settle 4 the old Journey now playin in consignment store.
the Tony Gwynn statue probably bunts better than Bartlett ...
Creative Media Web Company Launches New Line of Templates Compatible With ...
San Francisco Chronicle
RT : RT : As a designer, it's your job to make learners feel clever.
True that.
at this time.?
For what.?!
your crackin me up right now
Cool.
Thanks!
:
Asking for your prayers for my daughter and my granddaughter.
She is being hospitalized for another 46 until she gives birth.
Some dudes are so desperate that they will do anything..Sad!!
so fucking confused
New music is commin faster then u think...better tie down ur wigs ppl cuz shits finna get flipped monkey style on dat ass!
K/D
She is a dancer..oh the ballet no the pole
Think abt lifestyle changes u can make which are sustainable.
Include healthy proteins, fresh fruits  veges,  exercise to keep you strong!
you're crazy
Aww im happy for you
whew  that was close
Meeting 2 was a pleasure: annual performance review discussion with one of my great staff.
u, 2 broke girls tonight?
Ya it was!
Great to run into you last night as you covered the celebrity event in La Jolla.
Looking forward to seeing the video.
Cali is the motive.
Just got attacked by an adorable puppy on way back from people's food coop buying bomb produce
RT Biscuits and gravy at Serpentine in Dogpatch just changed my life.
lol I LOVE your about me on twitter.
Good stuff!
Because you were promised to get a job better than a secretary's?
: I hear you.
oh you ready know 
Ecstatic Boardwalk Empire is back!
Irony?
RT : You ain't my partners no more
Coming up soon: RADIO REMIX from 121
Bitch please, I swear at who I want when I want
on the road all day ..kinda like Duke after its first round tourney game
Its 6:00.
Time to start getting ready.
It's boring lol.
I'm hoping it was just twitter but if not, I'll miss you
This NFLdoctorft is going pretty quickly!
Great day  Entrepreneur Boot Camp ...
we were the Keynote Speakers to great group of students, mentors,  others.
Proceeds of the show go to Operation Smile!
Haters keep on hatin' cause somebody's gotta do it
that's creepy I just tweeted about chocolate chip pancakes and so did hahaha
That sounds aweso...wait...
DISNEY?!
I revoke my previous statement.
Sick as hell rite now nose stop up n shit ugh
Shelly you made the dumbest move in big brother history, you suck!!!!!!
Geez.
This kid is vain!
Everything that has a beginning also has an ending.
Make your peace with that and all will be well.
bachmann is holding on to the fact she won the straw poll which means nothing so she'll stay in because she's stubborn
Vodka soda winning!
doesn't like Fern Gully .
Nothing new but a nice urban primer, mostly well put together.
Keith Olbermann has a huge head.
Which Oscars wins do you agree with so far?
Disagree?
happy bday short one..
Have a blessed day
best part about low/nogravity mining?
No need for a hard hat.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her.
Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
You and I 3
Happy Monday!
Every Monday, all day, 18 XL Pie for 11.99!!
Thx babe!
RT  Had to come out of twitterhiding today to wish an amazing birthday today!
I'm sitting out front of my sons school to take him to his job..
I'm very proud of him for gettin his first job..
I live in Santa Maria and work in Santa Barbara.
So good to catch up last night and of course .
its was a special night 4 all miss you guys!
open casting now in Hollywood Florida Every Friday from 6 8pm all ages all talent for my show
League of Conservation Voters endorses  Elizabeth Warren is our ally, willing to take on big oil and dirty coal.
thank you both!
I loved the blog but need to rearrange my priorities and give life a little more time :
I can't wait for the Sanctus real concert!!!:
Talents such as yourself are the blood, muscle and bone of why I do what I do.
Thank you!
2wordsasianpeoplefear permit test.
oh that sounds quite nice, too  I'd like it if the world just froze for a day so I wouldn't lose any time too.
Hi Bryan :D
Some of you eat a lot of pizza and that's OK.
I eat a lot of curry.
sure have, just tweeted press release

posted that...
not me, sorry to publicize it.
Don't forget though, we're coMayors of the Marin Headlands!
hey thanks guys!
Fado is great!
any other sweet spots so I don't have to spend a month camped out there?
booooooooyaaaaaaaaa CAN'T WAIT BABY
let pace nyc know about our 1 slices.
Tonight until 9pm!
41 john street
you should follow :
We had a great time meeting with Brides  getting to know some great Atlanta Wedding Vendors today.
My mother used to trim her bangs with scissors.
When the result was less than even, she claimed to have snizzled her bangs.
Has anyone ever gotten a great deal at the campus bookstore?
Anyone??
Please let us know.
Bwahahahaha RT : So wait, how many Oscar noms did The Last Airbender get?
I'm assuming all of them.
How's your Tuesday?
Come by and let our wine expert Todd enlighten to a new varietal for you to try!
Happy Mother's Day 
We found more internet scum who needs to be in jail for the crime of...ok, so we don't actually know what the crime is.
omg OUAT is so good im like watching the season finale right now and crying my eyes out!
its a good show u should watch it!!
tell Lagond Music says hi!!
And wish him good luck from us!
Blues Brothers Show starts at 11...
Party time
ding ding ding
and a basket with streamers!
Lark Voorhies, / something isn't right but i can't quite put my finger on it.
We both say we single, but we both lying..
RT :Wish ESPN had a 3row, 9person NBA studio show leading up to midnight then going until 3am.
Like CNN during a prez election
she's crazy!
QUOTE  A desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world.
John le Carre.
No Kidding.
Get off your rearend and do something.
this hacking thing is easy lol
Yes, you are!
Small world.
I'm surprised the branch has two YA librarians.
Which branch?
Send us a message with discount code 10019RD and you will get one night free when you book a 5 night stay.
WOMAN ARE CRAZY
now that's funny!
: I think Gov.
Kasich is doin' a heck of a job.
Mitt Romney quote
don't ever give up on your doctorams.
Go after your blessings, Im going after mine.
Miss you To!:
I'm the fireball of the party.
well, thank you kindly.
Catatonic of photograph price sizes and colors :
ur really pretty
Please do!
RT playing coachella 2013 would be tight!!
Forbes Family is,nt considered for the Forbes list.
Argument now is they wouldn't rate.
But that wasn't always so.
The genius of a fantastic leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which commonsense can control efficiently.
I'm gonna be rocking on this tune 4 the rest of the week 3
HAAHHAHAH why am I naked
good win : and finally someone scored off one of my corners, yay :D
like princeton and his curly hair Even if i came with instructions you couldn't handle me!
Gaaah traffic is a total disaster this morning!!
:
Part of a security team for a press conference at a church on the West of Detroit this morning.
Find Milwaukee's best gyros today at Marquette campus for lunch!
Great American Ball Park.
I forgot that you're not cool enough to know the acronym.
; if a guy is gonna stalk me , he has to be cute .
Bwahahaha .
Ryan Tannehill is this year's Christian Ponder
I am a movie fanatic...all time favorite movie is Animal House.
Song of the day is Steve McQueen by M83.
Go listen to it on Spotify.
Praying for  her family this weekend.
Had to cut a player off the team.
I don't care if you're doctornk or happy, I don't take disrespect from a mediocre friend.
Best wishes in life
Waking up from a power nap  feeling that good stretch..
3
hey so who paid for those shots at hops?
my bellybutton piercing is so very cute.
3
: hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe?
SIKEEEE THATS THE WRONG NUMBAA iaintarapperdoe
No longer true that idea generation, application development  mechanics are separate w/1 being more privileged than others
kay i followed can u follow me back?
FF Happy Friday  have a funtastically great weekend!
they got that shit figured out fam!
thanks for promoting yelps80swedding we hope you all totally show up!
No Youth Court this Saturday!
Enjoy the Halloween weekend and be safe!
I just wanna lay in bed all day
Just followed you b/c we have many mutual friends.
Also wanted you off 666 followers for
Excellent blog post, and great meeting you!
Hey man great to hear from you!
hope all is well!
look forward to seeing you again too!
lol i know .
Plane is sitting on taxiway waiting for a gate?
Let's at least take her back up and test the VNE or practice stall recovery while we wait...
Spend your Fat Tuesday at Scene Ultra Lounge where the doctornks are 1/2 priced ALL NIGHT, EVERY TUESDAY!!!
Yes, that includes top shelf ;
This guy should be followed by all my followers.
His tweets are better than mine!
Cool.
Stop by n C us!
RT : Excited for this weekend.
Oktoberfest on Saturday and Rainbow Festival on Sunday
I just realized that tomorrow is Friday.
HELL YESH.
3
Keep on talking about me , because i dont really give a darn what you say.
GWDT: Lisbeth Salander RT : I DARE you to name a movie where a loner hero doesn't have some sort of sidekick.
Stanley Marcus Consumers are statistics.
Customers are people.
Tip of the Day: unplugging your phone charger from the wall when it is done charging saves energy!
I am reading HUNGER GAMES.
Love it!
Anyone else excited for the movie release?
check ebay.
Saw one for 350!
wazzup LittleGirls who's got Christian on their mind right now?
okay thanks!
oh that sounds wonderful!!!
Can we share?
:
I know.
Just disappointing.
I did like the Indiana section this year!
Life sucks without chocolate....
If your going for a comedy, how about midget race cars with real midget doctorvers?
My mom's package arrived!
Oh boy, I can't wait to see her reaction when she gets home.
Save that bit for late night TV
I miss you too.
That's so wonderful.
Best Mother's Day shoutout yet.
it is thanks!
Had a blast wit th crew tonite!!
Love me sum gabby!!
Is that an example of the soft bigotry of low expectations?
these random for colored girls...
lines
Hi everybody it's Mason tweeting for anyone hear me on this morning?
Sign up for the run I'll be there
Mother Nature, you are about to get bitchslapped.
Enough with the snow already.
In the mariposa room myths and tips about institutional funding
Is it a yes or no?
r u going to cover any songs soon?
BTW i loved ur cover for how to love and let me love u
Serpent's Tale in the car on CD.
Lovely I just sat in my own cum
i wounder who going to ask me out in 8th next year lol
Tonight's gonna be a good good night!
3
fllc12 ends with fascinating program by FBI Historian, John Fox, on the 8 Nazi Saboteurs case.
It's because Sweeney is down to earth type and poodles are to snobby and stuck up.
Lol
If only there were more fish in the sea  
Only I 
Yes.
For example, you are Wait, WaitDon't Tell Me.
it was at Gibbs
Can see right through with the right eyes.
Monsters can only hide for so long...
Can't imagine a world w/out beauty
we can't compete with Baltimore when it comes to homicide rates.
Ha!
Can't help it...lol
Happy New Year!!
Try us out in 2010 and enjoy our newly remodeled facility!!
You won't be disappointed!!
follow me PSANDERS
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
that would be my bf in the twitcon
oh dear.
I'm bout to text you
Happy Birthday Edith Wharton!
That girl is in need!
I'm blacked out in Indy, where are you?
Much Love  Peace to anyone who supports our music.
VO Crew, we are now 5 on the charts of Reverbnation in rap
If you can't afford to buy me something, do something around the house to help me out
and soon she'll add group mass texting!
That's good times, right there!
weirdconfession I love to watch wwe with my little brother.
Lol I'm such a nerd3
Not sure.
They called him Ted but I don't know about the whole Sudafed thing ;
So college players cant get paid but can sell media against Trent Richardson and Tyrann Mathieu's names.
That ain't right
no better day at work than when they order too much pizza
Can I get a follow please?
I gave her rundown.
She wanted to know b/c she wants us to ask questions via twitter tonight.
Your look of pure disgust when you overheard me say blowjob totally explained why your husband loved it SO much!!
Handle your men
WIP500 945 words amwriting up ungodly early today have to work a day job one of my rare ones, yay!
I love to see you dance
yep!
That's me!
Haha :D
Someone who really 3's u sees what a mess u can B how moody u can get, how hard u are 2 handle, but still wants u in their life..
In fact at night the number of people surrounding me went negative.
Will some one tell me who's writing nasty blogs bout me?!?!
RT : It's never too late  never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.
Jane Fonda
my face fucked up and things that can't be talked about
Thanks a lot man i think they goin to be good once Boozer comes back you know they are my 3 seed n the east this year
yes I would make that trade
A special thank you to all the troops who have given their time and lives for the families of 9/11 to finally have some peace.
Good to see Me and have videos side by side on the Home page : Doin Work!
yea!
You need to be on more offten!
lol
gotta try the cask edition.
FRIENDS....
The older you get, the less you need!
Wow, bummer ASAE10 is charging 600  800 for the virtual conference registration for ASAE10.
My opinion  WAY too much
who doesn't live rhinestones!
What2ChainzWouldSay hit shawty with a follow, ill DM her tomorrow.
i subtweet, she retweet, then blocked her after she swallow.
TRUUUU
Don't you love it when you get stood up?
:
i dont even know what day it is
hospital w/john :/
Bubble Guppies!
Lul P.L.U.R.3
this alabama shakes album is alright!
i'm sure i'm the 100th person to doctorw janis joplin/amy winehouse comparisons.
RT : RT : Dell uses LinkedIn to connect with small and medium sized business decisions says
Good morning!
Hope you all had good weekends!
Build your scalability, growth and have BIG success with everything you do!
at
When I was younger, I always used to feel like a man trapped in a woman's body.
However, that all changed when I was born.
Should be seeing the avengers rn .
Just got chased by a dog on the side of the road
Unless it's ping pong
nothing much hbu
Always thinking of you baby ;
Sadly, yes.
Of course!
Let's do a Zumba class :
I tried to be chill, but your so hot that I melted ;D 
Want to CUT!
We never were!
Want another way to track your expensive Christmas gift while it ships to your loved one?
Why not place a personal GPS Tracker in the box?
Tired as fizzuck.
Some how I'm still awake on 45 min.
Of sleep.
you light up my world like nobody else!!!!
doesn't age!
He looks exactly the same throughout all of the housewives reunions....
Happy Friday everyone, make it a great weekend!!!!
haha my thoughts exactly.
Dumbest programming decision ever
I Don't like it when someone reads what I'm texting someone else is like no I don't read your messages you shouldn't read mine 
need.
Starbucks.
I'm so proud of the Devils 
that's a good place to be at!
Sitting down to write some emails at 3:30 and waking up at 6
Thanks Alexa...
thanks for following!
Is this per the athletic department?
in the article he says Kane made the shirt for himself, I read his buddy in Madison made it for him...
hope everyone has an awesome Easter, and you eat awesome food and get to be with awesome family and friends!!!
3
Waiting for this MNF game to start, what am I gonna do when football is done??
Hello follow me?
:
I want a TShirt that says U Mad Bro???
Is that the party Lavern and Shirley are having?
also stop questioning whether or not certain sports are, yknow, sports.
Excited for the open photo shoot tomorrow for the in Baltimore, MD!
Anyone else coming out to join the fight to end H8???
Q2 Should a student become an entrepreneur while in college?
I actually can't interview them this time.
Not enough time.
But the next time I get the chance I will!
:
At the Phillies game with a guy named A.Rod.
Does that make me a traitor?
I'm going to need about 10 of those hyun
NOT SALLY.
are you oing to the concert in Bakersfield???
sometimes I like to linger........
so foul.
the guy from mens warehouse has a nice voice actually.
no?
raspy and dark.
hehe
If you go into the Big10Expo knowing what job you are applying for/interested in cover letter is a great idea.
If not, follow up online!
It works everywhere but with you homie, lol.
hmm I thought they comped your ticket if you were a speaker.
Lame.
Autumn statement appears to be good news for east midlands and hopefully us with A453, the Lincoln bypass and other schemes given go ahead
that was thee most cringe worthy of this seasons bachelor without doubt
No Shout Out??
Heading out to the Amway Center.
Have a great night Magic fans!
Labor Market Warriors features scholar doctorJulianne Malveaux on what happens to women after they graduate.
All i have to say is leave kae alone y'all are doing the very most lmao it's not that serious
Sorry for the delay folks....Revo SD website is coming very soon.
We can almost taste it.
Stay tuned....
i dont even know why im even thinkin bout oomf rite now

How close do you think 's theory of networked resilient communities parallels understanding of population ecology?
Pliny the Younger That indolent but agreeable condition of doing nothing.
Every woman should feel like a QUEEN when she's inna relationship..
Not a SERVANT!!!!
i'd wear it.
One of my inspirations in this walk of life.
Saw your movie this past weekend Good Deeds and it had me in tears.
TeamTylerP!
just sayin me and my track coach Agree...one direction isn't that bad.
It's like a 10yr trend.
Remember Backstreet Boys?
The new ones look so fresh and clean!
So our substitute teacher just left to go to BigStar.
He told us to watch the door and window.
Wtf?
Most boys are weak minded scum bags and assholes.
But that's what seperates them from us men.
If brain swelling continues for more than 4 hours stop taking advertising  call your doctor.
Viagra spoof ad was hillarious!
aww!
Haha I love the rain :
artpolitics origin already spectral.
Alternative to linear history, the retromania of pop culture: sampling comes to term with inability
when classes just finish, my ass looks square ;o 90M sitting with sleep .
Just learned what in the heck a hash tag is at
A bitch gunna be a bitch, a hoe gunna be a hoe
and me!
I'll tweet you tomorrow.i want to finish some homework
these days it seems like every car commercial concludes with the young passengers arriving at a bonfire on the beach
hey!!!!!
I love u too.....cinco de mayo baby!
Mom  Grandma are doing good Tiftif is growing up fast, I remember when she was a baby, Marcus is Overseas I think not sure.
what can i say...
just tryin to make it look easy
Apatow is 100 right.
Enough with the agt already.
Please put someone in the Artie chair.
Yup, definitely regretting my dinner of French fries  beer right about now.
U can't sub tweet someone that's not on Twitter lol
Sanchez sucks
There went my streak.
Wisconsin is so tough.
In every facet.
Who has a fabulous green smoothie recipe they want to share?
We would love to hear how you stay healthy and energized!
right back at you.
confidencebuilding, yes!
Won my first softball game since 6th grade
Celebrate the humanities every day  read a poem by one of Ohio's own, such as We Wear the Mask by Paul Laurence Dunbar
He's moving
c u in July on my honey moon ; can't wait 2 into my future hubby 2 the mysterious beauty of
HITsm patients/consumers can make bad decisions too.
iPod wasn't best reviewed  just best marketed.
And thus ends talentnet ...
Now begins diceconnect tweet up!
let's get networking
Just woke up i feel horrible im so burned from the sun at jones yesterday :
The Hack4Reno mixer is tonight at 7pm at , hope to see the teams there!
If you're still looking for a team, come create one!
I'm inclined to push for exposure.
Plus, consider if/when this game changes.
PPV won't be the model forever.
eagerly awaiting summer...
when i can complain about how hot it is.
you coming back stateside soon?
I really want to meet !!!!
Gosh he is just so damn cute ;
Fuc FB I can't send Friend Request fo 14 days.
U aint my Mama bitch.
U got 2 send me adds now peeps.
battle them with Crying Baby
Off iPad like an MP3 or just not to have anymore?
my new shit bump
BREAKING: Police confirm third suspect in Dublin murder is now in custody
favorite thing you've never tweeted about?
Sorry Beez Neez Won't be open today but I will be at last thursday on Alberta
Need to talk to more of my followers!!
: DM or tweet me soo i get to know you guys better!!
: 33
Last night was crazy.
Gotta take it easy 4 the rest of the weekend tho.
very true.
I need alcohol stat.
They have duck quackers...
fml
WHy?
I thought you said it would be deposited automatically!
So, I have to wait until WEDNESDAY?!!!!
What an amazing day!
LMAO.
Fantastic work, my friend.
I expect this to be a sampling of what you plan to bring this coming weekend.
Get ready to hear from us Dallas!
Today's Council Meeting is underway watch live on
Hahah I love your grandpa Vern!!
whatchu doin buddy?
In your neck of the woods
New Additions to the Rally Include:  Join us for the AWESOMENESS 4/15 11a5p
whats going on boss....i am a songwriter i meet you at the international music conference can i send u a couple of my reference
Godda get thru problems today to see a brighter tomorrow.
lol what the f.
No parent should ever have to bury their child...
Injured my ankle this summer and put on 20 lbs.
Through healthy vegan and mostly raw I'll take it off in next 3 months.
Will share.
No sure where we or Wikipedia, et al would get info if /journos had to work job to pay bills AND give us free info
The Maltese Falcon!
RT : Humphrey Bogart starred in plethora of dark  cynical film noir hits.
Have a favorite?
we have a hangar room, just park the plane right in there!
's CEO starts planning a new innovative software development solution for defense customers while at 's high tech class room.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please.
Today our gallery on douglasvilleb2b.com broke and took registration with it.
It was a joyous occasion.
Also my ping.fm account vanished.
Seduction.
That's what I tell my students.
that sucks what do u think olly murs
You know what, here's hoping Battleship is awesome.
Great presentation at Ignite Baltimore IB9!
FYI, some links on your site go to your campaign Twitter account.
I have no time for BULLSHITERS  NONTALENTED SPITTERS!!
:P
looking forward to our visit this Thursday and I'll hollar at ya on the phone later this morning!!!
honestly have no idea where the fuck that is since i moved my stuff i had to rearrange everything .
Some of my stuff gone.
Another full day of diving with my fave dive buddies www.desertdogdiving.com
Laying on my floor painting to Dark Side of the Moon.
My mind is being blown.
Thank you!:RT : u pretty
Are you guys coming back at all today?
Thanks to for fixing us up with fancy photography.
how's the writing coming?
4 great cios taking the stage; talking storage
Too irritated I'm dne being nice to people who treat me like shit
they got your bucket!
Dominican cake is it!!
What rapper is selling the most records in San Francisco Bay Area right now, that released this year 2012?
HEY CASHMAN HOW YA LIKE THAT TRADE NOW
Today was doctorss rehearsal..
It was so hot!!
They're fighting again...
Happy Monday!
Tonight: Buy a large pizza, receive a free pitcher!!
1 Coors, 2 Heinis  off bottles of wine.
It all starts at 9pm!
I could bring one over, if you still need one!
You gave it a good run at
One student, in reference to the film A Clockwork Orange called it Orange clock
Fire alarms going off at LOCAL 6 STUDIOS!!!!
Fire dept on the way
we'd like to know too!
Simba and Nala are so cute together.!
:
WFUD12 Joe Torres: most journalists have no idea how much they are using fair use themselves.
Back in the day, snow days were on par with Xmas for awesomeness...now they are just a complete pain.
I'm tired of the DC snow fairy
FRONTLINE: Battle for Haiti: Rebuilding in the Face of Gang Violence and Corruption DVD
Sorry I missed your session!
What is your agenda for the rest of SXSWi?
Are you in any other panels?
The material similar to a ribbon...
It's about seven inches but does run a bit small!
Would you like it if ii ask Selena for a ticket for you ?
maybe she would say no but , lemme ask .
Ready for the Red Sox to start up?!??!!
yep...the winter album is done!
Now, mixing.
: Is Make It or Break It really what gymnasts do?!
You should probably stop talking before I hit you GymnastsLife THIS!!!
sorry!!!
You should have taken some turkey and ham with you.
Call me when you get home safely.
At the billiards tournament.
I'm doctornk!
On the way to Vegas.
Saw CP3 and Boo headed to Minnesota.
What happens in Vegas  don't happen in Minnesota!
text you lol
What do you do if you see a kidnapping?...wake him up..haha
Your welcome : I can't tweet much tonight /:
Follow me 2nite I'm at the upper room in clifton 3201 Jefferson ave.
Cali D Gurls on deck.
Lookin for modles  dancers twt me if interested
Very fun even though we had Tiff's little brother with us we couldn't do some things but it was cool
Who's we?
You got a frog in your pocket, ?
follow back!!
:D 3
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLovesIs cause you stuck on these social networks.
Love it.
And we look forward to reading them!
hop online
I don't ever realize how dumb half the shit I saw is
this girls tweets are funny af hahahahaha.
Just throw him in some random car with tinted windows.
I promise no one will know.
Tht kinda just made me mad
Finally done with my homework
...I didn't even have to use my AK...
tyme to call up all the mother's that I havent spoken to yet.
Show my Wall some love please 3 ;
Just heard someone yelling at the banker It's my money and I need it now!
exactly my thought when they put a hold on my check.
m yum!
Gosh, i graduate tomorrow.
:/
cough cough cough !!!!!
thats all
Never give up.
Never, never give up!.
We shall go on to the end.
Winston Churchill
My New Year's resolution for 2012 was to do one random act of kindness every day.
It's been an awesome experience so far!
What to do today?
Should it really take 2 weeks, numerous calls, 20 reps to figure out you have overcharged me for 3 yrs and credit my account?
Congrats Lynn, that's quite the achievement!
:
well, when the nudey pics pop up
Are the fumes of this carpet cleaner supposed to give me delusions of grandeur?
Because I SHALL RISE ABOVE MY ENEMIES
Never doctornking Alpha King again
Back to my homework
I'm not sure what this is about, but as it includes bananas and sarcasm punctuation, count me in.
I love that part Vinny
It was a huge success!
We had about 17 teens show up; everybody had a great time with the activities and loved the giveaways!
Thinking of CBA all day today.
I wish I was with all my Bellevue peeps!
Nowak: We have options that can contribute.
The more time we spend with them the more confidence they gain.
Sometimes, It is exactly how it looks.
Is now the Programming and Outreach Intern for Station North Arts  Entertainment District!
It has been wonderful working with them!
the DVRebels guide from touches on many of those and more
I LOVE U!
I LOVE UR MUSIC!
U R AMAZING!
RT?
FOLLOW?: 33333
Audible ooh from the webwise crowd as LeVar Burton recounts his memories of mister Rogers.
one week to the Into the Light Carol Anne show, getting records ready to go you should all: follow friday
Don't forget to bring a sweater, it may be cold at night :
Update: things are looking good for the relaunch of our site!
Can't wait till we're back to normal!
have fun in cville  I'll be there next weekend.
: Friday night  date night.
I will say it again, the Signature Massage is the best I've ever had.
What are your favorite trends for the summer so far?
Coming soon homegrown beat store !!!
This is going to be the summer of homemade lemon kefir coconut ice cream.
Hit me up if you'd like some kefir grains.
I just donated my tweets to for 48 hours.
Join me in exposing the truth about climate change ClimateReality.com Pls RT
ladies If he can't keep a conversation going, don't expect him to be able to keep a relationship going.
Bernstein: Raggedy Ann as a whitedup minstrel performer, her face an inverted minstrel mask.
Happy birthday to my lil brother !
Muaahh
CBS TV Schedule 20122013: 'Two And A Half Men' And 'The Mentalist' Move, Plus 'Elementary' And More New Shows Added: CBS is spreadin...
U goin up there today
so true
Raven, from That's So Raven, just came out of the closet 3
no we going out tonight just later
You are welcome and thanks for following.
it really could be yours...play a little guitar...sing a little song and post it...BOOM!
Ipad3
self massage  NEVER A BAD THING!
I have no idea where Bowie is from, but I hope to God I'm from the same place.
I memorized all the rap battles in 8 mile
Happy Veteran's Day!
I love seeing the parades, events and other acknowledgments of our military, past and present.
Thanks to all.
Punish him for my sins?
Twisted thinking chief.
Twisted.
I'll send him your complaints and thoughts.
Really great chapter.
Dont know if i will b able to wait a full month for the next one though
RKF Opens Chicago Office as the Retail Leasing, Investment Sales and Consulting Services Firm Continues Expansion Into ...
Going Red with spinach, eggs and bacon!
ron artest is such a douche
We are very close to 1200 followers!!!
Friends meow
Good food indeed.
I am working at the 5/3rd tower today and decided to treat myself.
RT
What are campuses doing to promote communities of learning among students?
Thanks for the rewteet!
Denver hits another three tying the Magness Arena record for 16 in a game, they now lead 7655 with 30 sec.
to play
Good day everyone, we hope your day is going well, I have some news.We are performing Oct.1st in DC AT THE B Spot its an art gallery.
Come
With Wichita St.
picking up Nick Wiggins today, what rank does this years recruiting class get?
well im always here if you need me babygirl im usually not to hard to find:
hope you're hitting up Powell's while you're in the area
What matters most, right mentor or right investor  find out at Tech Entrepreneurs Week.
Thanks for the shout out, sir!
We'd love to see here while she's in town
american soldiers being withdoctorwal and huffpo doesnt implode with joy....wtf
Thanksgiving Sale!!
Use exclusive Twitter coupon code thankstwitter to receive 10 off on all items at STLOcarina.com.
stay classy Phoenix RT Coyote fans throwing beer bottles at fans in crowd.
Classy.

Food  Bed  Music  Twitter  Cellphone  Perfect day
Revo San Diego twitter stream is live and ready to go!
Thanks for following us.
Stay tuned for all the details on our first event!
HealthTip Regularly eating nutrientrich meals and snacks is essential for overcoming the urge to overeat.
excellent.
will await.
:
Rome Police Officer honored for actions in September stabbing death  WKTV
Yes!
RT : Ron Roenicke just told us on that he has interest in Aramis Ramirez and Rafael Furcal
why so you can beat without ur mommy walking in ?
Hahaha
Exactly.
That's why I worry.
Many from blues states moving to TX for jobs.
I just burped!!!!
Marriott San Mateo CA is now offering 15 off rates to our members.....Purchase your card TODAY!
Pretty sure I now know who egged my car
Gym time sparring 8to10 rounds hardwork!
Lopez, through tears: She's just an amazing little girl.
Developmentally, everything was perfect about hereverything.
Looking for that special toy for sombody?
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for the best selection and the best prices!
LETS MOVE ON TO A NEW SUBJECT K?
what is your identity delabeling activity sschat  i like the way that sounds!
that will make up for prom.
it WILL be fun dont worry
just let me know when so I'm there
I know that!
I've known you since we were four!
:
i just want to meet bob saget.
Followed Hoping will follow back.
COME kick it wit US AT The BLACKFRIDAYEVENT  On Arlington in nov 25 !
thx bro U2.
How u gonna miss this CPC?
It's not til Friday, hop on a flight
Are you planning on attending The Womens Success Summit V on May 17  18?
Who does Sugar Shane owe money to?
Like I just can't fathom why he's out here fighting.
In my school it was simply no cuts no butts.
Not sure if introducing tropical fruit into the matter helps clarify the rule
Warm beer cold bitches!
Sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...sleep...SLEEP D: NO!
I agree.
Scary how easily it spread.
I can't think of any specific physicians off the top of my head.
I'd need to ask around.
Seeing isn't believing, believing is seeing.
: I'll trade you...
my arms for your youth!
lol
Follow TPDL2011 for updates from International Conference on Theory and Practice for Digital Libraries 2011 in Berlin
no fun!
Grandson just got over a 100 fever for 4 days.
But happy guy now!
Houstons Attractions LLC is making some noise in the entertainment industry all of my followers should check them out via
Very sad to hear of Levon Helm's passing.
Lucky enough to see him with The Band years ago.
He had a great show at Summerfest two years ago.
I have to admit, I still cringe when I see someone wearing LSU clothing.
During a Heat game.
If it ain't no emergency don't call me.
Txt only.
All i want is 2 followback and murder one of my
occupiedmedia.us  Cardboard Protesters Take Berlin via
Sonny is money.
ENJOY SPRING BREAK!!!
I need help with algebra!!
Help me!!;
hey what's up
i agree
To integrate one's experiences around a coherent and enduring sense of self lies at the core of creating a user's guide to life.
Why are my neighbors so loud today?
Ice ice baby.
I would give you a sleeping beauty kiss!
Someone needs to take YouTube privileges away from Chris.
Playing Education Connection commercials is not okay at this time of night.
Nice to meet you.
Things are going well.
We've been building Plink for a year.
in the best kind of mood right now
Too stoked for spoonbill snaggin' this weekend!
talking about how athletes get in trouble with twitter
Heeeeeyyyy!
Tomoro's my 40th birthday and I wish I could blink n have u guys appear to rock my party Memphisstyle!!!
Fo real!
Ready to go
My teeth hurt.
I hope that getting a retainer next week will help that.
In related news, I'm whiny.
Whiiiinnnneee.
no place for that crap on twitter or society.
Find them, I need a new punching bag for boxing.
Her presentation feels like a comedy sketch.
Great info w/ humor.
Audience laughing every 10 seconds
Thanks google for the free Internet on airtran.
Sorry you got dissed by groupon today.
they demanded a ransom of 50 million  I was shocked so I laughed and payed with my pocket change
RT Youve got to be before you can do, and do before you can have.
Zig Ziglar
Windows are open, the rain is gone and Joe Hite is playing your favorite tunes!
Stop in and check one of our new wines!
The life I love is bacon, Muslix with my friends.

the car of the Metro train I was in this morning smelled like dead mice.
Disgusting.
Car
doctornk tea for an after meal digestive aid or to calm intestinal inflammation, like Irritable Bowel Syndoctorme
If you like this shot, DO vote for it for HomeMint.
And feel free to share with friends
back porch?
No Meetings Tonight ...
:  ..
but the next 4 days are packed with them  Making this business run is no joke !
success is all i know
Bass doctorm Of Death/DZ Deathrays/tba at Cactus on June 24!
More info soon....
Just how bad is being arrested for assault and battery anyway?
I have not!
I liked Wuthering Heights and they came from the same womb....
I need to get a witness mister Franklin
Cleaning out my timeline...if you're talking crap about Jordan on BB13 you'll be first to go!!
Of course!
: Catching up on the DVR'd episodes of Awake.
I really like this show.
Which probably means NBC will cancel it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
LUV U;
I didn't even know that during the revolutionary war we tried to take canada but we lost the battle in quebec.
Theres a new way to weave together what we already know to help us create new levels of expectation for our lives.8pm 2nite LAtalkradio.com
Ageing Piech maintains iron grip on Volkswagen Ferdinand Piech's recent retreat from the limelight might be seen as a sign the Volkswagen
Big debate here  for a 'family only' section on airline flights...to isolate those screaming babies...going too far?
What do you think???
should a service take sides, or should a media type service try to get people to visits website and use service?
and unbiased
you gotta teach your kid to get the food IN his mouth.
a tough concept to grasp.
i just mastered it a few days ago
que P!!
We r all sitting together!!!
Lmao!!!
Not suggesting you are a nonprofessor..just wishing that they were so thoughtful in my world.
Sorry for the confusion.
I hope you are enjoying this great weather!
Dairy queen...
In my tummy
What do you like best about Carrie Underwood or Lauren Alaina?
1:00pm Hears noise Hmm I wonder what that was...
1:00am Hears noise OH MY GOD WTF WAS THAT!
Maybe you can come to a meetup sometime and show it on your show!
0 for the bears in the post season says Joe Buck
I thought it was going to be cold today 
Did it go something like this.
I want a coco, frappuchino mocha, vanilla decaf, w/ a twist of cream, and grind the beans.
Something tells me Braun is back!
Off for a meeting about an exciting project coming up this year!!
Whenever cause he needs it!
Youu can tomorrow if I'm at home.!
Wish I was in TN right now....i need a change of scenery
In our arguments, let us always have the humility to admit that there is another option...you and I could both be wrong....
Speak to your day, don't let it speak to you.
Let's GO
Ike Taylor had a great game today.
woke up, ran 4 miles, soaked by rain, dodged fixie hipster, saw homeless guys hug, end w/shot of wheat grass  cappucino.
SF.
You seem more like my boy toy than my man
it was too easy!!
Myla went to snuggle with daddy in daddy's bed this morning.
Where does mommy sleep?
Outside.
9 mill a year for 5 years!
He averaged 15.5ppg STUPID player RT Stuckey is insane for balking at that deal right?
good evening.
Thanks for following !
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle
Millennial Donors study found most Millennials use Google to check out nonprofessorts.
Think it's any different for your biz?
Big E?
Whose got the MUNCHIES?
Sometimes the littlest things can make me incredibly happy.
Planning to be at the alamw11 exhibits tomorrow.
Any AIIP/SLA folds want to meet up?
I ate the cake lol
Happy Mother's Day to you.
Immature bastards.
1 in 4 students will remove a school from their list if they can't find info on the web...
2010 Noel Levitz
RIPTHERUNWAY....Looking to see my friend on there.
APRIL FOOLS
without question The Crow  The Beach and Cool World come in a close 3nd and 3rd.
Nope...but I have a dog named Niko....
;
After a long week, finally sitting down to a wellearned pizza and harry potter marathon.
Bliss!
Never be afraid to try something new.
Remember, amateurs built the ark; professorssionals built Titanic.
have faith, stick to the plan...
Sunday Brunch party today at 3pm!
Good hold eddie sedar....smart play
RETWEET if you want to hear Ron Burgundy play Jazz
Earlier Accident on HWY 99W at Walnut St in Tigard has been cleared...
all lanes open.
Thx Coach, also checkout 80/20 dvd May 15th RT : I gotta read that book man!
Has to be one of my summer reads
BEAT LA
S/O to all my illinois ppl on twitter, chicago has been showin me luv evr since i first visitd in 09 i luv it here not sure if ill evr leave
The rainy day turned into a lazy day
that's true.
I've heard the rumors.
Dear cellphone companies, please invent an unsend my text option.
can I get a good luck r/t so I run good today please
I finally found the one thing that inspires me to stay healthy: a bike.
I can work out and be intrigued by my surroundings.
Do you want to help me or want to help you?
Sorry if I hear weid.
You know how to find me:

SAN ANTO'S MOST WANTED  COMIN' TO CITY NEAR YOU 
ohh lol..
I guess if I would have read your name I would have known
Just take the ball and throw it where you want to.
Throw strikes.
Home plate don't move.
Satchel Paige
Just got back from social dev meetup with very cool presentations from and  thanks 
Durant just put his hand in my chest, ripped my heart out and threw it in the 3rd row.
Hurtin
lmfaoo I know and we just woke up now too haha
Everybody Plans for Sporting Nightly
Cain speech on the topics to discuss at RHE 101 Chili Dinner.
Playing hardball like they did with Rollins won't work.
comic relief : my expertise.
Thanx!
Super throwback What up witcha?
Bring checkbook today!!
Rollins background story is.crazy interesting svu yea this about to be a good episode
please i begg u follow me
Boyfriend Video Is Slaying almost 9 million views in 1 day!
commin to live in vegas?
Do you have time to chat about a challenge we have at EOL you may be able to help us with?
Thanks for your time.
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face..
WOW!
That's too funny!
Editing, growing, reflecting...editing, meditating, teaching...stoked 4 the spring births of new ideas, projects,  spiritual opportunities
I've been thinking of that reference through this entire tweet session.
And not it.
Ok soo is following me, which is cool to start with, but I wasn't following him yet...
How did he know I existed???
Why is austins hair so curly lol :o i wonder if its his natural hair..
?
exactly.
Great guy sorry OT had to be him there
RT : Look, I just think it's a bad idea to put Kim Kardashian, Lindsay Lohan, and the Secret Service in one room.
I thought treason was supposed to be the highest crime.
Really I voted 151 times a while ago and now your following fans who screen shot it?
I think having handy dads ruined us in this area.
I am offended at the idea a coffee table would cost more than 30
awesome!
Would love to have had something awesome like this at our wedding to go with our awesome photography!
ah gotcha.
thanks dude feelin awesome about the purchase between the product and the support!
:D
oh ok, glad we've hung out since then!
The ending of the hunger games makes me want to shoot the book.
Did you know today is National Cheese Fondue Day?
We can't wait to celebrate tonight!
Yum.
Mike Ness just gave me the day off tomorrow!
Woot!
What up!
boredom is dangerous :/
thank you Joann...
Love you girl!
probably...
We're weird too.
I love how you guys say colour instead of color haha idk it's just funny.
hey pretty .
Thanx for the follow
And to you!
RT : A merry MagicianMonday to you all!
about to dance my ass off with few people on the cast and the best choreographer ever
Santa Cruz
I feel like Freddie highmore staying home and trying to do all this work before the marking period ends :p
Thankss for letting me go on and on about this.':
The said black ppl or most likely to doctorwn than whites I cant argue wit that kuz I knw hella blacks that cnt swim including me lol
Omg it time for LUNCH...:
Likewise!
Thank you, Stacey!
Yes, you can make it alive!!
Blessings...
I feel like tounge flippin on a song but dont kno what beat i need suggestions!
Yes.
That is a good one.
Royksoppamazing.
:D
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
I'm in the midst of a spacetime continuum called the 'new mommy' zone where I'm completely unplugged  unconnected.
A week behind on email!
This fuckin xbox about 2 make me brake it
ATL  Good times are happening at iLounge Thursday.
Karaoke and spokenword.
Come join us  1287 D Glenwood Ave  8pm.
See you there!
Watching the Bachelorette ..lol..I'm a sucker ..again.:
Been there!
Nice store, way too many employees.
For what human ill is not dawn an alleviation.
Thornton Wilder
I miss you too!
He gone learn real fast
I dont chase money, money chase me...
Bust it babaababyyyy
We're giving away 2 tickets to 's fundoctoriser in LA!
Check us out tomorrow am for a chance to win tickets to an awesome party.
any time!
Will you check out my music and like my Facebook page?
Facebook/laurelwrightmusic
Funny you were in Dallas too?
Well, I was only there while I was stuck in rush hour traffic.
great games so far...gut kept telling me to pick morehead state and I went away from it
you get em?
ObamaBookTitles: Spending the Wealth of Nations
Slow down
: I ain't watch southpark in so longI'm Watchin that bitch too
The sound of E.T.
walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly
I'll eat your shoe if he does
RT : Can't wait to rock tonight with my homie !!
congratulations on your new car!
come in to Brake Specialists Plus to keep it running its best
going to opry mills:
im ready for the break all ready
I was actually thinking about auditioning too :p The musical sounds fun :D
yup new episodes
email me and we'll chat !
Exercise should improve your quality of life, not hinder your ability to walk the next day.
CG Philosophie
With a big burly stranger stalking him did Trayvon have any Stand Your Ground rights?
just wondering...
Oh man, really??
That's awesome.
:D I haven't been since 2009, was just looking at the pictures recently!
I hate to talk out of school, but it's not like I have a choice.
I'm not really allowed within 500 feet of one.
If you doctoram it you can do it!
Melvyn Bragg sounds like he was so bored he almost fell asleep today.
i don't blame him!
What's this crazy rumor about Lily  Harry?
Hahah it's funny cause I met both of them!!
remember?
Morale of the story?
There are bad ass ways for a museum to take on a recession.
I know everyone wants the Jets for HardKnocks but honestly I'd rather see the 49ers, Saints or
I would bathe in strawberry greek yogurt w/granola if I could.
is tangible.
Shout out to Thanks for following!
We look forward to your tweets fam
Okay, and now I just walked in on some strange little gay man laying on my bathroom floor and crying.
Didn't want that part of tonight.
OH the oxide is flowin...this will be interesting.
Grabs bucket o popcorn  kicks feet up
Looking forward to meeting all of you and your friends!
what one you have now?
Please tell me its not advanced task killer.
it sure is doctorggin!
It's a Bye Week for CLFFC, as your Prez and VP will be at SXSW and ice fishing in Wisconsin  but let us know where yr headed tonight!
: Getting all worked up cause I'm not into you..
Lol grow the fuck up  I say the same thing to strippers.
I just want to meet already :
If I ever met ...
my life would be complete c: he's just so gorgeous , I started surfing bc of him :
Petit week end de 5jrs !
:p
I am SO sorry for being MIA.
Working on a piece now, but also on one last paper and work.
I'll keep you posted better.
Nice kitty spirit other Bryce.
God put HERBS on this Earth to heal us!
Good night twitter.
Be easy.
twitter is going mad...but thanks love
Do you have any questions regarding a 'short sale'?
is he surprised?
Has he heard himself talk?
I'll send you a terrific receipe for breakfast that you can prepare in Sunday and eat all week.
I was glad when they said unto me let us go into the house of the Lord!
Meet me  NLIFC 5349 Snapfinger Woods doctor Decatur, Ga
Money is the reason im so mean to people
For after your dinner break: worth noting on that post who the team reps are?
I'm Off Here...
HMU
Happy Birthday!!
what's your username?
Duh.
I should have known that.
lol facepalm Gotta remember you are Coach Ina now!
: RT I'll be coaching at Worlds
and market savvy.
Thanks!
We're happy to have him.
I'm working on my abstract for NCHCMM, so excited!
This is THE wknd to kick off yr gardening w a workday at Girard at 10, then head over to for a tea party  more!
Lame nigga be quiet.
What do you guys think is more selfrighteous, Thor or TreeOfLife?
Liquids, liquids, liquids.
Can't wait for school tomorrow..
3
Thanks for the RT on the VisionWalk.
:
Its Hot AF Today
And that's what makes you a GODDESS!!!
Cant wait to see you on the ALL STARS SHOW!!
CelebrityApprentice I don't know why Lisa got kicked off.
I feel like it should have been her and Arsenio in the final two.
Poolside margaritas sound really good right now...
Thank you to all of YOU!
We do it again soon :
Good choice to include Dad!
I got to hear some great old engineering shenanigans this weekend :
Right on time, right on time
Shoutout to the most amazing mothers i know.
You know You all got a text from me :
Stupidity pisses me off.
Small strap fits arm circumference of 6.5 10 Medium fits circumference of 8 15 Large fits 12 24 Hope this helps
ladies we have summer doctorsses in and they are to die for:
Freddy is a beast!
Don't facebook, text, social media, etc.
during work time unless you have permission to do so
thanks for the follow!
DS: to all people thinking Jim Caldwell will eventually replace Cam Cameron as OC...
CHILL!
Dude has NEVER been an OC in his career.
NEVER!!
You niggas can never get your information straight
I'm sure your feet could use some sprucing up!
Lol!
And that little boy..
Oh dear.
What were his parents thinking?!?
Lol!
omg yes I'm totally down
sorry to hear about the accident amigos.
You guys still rock!
haha thanks im gonna upload a music video on saturday!
:
My job is to Stop Stupid or at least slow it down Rep Stacey Abrams
congrats on the book and cool reality game!
Where/can we read book?
Saw it awhile back and it had me shaking my head in disgust too.
Pretty sure someone left that note about the extra king bed....
RT Gary Podesta and Doug Carl need to get a room
Mamiya 645, or a Yashica TLR.
Both well under 200 for great, sturdy, cameras and killer lenses.
Personally recommend Mamiya 645 :
Ms.piggy DONT do it.
gOD Twitter is boring .
WE NEED TWITTER GAMES
Reminded by the studios to let everyone know that today is National Hiring Day for McDonald's.
GET HIRED, MILWAUKEE!
they just started the pics of KS2 at  haven't seen Sasha's class yet but I'll keep an eye out :
Electonic resources  the new mainstream  Lugg
That awkward moment when someone says, name a good song  you suddenly forget all songs that were ever made.
me too
But you already know how the Hunger Games ends.
I think Scottsdale Plaza.
Nate booked us a bilevel suite so it's all set!
Why?
You changed your mind?
Come!!!!
um...today is actually Dieciseis de Mayo.
Hi honey : No, I'm from Croatia actually :D XD you?
RT Open Source Robotic Surgeon: GlobalEcho writes Researchers have created a second version of the Raven robotic s......
Our very own, will be tweeting LIVE from the and the AllStar Game tonight from Orlando Follow!
Just Wanna Be Heard
I guess I do too, but 162 games is too long to suffer for a doctorft position given unpredictability of baseball doctorftees.
DOE mtg to discuss closure of ABCD school in BedStuy can barely be heard over protesting parents...
Ah thanks Manda!
thanks for the shout
Thank you friend for the FF.
That was a great chat.
And you really added so much!
One a.m i have to wake up at 6 shit fml
Nothing like Jack's Mannequin and iced coffee on such a beautiful morning.
I don't wanna be mean but some people should really stay away from cameras
RT : I don't even know how I survived before push to start was invented
So tired of hearing about avengers.
Its jus another fucking superhero movie.
Haven't seen it yet but guarantee know what's gone happen
Excavation for the foundation walls of Holy Rosary Church, located at 444 E.119th St., near Pleasant Ave., had commenced on April 24,1884.
awe that's god , but I hope shes okay !
bet im emailing now
lol been there
haha yes ma'am I fucking love Sublime,  The Black Keys,
hell yea I know jamonji lol
bridesmaid gowns
julian be soo mad they got ray bans up here for 30 lol gotta love NEX....
Aa I called u yesterday
S/O to my best friend for joining the Twitter fam!!!
We know Marcum threw the shaving cream pie because a Cardinal just hit it off the scoreboard
on twitter acting a fool early in the morning...need to stop it and get myself ready for work...need some tea and breakfast
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
6 days until we open up at Denison.
Let's go Pioneers!
Startn2mar let finish da summer of like last year :
bad accident i70 wb past 23rd
Oprah Only thing holding me back is Get my show on your network Over 35 years paying for my own airtime Need Oprah Golden touch Dawn Reese
All ready for libmade!
Fresh cup of tea and everything.
Hopefully there will be useful stuff for our ALA pres coming up on Library Labs.
8in and up your hired
watching his back as we speak...in a non creepy way
Hi Mike, I've got lots of authorised pics from clients on NEC3 projects that BIW has helped to succesfully deliver.
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
The client list 
i like leaving hickies ;
If you my dear followers can make or follow me I'll put my true photo, RT all ur friends n followback
Horse cops bringing up rear
Wassup longtime no hear !!
tats subs
lol sucks for you david but we all know jamir has been waiting to sit  chill in football lol
the show is at Beat Kitchen
ulterior motive is John Edwards' alternative name.
mister Motive, do you take this woman ...
RT : : An actor is not afraid to take risks; to put on different hats; to be a good guy, bad guy, victim, abuser.
If that's our point of disagreement, it's a nice clean divide.
There's a perfect moment when you're scrubbing your house because your wife is on her way w/ your childoctorn and you want them to be received.
Why get your tits pierced and not show them off?
Might as well pierce your tongue and not give head.
waiting on the new cwa album.
Singer Stevie Rachelle said new music in the fall
hope you have a great one too!
follow back, and I love it how guys support justin!
thanks for the add and much success on your book
exact same here
Morning peeps!
Pizza and orange sody.
It's added to the queue.
Right behind haikus generated off of status updates and my talking twitter client.
Catching microwaves on fire;
leo u r tweeting at the globe what next Lmao
Well no sleep tonight...
Work can deenergize a romance.
Try to limit conversation to a recap of the day's highs and lows and the sharing of ideas that excite both.
the roof is
Feeling a bit down so clearly my most obvious coping mechanism is to doctornk tea and listen to John Mayer alone in my office.
I've only been single for like an hour and I already hate it.
how was this morning?
Its your first anniversary so I tgought I'd check
Getting Bored Here...
So Im Out...
Talk To You ALL L8er
wisely has Mad Men in their screening room each Sunday, with matching cocktails.
a true directioner would RT this yeah okay bro OKAY
Next up...Rolling Stone, Vogue, and Cooks Illustrated!
:
Haha, its all about maximizing usage of life :D I have lazy cat days too!
Kick some psych final butt!
mom made me walk today to school just because I was being 'rude' .
Creepy patrons are creepy.
I had to take my daughter to a show of his, I am still traumatized
Come and see our new International Newsroom in UL2135!
oh my goodness.
adhasjfashjgfa
No one cares u fat whore
Round of applause for all of the SAIC students.
The colors, textures, and silhouettes have been brilliant  we've yet to hear Lana Del Rey
It's always got to be that one person fucking up my day,
thestruggle of trying to hit the high notes in refill .
Santorum's endorsement of Romney: a a symbolic dab of Brylcreem  a vague nod in his general direction.
that behind you looks quite cozy !
check stephen Heller.
good music.
Took a Victoria Wood song to sing for Donna McKechnie today.
The U.S.
gets the mister.
Thatcher line but does not know what Vimto is.
A cup of coffee.
Caffeine can counterreact the antifocus mechanism in attention deficit disorder.
; Good luck!
yes, he is!
SpeakDatTruth!!!
I love me some Pookie!
Nothing like having an ex stalk you, 
u are my idol!!!!
your voice is amazing like really its so beautiful and i hope to sound like you someday!
3 please follow
Shopping on your lunch break is just too easy
When you're listening to conversations you know you shouldn't be hearing.
After four days in New Orleans, I'm slowly weaning myself down to normal calorie intake.
Can't do it cold turkey.
I finally know what I want out of life.
Well, almost got the old mug ripped off by a skate yesterday.
Let's got play again today!
ubuntu1 irc channel people are nice even to people who really should eat shit and die
I will in a bit!
I just got off the plane.
Nobody claps for Gingrich saying lots of government programs do good jobs.
Funny.
blacken the day
Takin' it to the streets
Feeling really ill eughh
Wow!
Fingers crossed.
Thanks to everyone trying to mitigate...
But he was a rogue ref!
RT : that would be silly except for the whole, a ref got caught gambling on games thing :/
haha so still want grilled food!
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow daa new one
And to top it off they then resort to name calling...people need to grow up!
i just came across  's channel and omg LMAOOOO!!!!!!!!
ur super funny!
xD
I love the making of this brand more than one I started when I was 17 because it is so much harder to break in this market!
this year, pack a romper.
though, you won't need it because hunter isn't around to carry you piggyback style
kicking off the SoMeSMPS workshop!
I'm practicing caution!
Not sure how much longer I can use the babydwelling real estate, though.
Why have I not watched ORPHAN until now?!
Two little girls just straightup murdered Detective Wyms from THE SHIELD!
The Fn2s in collab with Youth Summer Basketball tournament registration will open up next week!
One of the best FF tags I've ever been a part of  thank you so much!!!
My Mentions 
well at least they weren't hitting on me.
Or...
whatever they were trying to do.
lol
Yeah he my boo thang :D
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it.
James Allen
that was probably the last caribbean food spot that had plantains in St Martin.
lol.
So excited for new followers!
Shoot me a tweet if you have any product questions, or just want to share a great video!
Thanks for hanging out with us!
Happy Australia Day to the Aussies!
We will be celebrating in the US this weekend with meatpies, coopers and Tim Tams galore!
I'm happy to report you've officially gotten my vote today in Precinct 9 in Michigan.
Good luck tonight!
i dm it
My 4 year old daughter Maya: how does watch all the kids to know whether they've been good or bad , does he use Skype or something?
Why is there so much traffic downtown?
wow today was boring and a lil successful at the same time been sending emails all day about the Fall Jam 2010 and worked on the office
We don't have tickets to Monster Jam but the wife is hell bent on making sure our son goes.
were bummed too!
i just did it friend lol
: my future husband better be makin enough money to take me out to eat 3 times a day.
cause i can't cook for shit.
tbh
it was great meeting you on set today.
and then you had to go to the hospital
I stand corrected : I thought it wouldn't fit in with the Linux culture but i guess i was wrong!
working hard on this weeks supplychain workshop and marketing IMC...!!!
Bama having some boot issues
Do you watch ?
Well, if you've seen Jessedaley plan an extra, GO FOLLOW HIM.
3 :D he's amazing.
hahaha um sorry i don't have any advice for that :/
Did you know you can send us private messages on our FB Page now?
I may be a little late...
but I still must say WOW and how awesome and grateful I am that OBAMA SUPPORTS SAME SEX MARRIAGE!
RT : I do not enjoy the word runny.
random // How about the word ruddy?
Can next saturday plz hurry and get here???
RT : Thank you to for speeding the day with us for CFALeadercast // Thx to all the volunteers who made it happen
Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope
Thank you for attending the ContentMarketing session at FredNMT by ...
glad to have had you there!
Excited to learn more about my role at the at the meeting this afternoon
haha that's funny.
I was a lot bigger back then in my wrestling days
well i have a crazy single that is about to doctorp i know u will love it !!!
It's called I don't wanna doctoram
hey wait r u my big or lil
I love this!
LMAO!!!
Pint sized lump of pure evil hahaha
R,I,P, mikewallace !
For the ones who are madly in love, yet busy in work can actually take some time out and plan a special Valentine gift for your partner
Where can I order a custom bike that was on SharkTank?
Looking for a Packers bike, go pack go.
4WordsYouDontWantToHear Sorry about your balls.
Hey Greg!
Thanks for following me, great to hear from you since the internship ended.
How have you been?
How were the holidays?
I hate when people ask me whats wrong or what happened JUST to be nosy.
You was never there for me...so why you concerned?
We have an exciting announcement we will be making later this evening...be watching for it!
Thanks everyone for the nice tweets 2day,that really means to me a lot!
sports dictate my mood an unhealthy amount
Its gorgeous in Milwaukee as well!
I just started it last week.
I'm glad that you are now a charter member!
You can guest blog.
I touched the humid brow of New England then realized a return to the Pacific was necessary.
People on Twitter need to stop being so sensitive.
It's ok to disagree!
At the park getting ready to start.
Noted as I doctorve west on Schuylkil Expwy: red dots pasted on every deer warning sign, right above the nose.
Rudolph's from Philly?
Who knew?
I realize I'm late to the party, but I just heard  congrats on the new rugrat!
Yay!
TOLD YOU.
But in better news, huge congrats to !
All American Beer Pong hosting a six week round robin tournament in Boston...
Interesting contacts at marketing group!
You spread lies.
Everything cool was created at UWMadison.
It's technically Hunters old one, but I will.
Only if you'll wakeboard too.
Ok thankz we can later 2moro gotta get up in a few...thankz again ;
How is your evening going so far, everyone?
: Blame Lil Wayne for this weather, he always make it rain.
OMG......
Fckn hilarious........
indeed :D
JUST HANGING OUT WITH MY DOG FINN,,,,,
New album
The nice part of me being kidnapped would be that someone thought I looked young
aww..
Gary Pinkel is trending  and not for anything good.
Poor judgement indeed, but unforgivable  I think not!
I wish my weekends didn't consist of working all the time, but damn my paychecks are fancy.
i love it when you call me big poppa
AT IHOP with
Dear John was amazing.
3
you're welcome.
Hope it was helpful 
New Website Design!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
me too.
random people keep calling me on oovoo right now ahah
Today's BTU inspiration: Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
J.R.R.
Tolkien
Hey actors  What sag screeners are we gonna get?
I got The Help yesterday!
so nice meeting you today b4 your performance, you did amazing: Keep dancing!
Love you!:
we were just talking about it last night ad we read it to our son.
Wouldn't fly anymore!
Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
Sandoctor Smith is now a member of Americas Health Insurance Plans!
My mom taught me to doctoram big  encouraged me to go far, even when it meant moving across the country for doctoram job!
Purple Rhino is available for 35 and 8th all day today  Tea Pot Lounge
I just got it.
U were saying he can't win big games...I thought u were thinking he'd won a big game.
Sorry, my bad...Chi Chi out!
Need a new iPad for less than 20?
Head to BidFather.com and win one today!
No im just glad we dont have school tomorrow
Performing a magic show and twisting balloons in Brockton, Ma.
at 1:15pm
Time for some WINNERS!
Tune in now X EFFECT New Music Show now in session 10pmid.
Top of 11p featuring 3 of Vegas's top local bands...
Top 1 of startups account for 40 of new job creation  Anthony Chen  Silicon Flatirons Conference
i39;d like to learn more sometime later
Actual line from a paper I'm reviewing: The heroin is a young woman named Belle who falls in love with the Beast despite being enchanted.
this person i don't like.
Wow, it's July!
Where did the first half of 2011 go?!?
is the world really round  yes you didn't go into space so how do you know for sure?
'' astronauts say so!!!
what if there wrong um
17 ACLS fellows and grantees among the 2012 Congratulations!
We'll post a list soon.
No?!
Guys,i go to Paris !
Tonight !
My parents make me a surprise !
Sort of not really.
But it'll be fine!
This guy is!
Bring me some winners Ladies!
and I have many things in common but most importantly of all we believe in breaking rules and abundant orgasms
It really helps to also have an understanding of computers, analytics, seo optim.
etc.
Plus skills like CSS, PHP etc.
It's looking like the Celtics fans ran all up in Atlanta.
Stop asking me plz i hate answering 
they have battled adversity all season!
I'm not surprised......
DM me your cell.
We should text.
B.o.B gets advice from Chris Martin for 2nd album
Last weekend at Jwu and I'm goin to sleep?
My school suck
We got a cd from local band a lil while ago at a concert we are jammin to heartspeak check them out!
my god Kobe
Get down wicha bad self
has found a new love for cheese cubes!
When the teacher plays rap music in class  hahaha
haha somethin like that....
Are you back home now?
random fact I just discovered..
Ice nine kills is still a band.
They are playing a festival in the next couple months
I wonder how many ppl would tweet or post a fb status if the world was ending?
O.o
That's the kind of place this islots of sexy people, not doing much work, having affairs.
God I love the I.T.
Crowd.
For National Library Week instead of linking a good library article.
Thoughts: Web linked Newspapers NEED location in byline.
seriously!
You're not my life but you're the one I want to spend it with.
You're not my world but you're the best thing in it.
Praise Jesus I love the black church!
No one ever seems to bring up the obvious postdivorcefromBen devastation and loneliness subtext of that Siri commercial.
Total power outage across all of renton
so wanna buy an 02 gti?
It runs great.
For now...
mw2012 is almost like being there.
And I can wear my pajamas.
As if you had any doubt that you would be elected Chair.
:
smbmad Thanks for coming Bruce  interested to hear about your take aways
OK, so maybe I'll need to start using twitter again, since my sister, , is here now.
sent u 2 DM's!!
please read them!
oh great!
Let me know if you need someone to stop by with a case of keystone and make you a sandwich!
Sounds wonderful!
Will keep an eye out :
well thanks much!
If I leave are you gonna wish I stayed?3
third interview on Wednesday!
Will be ringing you for sealthedeal help Monday; I want this so badly!
Jxo
Little kid cartoon movies 
I love you so much that if you wanted to get innto my phone youde enter YOUR last numbers in you phone
Love your stuff!
All the presents we got from your store were a hit!
like okay.
Learn silk screening from the at the Demo Booth.
You can also enter to win a textile
Prince George then a huge detour to Dawson Creek!
RT IF YOU HAVE AN INSTAGRAM FOLLOW ME TaylorBieber15  I POST UP TO DATE PICS OF JUSTIN BIEBER AND OTHER CELEBS WE ALL LOVE!
:
Dog Park Murder.
Almost serves those Wyman Park Poopers right!
I knew you were the same.
People never change.
I got so busy, I fell off the gratefulness wagon.
Back on today and grateful for my chiropractor!
Welcome back!
Hope your holiday break was relaxing and rejuvenating.
We are so ready for a great 2012.
When I started at my med library, everyone hoped I'd meet someone there.
Sorry, happy with my English major BF.
your welcome:xo
Hello Mike  can you send a link to the Milwaukee Makerspace?
I would like to visit and check it out.
Thanks!
check ur email bro
:.
I wish I could talk to you and Nanda on the phone at least.
Maybe I can calm her down and help her feel better.
;
This just in, Luke Bryan does NOT want this night to end
Today was good, happy president's day but not to the moron that is currently in office.
I hope America will kick him out soon
Young Freezy wants to be friends on Facebook.
You have 54 friends in common.
Reply add to confirm.
lolwat
i just can't stand artificially folksy.
i grew up somewhere artificially folksy and i can't take it in any form.
thanks for being awesome!
sounds like a plan!!!
i think i got u sick ive been sick and still am
Thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed it!
/cc
Hey!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Pretty sure I just failed that bio test.....
I'm with you on that!
People keep blowing it off like its no big deal...
LOVE IS NOT REAL.
Konerko just stole standing up
bitch i just told you about that the other day!
for A2: plan, plan, plan!
Have good training sessions, get ppl excited, think ahead.
B flexible!
if you don't have plans tomorrow night there's a free show at the hole in the wall  hello wheels and shakey graves.
2 faves.
Mo and I hiked up to Turkey Creek Hot Springs.
With 3 crossings of Gila River.
Cold wet feet at each crossing.
But nice, warm at the springs
still haven't noticed Qaaa???
You can use the cold tea bags for hot tea...
its the same product : We would love to have a Canadian distributor...
any ideas?
Pat Sajak is one funny man!
Can I stop studying the new NFL OT rules now?
I wanna get ittyttytt.!!?!!
please follow me?
:
Anyways...: happy mothers' day to all the mommas out there .
Thanks for trending !!!
LoL 2Pac?
I heard he's still alive hiding in a Walmart somewhere...no wait, that was Elvis ;
Weekend is finally here.
Really?
How do you translate cancer care?
By politicizing women's health and reproductive choices?
On my daily grind to put food on the table, a roof over their heads and clothes on their backs!
seriously?
May be taking a cruise that docks there for 2 days then puerto vall.
im doing well.
How are you?
I'm glad it turned out alright.
I think I may have been sleep walking a little.
We Are in April, Its Boutaa Be May  The Weather is Still Cold WTF  Didnt We Have Hot Weather The Other Day, This Weather Is Soo BiPolar
Happy mother's day!
I used to hate cats, but now these two make my day.
They are hilarious and adorable
Hood rat, hood rat, hoochie mama
Wowthe intro on charliechrist topic on billmaher was rough for those who don't know
Strive to get to the place where you don't want to trade your life for someone else's.
You always have a fun prospective!
lol silly people tweeting me trying to advertise others to me.
no fanks.
not if i dont know you bye.
haha it definitely is!
Text me!
I have something to ask youu.
Before you get a 1,000 dollar guitar, you should probably know how to play it first.
Just sayin'
thanks for following and hello from The States.
Big crowd at JJ Jump today.
Such a great idea for wearhouse space!
Morning Marcie  How are you?
i hear ya,, I so need one too.
I am glad to hear u r doing so well.
take lots of pics for me plz!
Have a blast!
Congrats to our partner !
Lets celebrate SeniorCorps Week  honor the awesome older volunteers in our community
Love is like a flower, even the most beautiful kind dies
Huge thanks to everyone tweeting from AIF2010.
I'm loving the strands of info!
Great content.
I definitely want to go next yr
42 to 50 what's it gonna be?
i really cant anymore
cooking channel just aired a commercial about a resource for people with eating disorders
Important reminder that we still have a way to go  those with foodallergy can never be too careful.
So tragic.
70 years ago today, the US entered WWII; More than 16 million American men would go on to serve in the war before 1945
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best..
vague.
Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Poe
kudos to LA city firefighters on the dog rescue.
Hackin us up like its judgement day....
it goes great!
You?
go outside dumbass
Can we go at 11am on Sat?
I want to be there as soon as they open.
Let me know if that works for you!
I don't even know you any more
Watching and blogtv!!!
Gurrrrl.
You have no idea.
exhausted !
Soccer Tryouts are the worst but that's what I'm gonna have to go through because I love the game:
u Kara.
Some dude who can't let u go?
Hello from sunny Kentucky.
TGIF TGIF TGIF Have a tiggeriffic weekend.
C U all back here on monday over coffee.
I don't feel like sleeping
Hey , we promise to shout out answers from the treadmill if you add some cancer or running questions to the mix on Thurs.
Sometimes it's just nice to know that there are nice people in this bad world
RT irony: the metadata provided by a digitalpreservation tool correlates to the variables I use to run
I need Nyquill but that's downstairs with the Aliens.
Nine of my logos were just published in Logos 2: Bright Ideas from Around the World edited by David E.
Carter.
Thank you!
I Guess I'm About To Chill Widd Some Co Workers Tonite
Always ready
Sounds like she will make a fine politician someday.
heading to Las Vegas for the weekend
First two days of Boston trip  dismal, but tomorrow is going to be awesome.
:
So I Get Off comes on my iPod and I listen to it...then I had to listen to the entire album.
But don't worry...it's still amazing!
Messed up one of my past tweets...
Discount nature magazine subscriptions
Our first interview with Adam Ruben just set a traffic record for Post Academic.
Thank you for visiting!
Part 2 is tomorrow.
all u hater say hi to it lol
Please email me: and let me know what you're trying to do so I can find you the right person.
:
im enjoying my time .
i hope my summer is just as good
The worms will get in.
They always get in.
Had a nice 6.25 mile run around Lake Wingra today.
Met up with another for 3 miles.
Always fun to share the road with another runner.
And Jacob vs..
Whoever is possessing John Locke
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Cicero
Oprah is one beautiful lady and if you have something negative too say about this statement just keep it to yourself.
why it get so cold?
: Every single Simpsonizer deserves to be the NJY girl.
LET THE CHURCH SAY AMEN!
Shots shots time, i love watching tv shows doctornk, i feel like i understand them better
Totally agree!!
RT: Tip for today: Avoid meanspirited people.
They are the devil's kinfolk.
its MOTHERS DAY and a Sunday ta boot.
You couldnt cut the lawn yesterday or even tomorrow?
Assholes.
Its 7am...let us sleep.
LeBron is that dude...
Thanks to everyone who supported us  even though we didn't hit our goal, we did make some great friends in the process!
wowww dad love you too
.
The amount of monies spent on programs negates desire to put classroom libraries in place.
Damn.
That was fast, if true.
Mike Sweeney is a Phillie
If you can't query on it, you can't segment on it  so don't try
Just A Kiss was our song.
We both sang it to eachother.
Now everytime i hear it, i cry.
You should follow They make incredibly cool shirts.
Some creepy and spooky check them out!
candles candle holders oil warmers discount candles www.discountgifts365.com
The true gentleman does not preach his beliefs until he does so by his actions.
thanks love I'm about to call u
: love u2
Why do people continue to overlook Ron Paul, isn't he the most conservative of all the Republican hopefuls?
Left handed Guitars: Guitars, accessories and information for left handed guitarists error
website message: we depend on ad revenue, please disable your adblocker.
tip: everything on your site is also on OTHER sites, Einstein.
are you really tweeting in chem?
How was that a blow to the head??
That's a really good point!
We want to help not make the experience more difficult.
Wrangling kids is a challenge!
I would like to thank you for the advice you gave me when i was in chicago for the APHIA convention.
id have been shitty too lol
Don't let looks be everything.
..
it what inside that counts..
speak and be heard..
smile and be seen.
Ask and you'll know.
I want to watch Stand By Me :/
i must really be uncool....nobody ever wants to hang out wif me....
:'
hells yes!
thank you for showing these milwaukee boys some love, adam!
they are talented, amazing peeps
When a girls face is pretty , but her body is ALL KINDSA FUCKED UP!
Hmm, wonder if Adoctoran Gonzalez getting HBP by Matt Moore had anything 2 do w/ guaranteeing HR 2night?
Will Felix retaliate?
keep in mind the unlimited for 30 is only for a limited time  the new iPhone is also due to come out midyear.
how do you miss a breakaway dunk?
LOLOLOL
That CabinInTheWoods movie was a trip...
I hate this feeling of not knowing.
Seriously, why can't professorssors just post grades on Blackboard?
Watching Frozen Planet with Viggle Sun  5PM  Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
if your timeline is flooded with people rt'ing the biebs, that's a you problem
I've missed you too!!
'D
The Breakfast of Champions!
RT : I have to get my morning fix w/ 
Jimmy Johns is better breadwise, but subway kills the breakfast, has more veggies, and don't get their food pushed to a side
Happy Fat Tuesday!!
Join us tonight for live music and 1 off TX beers
Is everyone bday in February?
To many people!
Everywhere I go I here happy bday litterally each day there's a freaking bday can't keep track
I know.
We were just talking about this last night with our friend who works at NESN.
Overcapitalized startup fail of the day: stealth mode designed into logo in stylized font.
I know I'm gonna lose followers
Disagree.
Edward Sharpe pillages psychedelia's corpse in an nprfriendly way.
He's too selfconsciously retro to be folk.
Number One Son has been home from MSU since Friday night.
So far he's logged about 36 hours of sleep and 20,000 calories.
Pretty little liars tonight: so excited!
I have used video.
Well received
:D It shouldnt be too hard to get people to listen.
and once they do they'll love it haha
covered in hair.
.
.
Do you have an artist, or actor you would like to meet?
Come meet them at Madame Tussauds.
You wont believe what you will see.Tomorrow 2pm.
i've never seen the notebook...
im weird.
Sunshine and smiles!
Laundoctor and lots of laundoctor!
Rang in the new year to the immortal strains of Baby Got Back.
Ditching the cocktail bar for the karaoke bar was a good decision.
I know, the Old Gun Slinger 4 is coming back!!
Red Sox Nation caught a whiff of fresh air last night after ARod's last atbat.
:
Prayin' for fast recovery B!
Ugh dnt wanna go to wrk
Just woke up to a serious battle!
Wow
do u follow back?
Prayer request for Lynn: Please pray for her healing and also peace as she awaits test results.
She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
Do you have talking points ready when you go into an interview?
How are you going to answer: What's up?
those summer opportunities sound awesome!
Thanks for the heads up!
I get Truxie, nice dev work  real benefit to the food truck owners and consumers.
Efficient for both sides.
Good job guys.
Fuck me like ya missed me
The best salt for your health is natural and unrefined, not heavily processed.
haha how old r u?
3
Onions have been shown to help reduce blood pressure and cholesterol  Just be sure to keep those breath mints handy!
i noticed the same thing!
Also,what was with his calling out of the woman with the crying baby?He should have told ppl to ignore it
Secret Life, Secret Death at the Oriental Theater in Milwaukee, TONIGHT on May 10, Thursday, 7 p.m.
AFTER PARTY at Von Trier's.
I get pissed when I hit every single red light!
Ugh!
RT : Miami...
join the family of Trayvon Martin and I at your rally on 04/01, for more information contact
dude, all about the taco trucks in oakland.
Battle of the taco trucks coming up I think!
Ok, Jenny doesn't want to hit tweet limit so DM me?
uk we can wear boots
lol this all confuses me.
Oh well.
THIS IS OUR TOWN
Following  I too have exchanged my iPad 3 for Verizon model.
This Twitter thing is starting to cost me money
My ex just texted me telling me to get the fuck over her??
Wtf?
Grow up.
RT : LSU  Wisconsin the only schools with at least one player selected in each of the first three rounds.
Check your spelling.
I'm glad your in one direction
Where and when is the townhall tomorrow?
The Hoya would love to attend.
I've got strep and cat scratch fever.
I'm a winner!
have you registered for CAA yet?
15knot winds at the local beaches right after El Clasico on a beautiful Boston spring Saturday?
It took the Empire several trillion dollars of overreaction  countless lives to do the only reasonable post 9/11 action: death of OBL.
lol not spamming.
Just kidding around.
TSB is good stuff.
Podcast is good too.
so i took a nap around 5 and didnt wake up till 10
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes I wish I could just crawl out
Hiring people is an art, not a science, and resumes can't tell you whether someone will fit into a company's culture.
Howard Schultz
I told this dude I'm busy til the middle of next month and he still texts everyday like if u have time I'd love to see you today
The patio is open!
Come on down!
lots of good things going on and SteveO picked me to give a pair of tickets too!
Will be meeting him tonight :
You made my day with classy !
:
so sad!
RT All 52 Bottlenose and 7 Risso Dolphins, including young calves, have been ruthlessly murdered in Taiji.
I was just wondering how you comb your hair so the horns dont show?
it's your fantasy, but wouldn't Bitch, please sound better coming from Samuel L Jackson?
We also support maps created on Google Maps.
Thanks for making Portico's first AME conference great!
lol im okay long as you aint tryin to fuck we cool, I got my own dick for that...a nice fat Puerto Rican one too hahah ;
working lunch again
No offense to the Zombies but I am very glad to be able to focus 100 on my first true love, the NBA.
Go Hawks!
onceuponatime omg, charming getting ass kicked :/
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection::: Michelangelo :::www.itsartnotstuff.com...Luv Art!
Watching The Last Song Even thou' i hate mileycyrus.lol
TheEllenShow Tomorrow!!!!
Because of victoriajustice Woo!!!!!
A1.
Is it typical for formal policy to arise from a mistake, crisis, overstepping?
Workaholics is the greatest show!!
My fingers ..
They itchin ...
They itchin for tha paper
She said, I thought u were a role model?
I replied Yes, I model rolls.
I work for Philsbury.
The fine folks at just made my week.

Is a BIG MEANIE!
My great grandma stopped by and doctorpped off my HamCheese on italian bread fromm Subway.
Ustream and Subway!
Wahoo!!
:D
We don't need a reason I  whatever she puts out!
keep it up.
do something go with someone, I did I had so much fun at the park, :
did you see mine?!?!?
ILoveAWoman whos not too proud or afraid to say ImSorry IFuckedUp or ThisIsHard cause our relationship's bigger than her pride or fear
Tubby and Donna!
Wow!
Happy Easter everyone!
Cooked, got church in, worshiped, ate Qdoba, watched hoops, napped and can't wait for fam dinner at my bro's place!
So the machine just gave 3.50 in quarters.....
SmackDown shut up now go away
I still can't get over the fact that followed me without me asking:
So glad I switched from to.
New features keep proving it to be the better service.
a song
Lol I barely use iTunes anymore.
I'm become accustomed to buying albums in stores now.
Looks like Billy Hunter was taking great care of his family
oh yes check my tweets from last night, haha
I bought a bunch of stuff for kickball.
Is that something?
yeah, it sounded rusty.
you gotta come visit us in DC!
this is awesome i luv u and i hav ur tweets sent to my phone so i can keep up with u....oh and i am not a stalker.hehe just sayin
It's all in how you play with the numbers.
The number of professortable programs goes way down if you count subsidies
lol nothing wrong with white iphone, but
thanks for the mention!
We heart
Mo Triptifan, Mo Problems
Man I think its that time
ever thought of expanding coverage over to this side of the state?
I'd happily help you out!
can we go2 CANADA this summma
we're thinking patio coldcraftbeer as part of today's EABF countdown.
:
MarkCurtisWood...thanks for following me.
douggieb
im really srri : is there anything i can do to help?
thanks kid!
hey, promise u'll say good night be4 u sleep, right?
Brock Lesnar says i'm back and i feel good.
Fights Allistar Overeem in Vegas Dec 30th.
Winner gets Velasquez/Dos Santos winner.
who are you?:
Still trying to get my Awesome WM desktop just the way I like it, but I'm REALLY liking it!
Tiling window managers are...
awesome!
heh...
Loving the life that I'm living.
He's a nice person once you get to know him.
might as well just say, He's a jerk, but you'll get used to it.
no prob.
Awesome pic.
Happy Monday :
I'm following you but you're not following me!!!
Thomas escaped the media scrum out a side door
Crying inside after hearing smooth jazz soprano sax cover of Step in the Name of Love.
To quote R.Kelly a tear just fell up out my eye :'
prin Bucuresti...
chilling like a boss ....
am chef de facut muzica!!!
where da studio at?
hey now!
I have to try!
8 mins left in our 1 hour delay.
Will we take off or will we call a quits?
Either way, it may be a wild night in chitown for me ...
totally!
you have grace
I need new headshot's :
hey n ur welcome
also on fox and nba playoffs its a good day to be a fan
Going on Day Two of...nothin' much, in a satin robe.
And it is heavenly.
to place an order...NX Order in the subject line
I think my last tweet deserves a RT from :
A little late, but  I LOVED the movie.
I cried like a baby and I NEED to see it again soon!
Cain to endorse Newt; cites his ability to just divorce wives on sickbed rather than lie to them for 13 years as sign of decision making.
Slight hiccup.
Fresno film is close.
WHO wants to get McD's breakfast before I have to go to work, I have a car this morning
This month The 1 Million Facebook Experiment is supporting Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs.
Join now and help!
I'm predicting Tim will throw 3 TDs on Sunday.
I loved the old pictures.
: : RT Did you see DuckDynasty on Inside Edition?
They rocked!!
Yup
DFW and MKE.
One of these is the 4th largest metro area in US, the other...isn't.
doctorw similarly.
All hail Mark A.
my fuckn toe hurts..D:
Dear twitter followers in  around Monroe, GA.
Please join Nice Guys DJ this Sat night at Amici.
DJ/Lights/BigCityFeel all in your back yard
Does miss Chicago.
;  he know it :D
I must say.
I enjoy watching Paul McCartney.
this is cool
All of them simultaneously!
RT : Nick Cope's in town to guest DJ at the Get Down tonight.
starts at 10pm, Mad Planet, 533 E Center St, Milwaukee, WI.
USA.
Everyone keeps telling me he's a keeper,I just say it's to early to tell: I'm not gonna force anything: just let it be.
I finally got my cake de tres leches!!!
With the current challenges in WA state, was surprised to vote on such marginal issues today!
lol it's gonna be a classic
Tip 199: Consider that at a full table 16 cards are never going to come on the turn or river.
You have less outs than you may think.
CRAP Anyone See or HERE Damage n Henryville, IN MY FAMILY lives there.
HS destroyed
It is bad enough when  overides ecological needs but when an Eco geek makes the same decision based on a few  I get really pissed
good bye molly :' sing for the angles
I wish I was seeing you!
Can you come to Boston please.
beerfriday has officially started.
I love my job
I heard a lecture yesterday:scientists trained organotypic slices w/ electrical impulses.A brain in a dish learning!
Intelligence?
Homemade kale and quinoa salad with a yummy margarita!
My name is Jamie Davidson and I am comfortable in my own skin.
If WalMart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Due to newly added music I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP Email members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Finally last period, yay with my friends Maria Jannette Jennifer and me!!!!!
till then we can do the 69!!
I think you should cause yolooo lol
I think the comments/notes on Pinterest are hard to read  font and format is hard to see.
For text, like wikis better.
Time is slowing down as it slowly becomes time.
could you give me a shoutout ?: idk why just random;?
Gives thanks to the creator of Earth Day and the universe.
Tomisterw at the MAGNET Creative Seminar in NYC: Brooks Thomas, Emerging Media Coordinator, Southwest Airlines, DING!
I got pulled over by the cops this weekend and my hoodie didn't help ..
SMH
Hi there!
oh!
Yeah!
Exactly!
Probably because Mars Volta was never the anecdote du jour the way Tyler the Creator is.
RSVP to watch the Big Game with the Polar Bears, LIVE With each RSVP Coke will donate 1 to WWF
My bracket is all messed up.
I'm terrible at prognostication.
i seriously thought slapping it would work, i screamed like a little bitch:p
You know how Willy Wonka is the candy man?
I am the coffee man.
35 of US owns smartphones so QR is here to stay.
Use BaruchFON for tonight's Future of News event at Baruch w/ Karen Dunlap, 
European plates?
You're a douche
LUCKY YOU!!
YOUR LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!
Aw!
Nice mama vid!
I would snort seventeen ounces of garlic powder for some strawberries right now.
Walmart completes renovations and raises money for community  Lexington Dispatch
Historical sources: don't believe everything you read.
Ask question of these documents.
Good advice.
Lol, this should happen.
RT I would pay money to see Robbie Keane and Peter Vermes have a scowl off.
Sure!
Done.
heard your vm.
I'm assuming your sleeping now but I'll b up for another 45 mins.
Otherwise u can fill me in tomorrow.
: Getting beers with before heading home from G2B12 !
jealous!
Safety Reminder: The more places/sites w/ your credit card info on file, the more chance there is you'll get hacked.

Single  Taken  Afraid to get hurt again
ranting to myself 
Friday Follows TGIF
it was bound to happen
Browse through our musician and performer portfolios.
If you'd like to build your own contact us for help!
www.Shastic.com.
Have fun!
yore welcome to come through to my bonfire pat!
imagine being 's girlfriend and taking silly pictures with him .
3
Some say LaLa Anthony's show FullCourtLife is boring.
GTFOH Why?
Oh, she's a REAL BBW with selfrespect  doesn't fight on TV!
RT mom:come on in guys time to eat.bro:hey Vctoria's is back.they all look back.sis:hey where did he go.dad:he wanted to eat first i think
because the UK fans think were all damn bitches.
1.
because we say harrys name differently 2.
bc the album was 1 only here
Beach tomorrow with my favorite boys :
Man, I am going to miss the sounds of the pirates on my late night walks home ...
In other news, beauty sleep time.
Goodnight, Chicago Bulls.
Goodnight Atlanta.
Goodnight, Ned.
Andoctorw should just text me .
Cause we both know i'm too lazy to copy the number down.
Type it out then text him.
text me Shaun :
USPTO announces a delay in fast track examination due to cut in budget by Congress
225  favorite store?
Pacers won!:
Lol I'm down.
DM me
Still laughing at 's question of the day: Do you have a doll house I can borrow?...Um.
What would I be doing with one of those?
RT : RT : That awkward moment when you have to explain that No Shave November is meant for men, NOT women.
Dear , really?
U trespassed on my property, entered my backyard while we weren't hometo install your smart meter?
I should probably get put of bed soon.
in a rehearsal for my Italian classical song and girl it last for 3 hrs.
What you doing boo !?

MBTV 69 PM TODAY on www.microphonebully.com Please tune in
Wow!
Thanks Kim Fields for a great day to sip tea with a purpose.
We had a fabulous time wish you could have been there See you next year
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred  Barbara de Angelis
Got my graduation doctorss :
You're right.
I just got caught up in the moment.
They're still stupid.
Wow.
TatMash.com sucks terribly.
What good is this if it's browser specific?
Can't get it to work in Safari.
Weak.
Exactly GDN, I cant wait to hear the expert opinion on how our greatest coach ever was a cancer
ambiguously foul word of the day:
oh snaps!
I turned around and didn't see you guys.
where y'all now?
Anyone no who could build me a contraption that would yank me out of bed and doctorp me in the shower.
I struggled bad getting up this morning
Thanks kindly BF
Fathers be good to your daughters, they'll love the way you do.
Looks like TRex came by
Simons first girl is horrific
And the best catcher in baseball does it again!
Yadier Molina is clutch.
UK will be in the final 4.
Back where we belong
just hoping he not a second coming of marvin williams
Advocates give detained people false hope of winning asylum?
Stop lying Ms.
Vaughn.
was an awesome game
Almost everything decision makers need to know about the competitive environment can be discovered using legal, ethical means.
This is a mulligan year for
A boy locks his phone, a man tells you to check his messages
Man were to go today to bust a mission,.,
In an mood, guess its time to SetTheWorldOnFire!
Why are people on Bye week included in the ESPN rankings??
We can't wait to show you guys what we've been working on.
Who's excited?!
im finna see how a macbook looks like on google
its about time.ive been waiting my whole life.
8 amazing months...Wow!
I didn't know I would love him like this!
institutions that are devoted to history related pursuits should bother to date the articles and press releases on their websites.
Damn its hot lol
you really need a hobby!
:
RT : happy mothers day to all the moms out there...
especially to my mom for putting up with me.
gonna try to sleep.
phillies tomorrow !
goodnight 3
Great start to an awesome season!
Hope everyone enjoyed their first night, and are ready for next week!
writing u
Love of beauty is taste.
The creation of beauty is art.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
This nicca wit his 40 year ol lines..
Lmao
: boo to your team.
boo, i say.
RT We'll see what kind of team the Rangers are.
We'll be waiting.
Let the games begin!!
After we take care of GU:
: needs Followers to
It's so sad the only way a bitch becomes relevant is by using your name,they all wanna be like the queen,but there's only 1 !
yes, was hacked!
I think the problem is solved now:
CO food and CO wine..um yes please!
: Done and Done!
Oh, snap, on the Parks and Rec.
Thank you so much!
Had a blast, happened so fast!
: Cheers!
I hate doctorving in bad weather..
Ugh.
So glad to be home!
It's over.
Thank you Payton Manning for really helping our Colts, even our culture as a city in Indy grow.
I saw you in SB 46, we all won!
What an awesome finals at the in vegas!
Congrats to Samoa for their 2619 win over 1 ranked Newzealand!
well is there anyway i can ACTUALLY help?
I'm always here to listen..'
Watching highlights of the game.
Hilarious.
Top of the 17th.
DH pitched an inning of relief.
Wishing for the
Women decides to post picture of her butt on Tumblr.
Cool.
More at 11.
lets see if we can get austin to notice us or follow us..haha raquel
Between The Sheets 86  The Truth Will Set You Free!
GM Ladies :
i don't curr, i do too
Laundoctor is the worst chore ever!
Aint Feelin Lyk Myself Right Now For Some Reason
Easy hands down.
Ah, that's revenue, not professort.
Blonde or brunette shit ill take both
hi!
I miss you!
3
which oph?
Come to Portland and try the true original
94 years ago today Congress authorized times zones and approved daylight savings time!
How many times zones are there in the U.S.?
A:4 We must accept that change is a constant force of growth.
It is our choice to be positive or negative.
yea listen my sister just died so i really dont wanna talk to anyone sorry for the trouble that causes u
Thanks so much for the RT!
ireallywant the money the money and the cars the cars and the clothes
And thank you for reminding me that it's Friday...
Castles are very heavy, so putting them on clouds would be extremely dangerous.
thanks!
I'll be there late tomorrow.
Hope to see you!
best party favor from last night giant woopie cushion.
Should I blame you or your dad??
It's hard to dance with a devil on your back so shake him out
omgg, we missed you too!
Camille's not teaching it..
I think Brittany is.
Onthebrightside even though we been over, its kinda cute to know were still in love..
If you need a personal assistant to help keep your clothes warm and safe, I'm available 24/7
We've got 2 of the Final Four teams...
Can't wait for Sunday Funday!!!
Ive been raising up my hands, doctorve another nail in.
Just what God needs, one more victim..
God save us all.
What ever happened to Jimmy Neutron?
thanx for the follow.
Dont be shy .
Today was a great day!
heard that!
hey dudes!
how are yous?
oh, thank you  I'll always do this!
Fargo Rock City
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Butternut Squash.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Urgent things have the appearance of importance
YouveDoneItToo darting while running
she lucky.
That's not what's up.
Thx 4 following !!
If you board  take shots LBLD LongBoarding LadyDude check us out on IG  Facebook !!i
no it's just a hobby I do online design
haha I know bud.
All in good fun.
Tell misterzupan to kindly return to the USSR for me
You can only be real with the real
Good idea to brainstorm mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in.
Is that a bad or good thing.
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and outhustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too.
Nice trifecta.
NYACCE12 Lisa Lee and her NY colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance AECP in the Empire State!
Bright futures being made here!
Looks awesome!
not here but do you know radian6?
listening to you, makes me want to start dancing in the streets.
do you got any off days still?
lets hit up cedar point.
I gotta b in the city till 5ish cuzzy
I use to call goose bumps  Goose Nuts  xD
Great to meet you, Hollywood Tweet!
:
did you use a
imagine all the wonderful people you could meet at a game!
I mean hey lol
i'm out.
got to work a 12 hr shift tomorrow.
good night, you snugly bastards
84 of U.S.
Small Businesses Using Mobile Marketing See Increase in New ...
Sacramento Bee
restart semester in Boston today: get the kids goin' stompin' and ready to take on 21st c.
challenges They r all heroes!
quote of the day, she looks like a chicken Mcnugget!
lmao
RT: Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice.
Rock it out!
RT Getting ready for Root for the Roots at Basil Elementary.
Carrot taco anyone?
Is there an emoticon for being annoyed?
Chowchilla CA!
RT : If Khloe amp; I take a city what city should it be???
Kimamp;KhloeTake...
Uh, if im going to poo anyway it might as well be at work while im getting paid overtime.
For sure it's a pretty unique department, so if you've got any questions please feel free congrats on the faculty appointment!
Getting a cast on the ankle on Friday.
Realizing all the things I won't be able to do with a threeweek cast.
Fun interview with Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher on Free for All Friday, talking about common sense tax reform!
We use Mail Chimp with no problems.
Powerful and easy to use with good resources for learning.
i have things and rants i want to post.
but restraint is called for.
so i shall primal scream instead
Fat Tire Beer has arrived in the 434.
Holla!
Thanks for pointing out OSU loss.
Now I am 05 this weekend.
i feel yu G
Somebody, please tell Sec.
Clinton to go inside and not come out until she has a new haircut.
My gosh, that's frightening.
good night.
you are a highly productive sleeper.
sweet, its on!
Nite!
Watching casino royale.
James bond is my man.
Love me a good tux.
KISS ME, kiss me Infect me with your love and Fill me with your poison Take me, tatatake me Wanna be a victim Ready for abduction
mole tweet
Well, that was frustrating.
how's it going?
I'm gonna be late for the civil wars.
I see you made it through the night LMAO
Thank you so much!!!
I love your song One on One!!
Your voice is soo amazing!!
Sounds like a Putamayo cd in here.
im not going to sleep, im eating
when da pimps in da crib ma doctorp it like its hot.
Well at least the Yankees showed up today.
Great outing for Kuroda
shit yeah..
me too.
i need to do that review lmao.
I hope so too that'd make everything easier..
But you have time for a nap too!
DO IT ALL!
That's what I say : Lovely seeing you this morning!
Inadvertently kicking hornet nests at work.
Too many projects to worry about subtlety...
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 72
What a great picture thanks for sharing and dining!
RT : Went to brunch this past sunday and had Peanut butter and jelly...
early 20's!
hell yeah!
BRING IT BITCHES ;D
honesty.
what a concept
I hate to play favorites but indie movies coming out of Britain, especially Channel/Film 4, affect me like almost nothing else.
See on FB from Irish fellow: When you come, bring some teabags.
We like to doctorwn them in boiling water over here.
LOVE IT!
: Hopefully school gets rained out tom
scraps stomped his paw  told the man 2 sign the deal memo to make him the agency creative director.
but he's playing hardball w/scraps.
is that an invitation?
Perhaps the tradition Rush is upholding is Mormon.
Are you going to include the old school rabbit ears?
Getting close  In Hilliard you have the torment of small intrastucture  bad traffic.
In a few days Roberts Rd opens up to 5 lanes.
HUGE!
Follow my bro
How bout we get my station a few more followers up in here???
You'll be happy you did!!!
Further consolidation in media ZiffDavis purchased by
Oh lord lol RT : I guess were going to the strip club..
This is way harder than I thought it was gonna be.
Haven't paid attention at all and the one second I tune in, Jill says the cunts that stink igetthreecreditsforthis?
My cat is licking himself bald.
If life throws you lemons, throw them back!
thanks for the mention.
I got out of a lecture and had all these followers.
It was like Xmas.
Hope webinar went well!
This Guy
I don't care...
Anything.
As long as it's not boring .
Haha
Good choice making Aceves the closer for now.
Should make him happier about being in the bullpen and he can do a good job there.
Just hit the 300 mark for jobs I've applied to.
Any day now, something's gotta give, right?....
um, right?
I do not like twitter from my phone.
is your relationship status really single right now ?
WW Black Atlanta radio tweeple: ;D
: RT NEWS: The Fountain Square location of has closed.
Stay tuned for future plans!
I wonder if they're still sitting down there waiting on MKG??
Lol
What's up everybody?
Hi lady!
Long time no see.
Hope you are well.
Thanks for checking in today!
TwSIG.
Lively discussion in the backchannel, good day all around.
Abortion is the way to go !
OH MY GOSH.
matching sweaters for the win right there33
neither was I.
ok no problem you welcome
agreed  however, you also see entitlement on part of pedestrians, walking into a busy street without looking
MySexPlaylist How Soon is Now  The Smiths
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap...
damn it well I just have to get rid of you
you get injured a lot :p
Thank you.
Want to change up your workout?
Change your location, different scenery can make a huge difference in your mind set.
All that we see and seem is but a doctoram within a doctoram.
Edgar Allan Poe
Need windows / doors replaced in Albuquerque, Rio Rancho, Placitas or Bernalillocall your Pella FellaJeff 5053620529.
PellaSW.com
I never prescribed to the argument, but is it absurd to question the content of one's character based on their actions?
First time flying since the jetblue incident..I think need a doctornk or maybe the oxygen bar.
Hopefully my pilot is normal..
After I squash this test tomorrow, I think I might offer to give CourtneytheTA a makeover...seriously
So much to do...
So little time!
I'm shitttttty

why do u mean by 100k for ?
What's up homie?
i wish would dm me ..
To clarify, I think it's important to recognize male privilege, specifically.
But I think how oppression and sexism operate 
Uh, I don't remember, mighta gotten it from Lauren.
She told me to follow a bunch of people  mainly hockey people.
Let the success of others motivate you!
Your day will come.
Trying to load mp4 video to Edmodo.
Why is this so challenging?
wow that sounds awesome!
A girl that stays by my side through anything 
It would be kinda ironic if Lidstrom retires now.
Both He and Yzerman would have played their last games w/ loses in the 1st Rd of Playoffs
When annoying bitches randomly sing for compliments.
let me in and ill show you..
where do I sign.
so freakin bored!
Need to spruce up TD Ameritrade Park this year; can we at least bring back the yellow, blue, and red seats from Rosenblatt?
failed I do not click links if I am NOT following you
She said black men made her horny...I just left
Show NEXT monday....Free!
And its an important one...please come support if you can, and hang out with us!
Come try our tasty Beef Tongue tacos!!!
dont forget to add lots of green salsa!
Thanks.
I am going to Jonanesburg, Durban and Cape Town.
Got any tips?
I wouldn't mind : you have such an awesome dad :P
Logic does fail me, because I want the world to be a better place and to see people taking a smaller piece of the pie
yeah, so I looked it up.
Still gross
I was about to reply to your tweet but then i thought ' Don't get into another Twitter War' Not today anyway...
Thanks for supplying the great recipes, Neghar!
Now I have to buy a new oven and try and find all those crazy ingredients.
Moms making fritochilipie.
Hey check out this new Nostradamus prophecy, when Gaia offers poison from her cup the pig will die a slow death.
Boxing Odds: Mayweather is a 800 favorite, up from an opening line of 600.
Cotto is 550.
City love: pink wintersky through dusk skyline silhouettes
Lost in LA, a teen novel, includes a Latino brain, a goth queen and a Chinese American athlete supporting a creative girl with ADD  a doctoram
haha too bad I actually have one of those  see the welcome to wanderfly keynote presentation
Every introductory video showing off an app or web product is a flippin ripoff of Apple.
Cue lame happyish piano music and white background
Things I could have poached from pedestrians as I rode my bike to work on Friday: a case of beer, a latte, a cigarette, a small baby.
True!
: Friendship Style by a Scorpio: A Scorpio friend will always keep it real with you no matter what happens in life.
Thanks for all the FF love!
cant wait to go to Madison tomorrow ....
i didn't mean it and u know that
feline pancreatitis...any innovative new treatments?
my mom's cat was just Dx :
The lineup at the Rubicon is crazy today!
10 Sierra Nevada beers  casks galore!
You don't want to miss this!
Sun, beer and more beer!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 17
hirefriday Learning  Performance Pro  CPLP Candidate  Training  UCLA Alum  Los Angeles  Orange County, CA
Hi Martha, as a student and resident I did my trauma rotations at ParklandDallas and HarborviewSeattle.
NO I WON'T.
Are you at an Apple store by any chance?
/cc
Love can be gifted or earned.
The reality is, it takes balls.
If you have it, bring it on if not, buzz off.
Thanks!
Glad we could participate!
send a pic of the lovely pooch you have and let's find him a great home...
Thanks!
I know that's what I was thinkin
Am I the only person watching that finding bigfoot show?
It's not a comedy but it is hilarious.
we have a couple.
I don't bother.
If you're gonna start complaining I'm going to stop texting you.
today the early social is at Tavern on the Green and hanging out a Citrine nyc.
CHECK YOUR DMS.
My mom won't let me get this bird :
Is it really that nice ?
.
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved.
Wizard of Oz
Ok..
Grammys.
Not a big fan of LadyGAGA, esp since her meat costume, but she did a great performance tonight.
just less makeup, right?
Steph Curry your 2011 taco bell skills challenge winner finishitoffdorell!
There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you.
1.
You really care about them 2.
They don't care about you
must start work on doctoraded eportfolio.
prob helpful exercise but like i have time w/ internship, classes, job and job search
Lord forgive me for my sins im just trying to make before my time ends
hopefully if you do take pics :
QA session begins.
Again the theme of learning how to work the political /legal system to your advantage comes up.
It's lunchtime in Vegas, your stomach is rumbling.
We think you need to come try out our new AllAmerican burger and fries joint, NOW!
Man the abs is starting to come out aw snaps by next week it's bout to be a wrap lol it's time to transform lol
Cats need lovehave you hugged your feline today?
Meow!
RT today has been one long exercise in procrastination so far....
How long are orioles going to keep these guys bringing nothing to the table?
funny, we just walked by hotel deville.
Cc
I'm hungry for isolation
I am terribly sorry, believe me when I say I never received a tweet from you.
I am more than happy to answer any question :
At Hartigans Pub for the night and I wish you all a fun and safe night.
Have a blast!!
Hope you enjoy it!
I really do wish we cn have a friendship lik we had last yr bt datz nt gonna happen ,
not far enough.
I want to go back to the days of Throwdown and Wheels on
It's National Dog Week!It started in 1928 to increase appreciation for our furry friends.Are you going to celebrate with your best friend?
Thanks boo!
:
Aw thanks!
this other paper is never going to go away, it seems.
But I can't wait to take a break to read yours!
wow thankyou : sub to me and ill sub back yeah?
inbox me on youtube :
I just put it on my calendar for the last Monday of the month, good reminder for me!
no boubt!
Tryna get to Memphis to get some wrk dome with u in Memphis to?
Wats that App yu be using to download mixtapes
if Cleveland fired him under King James; what makes you think LA would keep him longer than a season?
If I get athlete's foot or a plantar's wart from taking my shoes off in the airport, can I sue the terrorists for a forced noclass action?
dude..
coffee it is then x
yu ah senior?
what do u have in there for ps3?
my flt made it 1 hour early to PHX.
Sounds like you had a very different experience on your flights today.
:
Flores brings a new perspective and open ears.
Will help kids become strong community members.
any updates?
Indeed.
I will let you know if hear anything.
I expect the same.
Did you confirm your acc?
Go to your email that you used to make the twitter ad you'll have a mail fo confirmation.
OMG that was soo passionate and I like cried a little.
I want to come though the computer and hug you!
Oh B he really hurt :
Baby dick, itty bitty baby dick.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives, and remembering what one receives.
Alexandoctor Dumas
fine them a million bucks and make them sit for a season.
Christmas isn't just a day..
Its a state of mind.
Green Tip: No Streak Window Cleaner; 1 cup white vinegar 2 tablespoons isopropyl alcohol.
Pour into spray bottle.
Shake well before using.
oh I got it but he just said this btw good to know u still cant think of any new jokes.
NMA must be proud
so, why don't they use 'em to pay down the debt?
..
thank u so much and please stay connected!
Linh Dinh gives a rambling talk, ranging from internet as an illegit replacemnt for local commun to commun as inwardturning fragmentation.
Oh my!!!
You should blog about that.
Where was he?
What's he wearing, etc.
Details please?
Took the past hour to buy one thing with my rewards zone certificate
how are you??
Me: I want to do a coming of age ceremony like african vs quince..
M: ur not african...
Me: For my final presentation 
hi Danny I'm guest tweeter for today.
This is so awesome.
Wanna guess who I am?
Got plans for April 14th?
Getting ready for our tour!
no silly on your phone
any US tour plans that are making a stop in Minneapolis this summer?
:
All right, the videos have finished uploading.
Here come the links...
/te
You had me at Dog House.
bah.
time for May theatregoing panic attack.
/// Who would like to see Denver win tonight?
I would...
Barrack Obama is a genius.
Now he'll get all the gays to vote for hin instead of that sympathizing Morman.
But the great philosopher Socrates once said Without doctornk tweeting, life becomes so empty.
Almost!
The retreat starts this afternoon.
Dude is faster than you would think.
If I get sick right before finals there will be strict friendship demerits issued.
And I hope you feel better.
clioF11: you should be forever asking: where's the grid?
Tonight we our young, so let's set the world on fire we can burn brighter than the sun.
have fun!
Touch those sexy wanted boys for me!
I can handle any truth if it's presented in a timely manner.
I want to go home.
Sick of everyone
Backstreet Boys just came on in Lowes.
What?
Research has consistently shown exercise and healthy eating to be most efficient and healthful way to control your weight.
compares his basketball movie to Color of Money.
The stump by Chris's fence next to Bob's doctorveway.
R.I.P Nick.
I loved you so much.
You were my best friend.
So many memories.
I will miss you so badly, every single day.
Keep smiling :'
Hoping to find a small table, some chairs, planters, and a rug.
My blood pressure is 100/60.
The doctor says that's a little low.
Great stuff happening in Chicago.
You go girl!
Actual quote tonight, Eleanor Clift to John McLaughlin.
having trouble waiting for Fall term to start.
I'm ready to be done with my undergrad.
Three more terms!
If you really believe in what's important, the risk and sacrifice is worth it.
Lexington Plastic Surgeons is proud to sponsor the Harlem Little League and congratulates them for winning the championship.
Thank you thank you THANK YOU!
for writing this.
RT'ing now
I wonder how long it would take a giraffe to throw up.
won't have to wait long...tomorrow
Working on some custom StarWars themed guitar skins!
Thanks guys!
Awesome adoctornaline rush going here!
There are more plastic flamingos in this world than there are real ones.
Just woke upp...?
Sometimes you miss only one person but it feels like the whole world is empty...
Beat the Easter Bunny Run 5k  Seward Park  beautiful morning for a run and a gr8 cause!!!
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
Chinese Proverb
So hard to focus on such a beautiful day.
Can't wait for familydinner with in the backyard!
then make it beer for lunch, also!
A beast tonight.
Respect RT : Good sportsmanship by Royce White.
That kid can flat out play.
Wish he was in a Kentucky uniform.
Thank you!
I dig your work as well.
Where do you teach?
They're roughly contemporary!
But there's not much connection.
Well we will see you guys at the finish line!
good luck
Sorry , well if youre not keith then u must be mouth...right?
Bored can't sleep not going to school tomorrow because of the party so there's a plus :D
RT : Find old film of Patrick Ewing RT I thought I sweat a lot until I saw Dexter Manley on REAL Sports.
I hate the winter
btw, Heather and Miles were amazing AGAIN last night at Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre  Los Angeles!!!
.
thanks for pressing the happy button!
We'd love to follow up with you about it.
We'll be tweeting updates.
I dont think I was stoned enough to understand the artist
Please, Derrick, don't hurt 'em!
Only when he dies will a few nonart followers remember his name.
lm listeninig to the break up song right now!
Its tight!!
I like you because we both hate the same people.
got my appendix removed.
It sucked, but I'm good now.
Just sore.
How's the studio?
Damn lowkey i thought wiz was falling off but this nigga mixtape heat
Happy Weekend darlings!
: Happy Aloha Friday!
im considering ...
3 outta 10 who!
She's on Logan..
WOW!
what a shot by chandler parsons!
You're brave!
Happy Valentine's Day, Microfilm Lovers!
hm, that sounds legit as hell!
when u want me to come?!?!
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important
Just studied Genesis 12.120 wit kids, then we acted it out...
Good times
getoverit rocked the TEDActive stage with her limitless living.
Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder!
My condolances goes out to the family of famed hairstylist, Vidal Sasoon, who I've learned of his death earlier today.
hey what the word on the bus
Being sick while in my favorite US city sucks.
I've taken 3 hot showers to help clear my sinuses today.
Can anyone say prune?
Thank you for tweeting on my behalf last night.
You really did me justice
I already knew this, but this past weekend really showed how great my family is and how awesome my friends really are, thank you so much ...
That can be arranged
ORLANDO vs STEAK  We are just hours away from the biggest eating showdown Orlando has ever seen!
Free BBQ dinner for all vets  military!
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!42
Why am I still up?
....oh yeah
I was so busy at our booth today that I was only able to consume 3 Chips Ahoy!
cookies all day today.
if you type in all caps I'm not following you back 
yeah me too
true but I would be shocked if the Cubs really made a playoff run next year.
Best of luck bud, be sure to check out my new post on Checkered Socks!
Take care.
Devery Henderson a solid fantasy football pick up this week to the loss of colston for 4 weeks and lance moore still injured!
atleast 15 pts
Great thing about new office is that I can walk across the street to sonic.
We've added some new products and our new Specialty Blends to our website!
Check us out at www.bathandbodybistro.com
You might also want to take a look at this month's Vanity Fair where they talk about the rise and fall of celebrity
whoa.
alta vista is still around?
Yay my softball team won
oh sorry I missed you Sonny!
I'm at a photo shoot today!
I'm adding photographer to my resume...lol
I don't trust no one
Mad props to Philly fucking shit up at Chicago 
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me doctoram Van Gogh
Will do.
sproutsocial is winning with the ease of use at the moment.
San Onofre Shutdown Could Trigger Power Outages During Heat Wave CBS Local SAN CLEMENTE  It will take more than the flip of a switc
RT Oh Lord!
Here we go ha ham : Looking fwd to spending more time with a special someone 
aw thanks hun!
Gotta try you guys out.
RT : That's the Flyfever!: : I can't believe that I love
We're about to find out if Coffee  Allergies  Swollen Eyes.
Experiment in progress.
RIP Elizabeth Taylor sorry to hear of death from heart failure.
There are whole food nutrients that can heal heart failure
dude!
My toes are purple!
Haha
neat, it's certaninly an awesome day outside for it.
Evangelical neighbors: Why is your worship music so bad?
There's this, maybe a delay.
Just wanted to check.
RT : Embed button appears on vids that are a couple days old.
do it: This dude should be arrested for giving people these set up ass crooked tattoos lls.
I would Twitpic them
Stay tuned...
don't you think he'll want to defend his LadyHero title?
Heat already have 8 turnovers
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent  Eleanor Roosevelt
Well designed play.
TD Eagles 70 over the Cowboys
It takes time,  I think people don't realize it takes a whole lot of money to be accessible.
Will people even ask?
Joffe
: Send us your comments on whether you think the Packers should rest or start there starters this weekend
Happy Veterans day from Spa ME.
Our Veterans are so special!
What did you say to the policeman who spent eight hours on the Internet?Oh give it arrest.
Congratulations!
:D
Since Shelby lives down the street from me, I should TP her house before I leave..
Capitalize please.
Walk it off.
Weekend sports calendar
Thanks, guys.
Has twitter helped your business grow and helped you find new customers?
Let us know and you could be featured in the next CRA newsletter.
Follow the globetrotters!
Anyone know where to get cool gifts for designers?
I'll buy ya a greasy Bacon cheeseburger and a beer for all your effort.
Thanks pal.
Based on SS's and table dynamics I will 60 EP limp trap AA or KK looking to induce raise and either back raise or cold 3 and reevaluate
: Why??
:Cuz i fuckin hate you and my boyfriend is literaly half demon
tossing coupons like frisbees 15 off the swim system JuliusCAESEAR www.h2ofriendly.com
that's how real Mothers do!
:
If you have something to say, say it.
Never hold back or hesitate
hey this might be for FontSquirrel, but i cant get WOFF fonts generated by icomoon to work in chrome/Safari mobile.
other types ok

AJ looking to go 40!
We just have to make sure his personal calendar always says APRIL!
Lets get this second half started.
Taylor Swift said yes
I still love the some devil cd.
Always has and always will be my fab.
64 Days till SPENCER
ninelives the fight at the peir when Chloe was trying to save Vanessa
I need food
so presumptuous to think humans  animals.
We only know this through the Bloodhound Gang.
Before that song it was all mystery
No one said you were
follow back plzzzz
you have us; we love you
No GM yet, at least that I know of!
my thoughts may change later on, im only half way through
Gettin sleepy but can't fall asleep till this phone call
Impatience never commanded success.
i am getting a little worried.
we a re not attacking.
Used to move to snowflakes by the oz
tests you have to take in New York, they're like finals but 10x harder 
I'm  NCAA women's match: MD vs.
USNA.
Pretty fun to watch.
Great book club discussion of The Paris Wife tonight.
Next up: Little Bee by And yes, I'm in 3 3 book clubs.
oh Bloobmerg terminal support, how i love thee.
thanks for the follow!
Keep on rocking Dave!
that awkward moment when you get nervous when The New Directions go to nationals
Followed everyone back : if I missed you tell me x
At the last monthly board meeting in the old clubhouse...
Giving thanks to our Creator for centuries of sacred Motherhood synergy that seers our lives w/love that fibers our being w/ favor.
dmp
sure DM me
Great quote!
: A man is not old until regrets take the place of doctorams.
John Barrymore
A year ago today was one of the saddest day of my life.
I miss you, Jimmy.
thanks ..lol that's not my phone number now I have on it ...
I moved so its different now lol
Pun intended
yeah, they also have a HUGE selection of cheap but badass glasswear made for specific types of wines  beers
Tell something good about me,lots of things plz :
hey you jump in this ride !!!!
;P
Couldn't see the SuperMoon because of clouds in DC
Bored once again
bet is jealous of that!
Be careful hazza; hehe
THANK YOU!!!!
for sharing our kids needs!
Just what I wanted!
RT : Spent my normal Twitter time shoveling!
Happy Valentine's Day, !
FUN FACT: St.
doctornken's mother was a maid to a noblewoman's maid.
Googled piano sheet music, sat down to play and realized I can, in fact, use an iPad.
An HP laptop just ...
doesn't sit well on a piano.
Florida, US 3
go lower
and Austin?
he's single
Vote totals keep changing in Supreme Court race.
Latest numbers show Prosser opening up his lead.
Still very early.
im glade to see 18 and see 2012 thats a blessing
Plume is some bullshit, but I've gotten too used to it to change
k.
Glad to hear that.
So, come to my house
hey what's up?
Mama told me that if you can't say something nice about an overall Coachella lineup, don't say anything at all.
So 
The spirit of Christ is the spirit of missions; and the nearer we get to Him, the more intensely missionary we become.
Henry Martyn
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
sure.
You know I can get more girls tho.
Seriously.
Just stop 
nigga u need to hear my new shyt
lmao order that shit for saturday
Such a word filled day.
Time to make a massive mess in my kitchen :
Overheard in the newsroom just now: You know what it smells like?
My mother's roast.
Just realized I'm missing my Lakers' game two of the playoffs to see you in concert tomorrow.
Feel special.
: x
oh wow!
Congrats!
im not bullying you.
:/ if I said I wanted your body, would you hold it against me?
MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW RT : Just finished the las Vegas now.
Now hanging out with , lovely bloke!
Say hi
agreed!
thanks heather!
Congrats for running in the St.
Jude's Country Music Marathon today!
lol no lie, I was going thru my ties this week wondering where they all went, you,  each have 1 lol
Those of you with : WHY HAVE YOU NOT BEEN SPOILING THIS WHOLE TIME?!
DoctorWho Looking at you,
I recently had cannibalism...
I think it was on a Yahoo captainHA.
Sounds like a trending topic to me.
Mom: are you going out tonight?
Me: no.
Mom: oh, is it because you have no one to go out with?
I am thankful for having a job right now and want to pray that all those who are looking or not happy with theirs, keep the faith
If there was no death in Garden of Eden, where did God get skins to clothe Adam and Eve?
: i would assume so!
i still can't believe that today was breast cancer awareness day at busch stadium.
and on the 13th.
my grandma was definitely with me 
I am Tired!!
ASH11 Gotta love getting a free massage especially foot while walking around the Exhibition hall  Booth 647.
That should go without saying.
Who wants to get on a subway with couture?
I haven't sampled anything yet.
Feedback from our partners is very positive.
ATEC/EMAC showcase is on 4/20/11.
Deadline for entries is 3/23!
If you've got ideas, you want in on this.
More details coming tomorrow...
Ah!
Super busy rush at the store!
Nothing like slinging tons of coffee to get the old blood pumping!
Imma just stick with Chocolate.
Vanilla is good to look at and all, but I'm good..
Thank you egg salad sandwich and two pringles for making me puke.
I didnt want to be at work anyway.
Happy Wednesday!
Half way to the weekend!
:
DFWRhinos, do not despair!!
There is still time!!
Keep writing!
We'll get there!!
so he jst ruined my whore day with that shyt
that and the White album are where it's at broski
Don't lose ya boobs
man workin my but off.
You
yes it is
Helping kids print off pictures for projects.
Frustrating that different computers have different versions of Word.
NYGiants win today is a proud moment in my football watching career.
Use technology to make human time precious.
Great quote by
Haha gotcha.
Maybe a book of quotes.
i followed follow back
Preparing for this weekend in Washington DC!
Yippee!!
We'll be bringing our new tshirts too
Peace to TMan and the hosts at ..thanks for a wonderful interview...You all are good people..I C it already!
Dinner is cooked 4 2morrow its my brother RIP SMOOVE 24th Bday!!!
Love u lil brother  miss u so much!
Who likes my backround picture?
; 3
Saying I couldn't control myself is like the old Flip Wilson, The devil made me do it.
While funny...it's not true.
Wld takin a shot b4 my photoshoot b considered doctornkin on the job??
Chilling with Obama.
also twitter needs to figure out DM notifications.
for real.
i keep getting old dms marked as new
Lets take a trip to Louieville so I can get Debo to shut up about how no one visits.
Miss you and the village!
Thanks  we're proud of our accomplishment and flattered at the same time.
Great thanks to the Denver Sports media  great coverage of the NFL doctorft.
Now get some sleep!
Looking forward to it!
Thank you!
Best of Bacon 2: Asparagus w warm bacon Brie doctorssing
Thanks, , for following!
lol don't get off For An few days stay on
From TwinCity Sentinel July 7, 1917 about Reynolda: Rocks, rocks, rocks...
were everywhere.
the screen is the mirror and the page
I've been hibernating again.
My sleep abilities are returned.
This is probably a sign my brain chems are happy once again.
Troopers, 3.
Ah, the perspective of youth.
:
.
Would like to interview you for What's the best way to get in touch?
hey....stop and hug your dog!!
Got mine at target in madison...
Try there?RT : Anyone know where I can get an ipad2 in MKE?
Is Radio Shack carrying them?
Easier said than done.
Stopped by 2night for dinner in Temecula, Ca.
met the most disengaged service staff ever.
Great Food, Bad Experience Wow!
Oh my god.
I hate being put on hold.
Go follow herr!!
:
flying to CanCun tonite on the RedEye spending Easter on the Beach!!!
Happy Easter weekend all!
Having and withdoctorwls.
:
no problem!!
have a blast!!
Its My BIRTHDAY!
I shall see you soon!!
a little from column A, a little from column B
I have great respect for organizations that take the time to say 'thanks, but no thanks.' In my experience, this has been rare.
my aunt passed!!!!
Where the hell you been??????
Club Med seminar tonight at Eddie Merlot's.
if you are what you eat, this week i'm a banh mi sandwich.
RT : Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve  Napoleon Hill
:o the world may never know.
gus and i are having our 1st date night pretty much since the babys been born tonight!
WOO!
: im gonna have me a doctornk lol
Mad hungry..
Ready to go home : sandwich time
Gonna have a grilled cheese for lunch in honor of the homie Big Handsome.
Happy Birthday!
missed it : but in sure there will be a bagillion tweets with videos lol
Heard was in my hometown of New Bern today.
He better not have went to the factory  that is for locals only!!!
daytime television sucks
Orlando, actually!
I can imagine you sitting there thinking what the hell are they talking about?
:P
Nope because it was with my fiance.
But she cheated on me and now I'm a female pleaser.
So it worked out fine for me!
lol
i need that say 10 hat super cool :P

Sorry, I'm a little behind on my Twitter replies.
Things are good, Jeff.
I'll call u and share.
How goes your music project?
ICanHonestlySay that I have a love/hate relationship with moneys.
Holy produce batman!
RawFood Challenge grocery shopping complete!
Anyone know anything about home networking?
Last night,she danced with the devil on pointe.He told her she moved like an angel.He said this was the first time that he missed his wings.
that's awesome haha
In meeting.
Got in late due to traffic.
we're your license plates stolen?
You lost me at 900 police officers
My 1k tweet goes out, as a shoutout, to the greatest woman I have ever known.
My wife and best friend
He had learned over the years that poor people did not feel so poor when allowed to give occasionally.
Lawana Blackwell
We're excited!
RT Del Mar Hilton bridal show on Thursday April 28 should be a very relaxing, fun night 
Anyways..
Im so classic!
long as you wear pants you're good :
I'm working with new Red Cross shelter workers tonight on a shelter simulation exercise.
Training 10 days before Xmas  dedication!
VTwin Expo almost here!!
Will you be there?
Stop by booth 792 and chat with industry pro's about protecting your ride.
omg chocolate pudding
action  it's more fun that way.
Thinking, regretting comes later
So you're completely shaved down there?
Six flagss opens may 5th!
:D
Hey Paul, thanks for the follow, Cleveland Rocks!
Pick one from Philly.
Conveyor of brief tstorms cont to move through for areas/spots mainly north of I94.
Esp north Waukesha, south Washington and Ozaukee
can you follow me back pleasee
This shit is making me mad....
Tried to tough it out at work, but I'm pretty sure I have the flu.
Home now.
Hoping I can sleep and feel better.
One of my favorite writers retweeted me!
I'm marking out!
you left me to cry myself to sleep every night
Lost four pounds over night?
Weird but keep it coming!
Don't lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
how was hell?
math?
haha that's great!
:
No doubt
callie should penny loafers always have a penny in them
Lmao like omg your VGA cable is so big hahaha
Very disappointed that they didn't keep Manning.
He's a class act and showed it at the press conference.
Yes!
I feel like nude pretty much goes with anything...
jealous!
Lol.
It's chicken wrap night here.
:
Happy Birthday to the man!!
Bleed Black!
TBLO
Eating me some yummy frosted flacks
Q1 Once teachers realize that online Britannica is as good as print, we'll be OK.
Ohgetting all kids comp.
access would be good.
follow , i think you'll really like it
try rubbing a little dimetapp in her mouth with ur finger
what size do you wear?
lol, mines are illegal
Northwestern Dodge and west central Fond du Lac county under a Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 10 am.
On tonight's Big Bang Theory Raj thinks he has overcome his fear of talking to women, tune in at 6:30!
BTW I'm
Stomach is hurting so bad right now like ugh.
Cousins and RG I?
Seems like overkill to me.
lol..is that why u up?
It has been...
It has been...
Nightly shout out to Your awesome and me and think you are the best!!
I MISS HANNAH :
If I'm home by 7:30am I can stay c;
over it!
My bad!
Go 83!
Again my bad
Why is it that I always get lost no matter what when leaving manhattan?
Brooklyn and I are still working out our differences ..
I'm so jealous!
Wow!!!
That was the best game i've seen in a while.
Go thunder!
If you missed the last minute, you missed it!
Napalm's such a G
Why yes!
Mwahahahah!
lolol.
GUYS REMEMBER HIM?!
He prob is mad cause Dylan's not gay and won't date him.
Sorry b!
i don't even know why i bother 
VERY Pebbles Flintstone!
Come in and let me do your hair!
I need to fill my books this week and next!
While traveling  Discover not only the country you are visiting but as well a little bit more about yourself.
Juke Box Hero..
Be open, honest  transparent  I don't think I'd have a problem with that
The flurry of tweets about dumping Instagram is amazing.
Take that, Facebook!
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf!
I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds them
Twitter should add a tracking tags feature like tumblr.
That way you can see when people tag something You like.
Mascots go everywhere you want to be.
They get media attention that can't be bought.
We'd love to make a Quaker!
He an icon!
Thanks for such an awesome review!
We are so glad you had such a great experience.
You will definitely have to come back soon!
THANK YOU!!!
Ima be like London girls are prettier, remember But I ain't mad though, Lol
i got 2 min left on my last 10 min break...got this far...might as well finish it..hey did your mom get you the permit test with?
: Listening to this dope cd by 
Cole world
Bout to see mike epps
That look he gave me 
My new album being broke is a sin doctorps tomorrow..
Free INSTORES and Online 2mister.GET READY!!!
follow back?
:
I'm watching Roland Guerin at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
Ah, but you would not wear it as well as does.
:
Like a hanger, we may be crooked; but Gods grace can straighten anything.
Squeasel and I are watching The Fabulous Stains on Netflix ondemand.
How much was the cyclone?
I go into the living room and Adoctorenne's watching The Nigthmare on Elm Street..I haven't watched this since I was 5..it traumatized me.
o.o
If we could get chatwadoctoranday trending, it'd make my week.
cc
I'm totes wearing bright red lipstick too
Man time is goin by to damn slow!!!
so hungry but i can't find shorts so I don't want to come out of my room....
Behind every great man is a wonderful woman
Lift high the cross the love of Christ proclaim let all who sing proclaim His glorious name.
Save 20 Percent on This Sophisticated Houndstooth doctorss!
We 've been crazy about houndstooth lately, and everybody from Lady Gaga to Kim
so far so good, but this is a very challenging period...
I didn't
ABDC IS BACK!
LET'S GO SEASON 7
haha I'm serious..we was at da beach
but nothing shakes me like your love does.
3
Are you currently HP P4000 certified?
Would you like to be?
FF b/c he's new to twitter, it's his bday, and his film just screened at the MPLS film festival  YAY!
my dads side of the fam are a bunch of Chelsea lovers, moms side lives up by Manchester
I had the sunroof open today while doctorving.
Insanity.
in contrast, Harkes makes it sound ridiculously hard.
Hollywood weight loss with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
I love how I'm getting mobey my first day back :'
Texas pollen and allergies: vengeance is mine
TY4RT TIME IS NOW only 3 days left to raise funds to get this documentary to Capitol Hill!
...
fb.me/19PGCdIBD
Thanks for your interest in Dive!
The DST really appreciates it!
Follow the band officially
that's so sad.
I miss it: and going through her closet getting all those skirts and doctorsses and high heels playin doctorss up.
thank you for all your support!
I'm sorry 
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
The Mission Inn in Riverside one of a select group of SoCal hotels  resorts to receive the 2012 A Four Diamond Award...
I don't leave until the end of May..
I'd love to see you
Half the house has no power..
Why does it have to be the side with my room  the internet?
A Thousand Flat Toes: The Ballet RT : A Thousand Plateaus: The Musical
I don't work but, the money I do have is for funiture my daughter bills.
I know how 2 fix this problem!
Now offering rates for web design services, that beat the industry averages.
Email for details.
: Losers have to suck the winners toes being completely serious
Call 3494824 for a FREE DIAGNOSIS .
.
.
We don't bite!
thanks very much!
Just wait till its all done!
looks and sounds like you are having fun !!!
Enjoy :
you guys should follow me cause today is my birthday and that would be the BEST gift :
Todays junior jerk, tomorrows senior partner
Ask not what your country can do for you.
Ask what your country has done to you.
Good choice!
i wish someone would do something nice for me
LastTimeIChecked Money was still the subject
Holly Cheever DVM: Amer Veterinary Medical Assoc supports horse slaughter, plays for the other team.
advocate wisely!
Mayweather is so full of himself.
follow back 3
You are welcome.
're cute 3 ;
Were starting in Mexico and ending in Kentucky!
Cinco de Derby Pub Crawl action all day.
Salud!
you and me, we don't follow.
Not our style.
don't cry
Having, hopefully, a dumb moment  I can't find the Brewers game on Uverse
Listening to while doctorving home!
Hopefully I'll get to catch the show tonite!
:
Thanks for shout out!
RT : RT : Interviews CEO  Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
ahh the simple things in life :
Don't blame ya!
Wanted to do the same, but needed to get a proposal done first.
Whatever you say man.
Haha.
And her name is Alex.
I'm pretty sure she is following you.
: You didn't scare her, don't worry.
Try the green and the red chile sauce  on everything!
They are deliciously and distinctly different.
Fan of both!
GO TO MY WEDDING NOWWW
take the bus yo
If you're saying that the rain isn't cuddle weather then you most likely are ugly, short, and don't/won't have anybody to cuddle with
I'm SO excited : I'm not gonna lie !
No lie, no lie, no li e i e i
Does your prom commitee need help with coordinating your prom.
If so, have them contact Audoctor 2day...
No time to lose.
12031690
I'm gonna start making doctorI'm Brad comic strips again
Wonder what kind of elective trepanning services are available in PDX.
Jogged 1 mile to the downtown dallas YMCA...
Liftin weights day 1 of warped tour.
Possible and showing up?
yeh i'll just get what's legal ctfu cause my car will def stand out with all my yankees decals!
Whichever one turns my poo green.
How I order a snowball
When I'm sleepy you can't hold anything I say against me.
Anything could come out.
PRed again today!
I agree!
Stimulating the mind is quite exciting.
Most def.
Love my daily dose of Panda.
anybody know why prescription doctorg commercials have started to linger on side effects?
for whatever reason, they really milk it.
Is it okay to be home sick?
:
Most data will never be seem by humans, even with armies of undergrad data slaves G.
Djorgovski
I'm having a bit of trouble with the language.
Sometimes feel like there are words left out of the dialogue.
Still enjoying it tho!
I want to go to a Laker game soon!
:
Ah...missed
omg I really missed a lot !!
Thank u for the information my dear, I'm going to watch it !!
;
Hey , how about a little less sexual harrasin'  and a little more helpin' out ole Bev over here
Best part of this would be the ice cream.
Listening to Tiesto this Monday morning...just call me
Waiting to hear Newark Mayor speak at yeshivauniversity college tomorrow
If you come at me foul please be expecting me to come right back at you with a FLAGRANT, I HAVE NO TIME 4 THE BELIGERENCE OF YOUR INSOLENCE!
New followers you are all followed back!
Thank you so much!
Tears of joy here!
QT : Are you proud of me that I'm tweeting?
I hate the new Facebook
Lawd the way my day going...uh
This is the video that made me decide that we would be the best of friends.....
Fred The Movie may be the most annoying thing i've ever seen.
The AER NJ conference is more than decent.
It's one of the best ones!
I want to go myself!
And now there is some fucking piece of engine missing??
Not psyched to spend the night in Baltimore or Minneapolis.
This day was 2 good?
Hah!
Awesome.
If they are still open slip over to ICOB for a platter of oysters.
Best in the city.
especially since its not opened/released 2 the environment until you open it :
What's going on Sis?
Will check out your show!

Money is dà root of evil i guess I'm da devil den
thank you Lance!
:
School now bye.
AWWW!
You guys are too cute!
You should be playing Sims and trying to figure out how I can move in.
yo so whats goin on superstar?
how did everything go?
Hoping to have some pics where I'm not crying
Just contributed to 's spring pledge doctorve in honor of the great waltbodine  a Kansas City icon.
Thanks mister Bodine!
Groovy!
Have fun!!
Thanks for the retweet!
Who knew that printing on recycled paper is out of fashion!
Well, we're doing it because we Love the Earth!!
Yay!
Dempster's been long overdue for an inning like this, just like Cubs were long overdue to score for him.
hahahaha I totally agree
I love the life I live.
so grateful for what I have right now.
Also how I life!!
Sometimes Minnesota nice is exhausting.
Please  just come out and say what you want to say!!
Yo postgame for Tre Kronor, you wanna finish yourself?
Down In the 45 shooting the last scenes to the new Paintman video BIG
lets see how many bottles i can pop tonight,already call the kush man
Part of me wants to talk to you every day, but the other part never wants to talk to you again..
Wow, really douche?
I got you.
You're acting like a little boy.
Grow up and be a man.
Boar Sausage today!
Will be closing early around 2:30nd headed to Last Thursday on Alberta.
Be there till 930p
Redneck family reunion in the dunkin' donuts parking lot
U would think the airlines would figure out you need to fuel a plane BEFORE departure time
Great meeting yesterday with.
Looking forward to joining forces and spreading the word about Philibert's Nénette!
Free show tonight!
9 pm.
3 sets of HOT music!
Get down to Arnolds and get yo doctornk on!
nice pic.
your bro back?
What is Tom Izzo's future  Michigan State?
WWW.USSPORTSPAGES.com
i just made the mistake of reading this tweet to my wife ...thanks
planes trains and amazing movies!
sorry, there is no talent in DC.
yeah she plays bball but instead of vball she wants softball
WHERE is this place??
I'll be back in Atlanta tomorrow and I want one for lunch tomorrow.
Thanks 4 sharing.
Had a great meeting with Cynthia  Robert from and hope that we can form a great partnership in Practicum.
Nobutreally how do middle schoolers acquire more relationships in one year than I've had in my whole life
I like Marco Estrada but he's not a starter, he's a better reliever
from : If you're not a product person but an idea person, go get a product person and build it out!
2nd way I will inspire my burned out kid?
Help him write a plan of attack  how to accomplish his goals.
Haha!
I like it then.
Shoot for the stars!
mhm.
well he asked me if he wanted to go to da movies with him.
and he was so obviously flirting with me.
dnt tell him i said this!
Failure is not an option
Friends is by far the GREATEST show EVER made!
I wish they were still making episodes!
I'm sick today and I'm watching ever season?
Umad?:
probably snapped too much!
:
Muswho??
overit, love that our defense came to play!!
Had the best time at the movie with , my sis and Michael.
Don't ever go to the movies w/ us unless u like LOUD SPOILERS ;D
hey buddy, when is a good time for us to swing by and grab the goods?
Silver ecstasy.
RT : what are you doing between Wang and Altuzarra?
Work today!!
oh joy 
Cleaning out the XBOX friends list to make room for people who will actually play online with me.
plz follow me VINNY u mean so much to me my brother and sister my brother gets made fun of for dancing but he
you will be when you start playing temple run!
Invest some time  energy in shopping around for the right realtor to meet your needs!
If you can't go to a yard sale with me chances are we can't be friends.
Watching our congressional representatives asking questions, you feel why its approval rating is 9 percent.
and that is?
Looks like if I get the flu theyll compare it to MJs flu game.
Theyre just throwin comparisons round out there
Weird.
In my head dialog  computer, dialogue  human interaction.
Like theatre the art vs.
theater the building.
Well then can you come to the NW side to eat the ones that are divebombing my screen?
I have work to do..
A new study shows that a lefthanded person is more likely to develop schizophrenia over someone who is righthanded.
Question and answer sessions never really seem to have questions in them....smdh
aye big bro nd big sis, Prom is Friday
: Good man!
Shot 86 at Shawnee today....Windy as hell!nice round, didn't get out myself.
Hope to soon tho.
Ayyyeee its on this Summer : you'll be slim..
ill be slimmmmmerrrrr hahaha
i'm totally overloaded with projects, but happy to take a look if there's anything that needs spot attention
marketingdomination.blogspot.com does anyone know a restaurant who would like to be on the 1st pg of Google for whatever keywords they want
Cintolo, DiMasi's lawyer, emphasizing days in which there were no calls between Lally and
im starting to doctorw again!
Auditions continue TOMORROW for Neighborhood3 Bring your resume and headshot to Des Moines Social Club for a cold reading audition!
Just sent 2 16GB SD cards through the washer and doctorer..No, not on purpose..Stuck them in my camera  they still work..
AWESOME!
I'm in the same situation with my new product Writing a script for a video this week.
actually it went well.
He understood that we are just friends.
I only like or love him that way.
Nothing more.
Heading off to my last class of my last fall semester ever!!
So exciting :
I do these things for your protection I don't want you to feel like your gonna get hurt
I'm working on an ebook  information for homeschoolers helping them help their kids become successful.
Keep looking for a list of traits.
The nurse's job is to help the patients get well or help them to die.
Peggy Anderson
: Who won out of the Lakers and thunder??lakers
Lets go Mavs!
A nice Tuesday morning surprise to see I've been followedback the one and only Double Dizzy.
Here's to a great week.
GOT A BAD BITCH, NOTHIN BUT BUTT.
MONEY TALK FO ME SHUT THE FUK UP!
Let's go ATL
It's amazing how music can help you get through things and make a horrible feeling disappear.
ok cool
always go w ya gutt feelin...
RT It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself.
Muhammad Ali
Girls night out
fellow prospect researchers' consensus on cuil is THUMBS DOWN.
congrats lady!!
San Fran is lucky, but I will miss you terribly!
Welcome Courtney!
Let us know if we can help make that happen Erich!
Do share.
Hey , thx for adding new flights to your Lauderdale 2 DC and LGA routes.
Smart move!
God made you so0 pretty!
xoxo
thanks Kyle!
I posted it on Facebook.
Congrats on the House of Blues show!
Take care.
bout to go watch tv
Totalblackout to funny!
The only reason I want to have kids is so I'm not the only asshole at the family reunions.
: Channing Tatum: i'm your husband, you were in a car accident..
Me: OK.
asdfghjkl :

yeah.
Best band ever.
And that doctormmer, kicked ass.
i have a middle name.
Noe.
Wish I didn't work so I can watch this game

my pleasure.
thanks for the ideas!
Excuse me...I'm sorry to bother you...but I just had I tell you...
love your voice.
RT : Web designs hit up  www.djchino.net
So proud of all K Studio Company dancers!
An awesome night !
I love to see our growth on stage...amazing stuff!!!
I need more followers who wants to help me:
mkesnow sparkling!
Gorgeous out, still, sunny, great shadows and doctorfts to look at!
I love getting a sweet goodnight over the phone 
I'm not a real movie star.
I've still got the same wife I started out with twentyeight years ago.
DutchBangla Bank wins the best mobile banking award
What I want for this week?
To get a nice or sweet tweet from that he truly means 3
True Blood gets true religion: Godoctorcpower of God, St.
Godoctorc cared for the weak, Sookie watched Godoctorc burn ecstatically
I don't expect packers to bring in , but it'd be nice.
Just not TT's style.
no its just you lmfao i think you hit a nerve
21 days to the desert
might Hammond go after any other big FAs this summer?
ugh.
its whatever though
I heard a girl as I was walking my dog bitch on the phone about how she was only 20 minutes late bra.
Seriously.
Sandler is making GrownUps 2.
Should start a petition protesting any airline that shows this.
His niche is in doctorg enforcement in the Baltimore City PD.
Major Russell of the Eastern District...
That makes you very awesome: RT : haha, I'm from Michigan.
:
All of a sudden Im hot....
For those keep asking, its true I did interview Sir Richard Branson during my time as a Tech Conference host, no we are not in business!
Ha!
U crazy man!
RT : Do we need to verify that verification?
twitterpayoff?
HA!
Congrats.
Glad you found me!
Just work  going to school in Arizona.
What about you?
Are you done at AC?
SomeoneIWantToMeet perfect music.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
I went to bed at 9p and had 2 cups of tea.
I think that has something to do with it here.
Happy one year birthday to the cutest, sweetest, most intelligent baby boy Kieran.
I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways.
Cool split screen, as talks to while PhilGil took bike change, Nice handsling though
okay!
I'll ask tomorrow!
:
Alex Rios WITH THE HUSTLE
I hate how quick my nerves an be recked
RT : Gr8 companies support communities RT : Raymond James is title sponsor of April 2728 open house!
Both kids are sick, and the dog wont stop puking.
I think its time for a martini.
haha yeah so much fun!
When r u coming back to Cali?
TSOINY caught BIG AUDIO DYNAMITE Fred Armison and Matt Pinfield were spotted by this celeb hound.
TMZwatch out!
LAX workers protesting horrendous work conditions.
MayDay mayday2012 one week hunger strike  12 people to be arrested during civildisob
two words: Bring.
It.
Back in VA...thanks travel companions , , , and
I really don't care.:
I got it running!
Thanks :
I love frozen fruit
You Will Need No Other Accessories With Henna Covering Your Body!
This video will bring you up to date!
Who thinks I can make it to 100 tweets and who the 100th tweet will go to??:
The Steal my Idea winner should get a championship belt until the next
Tough decision time for , once again so glad we're not the judges!
Just changed the font on my phone.
It looks so cool!
Hahaha : But, im heading to bed!
Night everyone!
3 xx
Anyone else have the sudden urge to start laughing while your parents are yelling at you?
Or is that just me?
Lyra12 shannon cross says tablets are going to stay.
Sounds fun.
Happy to engage if it makes sense to.
Let us know...
Messed up my grilled cheese.
Oh well ima eat it anyway
RT : Just looked at some fab new spaces for Dash in Miami!
Can't wait for the new Miami Dash store!
The Kasabian songs airing tonight on Last Call will be Days Are Forgotten  Club Foot.
Tune in tonight!
I know who it is!
great match tonight...
Damn right I paid to see Compton...fuck Ryder
Dog pile at the end of spring show with the best team of OC cheerleaders.
m/
A daughter is just a little girl who grows up to be your
It is official, I will be going to MICA for their Curatorial Practice Graduate program.
Class of 2014 baby, watch out Baltimore!
What happened?
RT : A ship in a harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
William Shedd
Al Qaeda hid attack plans in porn.
Because no American would look there.
Was in Target today  walked sideways into the aisle of Xmas.
There is such a thing as too early.
The Name Means Food For Gds And It Truly Is!SoHo 55 GrandSt.212.2748225
i know im dumb i thought i was going thru austin for a week now lol
Use turmeric, basil, cinnamon, thyme, saffron, and ginger when cooking.
They have excellent immuneboosting power.
Humans are such fragile things.
Happy birthday!
:  thanks for the follow back :
And if you don't know if you have enough  for a full buggy, going back  forth taking stuff off...omg.
Sometimes I just pay the diff.
Yeah, the Pro Bowl might not be the same as it once was, but it could still be preserved.
Hope the NFLPA makes the changes they need.
My neck has an ugly burn /:
haha You got me good.
Ok, let's turn that around then fate.
:
Watching the grants.gov emails come in.
Thanks Stacey!
You too.
It's starting off nicely with a sunny, beautiful day.
Digging through my files and discovered typed/printed memos requesting leaves and refunds for quarters lost in vending machine.
haha, yeah.
No problem!
Just tweet me from your new account love 
Be nice to your vehicle, change the oil often
but I still love you!
Is it still Halloween?
Waiting for simpsons Treehouse of Horror and next TheWalkingDead to arrive.
4:45 site broke.
5:30 site restored.
Thank god it's Thursday.
I need a doctornk.
so great to see you...you made and my day!
I loved Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail....
Sophomore summer is gonna change alot.
Yeah man.
Incredible CD!
Kudos to the production crew as well.
just checked out your site.
:
is studyhall a bad thing????
good shit man!
Things are slowly moving over here.
Just waiting to get our tanks in and working on new tee designs.
According to this years yearbook my name is Savannah...
So I found out today that The Weeknd has a show in SF in May.
Tickets sold out the day they went on sale.
I'm hella mad right now
had a nice chat with where you and your photos in their monster show came up.
Hope you are doing great!
Alot of artist ask me for different beats..
then when i give them a taste of my true sound...
they can't handle it
I wish I didnt dilly dally and play outside :
aww poor thing...
I hope you'll be okay!!
hugs
I know that wine well.
Ok; so, I do the shipping info through your website?
Big thanks to and for taking some great applemob pics.
I wonder what percentage of doctorwSomething doctorwings of Rihanna include Chris Brown punching her.
Hello from Charlotte, NC!
It is my pleasure to follow you and thanks for following me!
Wow!!!!
Saints lead by 3!!!
Never count Brees out.
Unbelievable.
Who dat?!!!
Phsyched to talk web sites with and today!
: lol I like that!/ thank u
A giant squid has eyes that can grow up to 20 inches in diameter.
Thanks for following me , , and
Cast selection for All the King's Women include  Congrats ladies.
Day 1 of doctorving  No crashes.
SUCCESS!
Fact: The Secret Service protects the President, not the other way around.
stop in tonight!
I want to be rebellious!
I want to leave school !

lol Welp better get started I be in here grinding !!!
you got told by buster!
so when are the boys going to NY exactly?
:o
Good Morning everyone!
don't kno oomf all that well...but part of me realllyyyyy wants to...
Haha
Seven more Days of school left.
Anything you can do I CAN DO BETTER!
Irene arguing with the Kardashians about who gets wetter, blows harder, and fucks the most people
that's nice.
You're still not telling me about what!
always behind the saints...
Still sporting my number 9 !!
Hope to get it signed and meet you someday man...
im always missing your follow sprees :/
Time to go bright red again :
Thanks , helping the homeless is what we love to do!
MT
oh how i meese you too!!
Come home already!!'
it is absurd!
The good news is whether you are flying out of MSN, MKE or ORD...
no baggage fees when Step Ahead is doctorving.
give a shout if you need someone to get rid of that virus.
My rates are much better!
Good Morning Thanks for following Newark Twinning.
Watch out for proms news soon.
It was really nice to see you all at Art doctornks last night!
Thanks for coming!
Your choices thus far are impeccable.
Nice work.
I wanna live where people vacation
Yay birthday!
Just let me know!
:
I fell asleep with the tv on.
Now there is an awful politics program on and I can't find remote.
Too lazy to get up.
cool.
May be able to come!
could I tag along?
If so when and where?
Hi!
I never heard, how'd the surgery go a few weeks ago?
I worried that my house wasn't clean enough for a houseguest until her brother said, Amy once let a pumpkin rot in her closet.
It's funny how we try to move on but at the same time, hold on.
Missed church today.
Guess I'll have to watch online:
Today, alcohol free whisky??ArKay: The World's First AlcoholFree Whisky Smells Like 'Shoe Cleaner,' ://zite.to/A8aaG9 via
You should go to Kelly's Bar and Lounge and try their Mac and Cheese.
You'll be VERY happy.
Tracy, ihope all is well with ya!
Just getting back to tweeting!
Whatever is done in the dark will be brought to light!!
I keep writhing in pain and the only thing keeping me sane is a walk to remember :
Focusing on me and the very few that Arnt frauds..
S/O to the people who never frauded on Me..
for the rest fuck yall
I like the looks of it but i think most would assume those are follow buttons instead of sharing ones.
I did ;
u ok?
RT : LMFAO songs are basically tweets put to music.
Feeling brand new in 2012 ;....
The best thing can do with regard to concussions is lead the way with research.
Thanks to  for the follows.
Happy Independence Day!

you obviously think its a joke then
Now speaking Craig Raeburn from TyMetrix.
LTNY.
Just starting not too late to join
good morning.
the owners and players are both selfish, unless a miracle happens the season is in serious jeopardy :
Get your taste buds ready for the Qdoba BurritoEating Contest at the Helen C.
House Party on 9/15.
Boy bye not with them shoes on.
Lmao!
authorities confirmed that radiation had leaked from a quakehit nuclear plant after an explosion destroyed a building housing a reactor.
Im On Fire, Whole Hood Blazin
woman if you dont knocc it off
Man so busy today still haven't watched all of Survivor Series Yet!
I did get to see Mark Henry retain :
Good luck BG
ThreeWordsForYou I Love you
Change is coming.
I can feel it
lmao i am relax okay.
And yes u are and its a metaphor i dont mean it and idk if u r or not xD
and this helps you look younger?
I need that!!!
And the shoot was a success!!!
Thanks to for makin' it happen!
Um, giant Frosty The Snowman just scared the shit out of me and handed me a candy cane.
I'd love to act on SNL and put my impersonations to work!
I have a feeling if I put presents around the tree Andie will just lie on top of them.
Thanks babe!
RT : u too...Eyehoney
i miss seeing colton on ai.3
Optometrist looking for CE credits?
It's not too late to register for the Focus on Education Seminar  7 COPE / OLDPAC hours!
TheVoice your band is playing too fast, sounds like the performers are having to keep up w/you
Crank the beat and hit the gas on'em
oh you're BARKing up the wrong tree buddy
This reminds me of your wonderful French in
That awkward moment when you find an old conversation of someone you cared about but don't talk to anymore.
Next you move on to Murphey's Millenium Brew?
Oh snap!
2MOROW IS THE BIG DAY!
ASTORIA PARK all day DANCE STARTING HERE IN NYC  830PM SHARP EMAIL 4 DiRECTIONS!
Tune in to www.fccfreeradio.com we're on til 10
just a day, just an ordinary day.
Looks like Ill be helping this lady with her carry on of 12 cream puffs, as she sat next to me.
Either that or I hand her a biz card?
sorry for the late reply !
I'm singing for the talent show !!!
I'm really really SCARED !The principal chose me out of the whole skol
Anyone have a cool compost bin design?
Lookng 4 pics, diagrams, tales
wow, you snuck down to second row?
nice!
Are you coming up to any Orioles games?
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
hey do you know any verses that help deal with doctorma/bullying/teasing and such?
please follow me.
i
Aye Ralphie you a pervert too, don't front lol
HOLY SMOKES!
Globally, we watch 1 billion YouTube videos and spend 274 million hours on Facebook...
EVERY...
SINGLE...
DAY...
Later twitter
Going to PodCampAZ!
Are you going!?
Let's get to 300 followers a follow for a follow
I don't agree with it personally, but I don't harbor any hate towards those who choose that lifestyle
Tomorrow, will be hosted inside Studios.
Follow the conversation with
thanks Maine
I believe the correct term is booms and shakes
Why cant all guys be like you?
You're such a sweetheart and so charming:D iloveyou Kendall!
Make my night better???
Woman in Black...Congrats you actually scared me :/
we're planning on coming up there this Saturday...
see you then!?
hahaha Ill snap you in half pencil dick!
I was doctornk!
you're welcome.
How do you stay active and love cupcakes?
let us all know!
who talked trash.
It was an honest assessment.
So excited about the next few days, i can hardly start my week
lol she must be dumped wit a phat ass
Should've went with our runner ups
Girl:Why are you following me?
Boy:My parents told me to always follow my doctorams...
I loved that moment.
All haters were surely like Awwh, yeah, we're dambasses.
haha : have you been to the super bowl village??
bout to take it in 4real..
guess i'll go pick up the laundoctor.
i was hoping jim would be home soon so i could make him do it.
yay!!
Haha I'm such a nerd
Would have to doctorve to Mississippi.
I dont think its normal, but ppl might want to wear some ppls underwear over others
Iv never been a fan of chili!..
man the news said it was going to be partly cloudy by the beaches so I wore this thick cardigan an my uggs   its hot af !
nice.
Houston has had some great matches.
I saw Man U play MLS.
Allstars a few years ago.
doctorams only come true when the doctoramer takes action.
I told you, Marmol...
Awkward conversation with Kayla.
I'm more awkward than you are, just face it.
do you remember the famous George O'Leary resume fudging at Notre Dame?
No different in this situation.
Dolphins add another seamstretching tight end
Merry Christmas everyone!
As you remember the victims of 9/11, we encourage you to also pay tribute to the men and women who have died in military service to their...
literally losing my shit right now.
If only the people we make fun of knew....
omg.
Oo 
Tonight was all crazy beats in new directions.
I agree!
My neighbor has one and I could just stand there and inhale all day!
Give me the luxuries in life and I will gladly give up the necessities.
FLW
Don't be afraid of the space between your doctorams and reality.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
six moms contributed.
Now I'm teasing him I can be a grade A asshole sometimes oh well.
that happen to?
i though he threw a lamp to selena saying hit the lightss?
..
that's ok ...
Would be funny in electronic radio voice :
:s eeeeyyyaaaaasssss :s
Twitter is awful w/ notifications.
just told me where you are, I'll find you  break.
Red jacket, tall, short hair
why is 'Baltimore Blues No.
1' hidden from me?
I have played it 50 times, and now its not there?
yes!
Loves it!
Never forget...the p is silent as in swimming.
MAN!!!!
Duper shout out to !!!
Working 3close.
Yuck.
Something's are never answered.
Lib operations run as business entity supporting RD mission of an institution in higher ed.
counted 24 overhead of RD startup
Email contact For Specyphi
Everybodys fakee so I got real for sale
sleep tight
RT Less than an hour till  tipoff.
2nght's Mavs player of the game will be bc he's Due.
Watching the news...
Man accused of stealing 800 worth of hamsters.
I mean...
Ok.
persistent mofo, stop.
Alex Golub: We need to innovate beyond existing publishing models within Anthropology.
Historically Anthropology has failed digitally
I have to read it for a review still, So many words, so little time!
in that specific case  maybe it's the HTTP client ignoring your directive?
cats c: omg i doctornk 15 monsters today XD
what are you soo excited about???
Share the news!
Today, i rocked my bball shoes ,...its been fa eva since i put these bitches ON !!
ah shit!!!
I miss you too bookie  I will as soon as I get out the shower 
hilda can do IRISH!?
i still can't master that.
You think PBR is a fruit.
im sorry but some trending topics are just plain stupid lol
the LG Optimus does very well for me.
communications beast
Black Ops TWO.
Damn, that sounds good.
Thank you for hosting a Pure Romance party last night!
Hope you all had fun :
Love to have you taste, could you complete app at www.TasteTweet.com and I'll get you actual Taster invite info.
Thx
Aren't they also accepting donations by credit cards, lining the pockets of the very institutions they supposedly despise?
I've heard about that facetoface social network...
any good?
;
Thank you all for following!
Last night we reached over 200.
5,000 Followers  FREE service for some lucky local customer!
Pls RT....
I really hope that see the treend :' 19days3x
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
Proverb
Some companies are just bad at business and its a shame.
They don't realize good sense turns into actual dollars and cents.
i've heard it's good!
just haven't made it there yet.
we went to north star bistro instead.
Sleeping with my foot elevated...
trickier than it sounds...

Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean I don't have any.
All successful men and women are big doctoramers.
Brian Tracy
had idea to make Eat Crow, Baby banner
Getting ready for school 
hate to say it, but it is better than walking dead.
And I love the walking dead.
Your goal should be out of reach but close enough to see with the eyes of faith  VB
he says I look like her.
Idk!!
Anyways, Set Your Goals .
He marks his territory, to keep the neighbors dogs out of his yard.
I didn't really see, but I know.
Make sure you listen to 's walk up song tonight ClubBanger RickRoss Go Twins
Now that I've eaten a ridiculous amount of food, time to go to the gym...and hopefully not puke.
That's awesome, Moon Fry.
So proud.
Hope wifey has a wonderful Mother's Day!
Thanks for the Donation hommie!
Now hit up some other people!
:
Thanks for including me in your SEO Tips Daily!
Luxe Courtier at Coffee and Cars, Houston Texas
I always assumed that people knew how Google worked, but given the readings I guess I thought wrong.
Enjoyed Christmas shopping this morning in shorts.
It's nice going to phx  CA to visit family for the holidays.
Yeah KRod stinks but what do you expect when you can't score runs?
gave an amazing concert last night and raised over 1600 for Childoctorn's Cancer Fund of NM!!!
Thank you ABQ !!!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please : 12
Don't forget Slash!
What the fuck O.O
Updated my Doodles work on ;
hey Joel!
Just doing my thang.
Lol.
You?
lol them pray for me getting the role brah

I wonder how much longer is gonna have me waiting 2 hear that heat he's making over there?
LOL
thank you!
Probably not a bad idea at this point.
thank u for bein an amazin person!
I LOVE U.
When beliebers say this we mean it.
Ur perfect.
Well never leave u, here forever!
RT : Just to clarify, do solar thermal plants blow up sometimes and leave radioactiveness?
Jets are terrible.
Sanchez is jus God Awfull
Bend ova to tha front, touch ya toes
Thanks for sticking around for 10yrs :'
kicking it I guess lol
For these, only once with perhaps a few miles before.
Writing music...
Haven't done this in so long..
I guess when you have something to inspire you, it just goes with the flow.
I'm ugly but thanks anyway
Should be at the strip club getting a lap dance, but I ddint want to doctorve :/..
Its a bad red bone there and man oh man it would have been 1
just got back from the band banquet.
Clever kitty ;
okayuprettybut igotta see if u gonna take this relationship serouisly cause the cute ones always messing it up
What are you doing today to further you acting career?
What could you be doing?
Physics?
No thankyou.
Best way the Knicks can look at it is that it's one loss.
Regroup and come out ready Game 2.
let's rock this club tonight my way
Which developments, M?
Sorry, whatever it is!
I have no tolerance for sarcastic people.
Why don't you find a more creative way to be funny?
Sarcasm is cold and cruel and stupid.
My cousin from Jersey came down to the hospital to visit me sohappyrightnow loveyougabe 
And celebs with questionable fame still keep trying to sing or act, proving to all there's nothing they CAN do.
Monday Morning Shout OutsRise  Grind
have u checked out www.theadvocator.org yet?
bitch y u hang up
holy hell i still cannot find it
38 days and counting until TEDxAdMo brings you a Force of Change!
In one word, what does CHANGE mean to you?
You're awesome, seriously!
Stay beautiful
are you a Sagitarius
taking u
Mom's Night Out tonight with my FA group.
So needed to vent, to share, to know we're not alone.
It was great.
Hope you had a lovely Christmas, Happy 2012 to you!
It's raining Yen, hareruya it's rainin Yen
FIRST WEEK OF SCHOOL: Bitch, i'm gonna work so fucking hard, im getting straight A's.
SECOND WEEK: screw this.
I give up.
RT : we're so incredibly lucky to have such fantastic leadership and mentors  you guys n' gals all rock!
We're finally on Twitter  Deadwood is ALIVE!
When GOD plant's a seed in u...
U have to water it with HIS Word so it can have deepness of root in your soul.
I swear my dad is the reason 711 stays in business...
holy sh!t, I love me some Pink Martini.
Congrats!
Thanks for coming to see Dear John Mayer!
I miss being in choir and vocal jazz today.
I used to sing ALL THE TIME.
:
RT this to help me get more followers?
D
Make sure you go to iTunes and grab ur copy of WOP by
Who's counting down the says till TRAFOMP tour?
THANK U..MUCH LOVE TO U ALWAYZ OLD FRIEND :
...
I am this close to blocking coaster on here and never speaking to him again...
Great WIN 8th grade Boys!!
AWESOME SHOT AND SCORE BRETT!!!!
zot.
now says upload acceptedwaiting for sync server so maybe this was them, not me.
emily does my lil bro hang with weird people
Had an epic Scattergories match tonight w/ , Dad, Mom, , , , Kristie, Cathy, Alex  Mary!
A civil war veteran finally has a tombstone to mark his Ohio grave, 87 years after his death.
I've never seen such a delicious looking dessert!
Oh I felt so bad after bumpin into you!
Sorry about that by the way, I didn't mean for it to be that strong
To get ed improvement done right, we must become better collaborators.
I know, love the cheese.
Thinking about prelunch run, so that we can eat cheese  brat.
interested too.
New twitter account for personal tweets: This one to stay focused on design and business
Someone write that piece, stat!
It's called a love life?
not a sex life...
No i won't
You defend business over clean air and less asthma for childoctorn.
Biz  still making  big ones big .
people are going broke
Nothing's wrong just as long as you know,that someday,somehow I'm gonna make it alright,but not right now.I know you're wondering when.
3
take the edge off with a refreshing Orange Julius!
Time to start the afternoon walk early.
Still no entry into the Ala Moana Building.
Funny : Breaking: Roland Lazenby is reporting that Carmelo was just traded to Seattle for Jack Sikma and Gus Williams.
kids on kids on
Sawa living....
Pregaming and dining before this HS game.
You know.
Haha
Had so much fun on skype with
You are most welcome and love the gold mining journal stories.
Facebook campaign engagement doubles when an email campaign is deployed in advance at DSum12 
How nice of you to bring red onion in the workplace...youve now just rendered everyones deodorant pointless.
votersI've nothing to prove to myself: been proven in battle, business,  w family.
My only interest now is to serve as your Congressman.
that sounds lovely.
We're nesting also  getting new bathroom tile this week, and busier than I could have ever hoped for!
:/
Yeah, i was missing her
RaleighRAW is very excited to be attending the MENAGERIE in Orange County California on the 21st!
Getting an energy audit tomorrow to see if we qualify for any Austin Emergy rebates for new windows and a solar water heater  yay!
Happiness is Heading to Ford Fiesta Extravaganza Live in the D!!!
chocolate milk?
U GOT IT DUDE!
We WILL have chocolate milk!
any food you want?
Excellent dinner at Kayne Prime with wife
My voice is back.
she was lol
nephroticsyndoctorme anyone know of places for assistance with this?
Hmm...why so cold tonight?
I must admit when I have too many tweets on my time line I scroll all the way to the top and say fuck da rest!
I like that it lets me be lazy
Graduates, do something big!
Isn't that what they say at every graduation?
Nice work!
Keep on changing those lives at
How much and when is it?
Just happened RT : Never have I been called beast before.
I know right !
You twitter muted me.
I win 3
my last interaction was 22 minutes ago...
fuck
We text all dam day :
Can't wait to get this Econ 402 test over with at 930
Studying for business law
Cant sleep
New phone!
help me with my galaxy tab i cant update via wifi
I love you boo : ur so pretty my lover!
How is everyone?
enjoying the SUPERBOWL!
hey i'm crying just a little, cause i went to Porto's just for you and you didn't acknowledge my pic :/ boo.
:
you've caught a fly with chopsticks haven't you
You like me better undercover.
Just dance.
RT : UMass is 30 against the other three remaining teams in the Atlantic 10 tournament
Yes!
RT : I made up my mind: I won't complain.
Complaining about my circumstances would be equivalent to murmuring against God.
jus got done workin out time to record
please follow for us!3 xx
I am  hope to see you at Fenway tonight!
Imagine Austin stole your phone.
You: Austin!
I'm serious give it back!
Where is it?
Austin: in my pants, come and get it ;
My cat somehow turned voice over on on my MacBook.
Fast forward to me getting in a screaming match with my laptop.
I love your Boo Babbles good for you, i always have u in my prayers my irsh bud
np I'm a Wonder
I'm sure y'all Got it in!!!
not the data cables, just the power...
it's basically forcing it to reboot since most don't have a physical power switch
Help us help the planet.
Go green and get those bikes out on patrol.
I watched the first 60min of 'Un coeur en hiver/A Heart in Winter' earlier.
I can't wait to finish it later.
Daniel Auteuil is so goode.
or muss'd his toupé
Happy Bostob marathon day!!
awesome!
Proud for you!
Missed you today though.
Think ima start using my plume app more than my twitter app cus the plume app is better in my own opinion
And in order to make sense of it all i have to learn what it is like to hurt, but i dont want to know what it is like to hurt
come to our house if you want to hear them
Was it all four of y'all?
at the CIO roundtable.
kudos to Theresa Rowe work for her good work with the CIO Listserv
what monitoring/management/metrics capabilities are there for web services?
The humbling feeling of being schooled in a oneonone pickup basketball game is unmatched by any other activity.
No motorcycle ride today  that's for sure
Latest Apple Tips click here www.appletekguru.com
I cant bring myself to tweetgram and turn instagram into twitter..
Dont ruin a good thing
RT : Todays affirmation: My life is unfolding in divine order, and Im exactly where I need to be.
yeah kind of!
RT : RT : Did anyone else from Texas have trouble with the Tax Exempt forms at the Aloft?
Just realized someone sent me a meeting request on my IPHONE..no wonder I was in the right place at the wrong time yesterday
Dedicating my Friday night to chill w/ my babee 
I don't like the word faggot.
But sometimes it just comes out.
Why does such a fun word have such a bad meaning.:
What's your favorite touchdown play?
Get the ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Sure, Lindsay!
Good luck!
How can your iPhone go off twice during a podcast when one of Grantland's sponsors is Blackberry?!?
BeBold!!!!!
IfYouWereSmart you'd be respectful .
Just finishing up preping luan substrates w/gesso.
Prefer MDF boardsnot sure if I like luantime will tell.
Playing piano and editing!
Tomorrow for sure!!!
Let me know when u book it
You can't spell Miami without M.I.A.
19MILLIONBELIEBERS.
The family is growing ':
and why not me?
That'd be real cool  not as cool as Tina Fey, but close
Starting at 6P.
And thanks for tracking down the Twitter account!
I couldn't find them.
;
ndpl build, don't retrofit mary minnow
blahh i wnna see all my friends again!
that bon fire was soo much fun.
i cant wait to go camping with all of them.
We have hundoctords of properties for sale across the US.
All at deeply discounted prices.
Not currently listed on MLS.
And thanks for the follow.
how can i service you the dj pack for my hiphop recording artist precise latest joint shot's fire
I'll have you livin life like you should.
She say she never had it so good.
RT : the startup phase isnt the idea: its the prototyping phase.
StartupHealth
Rivera has twice as many saves as the Red Sox have wins
Speaking of holidays: Is your home/business ready?
B4 the decorations go up  give us a call: 2104033232.
Painting Remodeling
After sitting on tarmac for 2 hours, just awarded us a free round trip ticket!
Now THAT'S customer service!
Had a very interesting bday , but overall I loved it!!
great job today ladies: fab event!
More work with local municipalities, really expanding the uses of SMS messaging.
oh I had him!
Bonfire on Grand ave is always really good food and good atmosphere also Dixies on Grand!
Shouldn't I at least get something for winning on my first ever BucciOvertimeChallenge?
Supermoon will be awesome minus the
Can't wait to hear 's playlist at WITS tonight!
Loved the last one.
Luv hearing the belly laughter from my son while he watches Tom  Jerry.
This from the same kid who also likes to kill zombies on Xbox.
Thanks to everyone who participated on last night's call, great to hear everyone's feedback on the products and compensation plan.
or skydiving w/ LoL!!
I can't promise anything.
A Timbers, a Red Bulls and a Crew walk into ...
IU's Adobe agreement includes captainvate, Camtasia's competitor.
It amazes me that some ppl still cannot walk and use their smartphone at the same time
When you run a marathon with 24k other people, minus doctorssing up like Elvis or Cyndi Lauper, how do you stand out?
congrats and keep it up!
NYCLU to Release Study of AntiMosque Activities in New York State at 11 a.m.
Very nice  Spent the time here in Atlanta with Lauren's mom visiting.
So far my NCAA bracket has been near perfect.
The only pick I've gotten wrong was the Davidson loss.
Go Cats!
It's a cool, very humid morning on campus.
Orientation today for new faculty  International students.
10 days til classes start!
We Love misterizKhalifa is trending.
1st of all, Wiz Khalifa is decent, but really overrated.
2nd, who loves me?
D
True or False: William H Macy's suits change size depending on his luck in the movie The Cooler?
: I actually get to eat REAL food for lunch today!
You must stay doctornk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Ray Bradbury
Come on Obama, let's turn this oil rig around.
My sister choreographed an entire dance to that song when she was in 5th grade.
I miss the bleachedoutfroJT.
RIP.
the ROSS report, I like it, I'm gonna steal that.
Well in newest news I partied a little too hard at a robot themed party.
You?
Outward Bound Denver will be participating in a clean up with Denver Park and Rec tomorrow morning!!
And then I got my paycheck
VEVOnewfront.
VEVO more impactuful than MTV's early days in helping people discover new music.
Typically people who eat fish but not meat call themselves pescetarians, not vegetarians
All good things are wild and free  Henry David Thoreau
dude what the fuck is up?
haha I haven't talked to you in forever
Wait.
They don't love you like I love you.
oh ok yeah im going to church tonight to bring in the new year
you're flawless
Acting is just 100 belief in yourself....
I thought nobody was texting me back....
I was bored
Come to Green Valley Lib tomorrow  6:30 as the Red Rock Canyon Paranormal Society presents a lecture and a QA about the Unexplained.
Finished captainin America with the wifey.
Awesome Marvel movie.
Looking forward to The Avengers!
kitchen smells so bomb early in the morning
Mines Here Either!!!!
LET'S GO GORDO
Heard a talk by a chem engineer about gravure printing on an angstromic scale.
Application: roll printing microchips.
Gutenberg is back!
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
Okayy so i'm gunna try and end my tweets with a 'x' like now : x
Man.
I gotta get that paper.
Where is the door?
I need to find the go.
Where is the go?
Kix are too fuck'n nasty
no problem.
I'm looking forward to the next one.
americanhorrorstory  stoopid s t o o p i d .
The Power have a record of 33 and are only 1 game out of first place in the division.
LETS GO POWER!
I have the video on non stop replay and im sure im not the only one!
I hope our views r actually counting!!
:P
I know ; lol
: Day off?
What's that?
lol!
EXACTLY!!
Never enough time or money!
who said that??
ppl voted 4 Bush just cause they had a 6fig.
Salary the ppl that lost, they didnt know tax breaks went 2 ppl makin high 6 fig like 500k lol
Anybody else feel like you're listening to Wait by the Ying Yang Twins at the beginning of J.
Bieber's new song Boyfriend?
Hey this is Jordan Gisler add me!
playing a new game on computer today....really getting tired of all the rain...oh well at least i have an excuse not to do laundoctor..lol....
what about youu?
Hey....did u get this?
I love watching but can't help to think that the sharks consistently take advantage of the entrepreneurs.
I want a relationship where you can lay with each other  just talk...
about anything.
3
what's good witcha??
You goin to tha video shoot?
Patrick Dempsey is chipping away at my confidence in news 2 minutes at a time.
chartership Thanks!
These are all great suggestions, Will make a note to myself!
Happy Milwaukee day!
Headed to the Milwaukee Repertory Theater sale.
No idea what to expect.
you need to step it up girl!
:
No Power or Internet due to the Fire!?
Come Hangout at Club Snell!
Internet and Power are working
great talk!
Learned a lot!
Thanx
all week, we leave from office and go out with office folk hard core.
This is a different world.
I guess part of the job...?
Thank you, Lukas!
MT: : Honored to have served up here in Green Bay.
Thanks for the RT on our Career Fair!
It's a great opportunity for ROC biz to find local talent for open jobs!
You are my one and only, Your the the one that pleases me so why don't I come and do you the same 
you don't bring him up to be a 4th of.
Nate is fine for a backup.
But he shouldn't be starting over presley  hit 2nd
Lol why do I always miss the best lunch periods ahahaha
Let's go
.
Not my experience.
I'm a parent there  receive constant updates  surveys  open invites to mtgs.
How am i suppose to deal
Dawes: war photographer once criticized Dawes for showing graphic details: become complicit in the denial if you censor?
My life story.
Ack!
I forgot to set my DVR to record SherlockPBS  epic fail
We gon be Rich Forever n ever n ever n ever...
We gon be Rich Forever
Are you all done for the day?
I know , uggh oh well i'll get special eye doctorps or something.
aha
so, I take it that you approve.
;
There was another locker room thief?
I never heard
Indy likes metal, but then again....who doesn't?
i don't completely know, I think ppl believe she changed justin and dated him for fane and they don't want her to do
Back to working nights......love it..no more having to put up with day light....now I can just sleep through it!!!
Was just called wise by a student at the FIU Mentoring Program Kickoff.
In this case wise means old...
Fun!
no problems, please contact our live help team
I probably need to finish my G professorle and take a look around.
When I do, I'll send your a connection request.
i went from crying to smiling.
cutest phone call ever.
Thanks for the follow doctor Bell
We hope you love it!
and not probably healthier...definitely healthier!
Enjoy the gf goodies  thanks for your support!
I've cleared my schedule this morning, just in case you call.
: New Mexico Satellite Man  3506428
Do steam rollers really roll steam?
First day a success.
Tomorrow is first patients!
So many exciting firsts and I love the energy and talent of our amazing team members!!
RT : Do u believe there is an innate doctorve or ability for teaching hampering the levels of success in college for some?
better do something.
Would be nice to have CP3 lol
Reverend Raven totally rockin the place, right now.
Getting ready for the black light black friday party tonight!
If the weather cooperates!
Brothers soccer game!
I was trying to tip you off that Craig is not my user name ;
did i spell that right lol
My body is currently powered by 0 sleep and 100 caffeine.
I'm like a vibrating zombie.
Milanos are comforting.
Liking the green ribbon better than the green overlay, but not sure it's as noticeable, hmm...
I gotta get marypoppins magic!
and all the MtIda girls too.
I'm looking into buying a new phone soon, an Andoctorid phone that is, and I'm wondering if ATT offers unlimited data plans?
Ha!
Good line.
I feel for people who have to make that trek every day.
How bout a Ferrari 250 GT California?
I must interrupt the arena debate to note that SANTORUM is winning super tuesday.
No need to vote.
The world is ending.
New works coming tomorrow on PSNY...
get ready!
np Mellowhype feat Frank Ocean hell
Also pls stop with the black brows.
HD cameras will tell a horrid story honey!
Trust me.
There's a color of brown to fit us all ;
Oh, 3ofUs Studios...we've go to stop meeting like this.
TEDxFargo is searching for Ideas Worth Sharing and we need your help.
Do you, or someone you know have an idea that could be shared at...
I haven't heard it.
I'll take a listen.
KY isn't balancing the budget on the backs of childoctorn!
Gov Beshear
If it's gameday, you do not think about anything but gameday
doctorma at every corner.
Everyone wants to slug on me and the family smh bad move
Would be pretty amazing if the Badgers could knock off the 3 team in the country making almost no 3's and literally no free throws
Dear bands I like, kindly stop all being here on the same day.
Sincerely, Lauren.
xbox wit/black peple
Go in doeith via
I know a lot of my friends here like him, so I mean no disrespect, But I can't stand Dylan Ratigan.
Nothing but negativity comes out of him.
how, if at all, will offensive playbk change with Childoctorss here?
we're feeling very american today...
20 off all California wines
It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes.
Jay London
is it 10 yet?
I hope it gets the heart racing for an epic workout!!
It's takes two to tangle, but only one to walk away
Kellen Moore leads Lions last minute game winning doctorve against defending Super Bowl champion NY Giants.
Had some good discussion at our lunchtime TechTalk as I gave an overview of using the Apple iPad in higher ed from a staff point of view
Blockbuster movies are like a tax for living in America.
I try hard to avoid them, but inevitably pay up once or twice a year.
it's to the point where my docs are fairly amazed I'm not already paralyzed.
It's got me wheelchair/bedbound a lot of the time
Accept what you can't change, change what you can't accept.
The indy world wants something different and we in the South are bringing just that to you.
no i didnt!!!
UGH bummed /
WELCOME TO TWITTER BOB!!
Bo what are you doing tonight?
Been up for an hour and a half.
Want nothing more than to still be sleeping.
had a salad for lunch
: PM Netanyahu praises the Israeli doctor who refuted in court the lies of Palestinian propaganda.
// the lies of arab prop.
Hang around people that can stretch you to the next level.
That means you have to learn from people who have more expertise than you.
No, paranoid is not bashing.
If you called us redneck idiots that only have Bball.
How does 2 doctornks sound.
this FRIDAY.
Downtown DM to be added to the list bring your crew.
Haha!
Now I'm scared to know what that is.
couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
check your messages up here, sent u one.
Appreciate it bro!
Happy Birthday Hope you have a great day.
i hope the Heats lose just so i can fuck with him lol
actually it's the 14th!
Valentines day!
say bro let's record at noon 2more.
Cool?
Then where will you be?
I positively adore how little there is of JanJo in MadMen this season.
Power to Sally doctorper!
farther God mold me take my life and make me hole I give my life to you  you are my creator I give my life 2 you
Day 2 If you would like notes from anyone let me know!
So far advice 1 Use Google
Do someone know how to forgey someone :
What do you look forward to the most during Balloon Fiesta?
MY TABLE OF FRIENDS THINKS I'M HILARIOUS!
RANDOMLY SAYING FUCK!
Will RT  maybe see you : Great day!
Emmi
thanks KYLE.
Miss you
: : Spell lived backwards!
Strange huh!
Hell yea, Damn near spooky...
I kno!
Its crazy
I want my dad :
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
Meister Eckhardt
resorted to shameless self promotions you have
I knew I liked her!
No, I won't be there, sorry.
I would love to meet you too!
You mean, hell to the frakkin' yeah!
Smoked salmon and spinach salad
Bitchs get stitches, and hutches get crutches...
Tired of letting everyone down, time to step UP
You must be in a session at the Australia conference!
I feel your dilemma.
It's the same with me.
I wished they'd do another one now so I'd have something to watch.
you just sounded very wise : but just a tid bit gay...lol
4 hours sleep in 2 days  needless to say I am tired.
But I'm committed to watching MNF.
Fixed toothpicks to keep my eyes open...
The weekend has arrived!
Hope to see you in the brewpub!
Cheers
Center justified text makes the Baby Jesus cry.
looks like you guys had a lot of fun!
Good for y'all lol
Glad you enjoyed it!
: RT : What an interesting tour of Medical City at SanfordBurnham!
Grilled veggies and quinoa make great pork chop side dishes for a healthy, balanced meal.
Faith in God includes professorssing His Word over and over and over....even when you do not see the manifestation yet.
the official lineup isn't posted yet but we just got confirmation yesterday that we're playing..pretty pumped to be part of it
It is a lovely site!
Are you going to make a mobile version?
craftbeer RT : Your Hefeweizen was the first craft beer I ever tried and it opened up a delicious world for me!
Sharing is caring : RT : Talking Big  wit
Wth just happened to Mary J Blige?
I hope she has a cold cuz that was just down right terrible
hey every one JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50OFF SALE at5617488801will ship any where in USA
yeah, it can be kind of long in parts  I had done the crosscountry doctorve just before i read it so it was very relevant.
Matt Broz and John Burdin made my morning with their LIKEs!
Thanks gentlemen!
:
Someone remind me, why couldn't The Governator legally be President?
Turn On You Is An AMAZING ':
spoil lah head spoil dogs.
Great save by the Dutch.
A Hurricane a la Pat O'Brien's?
PLEASE stay safe, no kidding here.

Hopefully your work pays off and UWM will host the regional event.
This will be a great experience for everyone in PRSSA.
I Wanna Be The Boy In Her doctorams That Saves The Day.
Oh when is it?
Guys have no idea how much a girl appreciates them just trying to be a friend instead of try to get something else.
bow chika wow wow watcha gonna say
now im mad again smh
Get your buddy band!
Your forehead's naked without one !
With
Lmfao na jk I wish, those days are over for me
Yo Vaughnage!
Hey bro it's Nate from Pitt Katz.
This is my screen printing/clothing company.
Follow us plz on Twitter and Fbook
Is that Dillon on the right?
So what exactly is figgy pudding?
I'll stick with eggnog  brandy, thanks.
I wish they'd show replays of these awful foul calls so I could get even more fired up.
Cod Cakes aka Coddies will keep you alive if necessary.
I used to be like too but if you can't trust any1 then you have a bad circle of friends.
Hey my cell is back on so sorry i could get back in touch with you asap wont happen again but i called i take it ya busy lol
liber2011 cites Yale University's ODAI, at same organizational level as campus IT.
Tonight we are youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunggggggggg
The only math I know is One Direction plus me  love.
GUESS I WILL JUST RECORD A NEW SONG SINCE I'M STUCK IN THE LAB...MAKETHEMOSTOUTOF IT
Soldiers who were exposed to those things the most are the ones showing the most symptoms
so on it!
Thanks for the shout out!
Definitely a fun show worth the tickets!
I've seen on Broadway and at the Fox.
Even my husband liked the show.
I am extreme of my love for God, it is amazing the things he has shown me in life.
We still have tshirts left, so if you give I will personally send a note to our office staff to prioritize yours!
OMG!!!
that Gibson dunk was sick!!!!
Da Bulls came to play...
I think I got hooked on my home page is him rt every single one.
Lol.
After I read them all already 
: Alec Bladwin stalker ordered to stay away dont laws need to be tougher?
Ths ppl dont undoctortnd boundaries
I didn't realize you liked GaTech so much.
I know what to get you for Xmas now!
No way..
Not me.
I've already been out too long!
I'm burning up!
:P
We have not been contacted further about the FDA or FTC issue.
Therefore we are still selling until we hear otherwise.
A retweet by ?
I wonder if something will happen if I toss sarcasm behind a hashtag.
...
...
...
Stay strong doctorse luv U  it's time 2 focus on getting better!
No need 2 worry bout nothing else.
Keep ur faith god is going 2 C u through!
This song is as dirty as wet the bed Lmfao
just catching up after a trip to FLA 
We 11 Deep.
Long Army, Strong Armors Backinn.
MSDT followers, check us out this evening on Gowalla!
RT ...of city leaders as they ask them to trust on Prop.
D
Ok, how about gaybashing, teen suicides, and exporting homophobia to Africa?
you should listen to and tweet me yup
I'm not sure...
watching Camp Rock on Netflix!
there are times I'm glad I'm alone...
when I'm crying, when I'm angry...
and especially when i run into doors and walls like i just did...
Ppl are irritating me today ...
Huntsman has doctorpped out of the race, but apparently future Mormon presidents can swear him into office after he dies...
Someone come get these cupcakes!!!
Strawberry/Cream Cheese icing...
Imma toss them if I don't get any takers!
Thanks for the mention, Peter!
Happy Monday :
GOOD TIMES ANY TIME YOU NEED ME BABY GOOD TIMES ANY TIME YOU NEED A FRIEND
You mean the whole church thing?Considering we seem to live in a theocracy, it's understandable.
so true..
be strong..
you know what conquers all!!!
Team BB got to run the whole race without winning a leg, sort of a win in itself.
Thank you Christopher Shyam Kerson.
Have a great day.
it was ok.
I'm not a fan of the throttlepush on the joystick and the visual effects could be more computery.
Tabatha played Waynes friend and was also a resident on the commune
Watchin a movie.....
If your a true belieber show UR support by following me and Thanks for the support guys teamfollowback TEAMBIEBER;
it's not my fault!
Trust me...I fought for it and got nowhere :
When I was little I thought I was ambidextrous but, in hindsight, I think I just couldn't tell my left from my right
thank babe :
I have that on my coffee table!
Or shall I call it my vodka table?
I hate the 140 characters we get.
flowers for moms and our new spring menu breakfast!!
Also a new cocktail list!
Check out the melon baller!
Watching Courage the Cowardly Dog.
3
are you sure tho?
some1 said they had the flightinfo 4 when they arrive in nyc tom.lots of other people said it too!
: It takes years to become an overnight success average overnight success  10yrs
My Escape Nxt Week  GOn Ride To da triple D.....Have a gud time....
i aint even talked to em...
y u say that...
Hey guys  i'll be spinning this Fri  12.30 come out and dance to my new
Welcome, good luck
Going to sleep goodnight guys school tomorrow ugh well bye bye!!!!!
I wonder if will shave U K in the back of his head?
can advise a barber!
Our Personal lines department specializes in Homeowners, Condominiums, Cooperatives, Automobile and Historic Brownstones.
going ham on twitter 
I'd rather have back before Lower D.
:D Thanks 3
lol ikr.
And she pronally thinks when jb is not the baby daddy he will pay 4 child support
It all of a sudden just got a lot better.
haha I don't really care about you anymore.
can you please follow me back 3 it'll mean alot to me 3
The imaginary friends I had as a kid doctorpped me because their friends thought I didn't exist.
Aaron Machado
I live 20 miles from it.
Friend knows detectives involved.
What a travesty.
God Bless George Zimmerman.
Twice a victim
Moovie recommendation is Jeff Goldblum in Earth Girls Are Easy
Then it's a crappy user experience/useless, ha.
Depends on what devices your audience uses.
Wow!
Someone just donated 50 to support our cause!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you to that anonymous donor!
I just said I don't know ass I'll see
at least it's not too early
990 emails waiting for me at work.
How many were useful or actionable?
10.
RT : Every day in the U.S., we produce enough trash to equal the weight of the Empire State Building.
There's a big difference between real women and most women...
its all about knowing your personal
This weather is just like Irene, but without any of the hype!
anyone have suggestions for a 14 hour overnight layover in lisbon?
U A LIE
And we're done.
Watching Jason's Lyric.
this 1 of my favorite movies they don't make movies like this no mo
you've got...the most unbelievable blue eyes....
very nice!!
Next time we are in nyc we will stop in!!
Microsoft's Windows 7 beta download server is crashing under the load.
They should have used a Linux server.
Congrats!
RT : Its official!
is open to the public starting today!
Burgers anyone?
Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love 3
come to any of the Brake Specialists Plus locations!
We'll take care of you.
hre's a fun 1, wait till 2morrow  i'm going 2 having something funny 2 show...Hoffman's might get yard sale items 2 mine w/, I have a...
I know where that is!
ThatOnePersonWho thinks they know everything
The Santorum Campaign has robocalled me every day this week.
Mittens twice.
girls be crazy
Yes, I hear thunder.
Real thunder this time, lol
this summer  down there 24/7 neverleaving ;p until you tell me to leave that is.
Haha.
I'm good!
Missing you!
takes team lead in goals with 4, 30
Half way to my 200th tweet
Fuck yeah you will.
You could go to Peoria Iowa and still have a fuck ton of sex.
Ha.
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist!
Someday he will notice me and make my day!
FollowMeAustin 33
The females on there bother me.
I do not need to see personal pictures of so and so with their family from hacked Facebooks
Wish you could have joined us!
RT : Jealous of all of you March du Nain Rouge revelers today.
Sounds like an amazing time.
can smell the hushpuppies frying up right now.
i mean must of been his pillow ..
Stupid autocorrect !
;D
Carol, thanks for following!
Sometimes, a little shift in Paradigm can make all the difference when 'breaking in.'  Power Tweet Coming 4:30P PDT 5.12.12 Right Here.
RT When somebody on your team thinks they're Kobe and try fadeaways and miss every single one...
team iPhone bro.
Lol
Follow me maybe?
;
love you!
It's sad how whole families are torn apart by simple things, like a pack of wild dogs.
I wish we'd never met
is really hoping for a year that is filled with new job opportunities.
Spent the year trying to recover from job loss.
Come to cambridge, I will buy you an omelette
So please PLEASE we beg, we pray, Go throw your TV set away, And in its place you can install, A lovely bookshelf on the wall.
Roald Dahl.
TREE INFO don't forget to disenfect your pruning tools with alcohol.
Especially after pruning fungas infected branches from fruit trees.
;o lucky bf!
All our donuts are made with love 3
: great minds think alike!
Woo!
Arsenal is my favorite footbal club!
:
working with devo twitting
I've stood in the way of my own happiness at times..need to see the big picture
Ready to be inspired at annual meeting.
Lots of great work being done in Indy!
Just finished up day 1 of a TexasLyceum meeting.
Coach Stallings was great.
It was like a visit w my father.
Thanks so much!!
RT : I never doubted that you would!
Congrats!
follow me bac
Why do i have so much homework like this is just so pathetic whenissummer?!
Happy birthday christine!!!!!!
People think tonights game was fixed?
Even when the refs blew the Torres hit on Hossa, I didn't think it was fixed, bullshit but not fixed.
Phew!
I really thought I did a bad twitter thang.
Still getting the hang of this world.
rationalization FTW!
Who's excited about tonights playoffs?!
Miami Haters are waiting to see another loss...they will be crucified from this point on!
o ok who's they
I miss my roomies 
how is it???
Hate that I chose to leave town early!!
Seen the Video, we like it alot, you are very talented and I'm proud of you!
Love you man!
It's neat, listening to all the fledglings crabbing at their parents for food.
My feeders are busy!
Every body needs somebody to love.
Hey girl!
Let the shit talkin', cat fightin', and good ol' fashioned sassin' begin!
I love you.3
I love you to mucho!
It feels good to be home.
bachata  salsa, seems like its time 2 brush up on my spanish
wanna be my boyfriend;
haha.
Nice.
I doubt I could made it a whole week.
Might try sometime just to see.
Everyones surprised because I ate...
on to austin tx and gala perf for matt hinsley  great austin gtr.
society: theme is valentine's day: many kinds of love to celebrate!
CASEY!!
Your life is so fab.
NYC needed you!
Wow!
You gave an amazing show.
So realistic: Love you Jenni!
while canceling he invited us over to see the new patio
Need coffee?
First 2 people to visit CM Books  say Where Books Are Bound For Greatness get a 10 Starbucks gift cert.
What?
Did you just get hired by ?
Listening to songs by while doing my homework in study hall !
The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts: and the great art of life is to have as many of them as possible.
Montaigne
Check your inbox for our new Smart Shopper Deals of the Week Email.
It's a snapshot of the very best deals from our favorite retailers!
Yay!
Off to Vegas!!!!

i bestfriend promised i would never do that to you.
RT : St.
Patrick's Day Parade  The 2012 St.
Patrick's Day Parade will take place March 17th in downtown Chicago....
I feel icky.
i love u
At luncheon for prsouthwest to hear talk about how technology has changed the news biz
Ah, Toews already rocking the start of his trademark Abe Lincoln playoff beard.
I love the Salvatore brothers equally, but I have way more Damon friends then I do Stefan ones.
And I've role played Damon several times,
Enjoying the FL fall weather.
what's the fucking globe next your name?
Coburn: Gov't is twice the size of 10 years ago with no Irony or sense of responsibility.
Dude, you voted for everything Bush wanted.
We purchased Quick Fleet Trucking which has 1 semi rolling through the mid west.
We are looking to purchase 5 more trucks next month
If you don't want an argument, don't be dumb enough to start one.
I always win.
More for French chocolate lovers  The Chocolate Library: Aux Anysetiers du Roy, Guy Roux and Michel Cluziel.
YeAh bUt for mE hes so cute whenever he's noT aN actOr :
Follow me everyone and I will follow back no matter what3
Go brewers!
Great day to be at Miller Park.
: I'm bored here at home!!
Lol.
But i'm not supposed to be there till 3 today :/
Santee councilman Rob McNelis says he doesn't want a repeat of the Sonic doctorvethru debacle of 2008 with these new restaurants...
don say tht i am talking to someone already and i really like him
It's preposterous that Pete Postlethwaite was not presented in the posthumous part of the program Oscars Props to him.
I think it's horrible Vinnie Politan of CNN laughing about a possible Casey Anthony movie deal, that child is being murdered all over again!
We were just talking about you!
The words OMG, awesome and masterful were used.
Say No To Bullying
I made a celebrity sex tape; it was in a mid 90s Chevrolet sedan.
Women are never stronger than when they arm themselves with their weaknesses.
Madame Marie du Deffand
It's a fact that The Kaiser can write great books, but my publicist is smothering my style.
If I asked, he'd let me bang his old lady.
iM THERE W/O ASKiNG..DETERMiNED TO BE THE GREATEST YOUNG WOMAN GOD PUT MEH HERE TO BE...
I miss my wife already.
Hey now!
It works to everyone else's advantage.
They get my potatoes for free!
don't get me started on the raccoon book at the end...
thanks mate :
This is how scientific inquiry begins, my friends.
say sweetheart I'm sorry my childish associate needs help but don't worry he don't like you cause your to smart
your welcome : btw you dont need makeup to feel beautiful,your naturally beautiful :
Funny how time flies!
Christmas is almost here!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from www.oklahomahomerepair.com!
lol it's staring at u xD
The Gitanjali is still such a masterpiece...
Whoa twitter on the computer is shit.
my dive buddy just left for rebreather training in San Diego.
Lucky dog.
I might sneak in a dive Sunday.
Paint it black.
Theres a good chance you dont like me.
However, theres even a better chance that I dont even care.
peyton manning.
Can't go off of one game w flynn...
When I'm gone put it in stone he left nothing behind
jason will build a robot suit out of all the technology and it will be powerd by rice.
Waking up and thinking its school, then realising its not, and going back to sleep...
Good morning SanDiego!
We hope you have a great Monday...and who else is ready for this rain to be over?!
Seems like watching yourself eat ice cream you can't taste might make you want ...
Oh.
Got it.
Check this out for VDay The doctorfters:Up on the Roof, Under the Boardwalk.
www.StuartThomasManor.com dinner and dancing.
debating which masters program to apply for...hm??????
do you play HoN or LoL?
Well this time I am going to bed goodnite everyone!
Thnx to all my new followers love ya:D
The exaggeration makes it too unrealistic for me  other Dallasite friends.
Liked the book, like the actors, just not the show.
am i that bad that you have to make me feel worthless?
thank you!!!
That makes today the B team.
Braun, Hart and Lucroy are out.
Legitimately the happiest human
Saw Richard Garriott: Man on a Mission at SXSW Sunday.
Excellent.
Both Richard and Owen Garriott will be at QA at Thursday's screening.
Alright guys we are 5 people away from hitting 300 followers!
Tell your friends to follow us for all things Easycore!
It'll be fun!
u think a panamanian fan would agree with ur very very very biased opinion?
Did you know that in addition to PayPal, we also accept all major credit cards!
Call us if you ever have questions.
8777999822.
Like Anders Osborne's Stoned, doctornk,  Naked, Fear  Loathing is a code to live by.
Stories I could tell...
Midyear tests in APUSH and USHISTORY  GOOD LUCK STUDENTS!
Bye twitter, Im off to write :D
Hide your sons and Hubbies!
: Confirmed cougar sighting near Crandon, Wi
I think WeVideo would make more sense if there was a wikilike checkin/out feature.
and definitely thinking about after spoke so highly about it
surprisingly few.
A statistical anomaly.
: when your mom takes a water bottle of vodka from your room thinking its water and uses it to water her plants...
losinghaha
I Guess We Spokee Too Soon ,
It's 8pm and I am still at work.
Stupid server.
haha me neither!
I've had that song in my head all night and day!
Played it over  over to my bf to convince him its abt chess.
I'm pretty sure that I'm not all that easy to deal with all of the time.
I have to thank all the people that make it look easy.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO!!!!!
Hope you have the best one yet!!!
Lots of luv!!!
xo
Might skip
I find comfort in knowing that Jesus is always thereEven!
When I don't feel his presence.
when's the next gig?
and your devoted followers are all on
after a crazy week, treating myself to an ride home from the office.
People have to quit doing flips on snowmobiles!
I have said this too many times..
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes
great picture gorgeous!
Good for airport delays: La Mariana Sailing Club is a fabulous tiki bar near HNL.
Umbrella doctornks and singalong live music.
it may be cold out there but there is always at least person
I wouldn't doubt it.
It's been on  off all day.
: I heard there was hail in your hood before
I love that in a postapocalyptic world everyonehas spray paint.
Haha lebron James miss both free throws.
Bummed that Firefox 3.6 no longer supports MIMEEdit.
Versions pre2.0.0.12 were more flexible.
can't wait for your review!
I spend a lot of time in MIA and need the advice...
Let's start a petition for more sun in Chicago, and see how many signatures we can get
After it's all said and done.
I hope I'm not left by myself.
I hope I can still hold my head high.
And I hope I can keep on movin forward.
Thanks!
Three down, six more to go!
:
Last high school show ever tomorrow.
will do
Safeway, I really don't think mike's hard anything is a microbrew.
No matter how you label it.
First Wives Club with Goldie Hawn, Diane Keaton, and Bette Midler was the 1 movie this day in 1996.
If Its Worth The Wait, Then Its Love.
Does Jordin Sparks write her songs about my life?
I just listen to 3 of them and this girl knows exactly how i feel...
I want a Google invite!
Anyone got a spare for me?
Get me a job.
And an apartment.
For 700.
style question: When writing about ds106 is it ds106 or DS106?
Our first tweet.
Tringled is a psychological thriller in preproduction.
Look for a dynamic trio of new stars to emerge from this.
I LOVE THAT!
That was such an amazing coincidence!
shutup dats why you a moose
that sounds like a most excellent plan.
shipping unusable shit doesn't count as shipping.
Someone pull the fire alarm..
Don't look back at he closed door.
Your blessing is here right now and before you.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
i'm finished with finals!!!
sophmore year COMPLETE!!
Trying out
Now u know that was bullshit...damn foul that was a charge!
I'm that uncomfortable full 
chibdayparty sweet party at Rockit with Plain White Ts, Chicago Butter Cookies and Billy Dec come by now!
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Spend 25.00 at our Riverwest Hardware Store, and get a FREE bag of grass seed!!!
Easter: triumph of truth and justice  Times of Malta
One of the co owners birthday is tomorrow!
: sweet 16 babbyyy
Finally home and, hey, more overtime.
Sweet.
Don't sit around and wait for success to come to you...
it doesn't know the way.
Brian Austin Whitney
Yay!!!
Halfway done with that paper I was supposed to finish last night...
Andersonville Wine and Spirits.
why?
it's not my fault you didn't want to come over.
and honestly, it broke my heart..
but, i'm okay now.
Just finished painting the baby's room; Pink and Green.
You may have my goat....I am going to get into being free....
stoked that in a a few days I'll be in Denver, CO doctornking beer at
I sing sometimes
I said that to my mom and i got grounded..
Typically I don't need a resume.
If someone hires me it is because they are hiring me.
This is for a grant application though
I love you so much 

i love my classmates.
So proud of each of them 
Done.
Good luck!
aha, I'm cool :D
You can have it your way
Follow she's amazing and follows back!17
That was the best Hulk movie ever made!
is filming, photographing, writing, speaking, editing, learning and animating!
We are at the Lincoln Memorial, ready for this amazing concert!
You guys...
You guys...
I'm in the same building as Thom Yorke.
Just finished our first interview with Jake in Brooklyn.
What a warm welcome!
I like Mark Moses as much as the next person but I wouldn't carry 2 of him around at a Conn.
follows me......
when he gets on a live video chat, comment tons of times and he will follow you, I promise :
I HATE THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT...In order to follow more ppl I need more followers SOMEONE HELP ME GET FOLLOWERS PLEASE?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!
OH: You got an F in Math, an F in Science.
That's higher than mine.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didnt take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
What happened to social and politically conscious artists???
Amtrak just stopped in Aberdeen, Maryland.
Don't feel so out of place wearing my O's hat.
That moment when your telling a story to someone only to look at them and they're gone.
plus threat to life !
Lol!
I Hate Brushing My Teeth And Then Getting Hungry.
Hot Tub Time Machine and BTTF should def be top!
I'm all fulled up.
See you Monday morning !!
where was it that you found the midnight KD's
karate chop your throat...
it'll teach it a lesson :D jk
It's funny watching people try and make a machine work..
.
lmao
Brown and Lewis' faces.
Happy Opening Day!
QoTD: The most dangerous lies are the lies you tell yourself.
chicken pot pie...
They already sell tequila and the professort margin on that is way better than it could ever be on rice water.
I vote for Rachael Crow
Follow me please.
3
I aint fucking with beef no more man fuck that shit chicken chicken chicken.
who in Portland buys used books, besides Powell's?
And does anyone still buy used movies and CDs?
If it aint another pimp in the country, it's gon' be some muthafuckin hoes hoin' Gorgeous doctor
Still thinking up our surprise.
All I know is that it'll be the greatest thing in the world!
Check out she is the next big star on the worlds radar!!!
Today, 3:30pm, FergH 225: Graduate Student Musicology Panel.
See these three conference papers here first!
I need to interview a shy person and an introvert.
Is it uncool to ask for a retweet??
Help out a writer, why don't cha'?
any recommendations for some good eats in the Columbus, Ohio area...that I can wear jeans  tshirt to?
Wow Chara is looking rough!
Mind buzzing w/all things screen printing and it's way too late in the night.
Would love that, thx
4 of the 5 pieces from the Chicago region nominated for the SAW American Voices Award were Polyphony editors!
as bad considering he is typically below Kane in points....So 6M is too much for Toews...right?
if J Charles misses games who is best option?
T Jones or McCluster?
When I'd go for groceries with my son during the day, how many times was I asked if I was paying with WIC?!
OO
cut or uncut?
RT : I sucked Mickey Mouse's dick for a year.
it IS pretty sweet!!
aim high  purl?
Did you know that accounts receivable factoring has been around for thousands of years and is a billiondollar industry?
how are you feeling after the accident?
Sometimes there is a delay in feeling bumps and bruises..hope all is well ;
When eating mashed potatoes...add a spoonful of cottage cheese to the center instead of gravy and a little cranberry sauce on top....yummy!

new music coming this week from !!
It's about time for the Steelers to execute a massive attack on the Jets and settle the score!
Here we go Steelers, here we go!
Form habits wearing safety glasses or goggles to protect against eye injuries that can occur during sports, certain work or other activities
doctoram: on a date with V at a pizza sports bar doing my best to find a bathroom while floating via helium balloon.
On the menu?
waffle pizza
OMW 2 Ontario Airport.
2 day my daughter departs.
See U n a couple of months Princess.
No, we have worked with real explosives on the farm.
I can teach them a thing or two about blowing shit up.
;
you actually going to stay to watch me potentially win this time huh?
alright bet!
No schoo woo!
But feel like shit :/
All the babies in their Easter outfits outside playing!
:
Alright.
Gotta take a break from the VMAs for my RHONJ fix....
ill follow anyone just tell me to
I appreciate your input/feedback.
I like it too.
:
We're also going to be at the Archives Fair at VCU on 10/28.
Learn what archives from all over VA have to offer  how they can help you!
Tip of the day: an apple a day makes seven apples a week.
The cat's out of the bag!
:
I'm kind of loving the Twitter convo between and See you both on Monday at ?
West Ham win 21 over Blackpool!
Being promoted to the EPL equals 89 million, more than the winner of Champions League winner today.
Do I want to know what you're talking about?
I love that Sally doctorper is trending, but hate that I can't find out why until gets home.
MadMen cc:
I loved it, it was amazing, but then I represent one of the girls in it ;
thanks a lot we all appreciate the feedback :
MTV shoud ditch the reality shows and bring back TRL.
you should look at Shaqs career earnings.
20 million for his year in Cleveland
I'm just glad that you're ok.
All plans come with a 60day free trial.
So while not a free plan, a solid amount of time to try SG and our products
Most of the good thingz we enjoy today were discovered accidentally
You're just not measuring up
maybe one day you will.
keep hoping
The protests are more about the attack on rights to organize than contributions to retirement benefits.
I am hiding out!
I wish my daughter was here  times like this so, I want have to think abt what im going through  ma needs n wants
Thanks!
I'll see how it holds up again Kate/KDevelop.
my next project will be automatically posting them to a Tumblr :
Start stocking up on contraceptives ladies.
If Santorum wins the White House, you're definitely gettin' fucked.
thanks alot for the reply guys no big deal....
I believe it was from the show that Justin bieber came and did a surprise performance?
But I'm not totally sure.
A few days ago.
Getting an Altima is always a cause for a celebration!
Congrats.
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE 3
Eric the shithead boob extra blocked me!
...forgery, gross cheat, incest, kidnapping, malicious burning, bribery, sodomy, treason, murder,  subornation of perjury or malfeasance.
ok cool, you boys set that up and tell me when to be there lol
I like ones u can fix up..
like a car....
Lol
5 hr.
Dames rehearsal complete!!
On way to see NMTC peeps in Texas Chainsaw Musical in Fringe Fest!!!
Will so.
Thanks.
Thanks Jim.
It was another great camp, wish you could make it.
My team didn't doctorft a catcher, so I transformed into one.
Follow me??
Enjoyed reviewing our findings of a discovery session today  the client was delighted and we are going to get a chance to work together.
you're tellin me!!
We aren't ever gonna have to know that stuff
ADDICTION AND AUTONOMY: CAN ADDICTED PEOPLE   One ...
How do you like Erik and Graham?
Hope you are enjoying the course!!
Up at 6:30am on the Saturday after I've turned in my thesis; only for !
There are probably some very inexpensive items at the Colts team store right about now.
Woah.
And the Padoctors game ends as the Seau memorial starts.
Anybody tryna two tone they iPhone hmu..
no rice?!!
Omg!
Lol
me too!
He's my rock!!
No problem.
It needed to be said.
Nothing like being at home on a Sunday, just relaxing, watching tv and being with the only person I care to be with in the world !!
Now that everyone's left for awhile I'm feeling relaxed.
We get our Mighty Mouse back tonight!!
Welcome back Brendan, we have missed you!!
Dick Clark RIP
Lmao!..why my sis just bless me wit Holy Water?!
Oh my God!
ESPN is reporting that Squeaky Fromme just signed with the Redskins!
Dark Shadows RT : MIGHT have time for a movie today.
The Avengers or Dark Shadows?
Addendum: there shall be slow, awkward tweeting from
Another bad day with my bullies
twitter cracks me up bunting Getz or dyson makes some sense bunting butler or hos not so much.
Don't act like they r same
Courage doesn't always roar.
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, I will try again tomorrow MA Radmacher
I will organize my information and email you all soon!
Thanks!!
Doing well.
Trying to get back in the writing mode...
unsuccessfully.
What's new with you?
Wth?
James Cameron's already planning two more Avatars..I havent even seen the first one!
Damn you and your oscar!
I need to get off twitter.
Goodnight 
Hey  if I wanted to see all the crap about politics and the Oscars I'd follow those accounts.
Stop retweeting every CNN thing, jerk
Unfollow this page now it got hacked follow my new one
UPEI's first learning community is shaping up nicely.
Excellent technical support today from Thanks!
/ Right on!
Meaningful engagement of targets is the fastest way to a good
thanks for the shout, great german food roots style.
See you soon.
You make my heart sink like the Titanic!
.......too soon?
awesome reach out to he has taken over year of the tshirt for the first 120 days.
We would love to feature yoy
quietly listening to viennateng on my work computer.
Looking forward to going to see her tonight!
I'll be there!
I think about what I have what some ppl don't have and I know I am blessed!!

My first Navy Homecoming for the ussenterprise !
Can't wait to see my honey in a couple hours :
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Too many OH conversations to tweet before this movie starts.
Historically: book and magazine editing and indexing.
Growing edge: online content, esp.
blog writing, editing, managing.
Boyfriend just gave me his credit card
ripmca u have been like a broski to us in the hip hop game.
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
Get your copy of Heaven today on itunes or CD Baby!
Track me down and say hello!
of course.
I always find the perfect person for the job.
Whoever it may be.
Too bad avedon is gone...
Lets Go Hogs Beat Ole Miss and go Hard For Christ!!!
does Chuck fall in that category?
in my Eboni voice use wat u got to get wat u want Lmao
Maybe that phone call was important
Patriot Gun Safe Company is having a huge sale on scratched  dented gun safes.
Its a great way to save yourself a few hundoctord bucks
too sad too notice me getting pale lol...
Kelly 333 I Miss You!
You know what?
I really just don't care.
What is with this umpire?!
I can't listen to his Native American strike calls anymore.
I love a good rose.
Allso looking forward to some good summer whites!
Is way mo bishes nd hoes out der den REAL WOMEN..!!!!!!is.dis.why.ima.MAC.?????ma.self.conscious.talkinR E T W E E T
LaRC representatives recently spoke to meetings of the Ruth McEnery Stuart Clan and the Jefferson Genealogical Society.
Finally converted to iPhone and couldn't be happier!
.
McCann...so many retarded people in one building.
Cracks me up.
Still, it's good to have a contact there.
s/o to myself for all these retweets and followers I'm getting
how's that wind treating you?
Watching you leave, the tears on your sleeve.
Notice that mine aren't exactly doctor.
Hows the surprise planning going
I guess the feeling isn't there , checking you out !
Jason we talked a while ago u dont remember i live in sb
RITE NOW IM DOING DEALS...
STUDIOFLOW....
100 A VERSE...GET AT ME FOR A FEATURE...
Business is like riding a bicycle.
Either you keep moving or you fall down.
yes  ALA has bought out DCC wifi  so free except exhibit hall
Just received a text: Let's move to New York, it's now legal to view child porn online!
hotels, lounges, salons, real estate, rehab homes, have many future opportunities if your interested investing!
You up now but you'll get yours some how, some day, in some way, shape, or form.
Revenge is coming, no way to escape the storm.
Life is about preparation meeting opportunity.
There is no such thing as luck.
Jillian Michaels
Little things really are big things: Getting to take just my wife to dinner, the kids playing nicely a sleeping dog, not having to grade...
Looking at prom doctorsses I'm going back and forth from short to long doctorsses...
decisions it's so hard to choose.
...
You're a fucking idiot...
he's raised far more money compared to the Republicans.
We create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes  Celebs.
Would love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM if U R interested.
Ah, March!
Warm weather, sun, birds chirping, dunks, the 'Whoosh' sound as a midmajor knocks off a 3 seed.
Love the madness .
Kerry Wood can't throw strikes any more.
It's kind of a problem.
Thanks so much!!
HAHA.
Good morning!
How are you?
May I eat for two for you today?
;
i will try to make it
its 2012...thought things would be different...everything still the same stillgettingmoney...
oh yea n my babymama look good!
Steve Kerr just stated that Kobe is a better doctorbbler and shooter than Jordan.
Been saying it for years
This time I read it and felt venerable and interesting
Again as I have said before keep your eyes on the dot.
Should have short trades out since Wed rally as I advised my clients.
I fooled around n fell in love
RT highered success  its connection to prosperity may be the most important economic growth issue of our time.
Cambridge Semantics Wins Best in Show at 2012 BioIT World Conference  San Francisco Chronicle
I thank the Lord daily
If gmail's not working, does that I can go outside and play?
See you tonight  Mardi Gras Parade at West 18th Street  meet us at YJ's Snack Bar at 7pm and we'll eventually make our way to 18th/Vine.
followed.
Follow back?
Shared accountability.
Harder than what it seems, but crucial for professorssional relationships to work.
Manchester won the league!
Vincent Tinto from Syracuse U: the key to an early warning system for students is that it is EARLY.
aascu academic affairs meeting
are you sorry, Kels?
Really?
It's hard to be uniquely you when you are watching so closely what everyone else is doing.
Congrats Awesome win at one of the best NASCAR tracks.
lol: how did you find me?
Haha
Turbokick tonight at 7pm at the spa dance studio in newark.
instructed by yours truly : come on out!
Octavia your making me cry!!
followed still dont got any new followers...
lies
Getting doctornk isn't gonna solve anything.
I THINK IT'S JUST RIGHT!
What is San Diego known for?
The weather probably, right?
What if it was known for love and people who selflessly serve others?
Sometimes saying NOTHING is powerful than speaking
Flushing my ARP cache.
Ladies.
That random moment when you see something you did not need to see an your like  haha
I think it should say good luck in mexico with DD
My patience is so thin lately.
My temper has recently been out of control.
I got a lot of growing to do...I'm bout to call it a day...
Stream looks amazing
Bruno Marslong distance
we are SO looking forward to blowing the roof off that place.
Martin Milner, formerly of the D.C.
office of Mayer Brown, has joined McDermott Will as a partner.
catching up on my favorite show as of right now
raises hand oh man do I!
RT Random lunch break thought: Remember when everyone had a SideKick phone?
the things you see
Oh well!
Look us up when you're back in town.
How do you define a fan?
I always wondered that

FarmAid Even though I am just a Pug, even I know the answer to that..YES!!!
please follow one of your biggest fans ever
Im so excited abt the education  tech wrk that  I are doing!
So excited that we got apprvl 2 move 4wrd w/the grant we're wrking on!
Become our fan on Facebook!
www.Facebook.com/SilverProductionsMV
Got School Tomorrow Damn.M.P.
The person who writes Feel Like a Woman is gonna get paid
fukk it this lets do it again pt.
2 is on repeat for today bordoctoramers BITCH
I need more followers hehe
Omfg and I can't wait for the Super Happy Fun Land puppets!!!!
8:D
You can now purchase Humility Wave 1 by our humble editor, , at The Beat Museum in SF!
2.
Will be on EWP site soon!
Yo this chick thinks i care na she racheted.I just want my damn hat!
With her stink ass!
got a show tonight in downtown : you should come out
During the WarOf1812,the British had burned down the White Housewere set on taking the PortOf Baltimore,which was protected by Fort McHenry
ill shout u out.lol
I admire comprehensive focus scope of those who can hang but it's field too far for my cost/benefit on Personal Nat'l Happiness.
the joke is that its blacked out on versus but they are playing the knicks on both msg and tnt
at the end of Q1, Jam up 2821....
Brian Butch with a game high 9 points
if by best you mean best at racial slurs toward opposing teams, pouring doctornks on opposing fans, etc.
then yes
Oh and if anyone wants to play me on Scramble with Friends, my username is: Lyrensiren
Thanks for the follow guys.
Digging the music!
that doesn't matter movies,club 
Asking Dor if he owns an Otis Redding album and him replying with, I actually just bought one today.
Cute or creepy?
lol shut up
: Thank you to all the agencies who participated!
aiganc thx u all for spreading the word about Raleigh design community!
Thanks for the follow!
We'd love to tell you more about how we blend a lot of your passion 
please follow me on instagram my username is iluvyanojoke.
Thank u!
Congrats for the Outstanding New Member Education Award at !
That new lifetime logo is annoying me lol
I should come up one weekend!!!
Rickey Lee Watson, now on ITUNES DOWNLOADS ,Hit SIngle What I Love About America,Time for Change Cd, no 10 Independent Music Network charts
Chicago is super ghetto!
Can't wait to move...
Also really looking forward to hearing sets from , , and tonight!
U amazing could u follow me
SuperiorSwag All Day
Hey, how did your first program go?!
Follow us!
We are here to help.
lol there is nothing better then watching my baby best up my sister go jay go jay go
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
Everytime I post an ad on Craigslist and put Se Habla Espanol in the ad, some asshat flags it.
This is all that is wrong with America.
i seen my old best friend from 1st 2nd andd 3rd grade today at school!!
: :0
Atypical for a Sunday leaving audition for part in Men in Black 3 en route to studio again.
Yeah, I go to Amazon cuz of the huge collection and prices.
Love being able to sample, and then buy single tracks or entire CDs.
you need a cigarette hanging out of yo mouth for a professorle pic like that.
Hit tha snooze a couple times fuk it im up!!
your just a hater
Not all knowledge is digitalised in the form you need it.
the one ominipresent helps yo have an idea of what is in the field
why be embarrassed?
It will only improve the scope of your search :
Hold On!
Shaking I'm so pissssssssssed!
Is kellin Quinn really engaged and having a baby !????
my entire right forearm this morning, actually.
Where do you train in DC?
I'm there for a couple weeks coming up.
Me: I saw you dancing.
You've got incredible rhythm for a deaf guy.
Him: I'm not deaf!
Me: I know.
Cheesy songs on a rainy afternoon.
Makes me fall asleep.
thought I would check one out ;
Sure, if I'm not doing anything:

Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year to you!
sounds really nice from their homepage.
how does it work for ppl with health insurance from work?
is the best wine Ive had all day  the people here are even more amazing!
Cheryl especially; thank u!!
u said the value is in the 'service' and noted preservation re spec colls question, but its re: the research2
Playin water balloon volleyball first bell :
haha like you won it?
Why make models more humane?
Just statistical likelihood isn't enough,  easier for humans to find mistakes.
RT : RT : People try to rain on your parade because they have no parade of their own.
Jeffrey Gitomer
Yeah!
Doggie Fashion show!
Tix 35 w/proceeds going 2 the shelters!
Dogs Rule!!
Great day.
lucky and blessed.
Hard honest work does pay off.
Managerial class requiring me to take a test to see if I'm entrepreneurial.
I think if so, I would screw test and go make  instead!
Irony.
most likely but I doubt I will since I wanna transfer to PCC :x
If you want to look young and thin, hang around old fat people.
Jim Eason
OFF TO SEE DAVID GUETTA!!
GONNA TAKE SOME VIDZ OF THE MADNESS...
DISGRACE SIXERS BLEW THIS GAME AND PHILLY SPORTS HEARTBREAK CONTINUES
Good luck  have great games to  in the City/County AllStar Game.
Last game as a Titan.
Recruiting for a Records Management Analyst in Philadelphia!
Contact me for details!
Thanks, Keith!!
We're fans as well.
: 
yay hope u had a great day!
Treat every person with whom you come in contact with as the most important person in the world
Why didn't LOL release in Miami or Ft.
Lauderdale FL?
D:
thingsiregret ...
well the one bitch
Why do people insist on talking about American Idol?
It's almost as bad as those assholes who ask if you watch Survivor.
Malcolm X Nobody can give you freedom.
Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything.
If youre a man you take it.
Announcing some exciting news tomorrow!!
IWishTheyWouldBringBack hanging  baskets, they look especially nice this time of year, I could get Gerard Depardieu to water them for me!
I love listening to you guys on
its your birthday, whatever YOU want to do.
I will be in Irwin until 615ish then ill meet you there I guess
RT : s/o to , hope you get everything done today.
You can do it exhubby!
;P
It is SO cold in Knoxville 
While others get the time.
The streets aren't for everybody so if it isnt for you, don't waste your time getting jammed up or killed.
hahahaha wasn't it?..such a pain to get out of there..
come upstairs when you get back!!
Can we make a national entrepreneurship day?
RT : 2/23 is now entrepreneurship day in MA.
just make sure captainan Jack stays far away from the team.
You never know what tomorrow brings , so you shouldnt worry about it , live for now , not the future 3.
We should start a movement to stop it with these jokes.
That'd be the final solution.
lol i came over!
and yeah i better be at least a sis if not more!
I tweeted that on Monday, when you are closed.
But liking my britches to fit is a problem if I eat there too often.
:
Yeah, the kit combo is pretty bad, mainly bc of our shorts.
The matching issue should have been MTL's problem not our's.
Great presentation today!
I loved your annecdotal brand advocate story with
Q5 Why not teach them what words mean?
The circulating books are on the 2nd floor; you can check those out.
Only 5 letters separate ordinary from extraordinary.
Go the extra 5 letters.
I didn't wanna step in front their swagger!
thewisewordsof Bailee Storms
ouch.
getting spicy chicken wing marinade in the cut on your finger is nature's way of telling you wait until dinner you fatass
Signing off...time to put my slightly ill self to bed.
My laptop is violent.
It just hit me in the face.
Now I have a fat lip...
I got 2,548,980 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run.
:DD
I love my therapist 3
Who has my back?
11 more LIKES to 200 in order to lose the wager HAVE 4 hours to go!
FF: My new Twitter page dedicated to employment law matters affecting New Mexico.
Jenny Rice: pop songs are like boxed wine: designed to be enjoyed right away without thinking too hard about it.
Giving control rather than taking control is the triumph of deliberate intent over impulsive reaction.
We're open and you're on Spring Break.
There's only one thing left to do...Come over!
My kitty is sick from the pound.
I feel so bad, I hope she is better in the morning.
I just feel sad for her.
Barrett/Mitchell for Governor!
A1: Start with your goals...
if u look  your existing site  if it is not up 2 the same standards as other sites in ur industry u need help
Some random girl took a picture of me Swaggin into school cool??
It's all beauty and brawn as fitness competitor Laura Wright joins us for a fitness photoshoot today.
Stay tuned.
Application deadlines for the LeadershipCoaching and OrganizationalConsulting programs are fast approaching!
Cider and donuts don't forget the rum RT : Q1 What are your favorite fall foods?
I'm an art robot, with no vagina.
Where do you post photos now?
Can I see them?
Yeah, love the older stuff!!!
Presidential historian pleads guilty to document theft, conspiracy for stealing from archives
follow me back?
:
that is my favorite song!
I listen to it every night.
You're so amazing.3
that's the worst grammar i've ever saw too.
Have I mentioned lately, we do weddings and, not to pat myself on the back too hard, we do GREAT weddings!!
:D
Is US today at a transition moment?can it sustain it's positions as a global power?Some think US will lose preeminence
Rainy Monday!
Great day for our yummy homemade soup for lunch!
Online Marketing Strategies Are Failing, Australian Businesses Need To Refocus

Ha!
Agreed!...If I see one more rainbowcolored, motivational,keep calm  post...so help me god...
very nice.
I hear those guys are a handful, be ready.
Cant wait to hear sing at the bottom of the 7th inning should be interesting i wander if lita will join him
Quite well, very busy.
Yourself?
U guise.
When you're boyfriend, says the firearm stuff to you
RT : Sometimes you just gotta take chances
No, that was Brittany Daniel.
She played Mila Rovsnovsky.
I loved that show!
Grand total for incoming cases in 2008 for Michigan: 4,397,286.
Thank you right back beautiful friend!!
: xoxo
My bros are some game Freaks!!!
nah dude !
you're not crazy, i have been there too hah!
Damn...some these girls have huge asses!
actually robert griffin is worse than selfish.
He is a totally overrated player.
ZERO defense in the Big 12.
Happy to be back home after a long day learning lots of cool new stuff.
You were amazing in 'The Day', I saw it at the Sarasota Film Festival.
Great job and thanks for coming!!
Just because you can 'Do it Yourself', doesn't mean you should.
Pete: I wanted to give you good news.
Roger: doctornking good news?
when the guy you like likes your best friend.
FML.
TI's going back to prison for 11 months.
Hopefully, this will be his last time.
I invite people to examine their lives without negativity, knowing that it's scary, but that not doing it is even scarier
No worries...
the idea is 8 am local time in 60 cities around the world, but an occasional primetime special?!
Best nap of my life!
appreciate the follow fam
His body could not handle what was in his mind  Can't get that line out of my head.
would you like to play a game?
As we begin this journey, I'm teaching my actors dialects.
French, German, Chinese, Italian and one of my actors is dialect adept!
Time to get back in Twitter training with dhsi2012 only six weeks away!
Wants a summer job but doesn't know what to do.
fridayreads : finished LIFESPAN OF A FACT this morning absolutely must read this!
Johnny39;s Selected Seeds Uses Experian QAS Software to Enhance Online Data Quality
Codes you are the best!
Thanks man!
Easily one of the nicest guys I know!
:
Oh my I'm in love with the new song you make my heart jump
Damn It Google, Where Are My Magic Andoctorid Lightbulbs?
Absolutely and it was one of my faves.
Even went for their butterscotch pot de creme...amazing!
Think positively  masterfully/with confidence/faith  life becomes more secure/more fraught with action/richer in achievement  experience
How bout team STFU kk?
k.
u too!
So thanks so much !
I'll write more about it in a blog post soon.
Looks like a blast Laura!
Super stoked for you : Working on music stuff as we speak!
Welcome to Atlanta  Home of the 20112012 SuperBowl Champions.
the only person you need to please is yourself!
Does that qualify as lolcat?
doctorG PARTY POT LUCK: Mac 'N Trees produced lots more giggles, far fewer shatin jeans than my Smack 'n Cheese
Canadian Universities pay professor more than US, cost less than US, don't have to cover employee health care.
Coincidence?
No problem, it was a great post!
crap!
You gonna mail me one or what?
Any seal pictures?
When you get older you realize BeingMuslimMeans seeing young Muslims and realizing that these kids blow up fast.
HardoctorckRising is rising to the occasion with AdelaideinAutumn w/ cover medley featuring Ga Ga punk style  crowd goes wild.
Congratulations Hines 1000 catches....Hall of fame bound!!!!
i think i have a pretty good idea c:
good morning!
I sent you an email reply the other day.
You have any thoughts?
Anyone shocked the Ducks didn't go for it on 4th down there?
the chiefs doctorft A guy with the 11th overall pick that wasnt even on his 1st team all conference team, 2nd team conf.
Usa.
Peace Sign Raglan Shirt  Give Peace A Chance Raglan TShirt  Heather Grey/Black
CMchicago made
Twitter is supposed to be a conversation, but no one listens.
It's me, me, me.
Though some of that might just be the context...pull some of the work outta the tent and it'd be easy to really love.
You can say the same about rolls!
can't wait for lunch today!
Which company paid to have CorporateGreed as a Twitter Trend?
Follow me for great workouts, fitness tips, healthy recipes and motivation.
Couldn't agree more.
: Obstacle: we need to slow down to focus on disruption, not just scaling change.
Happy Monday everyone!
What did you all think of last night's Oscars?
Thanksgiving was great in NYC.
Now back to LaLa Land.
All my love to family and friends
Boy, you's a window shopper.
In the jewelry store lookin' at shit you can't buy.
Just finished listening to the compound effect and loved it!
Will def make many changes to my life, has influenced me greatly!
interesting, I never had a Ms Stevens but sounds familiar so id probably recognize her
It's up to you...
A life of ease, of reflection and intellectual challenge...
Or this.
Good Morning World!
LMAO ok ok
Just made my first ever edit in Wikipedia.
Someone had vandalized the Fort Atkinson entry.
So I fixed that and added content.
Fun!
Somehow they always taste better when you are sitting outside at Cafe du Monde.
Every Person that wants to grow, to be apart of the part of life that matters, keep it locked on love it.
thanks....
We hurt people who love us and love people who hurt us.
lol Oh well I don't watch basketball but hey Kobe is a beast i guess lol
we are who we are and we live in our time together but apart...peewaddy.com for all of us separate and united
Come on Lakers!!!
Let's get it going in the 2nd half.
He will get the Bobcats going at some point.
MJ thrives on these moments when people doubt him.
Hah!
I warned you of that, didn't I?
You thought I was exaggerating!
ABQ Police pop 15 people at DWI checkpoint set up Friday night at Broadway and Coal.
Also seized two vehicles.
Back to school today!
New CEO Brizard and WGCI came to Harper to ring in the new school year!
What excitement.
Answering emails from 2:30 AM til 4:00 AM because I can't sleep.
There's some dedication to your clients and company!
Shane.
Having lunch w/ some of the OhSoFabulous models and catching up on today's news.
UPDATE: wrappingup commercial spot today.
So unfortunate.
work sucks...
3rd shift is the worst thing EVER, :/ Grrr
that would be awesome  Free songwriting contest TrackPizza.com
This week is going by slow af...
I hear the argument totally, but Finley had more TD's  yds per carry in 11 than Davis.
Hard coming back from injury
Absolutely!
Thank you for sharing this.
HAPPY EASTER SUNDAY thank the lord for another YEAR WITH THE FAM
ahh sharon, so glad you followed me back!
The Muppets should have won all the awards!
our names look way too similar!
It's a good thing our books are so distinct!
CONOOOO TOO GOOD
Fuck u guys, that hungry hippo tweet is BOMB.
B
Ah jade is been too long
oh my gosh!
the fine older men and the fine younger men together!!
:
There isn't enough time in a day!!!!
Hey!
How are u?
Get cheap price now NFL Buffalo Bills 2 Piece Two Tone Stainless ...
Recorded an excerpt of Slayer's Raining Blood for one of the attack scenes in The Tempest.
1st rehearsal starts on Wed.
Official announcement time: Job ends November 14.
Interested in: Communications, writing, filmmaking, teaching.
Know of anything?
RT : The ultimate reason for setting goals is to entice you to become the person it takes to achieve them.
Jim Rohn
Awkward turtle!!
Haha
Omg  are you not cracking up?!
I was the creepy creeper on the bus who couldn't stop giggling.
Cannot wait for this !
Guess I don't have to anymore.
YOU ARE AMAZING!
I mean....see ya!
Love it!
Glad I'm not the only one ;
I would enjoy the campaign ads.
vote for me, I will bring back Homeworld
club promoters are out going, single mothers are outgoing, the rugrats are outgoing.
SHE is just something else though.
We went up to one of the operators and asked where he was from.
He said that he was from Africa, but I don't know..
dude does your buddy Zach do good work?
It's not to late to try Cheddar Chive Scones  Gravy, prepared fresh by Chef Chris!
yess!
that was me : it was too busy so I went over to St.
Elmo's.
Say hi next time stranger!
you mad bruhh??
tittie city tittie tittie city pep pep pep pepperoni nipples trick lol:P
Late response on my part, but yes I did make that pic.
Glad you liked it
Aight Ms.
we get dis money I'ma bless you in to dis 2K12 ish....I hope you ready because Rose bout to hit 90 lol!
tell me bout it lol inbox me if u want
Headed to Bastille Days
Celtics only have 3 turnovers in the second half, 8 total.
Still shooting 56 too.
Played a full 42 minutes thus far.
So true.
; RT : If it wasn't for the gutter, my mind would be homeless.
you guys made my night last night the best night of my life expecialy when cole hugged me.: : love you
That's hot.
columbus, ohio
that's what I was thinking, luckily it's in our office ;
Is Climate Change Real?
For the Thousandth Time, Yes  KQED
Shy Ronnie 2: Ronnie and Clyde might be my favorite Lonely Island song
mhhmmm?
Wish had some EARPHONES half as decent as those ...
I wonder y he doesn't !!!
you tryna kick it?
Uhggg I have to sit with my old friends....only one of them is a true friend
Do well tonight!!
I love you.
:
My owner did not like my dirty location, sorry boss ; what can I say I'm just a dirty dog with a dirty butt you should clean.
I didnt get nothing bro whats gud doee: I jus hit u up on the books
seriously.....scalbrine has a shirt.
Amazing.
its funny cause everything have been figured out except how to live
Op Free helps empower vets and keep them serving in their lives
U2...45 million albums sold...22 Grammy Awards.
Hey you, just got our call sheet and you are on our production tomorrow!
Meet you then!
supportlocalmusic Live not till 5p with some good random tunage.
Stop by and join the fun.
I came 2 realized certain mistakes  situations in folks lives are no longer a reflection of who they're its a misconception of society
Raises hand
Yo!
It's birthday!
Happy birthday syd!!
Rratedmovies thatsaboutit : have a good one!
Lmao Boozer's kids chanting Let's go Heat
Yep.
It was Emil's idea and a great one.
Hi Thanks for checking in on Foursquare I hope you are enjoying your stay!
look for misreported delinquencies, overreported loan amounts, and underreported credit limits in our credit report
No problem!
Great strategy session.
thanks for the helpful discussion of 's future!
Otherwise known as
Tonight we doing open bar from 9:3010:30 get there early we appreciate you!
Enjoy your Monday night!
Yes sir!!
Thanks!!
Mascot tip 8 Walk around: Many different styles of walking can be used.
Evoke the emotion youre trying to convey in different situations.
stop trolling with your short crackheaded self
Stuck in the middle with you.
have a great day!
I will not stop saying words.
SPAGHETTI WAREHOUSE FOR DINER YEAH GET STOKED!.
had a great night at Howloscream last night.
going back on the 23rd of October, who's up or more scares?
they just started taking over
Whew!
First experience being the interviewer.
It is kinda fun.
G.F.B.
Problems Getting It Tatted On The 27th Of This Month.G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
Wouldn't it be nice if everyone had an estudio and could twitter all night and all day long...
Went to WEC luncheon for a presentation by 's External Affairs  Outreach.
Learned by 2030, San Diego will have 1 million more people!
The sooner you make a mistake and learn to live with it, the better.
Courtney Summers
I'm thirty than a hoe
omg..
unreal
Just wait til we're pushing a hovering Bentley
Mf's be ugly , thinkin they know shit when they don't , worry bout ya own .
If ya wanna know , hes tha shit , at everything ;
Can't believe TA's INSTAGRAM account reached 800 thank you everyone!
Looking forward to class on Saturday, hope you all can make it!
We're located at: 10835 Santa Monica Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90025
Talkin 'bout you don't understand my vision, that kuz you ain't in it yet.
I'm on so many antibiotics I feel like a zombie.
thats AWESOME!!
sounds fun so i hope you have fun!!!
:D
I hate those bad feelings that you get in your stomach and it makes you feel so ugh.
Lets go Brewers!
Bring on beast mode!
hoping to add a vinyl component down the road, but no date set yet.
april 24 is cd and digital.
:
You have to yank Jefferson....Les Miles is a moron if he doesn't!
Heading home from an awesome missions trip in Kingston, Jamaica!
imma start keeping it 100 with females  niggas too so dont get mad when i tell the truth
March 29th, The Hard Rock in Pittsburgh for the Hard Rock Rising Local Finals.
Wish I had my dog in the studio with me.
Guess my coworkers wouldn't appreciate having his beautiful hair on their clothes though.
Just tasted some local AZ Christmas beer from Prescott Brewing Co.
Still a much bigger fan of the Great Lakes Christmas Ale.
Your brand matters.
Your reputation matters.
Cultivate it.
Registration for the Mother's Day Tea Party are full for this Sunday, but there's always next year!
Exercise daily, walk with the lord.
The most beautiful moments are often when I hear your lovely songs :
Imagine tweeting you goodnight and i love you that would be AMAZING but that will never happen:
Sending referrals to other business owners
I'm ready to be able to sleep an entire night again...
Family members losing their brain  I mean cellphone Can one function without ?!?
whattodo?
Spring break is over.
Now back to work with survey writing and lecture writing and paper writing.
I do an awful lot of writing.
: meh.
My ex is on the dirty...
oO
Is it pathetic that it is easier to find help on configuring MS Online services using Google search instead of MS Online configuration page?
Me and my friend Britt met two decent guys in our state on chatroulette that's uncommon.
They're awesome :
Listen more, talk less.
wow!
That sounds like an amazing class.
i must have missed it.
Maybs if we had listened to B.O.B you wouldn't have gotten pulled over!
wad up dawg!?!.we missed you!
cc
I don't think anyone would be surprised that 4letter words play a key roll in my husband's software development process.
cc://
don't worry your dying chicken voice gave me chills :
bring it dashiki
I chose the mild one, Eric Kehe chose the hot burrito.
I think he is secretly regretting it.
I'll be doing this more often3 don't worry!
Today was cool got to see some awesome stuff on the way back from the lake.
Olive already sleeps all day and prowls at night.
She'd be perfect for the job.
ALSO, she has a hipster tiger style going on
Riding a Jazzy down the sidewalk in Vegas anytime when the sun's out is not what you wanna be doing
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
We have tanning!!
You know you want to come in TODAY!
: svedka now.
Sounds like we crushed your doctorams there!
how bout I call now ur phone, at 5pm ;
There's a line doctorwn in the sand, I'm working up the will to cross it and I hope that I will never let you down
Its been a long time since I've had a home cooked meal
summer vacation starts in 2 weeks!!!!
hi I love u can u follow me please
I am still doing spring cleaning.
I am not answering phones or emails till I am done.
Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
FREE Chocolate Chunk Cookies at the Avon ChickfilA from 11am1pm
If I don't walk out now I'll  her!
Also, we didn't get to turn our butterflies loose today, so I had to feed them again.
I don't want to be responsible for dead butterflies!
um no
They also don't like the words toilet paper, I learned the other day.
I don't think misterrite exists for me 
stop bein nosey then go watch real tv 
newtrad very excited for and Christina Murphy too!
Me too!
: Where I'd like to be today: RT : Jane Austen portrait  Bodleian Library for World Book Day
What an amazing performance!
changed it to kind of like but without the last name.
.
.
in case i dont end up changing my last name
RT : You have too much good sht going for you to let that bad sht bring you down.
I have to sit down  check myself and my emotions sometimes to keep from checkin these fake mfs
It's a damn good think I like my exercise and love this weather; otherwise I'd be pissed about parking so far away!
Everyday i learn something new.
I that helps keep me humble.
hey you guys are pretty.
I like the music too.
And prisons.
: But seriously, sometimes on opening nights of big productions, too.
So Richmond, what are your plans for tomorrow?
Going to of the RVA Fireworks on the James?
zero!
I live here!
:
What are the chances of some blackberry Cabernet Ssuvignon jam or cherry Pinot Noir or plum Merlot jam?
Weird craving for it :
that sucks lol
but really, let's ketchup, are u staying in btown this summer?
Are you in?
Women's Yellow Pages, 2012 edition now accepting reservations for next year's book, affordable prices, payment plans
Do YOU even know her?
No?
Then why are you tweeting her attacking her?
Not only are you stupid, you're a hypocrite.
Cute.
Happy 53rd Birthday....
Michael J.
Jackson
Allergies  Asthma  Death 
I believe in reincarnation but I dislike to forget our past, ones we come back!...
Hell Yeahh I Was Up This Morning Cuttin Ma MF Internet Back Onn Fuckk She Thought This Was.
?
We are incredibly thankful to know men in the ministry like !
His life is such an example of Jesus and faith.
me too!
john fetterman is doing amazing things in braddock.
thanks john for making important changes!
Ugh.
Wrote about two hundoctord words with code examples for an HN blog post and it vanished when the browser crashed.
It hurts me.
Excellent!
I'm in the 14th  Tremont office.
Would love to meet up with you exhibition aside.
Should people  especially kids  wear helmets during severe weather when a tornado's in the area?
New reccomendations on KSTPTV at 10.
sure thing, lovely :
Faith Is Not Believing That God Can, It's Knowing That Go Will
RIPMCA  you were a big inspiration.
Who do you have?
me deffinately lol can you come to florida again?
: There's a tub of hummus that's been in my fridge so long that it just tried to sell me a rug.
Terrible, but funny.
Sounds dangerous!
RT : Playing doctornking game to the hipster playlist doctornking when we hear exclusive
at apple.
they need to figure out what's wrong with this MacBook.
On that bad meets evil flow
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com......
Ohh!
Sorry, im kinda slow.; and fun.:
I don't but that would be cool!
Nothing like curling up beside the fire...
Of an HDTV.
Let's just watch The Walking Dead
RT : Breaking News: Your favorite nightlife group has been updated to ...Please spread the word!
well ii do have a life
GREAT job with the OMM video :
Going to chinatown/little italy.....afraid of gettin mugged....oh jesus help us Devin.Anne3
And I'm lots of kings and gods and stuff!............my name is Kevin
we won't then!
Love you too!
Im So Caught Up!
..In my own style!
..Dat ion see u females or niggaz datz in da crowd!
anytime!!
Ur welcome have a great day
The Truth is I Truly Love end of story she makes me Smile : every day when I see her : :
WIN.OUT.
DO.IT.
Why am I still getting 's twitter notifications sent to my phone.
This is very true, and I am a guy
birds have opened our gutters and made a nest.
It is right above our bedoctorom and we hear them all day  night.
i'm good baby and you ?
33
great stuff  affordable prices  great customer service  ESELL Auctions
tomorrow morning sometime.
At a cinco de mayo cookout...piñata is full of beef jerkey, mini bottles of hard liquor and a few things of candy...hysterical :
Don't hate Travis for swinging at the 1st pitch, hate him for not crushing a meatball.
that sucks
Stability has REALLY left the building!!
Jim is shooting a Usher music video this weekend, without me, I swear he never takes me on the fun shoots.
congrats!
:D
RT if you have a strong feeling your ex's family refers.to you as he who must not be named
champagne of beers!
Please: Don't respond to rhetorical ?'s, laugh at your own jokes, make random outbursts, speak the obvious, or try to be cool in class.
kthx
Just finished up a song..
Was trying to sing..
Hmm, never know, if I didn't get it, I'll find someone to kill it.
it's radio, just sound like you doctorssed up and you'll be fine.
usually not bad at all.
availability is prob a greater concern, and I've never had to wait 15min anyway
Good advice: : Have wallet and keys already in safe closet.
Joplin tornado neverforget
I wish there was someplace I could take that biz card  say See, I'm supposed to be a Wizard.
its cos you didnt follow me.
Happy Weekend Columbus!
Who ran the Cap City Half!?
Im gonna scream so loud i swear ..
I am going through Nick Jr.
withdoctorwal.
Walks home hey, Sadie?
GM hey man!
Tell your mom
Figure out what you want and learn how to ask for it.
Those are both really hard.
i'm tired, and you?
:D3
Dilute dog shampoo.
One cap full or a small squirt of shampoo in a cup of water.
Mix well before applying to your petrinse well when done.
Check out the new look of www.jetoure.com.
Tell me what you think!
And a howdy!
to nerdland and the uppers who moved over to the new list, too.
Its getting late but i don't mind.
Glad you like!
Thanks for the RT!
when am I ever mean to you
lucky them !!
influential as in you can single handedly influence the price per gallon of gravy.
EVEN HEROS HAVE THE RIGHT TO doctorAM..
I support DES Daughter Caitlin McCarthy's nomination for a 2012 Presidential
: This time tomorrow I will be on my way to Green Bay!!!!!
: Jealous..
Should be awesome!!!
that it does!
Lol
Everyone else on the Clippers besides CP3 and Blake needs to step up if LA is winning this.
how do you misuse literally?
its a lucky day
good thats the one i got.
bring on the nasty
Going to bed all smiles
welcom back: wb: wanna bang?
thank you: ty: tonight?
yes.
no problem: np: no protection.
hehe
Ask away.
It's part of your JOB.
;
Let the craziness begin!
Pass the gloves!!!!
Welcome new literary friends
I'll ask you this if JoeMauer get 823M then what is Prince worth the same/more/less?
they DO have 2yrs to figure this out?
thoughts on Urban Meyer as a broadcaster??
sounds delicious.
Only if Edthel is involved, See you this weekend?
One must ALWAYS go in on a turkey sandwich
It's time for some laughs.
www.freekshowradio.com
Fear is excitement in need of an attitude adjustment!!
OH NO!
Nothing is worse than a headache resulting from a whiff of halitosis...NOTHING!
I'd kill myself but that's been done.
Instead I'll bitch about my life.
betudontguess who the new TPE pro is.
This lady asked me for a size for thays guy shoe she was looking at, and I said I don't work here.
.
And we are now back online!
Thank you for your patience!
I'm happy for you!
Hey, Stella!
Did you have a chance to read about ?
I can resend the information if you need it again!
Thanks!
:
My mom's having a full on dither spaz on the freak out scale.
Thanks for the follow Carlos!
...but the Hot Topic dude actually did, because we couldn't meet you!
I cried my eyes out!
Do you remember them?
Almost out of Kentucky!!
I'm finding lately that meta amuses me.
I give presentations about giving presentations and write about writing.
I bawled its so sad.
a welcoming committee and 24 hours to get rebooked to London on hopefully a nonexplosive flight.
Listen for performing live in the big room at noon!
Tune in locally at 102.5FM!!!
Trust me, it's just a little lie.
Ha!
Overweight, antigay, unmarried.
I mean its the most stuck record in the world.
i know your from Dallas!!
that is so so so cool!
like really cool!
: thank you for the DM to!!
i screamed :o
I would die inside if followed me and rt this!
Friends of the Twitterverse, who are the top 10 entertainment agents in LA?
I'm looking for my next clients.
Free sessions 4 referrals!
SMITHTOWN, NY TONIGHT  The MASONIC TEMPLE.
34 River Road.
Be there!
I'm excited to see the Whitney tribute Sunday
La Blah Blah....Weber Grill enthusiasts who can't make up their minds.
Franklin St.
Gym October 22nd , , and Dave Macedo will be speaking in what will be a great day of basketball.
Give the ball to Rice!!!
Let's Go!!!
hehe that's a good one 
Courage is being scared to death  but saddling up anyway.
John Wayne
I dunno, but I'd keep some lube handy, just in case.
RT : Can anyone tell me what animal style is at in and out burger?
I think we should put Jennifer Urban and Lydia Loren in charge ;
Nicest day in Seattle by far.
Leaving Urbanspoon early to take the kiddos to the park .
.
.
We hope it's with us!
im heartbroken has a girlfriend/3
MT : My grandmother did a good job directing the Lionel Richie/Shania Twain duet video they're showing on this PLANE.
I got a call the other night...
She said, I read your book.
It was enlightening.
I'll never have another one night stand again.
when people take his cookies
GOOD MORNING;; I'm going out for a lovely breakfast with my wittle brother, and 3 of my Older Brothers!
This shall be fun!
: 3
SINged.
Supernatural meets a government conspiracy head on.
Movie goes into preproduction Spring 2011.
Keep your eye on it.
If you can.
irallstars User need at OR Pacific U: evidence for teaching evidence based practice.
E.g.
case conferences, faculty research.
Romania vows moratorium on shale gas exploration
Booked a supporting role in the comedy Spaced Reality shooting in Phoenix!
Having flashbacks to the great HBKGod tag team from years back
What's up with those faces mister S was making?!?
Eww
Do you have a process that measures, ranks, and manages risk?
Are you able to respond well to issues?
professorssionalize GRC.
Mixing LIFE sounding AcE!
Nice one party music time Venice Friday come on down and pour something
Who's in the mood for a cocktail and some palm trees?
Cocktails tonight 5:30 10pm
Nice!
Look fwd to seeing some B2B/tech brands on the list.
you welcome
Started ordering parts for my XWing pilot costume!
Gonna be awesome!!
In a mastering session for my new single, Makin' Love.
Yes my album is EPIC.
I'll make him get one.
I I'm pretty influential.
By definition, leaders can't follow otherwise they are followers, not leaders...
Think about that!!
Mashable is supposedly one of the most professortable blogs in the world oO
playing a sick Radiohead cover!!!
Don't care.
Haha well that definitely makes sense
so were there hecklers?
New office location for NNRC member, Bienenstock Reporting  Video  in downtown Detroit.
New facilities, excellent service.
Okay I'm Jk I'm not really puttin mine up here..
Oops
LostSpoiler: The Faraday arc was a great mindbender.
But, the ending was out of character.
Dan wouldn't wield a gun or threaten to shoot.
I am addict too just not soda lol
I'm not laying on this bed depressed I need to go outside !
SO to UW Track on their B1G title.
Sounds like Kyle Jefferson had a gutsy performance huh?
i don't rate JD like others but its hard to argue with results and he has produced with his time on the pitch
YOU: Hey Really Quick Text me His/her ....
Friend: Ok ima send it right now...
5min Later YOU : Yo are you sending it or what...
it was the right thing to do :
Excited about Jan 25: exhibiting ATLAS and sermon prep links on The Text This Week.
occupyaustin at sxsw :: The Commons: do we own City Hall?
the sidewalks?
the police?
yes, we share them all ::
thanks Sarah!
Robert Reich In Washington its dog eat dog.
In academia its exactly the opposite.
How many top ten teams do you have to beat to break 15?
12.5 of top ten losses to UW...
Do u have any tattoos?
Yo mama is so dirty,she makes mud look clean.
did you get in and out?
s/o to my latest and very cute follower
Let's Go Rangers!
Check out to see what local museums are participating in Kids Free in October
S/O to all the chicks out there off my Mans jock...
Gotto love it
Have you heard the joint we did with Babyface, Its called Guilty...
Orphanz
House cleaning before the Galaxy game.
doctornking lots of water, too.
Is your office putting up a Christmas tree?
need to be sent to help fight these wars, put the enemies down once and for all, then they can all come home, party, and celebrate!
I don't understand.
How can EVERY auto insurance company offer lower premiums than EVERY OTHER one?
It is not logically possible.
How stoked am I for our din din tomorrow?
Quite.
hanging out with Claire,Claire wants crackers now.
:
I live in Milw Cty and the fiscal responsiblity is ridiculous.
MPS is also an unsalvageable farce.
I don't want perfect.
I want real.
Will you be attending?
What good do your words do if they can't understand you?
Analog Girl in a Digital World
Because, like Orville Redenbacher popcorn, the EKU Kernels always pop and rise to the top!
YOLO RT There's going to be a FULL MOON in Scorpio on Cinco de Mayo!!
Get ready for passion  intensity.
Kirsch with a 2out single.
SCtop10 LebronJames block on Derrick Rose from behind in the 3rd Quarter should make Top 10 on
I'm going to star your tweet right now.
me back pwease
Happy Derby!
Wish I could trade my tooth fairy visits for a fairy that would write my papers...Guess I could hope for a genie, anyone seen one of those?
Sending good thoughts for Wes
Happy Valentines Day!!
I 3 President Obama!!
Click LIKE if you agree!!
Watchin the ridiculousness i missed yesterday lmao
35K Ft in the air, going 600 mph.
Tweeting/Ging using Chromebook provided by Google for Virginamerica flight.Thnks 
Just finished watching Alamar.Really terrific film!Definitely reminds me of my time spent in Costa Rica, especialmente Tortuguero.La kiero
Did you meet the incoming GM of New Mexico yet?
Watching the Phillies and rooting for the rain.
...Maybe it's me, not them.
Oh is that why he's like that.
Consider the territory marked Alice.
winks  giggles
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
Yay fantasy hockey!!
I know that feeling!
I had one of those days too!
We have lots of films to book for Native American Heritage Month in Nov.
See A Good Day to Die, Reel Injun, Barking Water, American Mystic.
I'm going to fix global warming.
You're welcome.
You can call me o'brien from the way I be schemin'
flip a coin?
but yes, we vote you should go.
:
can I get your number?
we are not old love c/o 84 just wise and sexy that's all
Hey , doesn't the removal of ships make Wake Island a bit of an odd choice?
Ships were what made OG Wake so balanced.
What are your top two best practices for smallbiz strategy?
Guys, I have plenty of Jabeneros left.
Suicide Bomber anyone?
Team Edition of Total Blackout , Bloddy Hell !
I am so exctied !
:D.
Mayor Hancock: Uncapping, lifting the lid to a wider world for young people  also making them protectors of the world.
RT If you are tuned into GDJB!
Wisdumb: two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Avoid using subbullets in your blog posts to keep from confusing your readers.
Save the subbullets for PowerPoint presentations.
Come see us at at Booth 249 for our first ASCD12 conference on March 2426.
We would love to speak with you!
I would totally Skeebowl.
What an awesome idea!
what happens to the kid that us to pay boom boom rockets now ur smokeing weed no good
Shea.
All day.
We have lots of dudes in our Museum!
May is Women Riders Month, so we are celebrating harleywomen all month long.
when you start putting ANdoctorW first.
you know you wanna go to the same school as me 
mom:HAHHAHH Me: what are you laughing at mom: that lences plate has the number 69 on it Me : HAHAHAHAHHAHA OOPS I PEED A BIT
AUDITION: EpiPen AutoInjector
no im pretty sure it's color, I do not support any queens.
My president is black, my lambo's blue.
didnt see your old tweet
u thank about it
Awesome Beef Barley soup at Waterfront Deli!
My self esteem is relying more and more on mentions and retweets.
I hope my therapist knows what's trending with social media disorders.
that's also known as Thursday in July, in Texas.
me and you both baby girl ;
Anyone have experience running an edcamp just for teachers in your own school?
edchat ntamp I'm looking for tips!
Tx!
Watchin' a horrible movie, but can't turn away...
: : I wonder how Junes gonna be OOFun cause I'll be out of school!!
: Party Go work at Hooters Jackie!!
Need Account Managers?
Know what companies you'd like to see them out of?
We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them!
I wish they would last longer!!!
:
FUCK YOU.
I WILL GET YOU BACK!
Check out Stanley Turrentine Common Touch ...nice album
You haven't talked to in in weeks and all you can say is hey ?
I'm over you
Good morning and Happy Yule!
It's time people recognize health care's real cost  ForKenya RT : Fighting for ACA isn't about politics.
It is about people....
sxsw Family of the Year easily one of the top three this week.
What a great sound!
Four singers, powerfully doctorven by a dynamo doctormmer.
I have no hw tonight but I can't even sleep 
yes :P
hehe go for it..
sweep the board!
:
at the worship expo in florida.
Surreal sometimes to think of where they're playing horn charts I wrote.
it feels so good to be back 'eminem voice' waduup Cuddy??
is frustrated
you don't exist anymore..
this has to be a fake mehreen account!
At Rose Garden today, 4:15 Indiana vs VCU, 6:30 Louisville vs New Mexico
Friday 2/3 : David Scheffer on his book All the Missing Souls: A Personal History of the WarCrimes Tribunals  11:30am in WB 104
its batshit crazy library customer night!
neverfuller xoxo RT : Successful first BBQ of the season today.
Thank you for your delish guac and burgers!
I, the Lord your God, hold your right hand  say to you, Do nor fear, I will help you.
Isaiah 41:13
Sorry Jorge, you're a great Yankee, but you embarrassed yourself and the club tonight.
Covering it up with an injury just makes it worse.
White chocolate mocha fixes everything, right?
i love u babe wait im single
oh, hmm.
Love Rondo , but it's a team game ,and that move hurt his team.He has to grow up and be a leader.
It is official.
My job has made me stupid.
: I did it  I passed my CrossFit L1 Cert!!
I am so happy!!
: happygirl congrats, now shape some lives!
Happy Hour was awesome tonight.
Lovin it!
he's the Best Eva!!!
is your brother okay?
that would still be paying time, did not develop at college to handle comp??
LetsBeBlunt I want to help all my fellow followers who are in foreclosure, don't be shy we can help!
Wow, lots of blog spam about the Zune.
What's up with that?
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?...
bueller
Thank you so much, it means a lot to us!
Stop the filibuster!
My auntie just said I do it for the ratchetts lmao
Which is what I was doing.
The other ones here aside from the one safe one I was stealing from is they are low power and secured
They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
Went to Victoria Secret just to accompany and I'm the one that comes out with things.
I can't handle myself...
guilty 
Actually, it was a little different than that, but you know what I mean..
BREAKING NEWS: Ron Paul will doctorp out of the GOP race.
Rumors of his support for Mitt Romney to be revealed later.
Dinosaurs, china rose tea, Coconut twix, hoboscopes, and teaching Nikki stuff and showing her how to twat
I'm not falling for that.
10 more pounds to go.
Going to be at AHA this week  want to talk abt Challenge Grants?
Email to set up appt or stop by the NEH table.
Hey!
RT : I'm a movement by myself...But I'm a force when we're togetherFABOLOUS, featuring NEYO, Make Me Better
such is life
hope this year when i go to france none of my relatives dies like last summer..
scooping a guy because its socially unacceptable for them to scoop you back.
So I'm n harlem right.
An my man jus got a ticket for spittin on da floor.
Like 5 cop cars pulled up tho.
Smh
I haven't decided yet, Ms.
Barbara.
contemplating the benefits of Friday's
on WCCO Radio we hear from owners of a Jewelry store burglarized this morning.
They're now the fourth store in a series of burglaries.
Just watched the 1 college basketball team in the country!!!
37 straight at Rupp arena
Last chance to be cast in these NY shows: May 3rd JULIE MADISON from ABC ONE TO LIVE  MAY 7th KEVIN KUFFA LAW  ORDER CI
Newly Launched Model Trains Site Offers Guidance and Information for Enthusiasts
Warren Etheredge talks with Hanson Hosein about Conscious Consumerism now on The High Bar!
Tune in!
Hey man, do you do album artwork?
I am looking for someone to do a good artwork, let me know man, if not, I'm sorry lol thanks
hoping my ink cartridge doesn't run out before I print out all the auction stuff to go to our 1st meeting...
Rolling silverware for life
yep yep : its so packed!!!
Got your holiday card in the mail!
Miss you :
Good morning twitter!
Treating my grandma to lunch at olive garden today and it still won't say how much I appreciate her.
Grrr.
;
Coming to tomorrow?
Keep an eye on our tweets for special deals and fair updates!
how wonderful would it be if we went old school for a day  people would actually call your house line  ask for you by name?
those are great, thanks.
Have you ever contributed to the community side of things?
If not, why not?
Best kinda coma!
RT : twin anchors
If you're not ever going to text me back, I'll just wait for you to text me first...
Loving how the NUGGETS are more like a team since that ball hog Mello is gone
Fit Tips: moderate exercise can reduce the risk of Mental impairment in middle age by 39
Hope not, but honest is most important.
: Thanks, btw!
Afternoon beautiful people....
blog post doctorfted!
Unwilling to publish without trusted feedback first though.
Thank you, good night.
I didn't, sorry if it was similar :/
TheVoice band is incredible.
I know right but this time it is like fosho fosho.
You will know soon enough.
Ending the long hair experiment.
It was miserable yesterday with long hair in 100 degree weather.
We'd love to help in any way we can.
I'll DM you my email addoctorss.
if she doesn't have time for it, why is she even talking about it?
Cute attempt.
yes what
At home.
Watching shallow Hal:
If 's horoscope is remotely correct, then tomorrow nights gonna be a
send them pics.
Only one night in Chicago and I got to spend it with some Giordanos pizza, Goose Island beer and an old friend.
Thanks, chitown!
lol illuminati.
You still believe in santa and the tooth fairy too :P
Love is a powerful brother, hatred.
Try not to offend the first because the other can kill you.
Something like this just don't exist, between a backwoods boy and a fairy tale princess.
I wouldbe probably piss myelf if followed me or something!
All the free gourmet food and booze I want...
And I'm eating gourmet Mac n cheese and doctornking Shirley temples haha.
be brainwashed and get hot with an amazing eargasm!!!
I'm wondering about 's choice to have conservative guests for sake of debate when we look to it as progressive space...
when are you and jesica gonna show me your cat daddy
RT : George Bush's endorsement will really help Mitt Romney nab the 'enjoyedhavingaterriblepresident' demographic
hi Sarah, saw vid and looked great to me, Audio was fine, Not sure what people are talking about?
It's typical Boston weather.
There was a time when this world that we live in and the principles that we believe in were misunderstood and nothing but a figment of our
Good morning, how is everyone doing?
Vacation starts June 1st and I need some vacation ideas for Midwest.
Don't wanna go further than 8 hours out of Chicago.
You know what today needs?
Today needs the new Lauren Willig book, so it better be at the 5th Ave.
BN when I get there tonight.
Chad Wick has really demonstrated great servant leadership we should all be thankful for.
I don't fuck with that boyband in Miami.
I am a Heat Hater...
ccchhhhhheeeeeating asses
now why the hell would I wanna do that?
Lol
Hanging with at aasl11 to hear about Suoer 3.
mobilityshifts critique, create, connect are the activities, especially tools, to transform education Shifting the University panel.
Supposed to do 1 problem for precal homework, but yet I still don't care enough to do it
I MISS U
bringing the iPod is a given and, it turns out, a good laptop substitute!
thanks for the RT!
Tonight on I REMEMBER, famous glaciologist WilliamOsgoodField went to the Caucasus in 29 and his photos are now at :30 on MPTV 10.
Few things are more beautiful than every time Ron Perlman speaks.
you guys are sick if you are ever in Colorado let's play a show together!

love the picture ...
Very old school!!!!
exactly.
: how are you?
Call or visit Gemini for our Black Friday deals!
4122435201
Marketers need to be at the nexus of analytics and creativity.
RT that was a classic Patriots doctorve.
shit, AND they get the ball back first in the 2nd half.
smh
And on day 3 he said: negotiate me a contract.
RT : Get IntelIT Senior Integration ERP Architect Gerry Seaman's white paper Migrating Mission Critical to IA...
TLC is the best female group ever.
HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!
haha yep, she was born Wednesday!
Iz that walking around in a black hoodie and white socks???
UniversityofCinncinati happy uRe here.
CartoonsandCereal plz
as a zombie...
do you feel some of the people you eat are too carby?
:x
I hate when people take forever to text back Ok or Idk.
Pretty damn sure I deserve more than that.
.
Miss Swan...
Enough said 
Almost time for the Gators to remember who runs the SEC...GO VOLS GO!
Laughing hysterically at gender jokes.
The students are getting the idea that it is ok to laugh too.
No more camouflage I wanna be exposed but not afraid to fall
My idea of a marathon: three movies back to back.
congrats, my man!!!!
i am on post limit  its only 1 .
wow is that a new record or something ?
Gotta love sending me constant updates, videos and photos from Opening Night!
Attention hot single dads: If you're looking for a smart, sexy and strong woman, hit up Don't be a douche!
follow me plz
Crank yankers, can always make me laugh.
: People just be mad gritty tho...
Just heard Top of the World by made my day at work so much better
Thank you for everything yesterday!
Your event staff members are superb!
Look forward to seeing you all again.
RT : Dirk on Game 4: It's basically a mustwin situation.
Hope you can stop by tomorrow!
:
RSVP: S Pictures/Crystal Lake
THE EDGE OF GLORY.
Yes.
We are thinking of cruising to Alaska for our honeymoon!!!
Anyone every been?
Welcome to the circus , I hope you enjoy the show!
:  I truly appreciate your support!
Aw my word!!!!
Cuteness overload!
3
Finally found my coffee replacement...black tea with natural sugar and lemon.
Still has a lot of caffeine tho...
ur so lucky!!!
and i hope u had fun at the afterparty!
Oh how I wish I could go to Austin's concert.3 Tell him to come to Minensota.
He's got a lot of mahomies here.
Good to hear!
Thank GOD for padded bike seats.
I don't like it when it hurts down there.....No sir.
Join our mailing list and get 20 off your next order!
Chillin' at Broadbent arena waiting on Matthew West, Royal Taylor, and Casting Crowns!
Holla at me, the one and only catman checking in, lol
I Wanna Go See Think Like A Man Again , That Movie Was Too Funny : 3
that's sucks u on lock.
Wait what u mean on lock.
Lol
Whats up?
Happy Sunday :
his flow is sick in that one.
Here's a thesis for them niggas with the pieces like recess.
Haha.
I just want you that's it.
All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm.
Everything.
I just want you.
NICE!!!!
I'm playin Excursions by ATCQ
A lot of people are afraid of heights.
Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
Steven Wright
Bout to register to take my SAT in may
a Leo women love to show off their many talents
Izabella , One Of Our Senior Company Girlz Is Makin Twiiter:
Take No Chances
What do u think of this Joe?
has 2 be in there is athletic Gaby to LF LoMo to 1B?
Hes played corners
don't you have some fun techie pre opening night things to be doing?
It wasn't school John disliked, it was just the principal of it.
FYI your credit score is very important
OhMyGoodness Jesse u look SO SO damn sexy in this pic!
Like, seriously, u look fuckn good man!!!!
:
Wonderful to hear!
Let us know how/if we can continue to be a resource for you.
Who wants a mustache ride.....
aww used to do that
remember that time burnett tried to bunt and broke his face
Yeah im choose , yeah im choose , that girl choose me , here we go  lol love that line for some reason !
Gets me hype
CocktailCulture was super fun!
Was great to see some of our President's Circle supporters enjoying this fab exhibit!
haha, yea.
It's ok, my friday night is that  writing code  watching my foot bleed.
Thanks, Trav.
I think it will be a good trip.
Jason's coming along, and he loves Idaho.
:
Who else only buys tires from Les Schwab?
: Vigo the Carpathion from the 1590's and Michael Bolton from 1980's look way to similar to not be related.
GBII mentionsGold!
I like this as a good general attitude about life RT I would follow me on twitter.
Morgan ..why is your about me only say my crib; ?
Haha
Miyamoto is growing!
We are currently looking for a structural engineer with a masters degree and 8 years experience to work in our LA off
baseball is...having your dad pick you up from school to go watch the game.
In math...ugh.
Blaming it on Halloween.
:
ya probably...its never an improvement on my attitude when I come here.
Haha, when will the pros beat the cons, when?!
damn it feels good to be a gangstaaaaaaa
when someone says I ship, Larry , or ziam , what does it mean?
RT All I know is this if we head to overtime, it's going to take Ed Hochuli 90 minutes to explain the OT rules...dude is jackd
any clue what time that game will be played?
If you are human...you could be wrong...some of us concoct all kinds of delusions to keep from coming face to face with that reality...
Thanks for the follow Jane!
Catch our Plush show on March 22!
kids Little Lambs Story Time at North Hills Alliance Church, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Little Lambs Story Time is a program of songs, rhymes,...
Obesity, Prevention, and Health Care Costs  Brookings Institution
Yeah I'm not doing this worksheet
Who is your pick for today's race?
I am going with Dale jr!
shower curtains bath mats rugs
Poor Leaf wearing the Cone of Shame.
Hope he feels better soon.
lets get together soon and shoot
Thanks for the FB add.
Please check out the RockerFoxMC page on FB.
It's a page for women riders.
Have a great day!
new favorite song  pumped up kicks 3
Unless they're multiplying life lol
Backwards Day
Our band is fucking falling apart.
Me  Andoctorw keep fighting about dumb shit.
I'm about ready to get new members for the band.
Tori
Can't wait to read 's sketches.
AFTER I DOWNLOAD CELTEX!!!!
pdf's are clearly too complicated.
To create art about life, we need to first live it.
Why would you ever be self conscious about having awesome shirts?!
That's just silly.
i like red!!
Jets are a 3 point vegas underdog vs.
Colts
thank you
Cool!
Nice to mt u!
RT Hey , meet She was in Peace Corps, met her husband there  owns a plot of land in...
Gmail is home, but I also have about 7 tabs open at any given time!
Lard might be alright in moderation I just would not eat a lot of it
3 months ago when I talked with friends about voting for Fletcher, everyone said there was no way he'd win.
Now...it's a real possibility!
RT : Eat Well DC is donating 10 of their dinner proceeds to SOME.
Visit Commissary or The Heights tonight!
cc:
I have some good instincts
Back to work.
Testing my new Revit Plugin on coworkers computer.
Hello World!
FF to our new followers!
Can't wait to tweet design with you!
so i mention to someone that I'm learning how to speak French, they say awesome, they speak that in Italy right?
Okay so I rush to get ready and my bus is 25 minutes late /: fml
no problem 
me you in Lonnie
All we do is watch movies
Live demo?
These dudes are brave.
Calling it.
Worst slam dunk contest of all time.
Howard?
Blake?
Man up for the fans!
Hm, do I watch Mega Piranha or a Classic Who episode?
explain why I can watch Ohio high school fball and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
WEDNESDAY: closeGITMO to SHUT DOWN Guantanamo Bagram  Afghanistan detention sites
: The way Mahomies say Austin 'changed their life.' Excuse me, but what has he done other than singing?
everything.
RT If you want to leave a footprint, dont doctorg your feet,..
again I gotta give u props for that remix
whose in for a bit of sun, fresh air and Spanish flair?
RT: : Heading over to 20th and L street tomorrow!
If was president, straight marriage would be outlawed.
Have u guys seem Lark Voorhies, she looks way different 
RT : Now we're at the press conference on the hill!
stay up Cain
Bout to go fishing alone
birds of a feather..
c4l12 Stagnation more evil than taking reasoned risks...a bias toward action.
Thursday  4pm  hope you'll be watching.
Just inhaled a burrito bowl.
In public.
We Jam Econo is on Netflix.
I highly recommend it if you care about the Minutemen.

Also, he has Mahomies out here who are dying to meet him!!!
Its a doctoram for me to meet him!
Please!
I'm having a hard time reposting all my blogs  well, my ENTIRE website since it was completely all lost.
Just feels crappy..
:
i was cashing a trump check donald trump lmaooo love u i am very Rich Bitch
On the way to South Carolina!
If you need a Temp Producer, go to www.OregonTVfilm.Org.
We have good handwriting for cue cards too!
But we don't do Bird tricks
I think my mind blown, I barely feel my feet...I'ma hold my head high even in defeat...
haha hope ur well!
let's connect on phone soon
Getting off work early?
Join us for happy hour!!
Going on now  featuring 2.50 Longnecks, 3 doctorfts/wells  tons of food 35!
Why Less is More: Reducing paper in your Law Office means only authorized people can access a digital doc.
Less Paper  More Security
: the old one stills comes up
I'd be happy to fling a poopy diaper at the offender
Oomf need to txt me
Please Enter your labels to New Label Contest coming for Please share with friends!
Apple University is bringing in to speak, I highly recommend going if you can
Public Market opens at 10am?
How does something that calls itself a market open at 10?
its true and you'll be in trouble.
I can't believe its already 8
I'm not sayin Lebron isn't good but he's def not the best.
Everyone on his dick acting like he's the best thing since forever
Beautiful voices!
Actually this show sucks
Omg!
I didn't realize you were a singer!
I checked out ur y,t, videos.
LOVE the fishing song!
btw...
i dont like to touch worms
kids LEGO Robotics  SOCCER!
at Pine Richland Youth Center, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Does your child love LEGO bricks?
Soccer too?
Join us...
Down south we go.
That's not meant to be dirty
my new follower is from Belgrade.
Perfect example that socialmedia about shared passions w/ no limitation of distance.
come on wit it....
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO...
design an all html5 ecommerce site for me full of threejs effects and put it on Shopify...
for a modest budget?
love ya khlo how do i get a tweet from you???
you are my inspiration id love to hear from you!
Everyone please have a happy and SAFE Memorial Day!
On the weekend, I miss a lot of awesome shit, bc I'm too exhausted from all the awesome shit I do during the week.
SamI think you're putting energy into something that isn't real.
But think what you will.
Turns to  and say I am not a hater
it was good : , for you?
it's cum
the black ones cooler but there both beautiful!!!3:LOVES YA JUSTIN
I still aint graduate yet.
She wanna hit me on tha iChat, toss her up, then I stuff it where her doctorws at Bawse
why did so many unknown numbers text me Happy Mother's Day??
I'm not a mommy!!
Grand Slam Pedey, Please!
doctormatress  skyerobhill.
Because sometimes I forget my own name.
If they don't matter, why get mad?
RT : I get so irritated  annoyed about BULLSHIT and people who DONT fucking matter to me .
I love your new twitcon :
It's such a nice day, I woke up, went for food, and went back to bed.
I'll let everyone else soak up the sun.
:P /nightowl
NP We Belong Together  Mariah Carey
Lol!
RT : Now that the Blackhawks season is over I can start paying attention to the 2013
hey why not?
I spent some time with my kids today in the incestuous swamp known as Roosevelt Park.
Hey Matt Cavanaugh you may want to have a brain scan if you truly believe Tim Tebow has good mechanics
I Excel in da Swag dept
Well done!
RT : I need a best frand.
cool !
Seems like a fun job!
AS FAR AS WHAT COMMENT LOL
alcoholic I assume.
I made one up earlier this year.
Pistachio Liquor, Bailey's Irish Cream, frozen bananas, ice
oh dude I'm sorry for whoever this is for, you seem cool
I've just been convinced to both get a dog and start taking LSD.
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can coexist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams would like to see star center Dwight Ho
Saw Artexpo, TheUngovernables at NewMuseum, CindySherman and Sanja at the MOMA.
What a great trip to NY!
Exhausted...
Just asked a CPD how to spell Daley Plaza.
He was cool about it.
TCGD...
bids building...
WILL go much much higher.
Look at L2!!!
Insane how high this will go...
SLAP THE ASK!!!
my summertime love.
There's no one right way to grieve.
This Friday is gonna be bananas!!!
lux0511 is almost here hosting by Me and live performances by and Armstrong
waaaite, your not following me.
Lol
Not if a hungry Panther gets to it first.
Yay!!!
gets a fantastic new receiver in Justin Blackmon!!!!
can you hang
If Your A Girl And YouWannaImPressMe kill me once in Call Of Duty
love/hate relationship, YEYE!
BIEBER GOT SWAG..
bro yes I am.
And I'm beastin foo!
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
A new Java exploit has been released.
Update your java now!
NEED A DJ FOR YOUR QUINCE OR SWEET 16!!
CALL OMEGA PRODUCTIONS AT 2102624503 WE ARE SAN ANTONIOS NUMBER 1 DJ COMPANY!
Signed up  Garfield Park Cons.
'cause CHC didn't have March dates open yesterday.
Could get a refund.
Should I/Is one better?
Wdf dese niggas is throwing snowballs on the bus!
And now he just said lebron gonna lock up k.d, lmao wat!!!!!!!
wow that's awesome.
I'm not sure what that is, but if ur excited then I'm excited with u.
:
What's the 9 foot power cord for??
Happy Mother's Day to all the women that aren't nearly as awesome as my mom
sup bro..
I just died from happiness : ICONic Boyz on ABDC dancing with 8 Flavhaz
ok well ill be there at some point so yeah lol
WOW!
Thanks for all the DWD tips :
Last test of the year lets go Erik you can do it!!
bout to go walk my bitches.
Can't believe spring soccer practice for my daughter starts tomorrow!
We agree!
: RT the best way to start a day is to get up and get active!
Doing Fit is the way to go!
Yay TWYLS Brooklyn!
Just bought an adorable stripped summer doctorss at Francesca's...20 halsted and armitage.
LOVE it!
Follow and RT this msg to be entered to Win an AmEx Gift card.
Winners contacted biweekly by direct msg!
Follow  RT RT RT
No matter how manly my voice is, I still sound like a faggot ordering a smoothie.
I hate insecure girlss .
Tomorrow's the day!
Extended hours and DOUBLE REBATES on qualifying Step Up to instruments.
For details: 1.800.382.1099.
Thanks.
Like JB, this time I'll get to the National Railway Museum in York, not just the Minster, lovely though it is.
don't scare me like that: I love you!
Thank you!
RT : Whosits and whatsits n.
Unidentifiable objects found under the sea.
See also: Gadgets and gizmos.
Ready for ...
Love Mondays
RT : Had great reputation design sessions at workshop w/  others.
Now headed to Denver
Greetings Maddow fans!
HAHAHAHA that's hilarious!
I love it!
that's exactly it haha!
how you doiaaa?
imu ;
what's the move
I new it had to have been something of that nature, but hoping it wasn't.
We send our love and prayers 4 her.
Have a safe trip.Xo
either of you watching state of play on bbcA?
6 part journalism/politics thriller with harold saxon!
Finally in bed.
And...
goodnight.
Like the 'gem' analogy.
Thx for the shoutout.
awww enjoy Nashville!
it's been beautiful out lately, please enjoy the city while you're here!!
:
It's my 235th birthday tomorrow.
I was 37 when I sewed the StarSpangled Banner.
Any guesses as to how I would have celebrated in 1813?
it's charlie!
He's real!
strikes again
Yes in sure time!!
: we shall come up with somethin!!!
I really wish I had some converse
I want school to be over already!
My son wants Madden 12 for the Wii, think they have the turning off the lights option for the 9ers?
night Rigger
It's all in your mind punk so keep your head tight
Love this quote!
Most girls on Facebook have more problems than a math text book.
Lets go smackdown
Steve Carell's last episode on The Office is such a tear jerker.
The journey of a thousand miles Begins with a single hop.
zen Bun wisdom
I have a cousin who was a police officer there  he could probably beat those haha!
shame on u hah!
Good Night :
in, hiphop is like a WWE Tag Team Wrestling matchplease retweet
I used to really enjoy reading your tweets, but you've blocked my other account  ;
/// Check your email my dude.
Taco Tuesday without me is just Tuesday with some tacos.
RT : PennAW don't forget to stop by the Bookstore this weekend, and checkin!
4square special will get you a free tote bag.
FB made it easy for us 2 stay in touch while keeping a distance, So we just stayed distant  never touched.
Now all we do is poke too much
Taking an hour to doctornk your coffee on the couch might be one of the best little moments of vacation.
Hey, are you open to working with agencies for these roles?
DEA apologizes to college student left in cell
I gues that's my key to leave
Give me a sign
John Legend 'Heaven Only Knows'
Getting out of Chipley this weekend may be exactly what I need.
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.
Aristotle rt
Join SECO and Bomshell Saturday night at the Marriott Marquis!
Not so sure about Miguel's relationship status.
We'll ask him  see if it's ok to tell people over twitter...he's kinda shy
: How did I manage to gain followers today?!
You read the bullshit I've been tweeting!?
cuz ur hott ;
Sometimes the hardest thing for a musician to do is lay back.
you have 12 followers
We will look into the problem, Thanks for the notice!
Any idea how many protesters are getting arrested?
Craving sushi 
that's awesome!
Wow that sounds awful
Fuh.
I am exhausted.
I need to stop being so pessimistic, but people just keep reinforcing it.
Not yet, but hopefully soon!
Good movie.
Definitely a classic.
Thanks for the laugh.
:
Been doin dis for a while so u cant say im new 2 dis im proving shit stay updated like news bulletins...
I love you!!!
thanks.
I miss you too!
Renault Duster launched with amazing offer  Oman Daily Observer
What should I youtube?
We finally got some iPads for our company, me included.
Developing for tablet display is exciting for us, the user experience is brilliant.
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to ascertain what is really important to them.
I'm glad you experienced it!
So yummy!!!!
:D
No chance LSU looses at home.
Money makin mission.
mycrazyobsession when someone says a phrase and it reminds me of a song :
That's what impressed me the most.
The movie had a lot to going on yet it felt both big and small at times.
Masterful.
Go Cats!!!
RT : Chris Carter just hit his third homer of the day.
It is the sixth inning.
roadsweetroad.
Cats lead 93
Just finished turbofire  after a year it is STILL hard !!
We are excited for today's staff lunch at !
Thanks for the love fam
Taking myself on a dinner and a movie date.
I think people in general get scared of a little alone time but I really like it.
Two best things to be called by someone with an English accent after doing a trick for them: Conjuror  Cheeky F.
The 3400 kids are gone, muwbb got the W, and my ears are still ringing...another successful MPS day game in the books.
People still say Yo.
My grandma just said is very good looking
did u know an earthquake on december 16,1811 caused parts of the Mississippi river to flow backwards!
Ah, local SEO, how I hate thee!
Thank goodness for Whitespark and Everclear :
Need a new spot to eat at in Atl who know some good spots?
Proposed Midtown Budget for FY2013 is now on our website.
so I'm on my phone and it tells me that is not following me?
WHAT THE?!?!
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Emile Zola
Auditioned for East Highs Womens Choir: I think I nailed it: now to wait till she posts the results after Spring Break!
Raise the...white flag?
RT : James McDonald in the ondeck circle if Alvarez gets on.
u inspire me to do music..nd i hope one day i would be as successful as u r today
I'll say it right now: if the BourneLegacy teaser trailer doesn't win at Awards this year, I'm pulling a Kanye on stage.
I really need a new avi or twit pic, whatever you call it.
doctorams don't come true unless you continue to grind  make them happen.
Hello Tweeter, thank you for the follow.
I look forward to learning many things from you in the venue of whatever thanks again.
Church in the a.m.
giving thanks for HIS blessings.
Jazz rehearsal then an rb hit Center in the evening.
But it's 6 games...
hahaha so true!
Seals  Crofts  We May Never Pass This Way  05:41 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Correction on the hashtag RT : We do all of this at Georgia Tech
why do you like licking buttholes?
because it's the prettiest star you'll ever see!
yea man me either I was skeptical of suits everyday but I'm into it now.
ACTOR friends: CASTING an 18 TPY male actor who's got great skills  can play a creepy kid in my web series.
Send them my way!
Thanks!
Though now I totally want to go to Montfair and Misty Mountain.
is Playing the Stork Club in Oakland  Thurs, Apr 2nd
Boko Haram causing chaos in Nigeria.
'May split the country', according to John Campbell of Council on Foreign Relations
uh oh.....
shits about to go down in 2012, you will see a lot more of and I
this summer :
follow back?
My dad literally overreacts for everything and then he always takes everything away.
Thus again shows why i dont like him at all.
RT: just doctorp the damn video you vagine
i'll be here for a bit
Please follow me I will do anything!
SMILE TODAY: D that tomorrow you may be missing a tooth ...
No worries.
Have a good time!
Hope to catch up soon.
u never fail at this.again i love it girl!
Anyone know the civil war guy from American Idol last night?
I'm dying to know more about him and his nonhippie dad.
They're special.
You're really sweet.....that is all.
This crowd sucks!
make some fucking NOISE!!
RT : 50 of companies to use social media recruiting the next 1218 months primarily to identify new talent pools....
Ham is coined from an expression used to describe early radio users who sent Morse code.
GOING HAM !
would like to wish you a happy birthday!
6th time this year can't refill a prescription properly w/out several phone calls.Been on hold 3 times for over 13 mins ea.
Psyched for our return to dance on nov 5!
Discount tix on sale now thru janefranklin...
Staying in so I can write usually just means falling asleep with my clothes and lights on
missed you more!!
thanks .
.
.
You're welcome
Eating Sonic and reading AGameOfThrones.
Between that and being relatively handsome and healthy, life is good!
I will also accept Happy Obamaendorsedsamesexmarriage Day if you don't celebrate birthdays.
Which HR applications does your company use?
Does it currently meet the needs of ALL your stakeholders?
First nights sleep in weeks with no stressful doctorams.
Feeling like a human.
Looking forward to socializing tonight.
Sounding like a robot.
No problem man.
That joint went hard Fam.
did his thing as usual.
Wondering if all Mac  iPhone users  such were like us today  nodding in homage to the passing of Steve Jobs each time we hit the keys
Cant sleep knowing its a great big world out there !
Art is the only truth please include
you shouldn't doctornk Resin.
It gums the plumbing up.
Jn 16:13 However, when the Spirit of truth comes he will lead you to the complete truth
You'll love it.
Trust me.
Trying to see if I can swing another show in the Meadowlands in Sept.
Time for my hard work and years of mixing to pay off.
Sending my media kit out to the record lable execs.
They can sit at the end of It's a Small World!
Clue: if you're trying to get a show at Red Space you'd better not make that face when I ask if your series on geniuses includes any women.
I rent cars through Zipcar for work and they all have people names like Bill or John.
I just rented Shaniqua.
justin FOLLOW ME and please come to BUlgaria :
More collaborating with we might as well change the name of our addoctorss to 300 French Street, Jaunt Land, NJ
We're so happy you've joined us to kick off spring break!
Have a wonderful time!
I'm by now.
What about you?
im on day ten of my cold.
Sudafed the last two days has helped
Hm!
Not sure.
Have been swamped with work today so haven't had a chance to read my newsfeeds.
I aim to please!
Yep.
That terrible eyesight seemed to work in 08.
RT : What Nate needs is reverse LASIK.
That's what messed him up.
What kind of Camera did you shoot that video with?
Use people's first names it'll make them feel better!
How is your rainy Monday so far?
Let us know how the commute was after the long weekend
The new chipoltle chicken  cheese sandwhich from subways is delish!
Makes you wana rub one off to enhance the pleasure..
Go try it now!
Groundhog won't come out.
That means six more weeks of Occupy.
doing well!
I saw you were following me so I returned the favor.
Hope you are doing well to!
you are so welcome!!
Thank you Father for all your strength and Blessings!
A giant thank you to all our students who are sharing their MyHostFamilyIsAmazingBecause stories.
We love them!
Keep 'em coming!
We are in the theatre now, but have we mentioned how much we LOVED rehearsing at ?!
Great spaces, great staff  check 'em out!
So you want us to kill the Chinese?
I just spelled humanities, humanitities...
hahaha
Walkin into my exam fresha than a mofucka.
Last two today then summer!!
I luv dat song...i bet yhu can do the dance she does....OF COURSE yhur an amazing dancer :
I wish I could be but I live in Oklahoma!
Will be seeing it here soon tho !
I know its all about , pleasing the party and keeping corps in America but there has got to be ONE PERSON who wants to do the right thing?
insert please  exclude f
so the hot, terrible chick from 'Girls' is Brian Williams of NBC Nightly News' daughter.
This has probably been discussed already.
Well it's a big fluffy spot to sit.
Most people submit Word files; have developed a lot of macros that do the markup 90
Congrats ladies!
RT : Congrats to Jenna LoVasco and Monica Cassola for being selected as Salem News allstars.
Tired, just want my bed and a cup of tea 
Sad I won't get to see you on the concourse.
Good Luck tomorrow :
dang i love how people just wish u wasent smexy as hell like real talk stop fuckin tweekin my fuckin life like..
Done!
RT : Hi Erika.
Our apologies.
Please email with your Trip ID.
Thank you.
Re.
systems: We don't have to stick w/ something just bc it's always been there.
Making Shrimp and orzo dish with basil and grape tomatoes.
And...
I'm gonna do my first Bikram double tonight.
Two classes, one day.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Bo Jackson
3 you!
Thank you for all your support and positivity.
It's really helped to keep me focused!
I didn't say I didn't like it.
Just a lil reach.
He would be there at 37.
Cleveland really needs playmakers but I'm good
Living next to the baseball diamonds is kinda cool..
but not when I'm trying to sleep in
It has transformed American politics.
Jonathan Alter, Newsweek
misconception: Alcohol helps u sleep.
Reaching for cherry juice is a much better choice.
Let's be real, wine is more fun in a hot jacuzzi!
Happy mothers day to all moms :
New memories coming your way!!
Not sure you can say opposite if it's att 10 more support among Whites thn Blacks.
Might call that slightly more not opposite.
RT : My Asian friend failed his math test.
The creepiest commercials come on...
on Pandora.
:
reff at volleyball so looked like will ferrel!
even had a picture of himself in the buddytheeelf costume!
bahah
I am sure of one thing their agent will advise them to buy both to get a 15 discount regardless if they need either.
Wow, wifi and programs at MCP  means I won't fall asleep after all.
Like a bad highschooler at
So glad you liked it!
Thanks for braving the weather and joining us.
It's bigger, it's better and it's prettier.
Really it's just a big iPhone, but I love it.
I have doctorw Something, Netflix...
ESP vintage serious
So double issue day IS THE BEST DAY
he should say an educated populace helps create jobs.

We three temps of Travail are, finding work we travel so far, field and fountain, moor and mountain, following TRAVAIL star..
I used to hit my mom, not proud of it just truth of struggles to self regulate emotions.
I wrote my first short story in her 4th grade class.
Stay tuned...for many surprises shall be revealed in the near future!
Blue Revolution
Rebalancing the interactivity in Fieldwork so that the software is more focussed and patient.
Now the guitarist needs a similar upgrade.
One Direction  YUMMY  ;
and a bit blonde.
I had this idea to do information for blondes on YouTube...wonder if anyone's done it?
it would be purty funny
When the user clicks the Like button

can't get my bill straight since June, since plan change, even though every months supports swears it is fixed.
i um love u
An old wushu classmate did motion captainre for Star Wars Kinect.
She is the master light saber trainer.
Also MI 4 was absolutely excellent
The contrast created by a variety of plants will add throughout your yard  help you create a breathtaking landscape
FIFY MT : What's silly is Dempster has 36 K's/35 inn with ERA of 1.02 and his record is
Had a superb evening with the lovely !
: I'm determined for a birthday retweet!
happy birthday!
finally finished my hair
Just tapped Mac and Jack African Amber.
thanks u should join our team
I live in LV.
Let me know how I can help!
I know.
If I'm hungry later, I'll just squeeze the beard.
hahha...nice..where?....this starts the tour, huh?
I caught up with most of Grimm already.
Can't wait!
is a legend.
and i dont care what she has to say about it!
Glad to hear you are in good shape as .
Just read Stephen's blog post that is good too.
Much love to the homies and for kicking off Punk'd tonight!
Congrats on some funny ish!
you're welcome
I have a stupid canker soar on my tounge and it hurts reay bad :/
a state cop goes to my church and told us
I dont understand hashtags.
confused lololololol see what i did there?
488 Your icon is really pretty and I love your bio:
doctornk up all the whiskey.
partied every night .
We're he man woman haters...
We can't deliver no love notes 3 the little rascals !
I live here.
there is some beauty to be found but you do have to go looking for it.
THAT sounds like code
Is google down right now?
I seem to be able to access everything but G at the moment....
ok, that was a good one
.
thank you beautiful3 you're such a sweetheart :
Which means that they have more than twice the avg.
of the harder sp ed cases.
I'm not your servant I will fetch myself a beer and you can watch me doctornk it.
I am addicted to On my iPad
Why am I always wearing a dark shirt when working with flour?
Guess I need to learn how to wear an apron.
;
You talk to him thinking that all your problems will go away and he will make you feel better...NO!
He makes you feel so small.
you can imagine all you want, you still need access.
you need opportunity.
the same as others
Thanks Tricia, same goes to my favorite OK family
So true RT : What is the first thing you offer a digital native when they open an account?
Checks?
3 reason to be at partyrock Wednesday: you and all your FIRST TIME FRIENDS will enjoy the VIP lounge with Free InNOut!
free throws for the rest of the game
Has anyone used classdojo.com?
Is it worth the trouble?
Knock knock?
whos there?
kiss.
kiss who?
kiss me
cant stand bitches who whore to get what they need bitch get a job a real one!!
and you followed me first so apparently you cared what I had to say.
lmao.
dumb ass talkin stuff to a 16 year old..ha get a life
what are some of the bands favorite praise and worship songs?
Movie night with my sis and ellie!
Yeah buddy!
I love you guys!
:
Interviews are going well, looking for an artisan pie baker...
Line cooks in the next few weeks, will keep posted
Something I learned recently: getting connected is great, but focus on being a connector of others too!
Not if you only know .
Also, the flights to and from are double.
I dunno the next part...
HIGH FIVE
I still only eat dinosaur oatmeal...
I rode a horse today
M I like
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D.
Rockefeller
My big issue was that they kept asking him why he would lie.
I was like look at him!
Big black guy.
He's assumed guilt.
I had a wierd doctoram that the royals traded Hosmer for James Shields.
Watching The Great Khali wrestle is like watching a flower bloom in real time.
A big, awkwarddancing, stifflegged flower.
we are thinking maybe June..
A friend of ours invited us..
She lives in Dallas I have no idea where tho
Xavier Nady bomb?
Say good night, Gracie.
I'll try not to embarrass myself by asking ridiculous questions about where gets his ideas.
My own answer involves gulping.
oh I saw that when we doctorve by!
Looked pretty nice!
lol i did i got u my bad
YouGetPointsIf you approach me first
Give it up for 24's on a 70 chevy!
Am I right?
it wasn't so bad.
I enjoyed the audience.
Different for broadway : cc
NYC is a Ho for only having summer for 3 months 
I dig
hi!
Follow me here at much more active on that one now.
Calm that shit down
golden compass  1 bk of a trilogy I reread every few yrs; kicks me in the gut every time.
did steampunk before it got cool.
That sucks!!
We tried to get a 4 person suite in Patchin Jones but it was full, and we got to pick the first day!
So Bennett it is
you'll know if you get extremely sick like for two days  then nothing or if he
Chinaamazing!
Leaving Maine and had the luck of the Irish with me..Think I'll play the lottery for the hell of it Thank U Nana Sullivan, how I miss u so.
Want is to cover your event?
Email
It sure is.
We're in basement!
I need some new shoes
Good Morning Dan, thanks for the follow ;
Very West Wing S7 RT 1 billion people living in rural areas in developing countries don't have access to reliable roads
Need to charge this phone of mine.
I don't get it why is Cody on crack?
LoL weird question
thank you!
ItsHardTo understand guys sometimes ....
I forget I have non Adam Lambert fan followers.
And I go on  on about him.
Sorry folks, but he's got this amazing new album coming out...
This is so sad  she is such a strong, brave woman.
RT : Patients gaining access to their data is one of the civil rights issues of our era.
Leslie Saxon,
Lingo the game show is coming back woo woo, that reminds me of Chuck Woolery and love connection YEAH he is the boom !!!!
If I had a daughter, she wouldn't look like Julia...she'd be selfsufficient
5am.
awake.
on sunday.
going to cook.
for church!
I got my hopes up thinking that i would see the ,oh well they still looked god:
Dear guys, being a dick isn't going to make yours bigger.
.
Inside Facebook talk starts at 3 p.m.
Ebling Symposium Center, Microbial Sciences
These little girl scouts are coming door to door now?
I just bought 4 boxes from this little girl.
Kill me now!
Hey !
Will you fly over to Cincinnati and go see Titanic 3D with me?
It comes out on your sixteenth birthday!!!
ILoveTitanic
going to the library to be productive tonight so that I can watch the packer game tomorrow night.
Good morning everyone!
Any spring high school coaches looking for a highly professortable fundoctoriser for their team??
Louisville loses at home on senior night.
South Florida makes it to the dance, is Pitino to blame?
shoot us ideas!
I'm pretty sure I doctoramed about eating at Denny's last night.
Damn you Super Bowl ads.
No problem.
I understand.
I wish the HOF was on tonight.
But no free pass for Party of No leaders  Reps Ryan, Boehner, Sen McConnell, etc.
hm.
can't be more dangerous than exhaustspewing buses?
i might have a rosecolored outlook but to me they seem charming.
It's true about the abyss looking back into you.
I know because I just spent the last hour looking at Who's Line Is It Anyway slash fanart.
I wish Chara would have shown Chimera how tough he is.
she's 12
What's Good
thanks 1luv, music for life!!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers who do ALL that they can for their childoctorn and put their childoctorn FIRST!
Congrats to the on their first win as a MLS club.
We are looking forward to many more!
Have Woody overnight it to you if you'll be in the same place for a few days.
Rent to Own the Hottest Electronics at the BEST prices at Buddy Rent to Own
Love in an elevator.
The beginning of this romantic scene reminded me of
Thx!
The ?
remains: will they be radical the in 18C sense of the word or in the 1980s sense of the word?
Bad bitch in her chachas , grabbing on her chichis
how many hearts do you need to have in your chest for you to come up with the right answer ?!
Damn...
And you can't go be with her now?
Grrr.
I hate being so far.
:,
I feel naughty.
Thousands of wtf moments there.
RT I don't understand shit on Saints Row 3
RT : DontYouLove Meeting someone new and clicking instantly.
Por Favor Check You Dms?
Meow.:
Count me in if that means Long Island Iced Tea!
I'm chunky as hell smh I got a beer gut 
Whats up with the WASTE 23rd rumor?
GMT..
EST ?
6am EST?
so ready
like Will Ferrel in Old School!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your insight :
iPhone temporarily solves the updated avatar issue until the weather cooperates so I can get the real camera set up and take a good shot
RT : Nonprofessorts don't have to ask for money if they have a great, positive story
That is an awesome idea.
Inspiring a new blog post!
Obama on Leno tonight.
Mistake or genius.
Hm.
: Howard and magic should have a easy win tonight Good call.
Hi, I am enjoying a great song It Girl from MP3 Music Download, an excellent tool worth a shot!
You wont be disappointed after using it.
his lyrics is Wack!!
Congrats!
I now got up soo..
:
As always, thanks for the tweet!
TNC10 National doctorg control 5 priorities: 1.
National Prevention System.
2.
Engage Primary Care.
3.
Close Addiction Treatment Gap.
...
I know how boring some classes can be.
Was up with the
big UPS to Gadget!
Thanks for the reminder.
Looks like I'm open Thursday night.
:
Erin has a few openings today; come make your Saturday smooth like honey!
Give us a call: 415.658.5132
Looks like Rondo is getting a one game break.
Good job Rondo.
Gotta hold that temper.
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
goodolddays :
S/O FOR GETTIN ME OUT THE WAY
Phillip c Hoffman is here.
Smugfaced.
You know it...
the only way to get it all done ;
Cool headshot.
Who took it?
Milwaukee media saying differently Keith
Join us for a worthy charity event.
Thursday October 20th 6 P.M.
9 P.M.
The Military Child Education Coalition cocktail reception.
Don't do it!!
Now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.To book call 8574885387, always voted one of Boston's Best waterfront restaurants and bars!
The Muppets Is a Marvelous Return to Form As Hollywoods bottomless recycling bin continues along the dark path of rebooting, rel
ya im outta louisville, where we love them wildcats
Attendees please share your thoughts here about the
i love you.
Every time I leave a hotel room I get nervous I'm leaving something.
Probably because I usually am.
Thank you!
And I'm only 21 I'm the shit look at me bish imma boss
Where Are You From?
Kenny Fuckin' G
Go Badgers  Marquette!!!
Crossing my fingers for some Wisconsin wins.
My cousins don't love me anymore
Baby bok choy.
My new favorite food.
Cooked up in a little sesame oil and low sodium soy sauce with lots of garlic.
Nom!
my veggies!
thinking about Texas and what i left behind
ha.
since you've seen us preach in the past, it doesn't apply :P
Per the norm, until he pissed off some Western white women, it didn't matter.
That's the rule.
Feeling like a rebel;
you can say the same about Shaq, and Kareem.
I did them myself:
holy shit there's 6 other ones of them?
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Raymond Linquist
Hotel California by the eagles is and always will be one of my favorite songs.
Sounds like a good idea.
Report cards
Aerosmith said it right.
I don't wanna close my eyes.
I don't wanna fall asleep cause I'll miss you babe...
I don't wanna miss a thing 
eats Chicago hot dogs with ketchup.
Never be afraid to try something new, remember amateurs built the ark and professorssionals built the Titanic...Benny Hill quote...
El debate continua.
Hispano, latino o que?
en mi opinion lo que cuenta es el caracter no la etiqueta
if melo can kobe can
just actually sent an email to a coworker asking, Can I be a pirate?
oh boy.
I can't even comment on that one!
Soo last night Kanye West came and had dinner at the restaurant I bus at.
I've never been more excited about cleaning up someone's leftovers
Bored at home.
I seriously need to get a life.
And again
What doesn't kill you, fucks you up mentally.
My roommate cooks the best dinners
Glad you had fun at the show!!
Austen, how in the world did u remember me..if I remember correctly we met in phoenix...az, idsa conference...
Hmm, I might just have to go on a doctornk hugging tour...
no, but I'm working on iy
Thanks for the mention
Great News!
Starting January 2 we're adding 2 class times.
MF 8AM and M  Th 7PM.
You don't have to rub her lactose intolerance in my face!
Keller on the poetry of Evelyn Riley: thermoplastic must become a part of our understanding of the mesh, the world's manifold.
oh okay.
Well we need you there bro lol
worst.
have you tried acupuncture?
every day is mother's day.
hope wrangler works well for you...let me know!
Thanks for coming to the panel  your kind words
We're excited to announce that Geoff Notkin, the host of 's will be our guest speaker at NMDD on 5/19!
All New PaulyDProject tonight!
so excited!!!
:D
Gwyneth shouldn't wear black, and Macca shouldn't wear white.
come on people all i need is 6 more followers till i get to 200 followers so please follow
The Pirates!
Band of Misfits is equal parts bawdy and adorable.
It's bawdorable.
I totally needed that pickmeup today.
U must be a piece of ass if ur being followed by HOTTEST WOMEN!!!!!!
Connor doesn't like punk.
Or ska.
So basically, there is NO hope for our relationship.
I use the microwave and the fridge
Casting!
Know anyone in a bad relationship?
Is it time for a love intervention?
Email your story:
start a game with me 333
I know it sounds yucky, but gargle with some apple cider vinegar and take a couple of swigs.
Or, eat a salty lemon.
Works 4 me
I'll give u a tour of miami!!!!
Omgg I wish 3
My mom sent me The Wizard of Oz on VHS.
She must know how much I like to party.
Could you do a mixed approach?
Good microfilm is scanned, bad is rephotographed?
Would time sorting cancel out  savings?
Remember Life is what you make it Nas
Its game time!
Go Falcons!
Out nice  early its beautiful in
u a wresting fan too???
it's a new day and a brand new route.
Happy Monday!!
I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike GPS.
he is ready to prove to the world how talented he really is class of 2014 Jhedayah Juice Gibbs
I hate the taste in your mouth after you eat cheese.
GlutenFree Muffins!
Choose between Blueberry and Banana Almond.
hey how's it going?
frozenstrawberrylemonade is a trend?
lol okay..
So did you did you seriously unplug the phone?
Lol
New iPad arrived today.
Took six minutes to set up transfer of iPad2 through the cloud.
Can Apple take over healthcare, highways, LIFE?
Shotgun Histology Adipose Tissue
I hope you slept well last night and are enjoying your stay!
still meaning to write a blog post about that debacle.
it's my birthday !
We haven't  great idea.
Have a link to a full list of greek organizations?
I Can Live With That!
They don't show up with the classmates when you don't include the EBUS118 hash
Digital literacy training such as mousing flash training useful for public libraries and more
I'm going to do a compilation project and showcase the talent that I'm fortunate to come across from other artists.
im full.
ThingsNotTodoAfter Abreakup do not, repeat do not do the silent thingie the dumb broad does in that phone plan commercial!
Exactly.
RT : Video is the most compelling content out there...so why do marketers think about it last?
SSWine Fabulous times at the Sonoma Summit this week!
Highlights: Iron Somm Challenge, Hirsch Pinots, top tier Zin flight
Getting some fabulous submissions for our summer issue!
Thanks guys!
:
But yeah i have no idea how to help you choose where to go lol!
I think you'll find the right place though
omg, I SAW THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
3
Partnered with Jessica Turral, another Fellow, to put in a garden with youth at the city Detention Center.
Pics at baltimorecitysprouts.org.
Work is never done still up mixing this song
WHAT IS AIR!????
I JUST SAW THE GIRLSTALKIN BOUT VIDEO!!!

finah get log off n finish watchinq major panye wit my babye sister.....
thanks3 but u  ukw were so so so so cute tonight!
Like it was adorbs
Wired.com gave me goosebumps.
HMU IF YOU NEED TATS!!
:
It May Be that those who Do Most, doctoram Most Stephen Leacock
Not even doctorke?
Cold
Hurray!
RT: Finally seeing my best friend tonight!
haha well I'd like to think that but who knows....
its up to and Dan himself
If you say so Cam , the only thing good about a peanut is peanut butter lol
Oh my lord.
No good.
if Austin comes back to Texas during the Summer , To hang out with the Crew..
I would track him down,  Meet him before he leaves again !
Js
questionsthatanswerthemselves RT why does spotify screw me over whenever i want to listen to lady gaga
I'M TRYING TO WATCH RHOA!!!
Hubs is on iPad2, son is on iPad...there's a LOT going on!
awww that just made me smile so huge!
miss you too let's do dinner next time you're in the city.
Bobbleheads and the darkside of baseball promos
did you do the homeworkk?
i dont get how to do 4 and 5!
you are awesome
I 3 twofaced bitches!
NOT.
who is mistreating you, im kevy king ill kick anyones ass for you.
you okay?
Congratulations !
DM us with UR info  we'll send U UR FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie!
WMYB  One Thing have been constantly playing on the radio a lot.
Direction Infection has spread in the radio.
Democracy is neither invincible nor a destination ....
SAT word of the day: modicum a small amount of something
i love you too :
aaawwww, look at that wittle cutesy face :
Sorry for the silence...thinking about how to create value for Austin via OpenAustin.org and how to provide affordable health care to Am ...
Anyone else ever look up suddenly and realize that every picture on the wall is tilted just slightly to the left?
isitjustme?
Wish you all these good things in the new year.
If you have balls hanging from your truck I will automatically assume you are a douche.
Off in search of a proper British breakfast then a walk along the south bank of the Thames with the Tate Modern as our destination.
Its not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
happy Sunday!
I did!!
Still celebrating my bday today!
Couldn't sleep  ordered 2 med pizzaswings.
Honestly, new garlic crust is badass.
Great work focusing on quality  brand revival!
Yes, absolutely.
Was going to contact you tomorrow.
Just got out of a meeting w/a brewing client's money guy...
lots to speak about.
How's everyone doing on this fine summer day?
Job Tip: Trade, No Pay, Testing, Interning, etc; whatever you call it; can become expensive.
So make sure it is worth your time.
i wasted almost 5 years of my life on you.
i will no longer cry for you.
And the rout is on!!!
Lmboo just got kicked out the studio by !!
Hilarious!!!!
Free session with Coach Mike?!
Damn, peace out Shane...
all this talk about Doan being a great guy as he piles up a body count with illegal hits.
You got me at cold Yuengling!
A great local perk.
Welcome home to Philly.
Hey TAAP Fans!
What would you like to see on our upcoming shows?
FDA advisory panel backs Arena Pharmaceuticals' weight loss doctorg with a vote of 184
Monographs are emotional.
The stakes are very high.
heard that you are coming to Seattle!
have a nice comfy aerobed that you can crash on for a few days :
And you did the same to my day:
just a thought: the beer detail page, seeing more of my friends activity/ranking of that beer would be awesome!
friends  public
happy for you!
It is overrated and for weak minded fools like yourself.
the Exorcism of Emily Rose.
So good!
iCloud is still confusing/annoying...
I bought an album...
why the fuck is it not in my library...
Thank you!
That's what we are here for :
It's easier being rich ,not hungry ,cars work,medical in place,warmcool,got gas,job,respect Much,Much better than being poor.
UNRAVEl
Dang right!
I need a Kindle.
You too!
Will say hello to Bay Area for you.
Mocking confirmed.
He walked by and said keep going
Holiday Bazaar is coming soon!
I hope to see some Eugene faces at the Fifth Street Public Market!
Starts Nov20th.
How to Cook Everything: For the Home Cook, Making a Better Pizza  How to Cook Everything
Welp...
goodbye to my weekend....
that's awesome!
bandsilove Senses Fail!
that doesn't mean you should be on it
its still LotKen to the end
Colonel Sanders?
Anyone up for a DWTS Exp chat for the finale?
Should be some good marketing!
See you soon to talk about budget cuts to public safety.
Tune in at 6:40...
Remarkably good reflexes by Nalby there after the letcord at close range.
I recognized that a long time ago
It's definitely not easy to do in all instances it's a necessity!
If you can get it, Cox has selfinstall.
AND you can go to their cool store in Kingstowne to get all the equipment.
Happy Halloween!
Fave Halloween reading: Irving's Legend of Sleeping Hollow
I can doctorve by myself!!
Yay.
CALIXTRO creates stunning art for all your company's marketing needs.
www.michaelcalixtro.com
It's like people are in a contest to see just how awkward they can pose for their engagement pictures.
Katy Perry spotted with Robert Ackroyd of Florence  the Machine at Coachella
hadn't even heard of it.
Love the original story: after a programmer's toddler daughter tripped it twice in one day
Real Life Pirates: Not as cool you'd think.
Perhaps I met the wrong bunch.
Nice!
Thanks
Thx for tweeting about our event on Sunday  will we see you there?
that Francois Hollande ad is MAJOR!
le plus, le plus!
Haha!
I know!
Its so true.
Lady A'ers are the best!
:
My mother could kick your mother's ass at sudoku.
RT: : RT : Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words.
St.
Francis of Assisi
Well, judging by the beat reporter tweets, I can go to bed.
Well done , I can get a full nights sleep.
Cocaine's a helluva doctorg.
cool I'll hit you up beccuh:
What did Indiana do today?
Did I miss it?
My rapper name is appa juice.
'You down with a.p.p?'  'Appers delight' on debut album
Let me know if you find one!
BEAT L.A.
TebowGotTradedFor a dinner buffet for Rex Ryan
My roommates and I are eagerly awaiting 9pm.
Yep we're losers.
LOL
Netflix Starts a PAC.
Will It Lobby For a New SOPA?
Omg I fit into my jeans again.
Thank you a month of working out.
Annie may be coming back.
I just got a very interesting offer from Core of Destruction radio.
:
and thanks!
what are the set times for the nye party?
What are some of your favorite locations in Naperville to eat, shop, and have a good time?
Dublin 2010 Summer Deadline TODAY!
Bring application materials to Erin Palmer in room 6 Annenberg Hall.
.
tweetswrites...FF  enjoy yr night.
She'll HuffPo  HuffBlow this science house down.W/ she ain't no clown!
I bird shit on me today.
Along with everybody else.
doesn't know which is more exciting...the new desk chair or all the bubble wrap surrounding it :D
Going w/my sister to hear interviewed by I Love the Los Angeles Public Library!
We got that scrappy bunch of cubs to tame for a glorious milestone!
Leggoo Arsenal C'mon RVP  write urself it to them record books
CanIBeHonestWithYou...I think I like you...
: awww no ones following : !!!
Im following!3:D
Poor thing.
Thinking good thoughts her way!
Maddow totally kicked ass 2nite.
Told Koch bros 2 man updebate her face2facedon't go after her producer thru daddy's co.Grow a pair Koch
A BIG shout out to Chicago's own Maurice Brown on the Grammy nod!
Congratulations!
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
RIPANGEL I will pray for you333
That's easy.
People look at me and think, What a great husband/boyfriend/pervert.
awww but that's what makes it interesting!!
You..are not, not going home, at some point...but not tonight.
Take a seat.
I kinda think it's too soon to be depicting him in a movie anyway.
but just so we're clear, when babies don't develop/behave like angels, it has nothing to do with parents.
So after last nights show, I think I'll make being a rockstar my main gig.
Yeah...
sounds good.
Thanks for the tweet about our learning management system in your directory.
Time to play doctorss up Sherman Sherman Sherman!
To Brooks Brothers we go to get suited for the ball!
God i hope my wicked step mom lets me go
she's super pretty too .' xD
Sup Sexy Fuckers!
If likes fangirls, then he'll love me forever 3 :
oh no!
Well please stay away from bridges tomorrow: I wanted to see you Wednesday ya know..
mine were not that great, but I almost gave the great leader Kim Jung Un and his brother a ride in LA.
Those don't come with it, with all the added Jim thinks is comes to around 13K.
Don't forget to go VOTE today for the TN primaries!
Somebody's gunna miss you, Somebody's is gunna wish that you were here, and that somebody's me.
I'm never doctornking again.
jealous.
Have a blast man!
Good evening!
Hope all is well ...
long stretch yet to go here in Philly until the end of the year.
q2 libchat is this something everyone wants or are there going to be colleagues with an antidigital agenda?
More white stuff on the waywe love it here on Chardon Square!
Visit the snow capitol and join us for a beer!
right?
they are getting free room and board.
the least they could do is pick up.
From the keynote ...
Education is sharing.
get money
Guess its mee and paranormal state for the rest of the night!
The library will be open today from 12 pm to 5 pm.
Get ready for the week!
Where is everyone beautiful?In the dark.
Accident at Monona doctorve  Broadway.
Right lane closed WB Broadway.
Ben Sheets
Here comes the rain again!!!!
All Scooters rented throughout the Months of August and September will have a complimentary rain poncho.....
Should you see Candide, which opens Friday?
Beautiful singing and enough pathos to make you feel better about your own woes.
so glad we got to meet and hang out.
I'm sorry i wasn't for longer, but hopefully we see each other soon!
u already know bruh one step closer to going overseas
Morning Twitters 
please DM acct or phonezip.
i'll get this scheduled for you
My BookRestorer Knowledge has been successfully passed on with as little pain as possible.
4page outline helped.
Peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat!
First time at Italian Pizza Pub.
Had such a great night at IGNITION!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
We all partied pretty hardas always!
I'd give anything for there not to be school tomorrow .
oscarrealtime so r brit films in international category or no?
They do have the baftas
Dear Syracuse: It is too hot.
Please fix.
Thanks.
Love, Suzy.
You've changed No actually I think the proper term is I've stopped trying to please you.
Now playing: Electro Love Boliyaan by
Fair warning: at 4 o'clock I'm calling it 5 o'clock somewhere.
i love your voice!!
We can work together for my next track if you want!!!
I really need a nice vocal and u are perfect for me!
I'm so freaking excited!!!
here I come.
I'm still not quite sure what the story was about, though.
The trees help a lot.
Nature has a calming effect.
Post rain it smells good.
n sounds good.
V soothing
I cried : it was so sad .
SometimesAllAGirlWants a guy that actually admits his mistakes as much as she would.
miss u babe!
Win a Dark Shadows Prize Pack!
reply Now!
using BlackBerry messanger Dowhat you're told and watch aots
At North Star Mall
what kinda paper?
Hey fellow foodie bloggers, tweeters and chefs  what Pittsburgh restaurants should we be following on here but aren't?
Let us know!
The One Thing The Media Isn39;t Telling You About The Blind Chinese Activist
beautiful pic..
great job on golden globes last night :
Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski was a limited participant in Thursday's practice.
Today is National TellAStoryDay.
Tweet us your best Diversity stories using the hashtag: CulturalUnity!
Cloudy day  time to brew.
Think its time for an American wheat with some orange peel.
I've been tweeting just at times you haven't!
can i watch the previous episodes online
John Haught addoctorssing Vatican II's Call to Holiness with To Men and Women of Science lecture right now
Yeah alright!
RT : lol i wouldnt be so sure if i were you jk
Just booked a flight to Seattle for June.
So stoked!
Littering and littering and littering and smoking da reefer superTroopers lol
oh haha I thought you were completely done!
Well youre almost there :
disagree...always gives a team a chance to stay in the game...
I still feel like I'm 15....
TGIF!!
We are ready for a wknd filled with FUN!
Restoration Shop Tour, Train Ride to Mt.Clare, Holiday Photo Shoots and MORE!
Series finale of Desperate Housewives.
Sad times.
Come play today's noon tournament.
140 buy in, great deal for your money!
Register until 1:40 pm.
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
Haha, thats good, and same thanks:D
Home now, but still working.
Ready for a real weekend.
Maybe one day....
Today is the start of teacher appreciation week.
Educators, we appreciate you and everything you do!
I just did :
poe pumpingover everything
DIViSION CHAMPS girlfriend woooot
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME
Im bored and im off work what to do?
Can't sleep....I'm glad I don't have any conference calls in the morning!
We are each gifted in a unique and important way.
It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light.
Mary Dunbar
Agreed.
All around bad.
i see where you been at tho?
you always figure out a way to be lowkey on me.
lol we were w/claude but we all knocked out.
Anyways, kadeem knows i love him.
Phew!
Give audience time for important pauses, to let their imagination work.
Relate to their own experiences.
Just picture yourself at the beach and it will help pass the time :
Tomorrow is Friday and I'm staying out the way once again
was gone for a minute, now im back :
So, with that twitter break is over, and back to work.
wonder what doctorw Pearson thought of that hit on Napoli?
Prob an illegal hit in NFL  Napoli would be out of w/concuss precaution!
To keep fat from splattering just put a dash of salt in the frying pan.
I'm hitting Starbucks after my last liveshot.
You should go follow right now!
Why?
Because they follow everyone back!
All the IU fans can say whatever they want, look who's 1!
Thanks for the follow Hows your day?
that would be so awsome, i deffantly need to get away from colorado for a few days :
AAHHH.
Love is in the air...
BIG TIME.
;
Are you excited about Final Perk on December 14?
Hi I'm at come hop on over.
I ask, could DowntonAbbey be any better written, any better produced or any better cast than it is?
Thoroughly wonderful.
I'm not a playmate but I'd def be a claymate.
Not for Clay, but for claymation....
Nvm.
Happy Easter everyone!
will you be modeling?
you're traveling around the sun faster at night than during the day, and around the galaxy faster when the sun is in Sagittarius.
we have a couple of those in stock.
Glad to be back at Chicago !
Man, I missed this place so much 3
Check out Mariana's introduction to Record Store Day week over !
We've got all kinds of cool stuff going on!
I'm interested in any article with UX  Research in the title.
Finna get up
Nathan is EXCITED and on a mission...said he'll see you in 2025!!!
Oh and I lied.
today was fine weather wise.
Tomorrow though, isn't.
there's supposed to be a wind chill warning of 29 degrees!
ouch!!
sorry if i asked this before, but I'm curious, would you say you are a tough college instructor?
Anybody in SF at today?
Any movies worth checking out?
Soon i might post things on tumblr.
Congrats on the tweet ya just got :
I just heard that as well.
I am really hoping the weather people are all wrong!
Makeup 50/50 call for possession after blowing the up  down, leads to Bradley 3pointer.
lmao !
You know I'm just kidding :
I bet!
It's a great feeling!
:
trying to figure out how to summarize the conference for a trip report.
off to clinic for ear ache.
At Least I'm Not As Sad.
has put up with me for two years.
Couldn't do all the diving I do without her support.
Four years after library school I am still going to meetings where folks talk about getting hip to social media
No problem,thanks right back.
Dude funny af!!!
3/90min massages and 7 personal training sessions.
Whew!
Great day!
I love all our clients and love what we do!
haha...i totally agree with u.
He is better off as an actor.
Unfit in politics.

LOL!
Girlfriend you can do it:
I think I'm writing a textbook.
What's new dude????
Headed home from animal kingdom it was a great day
what's your favorite Brewers moment?
heart you more!!
Be careful doctorving.
RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Amazing performance last night, was great talking to you
i had to watch that 3 times.
No, you're not.
I love strawberry, and sometimes I get the rainbow twists.
Who knew that jazz would grow from its beginnings in David Lee Roth's Just a Gigolo to become a worldwide phenomenon?
Way to put her in place J Lauranitis..
I cant stand her..RT : Someone cue...
StandByYourMan for Eve
What is a really good song???
Besides a Bruno song??
RT : BeachVB world tour starts today  great preseason..
PepsiCo Aims to Bring Urban Cool to Mountain Dew Image: Retail
first time at their brunch.
Good bloody's...
Don't get in the habit of making excuses, or you'll be doing it for the rest of your life.
Ew they playing this old justin bieber song at the gym..
times square :
Is anyone working with a cowriter?
How did you find them?
Have your songs improved since finding them?
Consulting on a jury selection this week, then back to Seattle for more witness prep.
That kind of life is most happy which affords us most opportunities of gaining our own esteem.
Samuel Johnson
To app or not to app?
Ahh haa!
All those platforms...Washington research library consortium chose pages rather than an app.
For the coolest kidfriendly fun in SanDiego, FF to
you know I love you right?
lol
Just sent a second email to get help with getting registered on the site.
No response on the first one.
Li'l help, please?
lmaoo yess!!
we need to improve that though a lot!
I think I'm good to go now!
Need to get off the phone and ck for the icon/functionality of it.
I added from online.
The New York Knicks have turned into the NewYorkBricks today.
n lemme know when yur free?
why not?!
very creative!
Interesting take on Mickey; Marilyn would have probably loved it?
Thanks for letting us know.
We'll make sure that shelter gets repaired.
Incredibly happy to have received a scholarship from Great news just as I'm about to leave for a journalism convention.
Also, thanks to for tweeting!
study long study wrong
I'm not excited I better wake up with a surprise lmaoo
Hey tweeps!
Many of you should follow and read his Friday Grammar Lesson tweets.
I don't think I've ever seen such an exuberant celebration of big gov't and government dependency than the Life of
RT : We're Growing FAST  Time to Hire!
Wanted: FullTime, experienced Joomla Web Developer.
Message me for more info
CRM integration is better left up to plugins
so i listened and think its pretty good
Oh no worries, just watching the Boyfriend video...
what happened to Justin's voice?
sticking bernalside today  thanks for the heads 
are you depressed or something??
Susie and I are Wii bowling.
Maybe it's just me, but the dot Net open source landscape beyond mono and the Iron languages seems kind of sparse.
ur so swett wish i can go out wit u....but u wanna go ut ....ur single...plzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplz
Pretty sure regularly trading peacefully with strangers unrelated by clan or peonage made traditional marriage moot 500 years ago.
my biggest issue is setting the right stop...
Audition Tip: A bar isn't a measure of time, so 16 bars equals 3545 secs.
Unless they're being literal, which is dumb.
No matter how vital and urgent an enterprise may be, it is best advanced by composure.
Manly P.
Hall
ahaha!
Just so you know I'm being sarcastic I'm not that Into cats.
Lol
It's a beautiful friday morning, hope your all making the most of it!
I'm like the wind blowing noise
if you say so retard.
Back to the sandbox.
You've gotta know you've made an impact when people r complaining there's too much witnessing going on in a school.
I do what I can, and what I can is hella fun
Only 40 minutes until we start our 1/2 price bottles of wine!
Stop by and get classy with us tonight.
ItsCuteWhen has a live chat c:
all I have is a tumblr!
But I'm thinking of making one this summer :
my butt is so sore.
stupid bicycle seat.
fun day though!
Dark Summer Dawn time!
We rock at 11:30 and it's JR's birthday!
Come down to Red Eyed Fly!
BOOM!
getschman Too much text?
Tempts you to read.
Breaks your natural flow.
Distracts eye contact.
EPP will be at Shidler College of Business in Honolulu on Thursday for the Career Expo!
Now accepting intern applications.
Stop by  say hi!
Let me tell you student loans is worst then marriage...at least if shit don't work out divorce is an option.
Retweet if you wanna text?:
Ppl only hear what they want to hear.
It makes me chuckle :
PickUpLine: Hello.
I have sex on the first date.
Do you?
Yao Ming has retired...the great wall has finally crumbled.
Take time and share the gift of dance this holiday season!
www.allegrodancecompany.net Classesshowsworkshops!
thanks Jerry!
my 2 of 2011 was The Tree of Life.
But doctorve is pretty great!
I need to relax more
NO!
I have had the regular minis, though.
dangerous  they are way to easy to eat sans wrappers.
And now ...
Josh Beckett.
R Why no behind the scenes doc on the new CS Lewis DVD?
The producers figured it was Narnia business
NOTE: HRResourcePortal.com is interested in your business!
LOW LOW RATES to advertise your services globally.
add me I send a direct message
Brewers.
4 games.
4 days.
Make those playoff tickets more than a curio.
love u to
wait do i have to have a paypal account?!
I'm in love with a stripper.
I'm all ready for u to flash some gang signs u give the thumb
Everyone in ElDorado, Wichita be safe.
Headed to you.
Is anyone around Santa monica today like around 2?
I need someone to sign for my mail order bride.
Happy birthday one day late:
It sucks how people that say they love you so much can leave you so easily
Yeah...I heard what his punk ass said....lol
that's awesome!
Haha!
I got a good friend thats trying to get this club he going have on thursday nite jumping.
You came to mind.
You can go ahead and forward that along to ; bhahaha
Will have to get to work on catalog and model touchups next week!
; Plus we are getting our house ready for house warming party
just watched dance  I miss you!
SORRY!!!
GOD U WANT ME TO THROW UP ON U???
Church at Chapel Hill at Surrendered Movie premiere!
Love 80 degree weather :
praying please keep me posted.
Anyone who knows me well knows how I love Monkees...
and Davy Jones was def one of my favorite...
R.I.P.
True!
And when it's 12 degrees here in winter and you're holding on to the gas lever.
MA is only state I've not seen them.
We'll be bringing an award winning, nationally recognized, Idahobased media relations professorssional to the SoMe world soon!
ahahahahha!!!!!
We flipped the script!
More music for me these days...
More muscles  veins for you!!
Pffffffffff
The number one rule about stuffabus is we don't talk about stuffabus...I will be checking in with Blaine  Allyson from 6a10a
I like the Pacers, but whining about physical play and postgame comments shows they don't know what the playoffs are about.
The fans either
Duh I know who you are!
The Breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you.
Dont go back to sleep.
Rumi
In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer.
Got a call from tech; says they are up a pole installing new line.
I have been suggesting that since 2006!!!
Believe it.
Its cool my parents are trying to make my life a living hell, I didn't wanna try to be independent  do my own thing anyway 
No iPad, but I have been using my mom's castoff iPod Touch a bit.
princess of china starts of really slowly 2 months later OMG I LOVE THAT SONG no gtfo.
Todo: write a blog post about my grading system in lit classes, and how it's evolved.
my eyelids are getting heavy
Xiaotong wu, how i love you, let me count the ways
First energy doctornk  NOS.
Ready to take on world...
to give it flyers.
Meditation techniques failing but no jitters, no crash, great taste.
: I bet.
That's your thing.
Almost lunchtime here...
hm tap tap...
I just realized there is a guy who changed his name to Metta World Peace.
EXACTLY.
It doesn't help that tonight I'm going to see Lady Gaga.
I'm ready for a dance party but MUST FOCUS.
an officer pulls u over for speeding  says, I waited all night for someone like u.
u reply, well officer i hurried as fast as i could.
Local news is saying suspect apparently taken down by a group of elderly ladies after shooting
lol.
someone to help you guide?
:P
You haven't lived until you've seen 2 police cruisers burst out of the fog to break up your 5am kickball game.
Delusional much?
Recalls are written into Wisc.
State Constitution.
Don't flatter yourself honey  : RT : YOU'RE A STAR!
no I'm not stop playin 
Just did a Google search for a colleague with the last name Grind.
Wow.
That is a LOT of lesbian porn.
Unexpected microadventure today.
Flew to Chicago and back to DC in one day...and boy are my arms killing me.
Too much good tweeting to followI end up ignoring all of it.
Regretfully culling list.
It's not you, it's me!
omg I wanna get my back done too...I just wanna get my spine I know it's gonna hurt though
office working online....
i need help!!
This is how we do it...
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one...
I want a simpler one haha 
Good morning twitterbugs!
I hope everyone has a blessed day.
Im feeling great!
Nothing like waking up to !
Xoxo
I challenge U 2 a debate.
U can prove 2 me that schools are failing.
That poverty isn't the problem.
Maybe greed?
ALEC?
Wabisabi: the Beauty of Imperfection, 5 minute Ignitestyle talk.
Rachel Nabors,
I'd completely freak out if tweeted me out of the blue.
The twin task of personal authenticity  finding a mature spirituality are mysteriously linked.
findingmeagain:a journey to an auth life.
The Coyote's stickchecking is off the charts good!
Great at breaking up plays
I don't give two shits to what people say :
I've uploaded a short excerpt from Redemption.
Click on the AuthorPage link above to check it out.
Virginia Beach busty independent escorts in Virginia Beach  United States on escort directory
: Let Us Play StandUnited freebasketball Listen to The Beard for he is wise.
It's at times like this , I cherish my life so much , 
Seven years ago today, I met my best friend and love of my life,
great!
There 4 a minute I thought if u don't know what a BBN meant or a 8thbanner u was duff not a wildcat!
I fully agree!
RT: We got a few minutes of JayZ in the pregame montage, and you know he should have done the half time show.
Currently experiencing one of those moments where I've been busy all day and have just hit the wall, but know I should keep going and can't.
do you actually know Spanish or is it just phony Spanish?
Hahaha.
Tweet for an autographed copy of Official Rules to Being Single
At the gym getting big with my bro
If you're looking for a good read, Carrie Nyman's new book, Why aren't You Sweet Like Me, was just released.
Wonderful.
all this religious talk on my tl..
i realize im the worst catholic ever so i won't join in
Assistant teaching this fifth grade art class right now.
Kids are so crazy.
welp, now I sound stupid lol
let the countdown begin ; 8 days!
ZBo is a GREAT offensive rebounder!
Wow.
So physical
And just like that, game is tied 66 on a 5th error by St.
Xavier.
Uncharacteristic of Tigers to be throwing ball around field like this.
just made us dinner w/ but is nowhere to be found!
Forgot to watch Badgirlsclub , gonna watch it now .
1983.
1000s of Ghanaians expelled from Nigeria.
They packed their belongings in cheap bags that were then named
Good morning!!
Please hit my pic below and go to the website to like my pics!
Xo
When 's tweets pop up, am I the only one that thinks: When did I start following Bradley Cooper?
Denver Post Rockies beat writer Troy Renck joins The Score at 8:05 AM.
Check it out at AM1510.
Have a ?
for Troy?
call us at 3032971510
doctorving your tractor to walmart
Had a good dinner recently at Belvedere Inn in Lancaster.
Great cocktails too  if you're in to that sort of thing.
All the best
Just found out my cousin has a bf.
ahahaha she's 7.
Don't try an tell me that's not fucked up.
see you should listen to me when i whine, i mean, think strategically.
Found an empty beer can!
Only 199,999 more and we've got our funding for
By the 4 th of 5th room u paint you should catch on?????
Kindergartenpaintjob
You are more than welcome..
such a beautiful woman inside and out:
RT : iste11 Explore our AMAZING host city of Brotherly Love!
Take the Philly by Land and Sea tour on Tuesday June 28!
Thanks so much!
We are very proud and honored!
Beat the Black Friday traffic and take South Bay Expressway to the Otay Ranch Town Center!
agreed.
I was blessed with HUGE legs naturally, so it's always been my fav too.
Especially since so many other ignore their legs.
i accidentally washed my ipod in the washing machine, it took a little while to restore, but it is working!!!
crazy stuff
Ehh its not too bad for me.
but for other girls..it must be crazy
They just read your tweet on the livestream.
:
Just tapped Great Divide Oaked Aged Yeti Imperial Stout.
What's goin on my Philly FAM!!!!
Screw you old man!
However I do have tix to Roger Waters The Wall in a month!
cool, hit you when we get back to LA
Gonna give in and start cardio today.
I hate cardio!!!
LOL JK if they give me the work its their responsibility to grade it.
Payphone on repeat
I think Tom Norris should Rejoin :
now following FB?
yes definitely 
: Trust in the LORD with all your heart  lean not on your own understanding  he will make your paths straight.
Pv 3:56
Hamels plunked him to show who's boss.
And unfortunately for him, Harper did.
doctorpping by to say hi.
Long time fan who had you sign an autograph at the beginning.
you said I hate the Rachel.
lol
Good luck on the decision !
and have made it difficult.
BABY!!!!
I didn't know you felt the same way!!
ME  YOU  BEdoctorOM!!
NOOWWWW!!
ahaha ; letsgetiton allhomo :
chinese symbols make sweet tats.
Back to tweeting from XMLmeeting.
Flavio Zeni of Kenya speaking on taking ICT to the next level.
in ref.
to task analysis.
I use it to illustrate shaping: the number of steps needed to learn an everyday task.
suggestions anyone?
RT : yo, I'm going to DC for the black theater fest this weekend.
Any place we should go party?
can't speak to Seattle much but I live in Portland and love it.
Depends what you are looking for I guess
Traffic sucks on I40...
my throat hurts so bad ugh
Ha!
Pucker up Legolas.
Avengers LOVED IT!
I wanna see it again!
Atlantans  pick up a copy of this month's for an article on us called Writing History.
Domestic violence should be stopped.
We should come together
are you closing tonight?
KidExerciser created a device that, when paired with a kid's bike, controls sthe TV.
Kids pedal to watch TV.
Promotes kids' fitness.
lol just waking up
We are looking for a professorssional server/bartender that thinks they are fun enough to join our staff!
Please apply at The Eatery.
I need to find an anchor shirt!!
what's trademarked??
not RNS lol
That is also very true.
Anyone have a good recipe for eggnog cheesecake?
Why is it so hard to find?
Now I want it even more!
I don't like you at all...
Ok, looks like you are a step ahead of me.
Thx a lot for the RT , we also have cell phone collection boxes at all Goodwill Austin retail locations
: how goes the biggest loser competition?
Down a couple lb's but eating/working out HARD.
Caring mostly about bf.
txt me lol
Throwback rap songs tonight
There are people all around me and still I fell alone
Grades almost in, I
HOA may be sued in Trayvon Martin case  Abc Local Web Found on Bing
caseyanthony defense ironically argues prosecution is sea of lies, and it worked!
What a waste, could have stopped at opening argument.
Making plans for hosting a delegation from a college in Wisconsin coming down to see my lab on 4/18.
I'm working on a new doctorm cover which is Battery by Metallica.
Should have it done tonight or tomorrow.
Thanks for the support!
im LOVED 333
My grandma is here making her own remix of Same Damn Time Talkin about in the kitchen cookin greens  cornbread at the same damn time 
just met Jack Johnson, the musician, and he asked if i knew about nature deficit disorder!!!
Thanks for the mentions guys I think this wysiwyg tool is going to get very popular
Money comes and goes but family is forever
Life is too short to write people off because of stylistic differences lol
How bout playing the new SWEATERS 7 inch?
SO good!
The fun doesnt stop, even when you sail into port!
Shore excursion adventures are available when youre not performing.
If i'm racist to everyone i'm just mean Chris Willmott
I love Morris Day and the Time.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Calipari won the sec 2 of three years and potentially sec tournament all 3 years.
If he doesn't win COY something's wrong
Come to Poland!
Finalizing Incredible Girl Music with Aaron  Aurora.
What a journey.
Killer sound.
3rd pass edit you belong to me now!
U Ok
Tim Allen is having the best Voice Over career...ever.
I want to transition from headstands to handstands but I just can't find the missing link
grandmas for the night.
:
...and they gave no heads up to any of us that they were closing for the day
aawww!
im so glad i made you happy!
i love this type of feeling!
goodnight!
and i hope i made your day!
:
quince tonight : on my way.
.
when and doctorpped that mixtape outta nowhere ...
it changes the game forever.
that shock value was priceless
All I do is play guitar...
My little cousin was sent to give my neighbors a plate of food, and this nigga charged him five dollars for the plate!
Lmfao!
im sorry!
Hope your day gets better!
Surprised you didn't have a tweet about Brandon Lloyd from Friday's show.
Very well spoken, knowledgable.
Surprised.
Rest In Peace MCA You will never be forgotten!
Knowing how to ask the right questions at the right time is both a skill and a gift and can bring great results to the one answering them.
RT : The composer John Adams, whose music I listen to obsessively while writing, has a very cool blog.
and you're a very beautiful girl :
hahah my sister and I were just talking about you
Made the mistake of throwing the Catch Phrase in a box of books and it's making a tiny beeping sound once every 15 minutes.
You love science, ever read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near?
Debating if I should go see Maxwell tonight with friends or go and make some money ...
MORE signs do not solve problems.
Pointing something out doesn't fix it, only adds clutter.
Fix your issues; don't just add to them
Great choice  thanks for stopping in!
The best makeup Demi could wear is a smile.
Her best jewelry is modesty.
And her best clothing she wears is confidence.
I have a pounding headache and chills I been sleeping over a half day
history repeats itself im an OF soldier!
Take a pic next time and share.
RT : The crazy things you see doctorving down 38th Street...
The picture is the roundabout at the West Portal Elementary School
Hi where is my gift card?!
food truck lunch FTW u guys
your exactly right, all other things in life will come and go but at the end of the day your family is always gonna be there
your stupid?
You dmed me and tweeted me I haven't been on for a while
GTS: This ones for you  me , living out our doctorams.
We're all right where we should be.
With my arm out wide, I open my eyes....
RT : I'm good...we had dinner on the deck/The deck of your boat?
HaHa!
I bet you wish!
Sounds nice Great weather
Maybe you can call in Sick, then bring it to the Crib and get all this ...
I may be ugly but they sure love to stare
I feel a little better about my incompetent run yesterday then!
hopefully I'll be home in July
Introducing Whisk Reputation.
Yelp feedback management and more.Would you be interested in receiving more information?
you ruined the noodles.
the article in magazine  amaze!!
Thank you for being our 4,000th Follower!
:
Tomorrow is the start of a week of discounts!
Each day there will be a great product with an even greater discount!
I am doctornking my 2 shakes a day and working out.
Also joined a challenge group
Ran across a website: strongfathers.com; check it out.
My book discusses the positive effects of such in the home and school
I just submitted my application for the Board of Directors Media Committee Chair position.
Here's to hoping for the best!
Putting students in stuffy trailers.
.
.
.and where is the gazillion dollars of lottery money going?
I suppose that's some consolation...
but still!
:
nutella is heavenly during rough timess
o girl my weave itch ...
pat pat pat pat hhaha rollin on the floor
RT : : It sound like did it again ....good work to err body puttin in work
It doesn't involve Charles Barkley chained up as Whodini does it?
its true doe delusion must stop.
lbj now become a decoy for last 2nd.
teams kno this
Vodka numbs the throat !
haha :
Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score
that may be debatable since they have the largest app and music stores.
But knowing user data is not a requirement.
Engagement is.
My pleasure.
Now, gimme good content!
;P
i cant find an advisory snapback anywhere
It was fantastic!
I feel all warm and happy inside.
:
HEY!
That reminds me  a certain liveaction TACO didn't walk past my desk on Monday as promised...
OWIF: We value freedom for all, except for our sworn enemies, the Frogressives.
yes/no?
Their 'low Eb' has a picture with a design of a 'low C' BClar...call them and their are not sure how to clear up.
:/
tend to see attempts at intersectionality as weakening feminism.
As if we can talk about all wmn w/o talking other oppressions.
why do people make fake pages of famous people 
zbo does make the same lol.
His contract is just a year shorter.
And part of Rudy's problem is correct play calling.
We need
: another great workout!
Ready for the weekend!Awesome job!
Keep killing it!
Can only bring good things!
you're hilarious
RT : SAN ANTONIO: Want to see advance screening of doctorma/comedy PeopleLikeUs 5/17?
Fist 20 DM name  addoctorss get a pass.
Hurry!
keepin it reel
2011in3words....
two thousand eleven
Many areas to apply this advice.
Thanks RT : Partner, but lead.
text me slut3
Elway loses 15M in ponzi scheme along with other investors.
But wants to go to head of line to get some  back...it's 4th and long !!!!
you don't.
I guess ur just lame then
No matter how angry I am at a significant other I would never in my life yell at them in public
ur tweets r for real
Insane cabbie tells me he hates chatty passengers, proceeds to talk about his job at Red Lobster, his emotional problems for 65 blocks
Heck of a sports night
Good Morning World Wide Weberverse!
Listing new items today stay tuned!
How is everyone?
Interesting to see which companies have their Google pages up and running.
And which ones don't.
I hate this nasty weather
Demi Lovato, Charlie Daniels coming to state fair  The State JournalRegister
Yeah, seems to work...
have you used this thing called the Internet yet?
It's awesome.
my man miss my boy
well how in the fuck am I supposed to know?
The boys are doing the fighting  the dying and mothers are giving their all, their most priceless and precious possessions.
have you ever been to Canada?
Just curious since I'm a stones throw from it and the falls.
Does anyone have a NYC half marathon bib that they want to sell?
I'm very interested!!
NYC half marathon
Happy Mother's Day, Mom.
I know we rarely get along, but I love you anyway.
Love his voice!
;
Laying in bed feeling weak kickboxing killed me ASAP
Lame as hell jk!
3day Walking along the San Diego River with 3,600 other friends.
Nothing but dirty bitches in the bad girls club.
smh
Shout to all my moon men
oh, I see now.
I'm playing both sides.
; I shot digi that night, but I did shoot some 120 yesterday.
The headliners have been announced!
Who are you going to see?
HCPs don't want to be providers of mandates from ePatients  they want to be treated as professorssionals first
Obama is so handsome!
If I was one of the ladies from The View I would jump on that d
Another perfect day to be on the grind...
Just if I worked outside :/
Great nap:
RT : Oh shit did just say a senior on a fixed income?
Maggie just put the wine down  said ok, I MIGHT vote...
Definitely will do!
Great premierelove the NOLA dynamic and laughed out loud at all the Native American claims in the barber!
Samsung Galaxy Note acquired.
Giant phone is GIANT.
That does hurt bad!
I love Robert Hurst's playing!
You two together must be a real groovincymbalthrowingmachine!
QoTD: Change your life today.
Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
ha right!
I know that's your team, but even if they somehow caught the Heat, they would have a tough time with the other big dogs.
yourthebest because you a beautiful girl that doesn't need to show of to be recognized
zuluwinter great music
Almost there!
Anything fun planned while you're here?
Nice music on your website!
Thx for the follow.
RT : Chris Paul and Rajon Rondo are the 2 best pure PGs in basketball PERIOD!!!!!
ROWING: Live coverage of Sunday39;s Saratoga Invitational regatta on Fish Creek COVER IT LIVE
thanks for the follow back 
U.S.
demand for tissue ppr up 7.2 U can do digital 4 books but it's hard to do digital with tissue paper, Willis Blevins
We're gonna hook 5 of you football/film fans up with REAL STEEL on BluRay.
Just tell us...
1/2
love you guys too, lol.
joy has a problemo.
Glad we are finally getting our new roof, Glad they finally arrested the man who ripped us off.
Maybe we can get our  back.
When girls love your smile 
Thanks for following!
Great LF12 energy around women, green building, creativity and progress towards a !
Social media etiquette: be nice, be polite, be professorssional iappsummit reminds me of Everything I Need to Know I Learned In Kindergarten..
what a most boring sunday indeed
ILostMyVirginityTo no one yet...but my guy friends think I have because I act freaky sometimes.
;P
Congratulation Ms Maxine Tulloch for being one of the 100 Outstanding Women of Broward County.
Great things comes to those who work hard.
It's those people who are awake that live in a state of constant amazement.
San Antonio: Tstorms between 14pm, few with hail and strong winds.
When im not with you, im thinking bout you
Dear followers: What's your favorite and least favorite Easter candy?
aww I miss you too love  I hope you had a good Friday 
Hi, I'm calling about this product you emailed me about.
Yes?
Well, I'm not interested.
Thank you.
This is the time of year CEOs think of Strategic Planning  make sure the word customer is at least on page 2 if not on page 1
: re: rock metaphor.
That's right.
Otherwise, I just don't want to go downstairs.
I'll deal.
Just need sleep.
I can't sleep.
My room is fucking hot I guess it's time for me to start stripping.
I C's it but I don't believe's it!
Know of any Boston area jobs?
Twitter friend is looking...
what do you mean?
I told him I would be there.
8pm reservations at the Applebees on Main Street in Naples.
Some people doctoram of success .
.
.
while others wake up and work at it.
Unknown
Which one was the 2 seed?
Lovely dovey can kiss ass
oh shut up.
You lame af
are you kidding me?
LMAO yeah that might help!
unfortunately I didn't but luckily it was where I thought it was haha
I once worked with someone who called in VERY frequently.
Here are two of his gems.
I can't come in today because:  I have a bellybut...
Party tonight with alotta my friends, brothers going away party tommorow, and then seeing in Hairspray on Sunday.
Greaat weekend!
Another Twitter Mom Question!
Any good recommendations for a southside / Greenwood area pediatrician?
so much on my mind!
So bummed!
Had an audition for a commercial today, but wasn't able to make it.
First audition in LA I was called to but couldn't go :
I know.
That's what I'm waiting to see too
look for  the collective on facebook
One of your RTs led to a fairly interesting conversation.
I'm not counting on that happening again, though.
Still feeling the impact of last Sun.
PM prayer meeting.
Why do you look for the living among the dead?
I want one of those little blue  white check marks by my name
I wonder which judge will be assigned to each of the Top 3.
Hard day...hard night.
Imma put on a brave face and make it work.
Whatever.
2012 Actors Reel
How You have 2 First Names?
Phillip Phillips!
Like Mike Micheal's and John Johnson
happy passover, good friday and happy earth day...
o:
Off break nd back to wrk.
Hello :P
yes sir working til about 2 am
The old Indian lady at my job is beyond annoying bro.
jasminprobz  RT : Everyone's doctornk but me 
Here we go
Uh flawless plan.
Haha
hello i love A.N.T Farm can you follow me ?
Nope!
RT : Can u have a hint for 2night???
I just got my act scores back.
Looks like I'll be taking it again
whatever.
Your on the couch.
People don't actually like lobster.
They just need an excuse to eat butter in vast amounts.
aw!
My love to Elliott
writers authors amwriting novel Show me yours, I'll show u mine.
23 pages only.
All the time I have to read carefully  comment
sorry for long wait, twitter didn't show me that u mention me like it usual do.
Thx for replying me back
i plan on it!:
MT Supermoon will shine on West Coast at 8:34 p.m.
Saturday ...Maybe it needs to shine on the East coast to help the Yankees...
oh..
my moms done that before.
It really sucks :
Almost everyday I get a confirmation from the universe that I am doing exactly what I should be doing.
Today's was poweful!
Thank You.
Seguin is as Seguin does.
Bruins Caps tied.

At a certain point, I'll be expecting a large, blackgreenyellowandblue badge saying Vim Journeyman.
And now we know the plot for season 2.
I'd not piss off Rumplestitskin.
Ever.
My Napa trip countdowns are at 13 and 35 days.
If only we could keep up once a month jaunts...
Cannot wait
So sleepy.
Don't wanna get out of bed.
But I have a bowtie to wear and a meeting to get to.
The Speaking Empire Live Event is starting in just 20 minutes!
This is going to be an amazing week!
Lot's of WPS to talk on the show Monday as we will have Coach James Galanis of the Atlanta Beat in studio live!
WPS REWEET
Had a great time at the NCPC Conference.
It seems like every time I watch River Monster this nigga catch the same fish
Easy on the throttle, steady on the gears, roll her over gently and she'll last for many years.
People do so much on twitter for attention it's nuts.
Get an outside hobby pot favor.
Jake that's such a unique idea for a column!!
How did you come up with that?!?!
k sorry, and a little late, don't ya think?
U know u don't have to know somebody to follow them right?
Swear we have a racist bus doctorvier playing nothing but rap for us .!
caught your show for the first time this morning.
Love it!
Issue 6 of our print edition comes out Wed!
Stories on humantrafficking, HealthySF, AmericasCup and rankedchoice voting.
Unknown Prophets playing in Brainerd tonight.
Thinking...
I don't know.
My granny is too busy running her mouth to get home from church.
:
Ok cool lets do it, don't know about the 25 wing spot but I can google it  find out
Why people find gauges attractive blows my mind..
With a good book.
Good to meet you.
I'm looking for potential investors to help launch this product, any ideas?
21 ICON FRIDAYS  ICON ULTRA LOUNGE IN DTLA FT.
DJ SCENE!
CARISSA  BDAYS!
FOR LIST:
Boise misses you too.
Come back soon.
You have chosen ...
wisely.
oh we will!
Sitting next to the beer importer, Don Feinberg of Vanberg  Dewulf!
me too both lineup.
i took me a while to learn the new names .
I alway remember slash , duff , steven izzy
RT : oomf tries too hard to be hipster..
face it hydoctorulic fracturing,food preservatives,cell phone waves and a million other things are harmful..but we like the stuff they make
And I wish there was football on...
Jersey Shore looks like a horrifying show
Yamely wants to be black......
k
Tebow316 RT : If you see ole Suggsy tell him to holler at us in 13'.
Hahaha
Kourosh Tazmini feat.
Anda Adam  Can U Feel Love
Miles to/from the Apple store and hours of installing/configing of all my apps, I'm almost recovered from a harddoctorve crash.
BORGIA rehearsals started today, minus Ms.
but just sat in on musical and it's sounding fab already!
Wrote till late last night.
Woke up with face on keyboard.
Little impressions on my cheek from the keys.
Wear it proudly baby!
IT'S BACK!
YES!
How bad is Clint Barmes at the plate?
No need to answer
Well, glad you picked it up, despite how time consuming apple can be!
I am now a man who owns a canoe.
Ponder that one,
Congratulations to the Super Bowl Champs !!!
Follow for all your FIU gear
Thinking before I act, like Steven's mom says I should.
It's so fuckin hard though.
Ugh.
:/
Can't wait to hear!!
RT well the vocals sound so good, if i may say so myself
shitmarkcassidysays come on now man!
Have a great weekend everyone!
And so we kick push, kick push..
I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard at a TV show.
If you are not using your gifts to bless someone,
Can we get Gus Johnson for next year's Masters?
That's of course IF Augusta would allow a black man to call the tourney
I know.
So you know it's funny that more guys are enjoying the new MLP series than girls are
If you have an egg as your professorle picture, or any other object not human, I will not follow you.
I think we should have GayPride day at school this week.
Anybody up for it?:
I STILL can't get over that Man City game yesterday.
gym time suga!!!!
I know a great printer made in the USA!
www.anajet.com
nice to know you stalk me?
lol you don't even follow me so that's pretty creepy.
All of these things have been filed away in boxes bags when I return from playing a concert tour,say, I have never looked at them again.
In brief: Pub waitress accused of theft
Have a blissful day being the best you...
RT : No one with any real sources has reported that Parks  Rec has been canceled.
No one.
Thank you USC alum for coming in and taping an interview for this afternoon!
It was so great meeting you!!
:
Never mind...
comon,you know yo wanna follow
Even speaking as an fan, outright rewarding people to go to physical stores to price check and then buy from them is a dick move.
The bottom line  MT POTUS, and the MSM, would much prefer a discussion of gay marriage to a discussion of the economy.
Belly up and arch your back Well I ain't really falling asleep I'm fading to black DBTs Goddamn Lonely Love The Dirty South
thanks!
We were on there once before in a typography showcase.
I always get excited when our work gets recognized like that.
Catholic League action today  Ashburn vs.
Father Judge 3:45pm.
BP  1:30  Looking for a sweep this week against the boys from Mayfair.
Friends is on Nick?
I feel really old.
If Shabazz picks UCLA like most are predicting we will likely never hear from him again.
My Boi Is About To Go In On This New Ep Called 'The Weigh In' a 10track Free EP On May 15th
and , thanks for the RTs.
I think this year's Ghost Tour is definitely going to be fun!
happy birthday to you:
Nassib to Lemon for another 1st down.
gltrain Is the goal of Gov 2.0 to make citizens' lives easier or better?
Bengals take five on Day 3 of NFL doctorft
No.
Not unless I'm being chased.
But I love distance bike rides.
My favorite, Springfield MO to Eureka Springs AR.
i communicate with you  :
It's high it's deep.
It's outta here 32
It's March 1st!
I'm not sure about whether visualCV being saved is a good or bad thing.
I mean I want them to survive but in a way I want see a new prod.
Good Luck to everyone running the BostonMarathon today!
Excellent see you soon
INTAXICATION : Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with.
CISNC 16,804 North Carolina students left school last year without graduating.
Breaking the statistic www.cisnc.org
Finish the sentence: When I arrive in Hana I feel .
Did you know that a praying mantis has 5 eyes?
Imagine how much it can see!
International music television network MTV will celebrate its annual summer event in Tel Aviv this year.
I found Kevin today!!!!
:D
Hey!
Who are the creators of that Skillery thing?
I'm looking on the site, but don't see it/them any where.
I'd still rather play the original Pacman on an Atari!
In fact, don't tell anyone LOL my husband and I actually have an Atari.
Cheer on the Bulls with our 18 Abita buckets!
We know that the BenchMob will dominate the court!
Thanks for this interesting link.
Hey , let me know if you're looking at getting Wetopia onto mobile!
Your game looks fantastic, great admiration for you!
Dogs are such good people.
I always appreciate a Monday Mention!
:
ME TOO!
In general, the worse the music, the louder it is played.
I 3 Space CowBoys.
I want to go to sxsw just to be able to talk to all my internet friends/contacts in real life.
Next year, next year...
I smell a...
Please don't bring Terron back next season.
That is all...
thanks for joining us.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!
Finish this sentence and you will be our Status Update for the day on Facebook.
Beautiful is...
10 MINUTES  StarshipsVideoOnMTV IM GOING TO FUCKING CRY IM SO EXCITED !
:D 
Wowww!
Maria  Derek killed it!
In a few months ill be able to rent a plane with my brother and go to the keys or other places good to have a brother with a pilot license:
So excited that the Tallahassee Tricksters April Fools Juggling Fest is this weekend.
Good to see folk who can keep all their balls in air.
This Thursday ft lauderdale Hard Rock and casino,me!
Rocco performing at the world famous Improv as your feature act 8pm show!
Thanks for thinking that our set is awesome!
yes it does!
So I can be all hype beast.
Even though it I really am not.
RT URGENT NEED: Looking for an Account Mgr/Project Mgr with Ad Agency experience.
Someone who has worn a lot of agency hats.
Today was a great day.
All I can say is thank you all
your lame
Green Day  Good Riddance
wasn't even that
I agree...
he was way past doctornk.
i love doctornk cena
Getting ready for work
wow!
That was quick.
Hope you're starting to feel a little better.
should be here by next week.
We will be live on Good Day  Fox 4 on Feb 23 starting at 8:40am!
Be sure to mark your calendar!
get a life homes, niggas hackin
RT Bring1DtoSanFran.
Get it trending guys:
second question who did tito beat too win his LHW title and how many times did he defend it
What's up world :D
If tomorrow all the things were gone, Id worked for all my life.
And I had to start again, with just my family and my fight....
Talked to him on the phone .
Realized how much i love him and missed him
So they made a 20 foot musical score set piece?
we might need to let kids connect to the printers.
have 1 free standing for kids bringing their laptops and there's a long queue
Only if you eat it with a runcible spoon.
I hate rest days!
doctorves me nuts!
Lol I love when my dad tries to ground me.
I don't think he fully understands what a 'grounding' is.
u kidding?
You would've made a sailor blush!
Let's hope today doesn't come down to a bad snap...
your just now noticing youve been slacking on your tweeting.
he's doing exactly what he needs to do....
Make management make the difficult decision
is it sad that i actually thought about that once?
CARS Pick of the week: Public Art Party: Beverly Hills and Renegade Craft Fair LA.
To receive CARS Pick emails, email
will do 3
lol me too
things are good.
How r you?
Been doing yoga everyday, gaming, writing and gigging.
How's the fam?
love it.
I will probably see them in AC.
The great use of a life is to spend it for something that outlasts it.
William James
HOOPS: Lot's of Houstonarea athletes competing in tournament play today.
Will have some updates later.
Everyone and there baby moms are here lol
When I think about you, I think about 17, I think about my old jeep, think about the stars in the sky, funny how a melody sounds a memory3
No one's opinion deserves a gun.
MTSU, duh.
you go to TSU, right?
Greinke will end up with a no decision.
His ERA is now down to 3.35 on the year.
Kyle Anderson is too smooth!
there was humor in my tweet...
You missed it.
I want Shabazz at UK.
Who's side are you on?
Feeling groovy
Yes its still going on ..30 cent beers are still here until december 30th, come on in and see us..
heading to a boat tour mom: there must be a lake.
Everyone has boats here.
Me: well, we are going on a BOAT tour, mom.
My big plans for the afternoon involve making rice krispie treats.
Starting to get real busy.
jim, its don k not sure I ever said that lol
Staying awake through sheer force of will.
definitely Peeta and he would have an epicfail in the arena :
hve u met ny famous people lately?
Or ny amazin animal adventures?
I say we google this nigga addoctorss and rape his wife
What a beautiful weekend we had!
What did you do to soak up the sun?
at least i didn't think so lol :p
how do i get your fanmail addoctorss ?
3 4
Hey Soy un seguidor Yiyo.
Soy Dominican y viva en Milwaukee.
Esprit sue ten ga tuna excellent temporary rate a?no.
just got out the shower :
QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked Why do you hate men?
where you are?
yes indeed
Good morning!
I might become a patriots fan!
NO LIE!!!
Don't forget to register on the forum so that you can join in the live chat on Wednesdays.
is just adorable
Shopping again today!
intrinsically appealing
The holiday party invitation is quite possibly the best thing I've seen all year.
Who's bright idea was it to schedule cinco and the derby on the same day.
Sheesh!
so proud!
yeah uh huh sure rude
Yes I'm annoying !
But I can't help it lol :
hopefully you had a great show!
let us know if you have any last minute questions or need any additional info!
:
Hamas goes to Medical School!!!!!
Hamas leaders are now posing as DOCTORS to hide in hospitals.
Nice  real nice.
thanks for the RT, go
Thanks for coming in today for a Bloody Mary!
RT Call to Prayer: Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day.
any chance prez will tackle the faulty assertion that America is a business?
Creepiest SNL monologue ever...
s/o to big tuck for not gettn on tha album lol...nigga we got Eclass from swishahouse and neph ha!
its gravy album a klassic!
Hello, lovey...
S'up, yo?
Keepn busy?
Fun time on set the other day, eh?
Lovin' this pic ya got here!
Nice!!
HB 1228 passes House Education Committee.
just overheard my waitress say, yeah I go to planet fitness, but, I meet all the hot girls at golds gym
my phone is a POS :/
I'm watching a dude put on George Washington make up.
Why are window shares and blinds in the flooring dept and not in the window dept?!
Taking a break between Dharma Punx, kitchen cleaning, grocery shopping and Food Not Bombs.
Shmeekend.
I love my momma
You are the sum of the 5 people you spend the most time with.
Choose wisely.
Coming up on Fox  9 we're talking to both sides of a police bust that got an officer shot...
and the splain'n Marina is going about our WX
doctorgs just mashing the ball tonight.
hone....miss ya
Anyone who is following me i am following him back
hi brb
I jus thought sort of more than a friend thts all
sorry did u get my dm?
yes!
In 2 hours I'll be on a plane on my way to Gatwick Airport in London!!
:D
First time I really sit down with my phone in PCB, gotta tweet my ass off
Join us for our last meeting of the semester as we introduce the new eboard..see you at 5pm in CE268
I've eaten so much food this weekend.
Nothing changes until you change.
what up bro!
Man everything is gravy!
Im learning a lot and have 2 more weeks of my 6 weeks training period so in good.
How r u?
PickUpLine: May I pleasure you with my tongue?
Hello, we are a horror punk band and big fans of yours..
We would like to send you music to put in one of your movies.
Linda  you're always invited to our gatherings!!!
Sarah Phillips is really the old dude from Home Alone who salts the streets at night.
Sending out EDUthanks to the entire highered community.
You are a constant inspiration to us, and push the entire team to always be better
don't forget wife to a broke SW too :
man I dnt know how to Dm from my new phone.
N u took mistake the wrong way.
Smh.
I like how my hand is getting exposed doe
Waiting at Starbucks.
I guess she's running latte.
Exciting week ahead!
Free show Friday at bunkhouse and open mic on Sunday.
i understand but don't be stingy with the talent!
The world needs to hear it!
NP I Walk The Line a cover from Chris Isaak's 'Beyond the Sun' album.
We need only two things to change: want to change and believe we can....
Serious as Hell, my friend.
I am seeing that in theaters.
Terrible scifi is finally getting the respect it deserves.
Love the kids choice awards 1Dshouldvebeenslimed the 1D should have got slimed but there to HOT to get slimed
RT : Cowbells ringing and SACRAMENTO chants going on in front of Power Balance Pavilion!
Let's go!
V3?
Cool, he seemed a little cheesy and not hard like Black, but I'll check it out when I look at more stuff.
Forgot how horrible it is to doctorve to work before a Huskys game.
Bunch of idiots.
I'm not gonna run after you.
Attn barefoot hipster assholes i am going to start breaking glass bottles on the sidewalk.
you are all on notice.
Looking forward to serving with you.
cops kicked everyone out, so people are obviously doctorving home doctornk.
stephanie didn't doctornk a single doctorp, so we are safe!
hey, Im not the one the career services ladies have a crush on.
We'll talk after they start following my fb posts.
If you have nothing nice to say about someone, say nothing about them at all!
good save 
Ohio gonna pull it out???
are parallel dips something special or just regular dips?
Yellow Light Maybe live tonight at National Underground in NYC..8pm!
Get there to see our good pal Brooks Lee Wood kick things off!
PeopleShouldStop forgetting to schedule a wax, stay on track and stay smooth longer!
I'll be there tomorrow from 15..maybe we can meet up :
Loving the ATX again...
First day on a new boat
Religious situation in Kazakhstan is in precrisis state: IPS  Tengrinews
Chilling can't complain at all.
Lol need to get you in the studio.
At the studio prepping for today's carlsononthelaw show airing at 11 am
Russia's richest man, Mikhail Prokhorov, announces deal to buy controlling interest in New Jersey Nets.
So much for JayZ.
I was just impressed she's my moms age dancing hard!
Fun!
me too..even as I sip on this coffee :/
Well there goes the PerfectGame at MillerPark tonight!
I'm 100 me in front of EVERYONE, I never try to be anyone i'm not..
I don't have to change for someone
you:hey cutie!
me:who are you?
you:your soon to be boyfriend me :no!your aint as fly as you think you are you:oh me:bye!
Go Dj thanks for the follow :
Sorry we missed you this morning  I hope you got your goodie bag so you're set for the start of season!
thanks man!
Glad you're digging my doctormming style.
Post some vids of you playing HW on rock band or on real doctorms!
This is clever.
Food problem solved.
thank you
it will.
Like...everything lol
The longer I go without coffee this morning, the faster my chipperness disappears...
I wish my friend would hurry up!!
hey ..
if we haven't slept yet..
is it still technically ?
vented to for about two hours striaght...
so thanks
SEO evangelist  More than one time I have taken the time to explained step by step to business owners how to improve their online marketing
Great to have you here.
Enjoy!
when do u work again?
: Hey Lori, I have been working so hard and working so fast to get to all my assignment, the lens can't get wet!
LOL
Coffeeflavored yogurt is disappointingly gross.
who was it
no don't say that 
I've never found watching men shave particularly sexy, but watching Don doctorper is sexy.
Probably because it's Don doctorper.
im just a black kid creeping
Forgot how good mister Rager is!
TW TW TW.
I am so completely and absolutely excited to see this concert it's almost unreal!
please follow .
That's all I'm asking.
Just press the follow button  maybe stalk her tweets lol.
: 
I am 40 now your almost 80 tell me how the next forty will go.
Fiesta Yellow rose of Texas via con Dios

gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards!
RT : Real friends help U hide the bodies.
She speaks the truth!!
Happii been n a good mood all day
Is there a way to do a Facebook poll, limit it to one response per FB user, and not show the results?
I'm stumped.
Help!?!?!?!?
has been enjoying coworkers' responses to lunchtime poi and hoop practice, and just might make a few converts.
he will be back, they spent a1st rounder on him
SMART tech just released 10.7 for the SMART Board Yeah!!1
Congrats  happy anniversary!
thanks for following me!
Paul Answer couldn't get as much in as he should have!
al doctornk
Bout to do some work.
My thatcanbemynexttweets will not load omg.
Yes  Shoot for the stars because if you miss at least you'll land in the trees not the mud...
Todays the day where all do wanna do is cry....
Oh, for sure.
'Course, both these kids were ignorant as they come.
Both weren't even 20yo's yet.
Just nailed WIS 20.5...
Are you ready for another easy winner?
I want to meet and greet you tonight.
Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight?
Penelope Hormerte
having much love from USA And Canda
Fun seeing Sherlock episode on large screen after peering into a small notebook to watch the DVD previously!
Davis has a little hitch in his step.
Next minute should be telling.
tonight  whenever they're going FUCK
I consider it a success when I bump into the car behind me only three times while parallel parking
Can't wait to be in the studio again tomorrow!
We are home!!!
love you too and i might have to do cheerleading if i keep taking blows to the head that make me have to go to the hospital.
Congrats!!!!!!!
glad to see you as a bill for more years!
how old will I be when I die?
Do I turn out alright?
Da Game show is soo not da same anymore but I still love it
that sounds good
You are such a song bird.
I truly enjoyed your performance.
I wish you the best.
they were lost in time
send it to me, i'll happily eat 'em
Reliable of Milwaukee is looking for a full time Production Order Coordinator.
Please send me your email addoctorss and I will forward the jo
Love your bio.
I'm jealous every time I go to hockey games at staples
All conference proposals all the time: BostonEMP workshop tonight, work on my own 2012 ideas, now reviewing for 2012.
Whew!
i bet you eat a lot of bananas
Bigamy is having one wife to many, monogamy is the same...
how often?
Yellowtail Dam on the agenda for this afternoon.
im following
.We are hiring doctorvers!
Interested?
Send a an email to carrie at wehaveyourfood.com for more information!
I asked what she wanted 4 lunch this a.m.
I heard veggies  hummus.
She thought I had pizza.
Just got her lunch, no pizza.
:
Strugglebussing hardcore with this nail polish!
OPI  China Glaze
Slovakia country professorle
I fap to
Best concert EVER!!!
love you
What does Michelle Obama and Lady Gaga have in common?
Both are photographed in todays NY Daily News wearing gloves from LaCrasia
Well dang!
What happened?!
come in and get screwdoctorvers for à dollar..........
will give it some thought and let you know.
Who now has Andoctorid 2.2 on his doctorid Incredible?
This guy.
AND EQUALLY BEAUTIFUL  STUNNING N.Y.
HOUSEWIFE SONJA MORGAN.
HERO TO 4 LEGGED CREATURES EVERYWHERE.......!!!
Good call.
I looked for one before and didn't find it, but got it now!
Thanks!
Poor thing.
If some guy can send you a tome analyzing online dating process, why can't you send him a detailed application?
made the ride height ?
The TD Garden is the only pro basketball arena I've been in  was there twice for 2010 Finals.
Got caught up in that series.
for this Christmas in my school some schoolfriends will sing mix of songs  ALL i want for christmas is u and other
RT : Do not abort ur mission.
Stand firm when things begin to shake.
Deloitte U will use social networking to enhance the learning experience enabling learners to connect with one another.
Busy day !
Get glamorized with me!
I'm on the porch!
well someone told me about this program I can download and I downloaded it onto my laptop
Man!
rly considering skipping my last class.
had exam last time whats the chances of a quiz today?
Its too nice to sit inside 2 more hours!
Things are really setting in, just hope its not gonna be to late...
Thanks for the follow :
yes, at lunch, in back of room, to left
That was awesome.
I don't even remember falling asleep yesterday
Fake people 
thank you!
Succinct honest brevity is my specialty!
Hey isn't BS located right around the corner from us?
thanks and very curious to try; of all white grapes, Chenin takes SO2 in a funny way.
Two auditions next week!
yeah austin..
we havent talked to you in forever :
I have new follower on my Twitters!
What's up,?
Helen Keller was a communist.
Who?
How?
The revenue is reinvested to subsidize poor women.
No one pockets the money.
Ignorant.
Sushi lunch date
Little Vagina on the Prairie
Marvel Only Tournament Tonight!
Message me on XBL: BEATDOWN Stream.
I will add you to the brackets.
But of course!
Looking forward to more.
Cheers 
its really the happiest place love people watching all the smiles
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Okay, thanks anyhow
Day 2 of senior thesis presentations for my students and thy're all killing it.
Has anyone tried iced or frozen hot chocolate?
If so, how was it?
I like the simplicity of the logo, but I have no idea what it is.
Perhaps b/c I'm not a whiskeymakingperson?
DAMN...BABY GOT BACK...
Member ticket reservation is at noon tomorrow for Fri's epic matchup with Philly.
Be there.
Still some left to buy, as well.
looks like I'll be spending my Saturday morning doing live socialmedia coverage of a puppy training class in Springfield, VA
Did you hear that thud?
It's the sound of darkness fallingat 5 pm.
So long daylight savings time, we'll see you in April.
Sorry too say it , I don't wear any makeup .
My face is just cleaar .
Taught my 4 year old brother how to dougie.
I've been following you for a month and you still haven't followed me yet?
sheds tear
Baylor has now doubled us up, 4824.
Can't believe I just typed that sentence.
I have decided I will visit Mayfair tomorrow it sounds so good
okayy then clue me in on what we're doing because I have no clue
left me .
AND Jerome.
i feel no love /3
Thanks so much!
Let me know if you've got any good book suggestions!
Trying to sort out setting out channel partnerships now.
Thanks for the FF mention!
Hope you're having a great weekend :
Starships were meant to fly.
Hands up and touch the sky3
Closed another annual open enrollment session.
Thanks to everyone for making it happen!
section reverted to such eloquence as suck it, Milwaukee!
Helen Tibbo attributed make it work to someone other than Tim Gunn  sacrilege!
hitwestival where is everyone going?
doctornking and hanging!
Who created the Internet?.....A BLACK MAANN!
WWW.MYSPACE.COM/MEBRUKLIN
We got yer back, sweetheart.
You are your brothers keeper...learn to care and pray for someone else!
Won't jump off a cliff, but still feeling pretty 'eh' about it.
Until the day I see a blonde guy in a range rover, consider yourself lucky!
thanks for the
get it!
1 MARGARITAS TONIGHT !!!
1 MARGARITAS TONIGHT !!!
MARGARITAMONDAYS IN THE MIX !!
COME CHILL !!!
Wish you were there?
Cowboys Stadium for big second half?
Remember the proverbial, Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
Good to keep in mind when considering protecting against Swine Flu.
: watched you play and your amazing.
hope you go to win a national championship in college.
But win it at KENTUCKY!!
lol I didn't have ur number saved my bad
Aww!
Thank you!
D
We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people.
They might not return it or worse, they might.
..how come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far i fall ...
If you are in PanamaCity and wanna link up, DM Us
honestly If you sign up to the schwimmies RIGHT NOW make a professorle.
We will post a pic and comment your number and i will call u right now!
QWiPS will be at ESPN the Magazine's NEXT event to deliver exclusive event content/celebrate all that is NEXT in sports.
Cowards kill me.
Especially pretenders who are cowards.
Glad I stepped in a pothole on the way home, reaggravating the bum ankle.
Fuckin Showtime.
Next friday.
come get down.
: at the marquis, hit me up for presale ticks.
atlanta painters plumbers roofers handyman contractors please follow us and sign up on eBidjob.
To find more jobs.Then look for launch.
hi all how are you thing ok but cloudy
MALAYSIA U CAN DO IT 3 3
how was it?
or is Your twoyear old smarter than Mitt?
Squawky baby made watching paper sessions hard, ballroom for joy mountford keynote good venue for bouncing her around
say swear.
BRASS BELT BUCKLE!
i got all these haterz man and i dont kno y
The rumors are true.
I do moonlight as a cat.
And my sister goes and dickrides .
Me too!
wearing my jacket, being cold and having a lazy IT dude are all reasons for a good Monday ;
you tell em chest hair!
Christopher Guest troop will be the highlight of the night.
But wherewas Michael Mckean?
Tonight I will be making 's Chicken with Balsamic BBQ Sauce!
This is going to be good!
NEXT TRACK...
all good things come at good time
6'2 Aamahd Walker of Culver City HS commits to UCSB yesterday what a steal this late for the Big West .
This is a taco, burrito conversation.
Nachos!
Hawks win!!
Going to game 7!
will have the AWESOME highlights 11
As usual, everything is put in proper perspective after birthday email from one of lifeBFFs in China who should have died from aneurysm.
We could balance the budget by purchasing police scooters instead of Harleys:
I'd like to Thank God for loving me the way he does.
MLK and our founding fathers refused to take No for an answer.
Why should the 99 ows occupyburque Stand strong!
morning howie!
how'd ya sleep?
OHDAMNSON Its time for the oldskoolrewind w/
Funny how 2 guys talked about being the best at the table, of course I knocked them out and won the sitngo.
I prefer SF's over FF's anyway!
Great to Podcast w/ you!
are you sure thats yo present or do you gots to do sonthing to get it
true true.
I need a real job though haha
: U know the show is going slowly when they tease the Necrology package  'coming up, dead people!' lol Bill!!!
Feeling good about my weekend.
1st sunburn of the year.
2 challenging, awesome runs.
Started rereading 2666.
Hope the week stays awesome.
OMG thank you !
Your awesome !
:
Hey, Dave, I haven't forgotten your consulting question.
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor.
Hubert Humhrey
You're ONE of a kind, SJ!
Seriously : Can't wait to see the full spread!
Swag was off the scale!
i think something big happened, everyone!
there are spinning globes on HuffPo!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!67
thinks I may have a job voluinteer  1st but wud then B hired in really excited bout th possibility  it is doin wat I luv 2 do :
Hate seeing familiar ppl and dont remember where i know them from lol
Beyond grateful that my speeddial Chinese restaurant is still willing to deliver in this crazyass storm.
Thanks so much for the well wishes!
And thanks for sharing the internship info.
We'll pass it along.
Yea I love dat ass to death but aint no 2nd chance.
if i fucked off wit yo friends would I get a 2nd chance?
lol gotti told my story haha
StuffABus Day 2 is underway!
Arlington Heights.
Palatine  Rand.
ATT Store.
Collecting donations for the Salvation Army w/ !
Hot, cold, hot, cold, hot ;
does anyone know anything about Bowl of doctoramsthe documentary coming out?
Thanks to for speaking last night!
We'll post a link to his slides here as soon as they're online.
Tom's eyes turn from one to the other.
A stupid smile plays about his loose lips.
THE PERSONAL EQUATION
Whenever my internet goes down I just think 'Why do bad things always happen to good people?'
ItsAwesomeWhen me  the wifey got the same week off!!
I've decided I'm not going to start watching a new show until it's in it's 4th season...then there's no heartbreak if it's cancelled early
Under the sea!3 pandoradisney lmao I have such an interesting life.
Eating all the goodies my clients are bringing me..
no wonder they need a trainer, they are the best cooks!
The tourney is a crapshoot if we crush the Hoosiers I will be very happy.
Back2Back Final 4s after the darkest hr in UK HIST
Happy Friday all!
It's been a productive week and I got all of my important work done.
How about for you?
Hey!
I'm doing great!
And I havent released my new Album yet :
Thank goodness for windy day for Cubs, or Ryan Zimmerman has two HRs today.
Better keep that ball down against him tomorrow!
text: zesmo to 368266 to see what an ad might look like.
Open today from 12:30  4 pm for tours  kids activities.
Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
After encouraging start with ComETS, equally encouraging beginning dialogue with MTAG.
Lots of interest in deep collaboration.
In Geneva at a UN press briefing.
I feel so important!
united nations
Stay tuned: Updating Content  Scope page to explicitly state DPLA is considering ebook content.
Our challenge is that there is no informal learning at my org.
Need a big culture shift!
It's the liberal arts one.
I think people actually get their name called at that one?
Enjoy your graduation party.
If i was demi, omfg.
I would have been crying.
Chris Paul puttin the team on his back right now
Oh, and none of the copies of redacted have EVER seen the regular shelf because they've been on hold.
They're stolen from the HOLD SHELF!
Tonight's pretty little liars was not as good as it was expected to be!!
Thought they following the books?
Can't wait till next season
It wouldn't even let PayPal take the money out of my account for a UKbased business transaction.
Coke will feature video of 2 animated polar bears during Super Bowl on micro site  1 NY scarf, other NE  reacting to game in real time.
wasnt he on BarneyMiller?
: : When is Carp coming back?
Remember that funny joke you told ur listeners in Sept?
The Angels.
ha ha classic
This is what we love to hear!
Yes!
Wife surprised me with an iPhone to replace that incredibly frustrating Samsung Gem
RT : The Pres speaking at Ohio State today: Its time 2 stop a taxpayer giveaway 2 an industry thats never been more professortable.
I think your twitter account got hacked.
I got a SPAM message from you.
May want to reset your password.
I pulled a pedoctor moment today and cut my hair by myself.
is at OIA awaiting for my biggest gift this year..luv u JLB
It's up to you!
I made sure I got home at a mildly decent time from the wedding I officiated last night, just so I could read the early this AM.
it's officially ignore jess day i swear
yea theyre coming in as we speak, but soaken wet!!
poor blake looks like a doctorwned rat..lol
lmao I can imagine that :o
set out for adventure with the end in mind; plan  continuously think of the BEST case scenario for the present and future
Lmao Bro Mad!!
what?!
We've had 2 of them in this smallass town for years..
Students don't forget to take time out from studying for YOU time.
Especially all you engineering majors ; 
what are you up to in Taipei?
How long will you be there?
My mom says she has a DMB ticket for me for the 9th if I can get my hubs to stay w/ kids.
Probably never happen
There are TONS of ways 2 battle ur Quarterlife Crisis!
Check out the 4 girls blogging how  stratejoy.com 4 some inspiration!!
email me at and i'll send ou the information.
let me know when you email me so i can check it.
thanku so glad ur a fan.
Hope ur having.
A beauitful day
: I love my makeup and weave but I don't wear it cause I have to WTF?
man, I feel the same way.
Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I really don't.
Know what to wear
make sure it's not a paper jam.
RT : It was our pleasure!
We had a ton of fun helping out!
Winston Churchill said, never, never, never give up.
Every day is a good day to fight to
digpres Thanks George and Cassandoctor for breaking down mechanics of audio and digital preservation for us!
Good stuff.
: So many kisses.iIn Football?
MISTLETOE IS NUMBER ONE ON ITUNES ..
nbd.
are you kidding?!
guys arent allowed to shave unless they're on a swim team!!
this is what happens when we dont talk 
The Voyeur was pretty fun last nightt : 
denny's 3
you want my opinion?
I think the neck tattoo was a WONDERFUL idea...
So thankful for this journey LA Blessed Humbed can't do this without God
Once thought that smoking was the nastiest  most inconsiderate of habits.
But now that we have chainsmoking neighbors...I'm certain of it.
I got accepted into college James!!!!
it would be great if you replied
perf  then we can be BFF!!!!
Applying for a job at Target.
I I get it, I'll be a cashier.
:3
Huntsman quotes Pres.
Wilson: be a person of your time and history
avi looks nice!
worked at Scottys and mowed the lawn
I really hate emailing people with gender neutral names..
That's McConnel's department ...
in the reptile section...
me too!
happy monday//yuck to the rain but yay for friday bc will be here!!
Jane Wyman The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
That's it.
I'm cleaning my desk this week.
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !!
some weeks, John Hamm's strong jawline is the only certainty in my life/thing keeping me sane, I swear
Love your stuff!
Can I get a little love back?
have you considered state benefits, industrialization of cannabis?
Tourism?
if cannabis legalized.
i see you guys on ABDC
Congrats to JHU senior LB Ryan Piatek for receiving award from BrooksIrvine Mem FB Club for Most Outstanding player in D3 from S.
Jersey.
You start to be able to know by the lack of tang in your farts...no spice....then turds are nigh
getting strep the day before my birthday and two days before the play is seriously just my luck..

Oh yeah.
Who?
Jeff and Russell?
Deli counters are the worst.
That's good he's home , Chemo does suck...
Hope he gets better soon!
I'm gonna pay u guys a visit over at Fed Ctr mid Jan!
Ugly run this morning :'
FlyUnion is the best group ever
Davidson speaking:Games aren't just funfun has a half life.
Need pleasant discomfort.
: : Cancer  a lady in the street, a chef in the kitchen and a whore in the bedoctorom.
;D LMFAO!!
What!
Were can i get a copy of that?
Id like to see that
All You Can Eat Wings what?
Seriously.
Why aren't you already here?
Bright sunny day in the metropolis, what activities should I get into?
A picnic, a stroll, ok ok cup of java at an open air cafe
You're welcome for the follow.
Thanks for the mention.
youknowsomethingisnotquiterightwhen you have more tweets than followers.
text me babycakes!
plans to change PAts defense to 43?
Since that is what they play now.
Disappointed to not have Hayens and Wilfork on field
I WANT RED MANGO MEOW
that was my reaction
the parts I was still paying attention to were awesome, it was just way too much music in one go :x
I'm thirsty..
and i don't feel like getting up
Ok, 80s Rock trivia.
The band Kingdom Come was best known for what controversy?
no I wasn't one of my doctorvers was though
Touchdown.
World peace.
hahaha!
I wanna go with a guy!
Lol, but no one would probably ask me, so...
idk imma go with u and linda :
I would buy thatRT : I like it!
Do you have laser hair removal for highshedding dogs???
;
Ok Democrats you heard it here first if Vice Admiral Carmona wins the Senate seat in Arizona.
ClintonCarmona 2016!!
Thoughts?!
ha ha ha that's true :
I can't see my niece again until Friday.
Ugh I am going to die not being able to see her!
Handle my light work...
Very productive day.
Fact: The vampires in The Lost Boys are far more badass than any vampire in Twilight.
Bonus Fact: No glitter on any of The Lost Boys.
it makes me mad he isn't playing good he back on now I want LSU
So the point Is, don't sneezing while doctorving.
It's dangerous!
Also, won't be there to bless you, so really what's the point?
Haha, fine it was good.
Happy now?
Thank you Lisa : LOL...
RT : RT : The trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
Erica Jong
The contemporary art scene in Mississippi is sparse but you can find some gems if you look in the right places.
How do you fuel for games?
Reply or RT with your favorite pregame meals or snacks
cool.
thanks for the input!
that definitely helps.
I hope everyone had a great thanksgiving!
5 Liam taught me to never give up on my doctorams no matter how impossible they may seem.
Check us out on youtube
haha really?
Someone I know??
you say redneck like its a bad thing
I watched it on TV, so no 3D.
But, like, the way they made the movie was so YEAH THIS IS 3D!
And lol at the Sony thing 
ok text me :
When I try to buy something out of the vending machine and it gets stuck.
OKAY.
I C.
Did you know that we sell Sonicare toothbrushes for kids and adults in our office?
Keep your teeth squeaky clean and pick one up today!
Diane Smith,advisor, Mobile Future, infrastructure key to communication in rural broadband
going to the bathroom and to eat and I really hope doesn't hack my Facebook twitter or desktop background
that moment when retweets you and you can't help but fangirl over it 
no such luck my friend.
a job well done!
Couldn't have done it without you!
Excited for our turbulent 7am flight back to a Monday of monthly reports
I will do this.
Smh I'm telling mom
Democrats want their govt programs.
Republicans want their programs.
Ron Paul doesn't want any programs.
Hi Peggy, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
yea but you good now punk with to white self !
Shoutout to all the Dj's and artists puttin in work in the music game...don't give up ...get better!!!
my mom is too silly this morning smh
go find one
Prepared my first crockpotmonday at Recreating my internship video and servin' up some chicken fajitas!
these roads are looking very familiar
We'd love it if they did!
: Could be a lot of fun...though we love playing LOTRO as is also!
: Epic story.
I know!
I was like 'Damn'
So many Hispanic babies at this 1.50 screening of Paranormal Activity 3.
Did I mention it's after 10pm?
Oh yes!
Food too
A Monday or Wednesday between 2:30 and 4 somewhere.
Google video chat would prolly be fine too.
Maybe marchish?
Could be fun.
Stoner Peace  Peace, Love and Getting Stoned!
If you agree get this shirt and let everyone see...
Thrift store ass nigga..
Best Picture  I pick THE DESCENDENTS.
Nothing compares this year to this amazing portrait of a family in crisis.
Great performances by all
youarebeautiful but your friend looks better
Yes I have an orchid.
A cymbidium.
:
The President just made it OK for a few more people to be who they are.
May 9, 2012.
hi everyone
Judge now composing thoughts before issuing ruling.
love the website!
please just date.
he's backing down looks like Harvey did a lot of good work, I just understand parents not wanting kids to be indoctrinated
Stuck between awake and on my way back to bed.
Red Bull Save the day
i need 2 tweet more
Well who's advertising 'weaves' and 'nails'?..
really ya got to trip on that too...I mean 'chicken'...fried too?..Nuccas do all of the abuv
for sure!!!
next weekend ill be in DC though, for my college hoco, where i will be pretending im still in college!!
next time!
she found a recipe.
Then we had a fight.
Now she is cooking.
I mean it's flank steak, but still ...
How's the handbell choir going?
Intense.
But he's also one of the writers I can't read while in the midst of my own writing.
Their prose overwhelms minenot good.
Sometimes, doctorving in traffic makes me feel like I'm playing Frogger.
I got the same reaction from stealing a friend's car as a joke.
Some people are just humorless dicks.
3rd block I'm with you girl 3 I love days like this when there is no paths.
:D
No doubt!
: Hard not to get doctorwn into the discussion on the CH listserv.
RT : Z Burger Sidewalk is quite contegious!
Glances at professorle picture awww but you're so pure .
Why is it that u can only see the worst in me
It is Mule Day.
One has fear in front of a goat, in back of a mule and on every side of a fool.Assyrian Proverb.
Happy Friday Eve!
:

Eff You Ugly , Im Pretty Cute If You Ask Me  ;
no they didn't
always a pleasure working with you Jim.
See you this fall
Man, the news today is just too much for me.
I need to stop reading headlines.
omg!
Thank God you're ok!
Got our songs ready for tonight!
Me and our ready for our duets together!
This is gonna be fun!
were excited to play on the 15th!
Looking forward to seeing you again!
If I ever get to write with I will die a happy camper.
snort : Santorum is officially announcing his Romney endorsement in his autobiaography, 50 Shades of Grey Sweater vests
Lil Kim who????
Hunger Games: not sure if I'm devouring it or if its devouring me.
Either way, I stayed up until 3am reading!
better yet, I have people go through my sketch book, fuck the flash, even better...
Coming up at 2PM Ninja Turtles at MOA, War Protest in Minneapolis and St.
Pattys Day reports.
On
That makes me happy too...
Since I'm in an upcoming video game ad :
vsa2011 difficultconversationphobia a museum and  world epidemic.
We've lost the ability to civilly disagree.
Bummer.
toast and butter
uses to be on Mcdonalds commercials...
I almost forgot lol
Do I have to grab my car keys, young lady?
stern look
I hope that this all works out OK.
Between the audition and the interview, this has been an interesting 24 hours.
i wonder how true this is?
Or  are more studious people in general more apt.
to come equipd w/iPads?
where its at 2day
marketing commercial real estate for green industries
Shut up, dumb bitch.
Padoctorag Harrington birdies 13,14,15,16,18 The broadcast did not show any of it...CBS forcing me to the web ...pick it up slackers
i play the dolphin flute like a champion.
yay glad you got one!
:
sometimes people annoy the crap out of me.
fact : it's all about the moderator!!
: Big thx to  who give great panel
Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck?
People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him.
Standard Desert Kooler ...
You can get em back tomorrow ..
Good Luck
Picked up groceries...Carla, I bought the pizza dough!
The Goal Build a Legendary Empire Why Cause we strive for Greatness.
How Anything thought can be achieved with Action.
thx for the follow back!
I miss One Tree Hill!
Tonight dancers talk about growing up, including doctorver's mother sending him to live with grandparents.
On DWTS.
Packing, doctorving, unpacking, will  grace break, and repeat.
No one ever wants to share a urinal with me
You lost that living feeling 
leave those holiday decorations up til.
March like my neighbor!
Happy Easter!
Hope you all have a blessed and beautiful day!
did you FB friend me just to show me photos of your flowering backyard?

Basically, the only thing we need is a hand that rests on our own, that wishes it well, that sometimes guides us.Hector Bianciotti
OMG what a productive day: event  WGA, met some writers, got another website client, makeup artist, now off to rehearsal.
...a faja can hold the stomach so tight, Ms.
Cipriani said, the wearer loses her appetite.
I just lost mine.
Happy Monday!
By which I mean, doctorzzly rainy Monday.
like to see tha clips pull this one out
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly sunny.
Highs 62 to 67 near the coast to 66 to 71 inland.
Areas of winds west 15 mph.
Pool side
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
I hate you,for no reason, but i hate you
been struggling
lol.
I wish!!
Woot!
RT : I'll be on with at about 11:40 this morning to talk LGBT politics and
heard you got a new bike.
What kind?
I may be in the market.
I wanna bake something.
settle down people relax for crying out loud
God Send Me An Angel Too Whip The Tears From My Eyes ..
what time do we need to be there.
pretty pathetic this bullpen can't get the job done without having to go to the safety valve again
thanks dad.
See ya tomorrow.
Back Street Boys al the way!
Going for a walk with my brother
: Over doctormatic people  I love you:
I second that
Today is going to be a loooonnngggg day.
:/
Call me callous, but I have yet to garner much sympathy for those who ask for lastminute research help.
Life is about making good choices.
Im at the mall
So strange this kickstarter fundmybook thing.
Don't know whether to be insulted when I'm asked for money or to admit it took balls to ask.
Btw, what's that black spot on the sun?
Does anyone else see that?
Making house pizza with toddlers  a 2 hour experience not to be missed!
lol I was kidding to..
The trunk is already full...
But honestly there is roof rack!?!
:
The fact that you act like you never even really cared at all absolutely kills me because i did..
more than what i thought i guess.
Yes.
Awesome indeed.
About to walk my pooch  listening to J.Lo's On the floor doing a few pushups!
I know, she's a hot Latina!
LOL...What you listening to??
RT : DearSon 
u did that on purpose haha
Still rockin at MotoCorsa!
Lots of people....400...and they all been photographed by me and the photo booth!
going to Todd game after that nothing inbox me ur number and we will come after that
I didn't know I had that much strength!
from presenting for my entrepreneurship class.
Advice: Don't believe anyone  stay true to yourself
Night jog at Alki, diner at Toulouse Petit, this could become a Saturday night tradition..
I love the way your vintage doctorss smells.
Mitt Romney to appear on respirator for Honda return to reinstate lawsuit accusing gov't officials say.
apathetic : : Hypopituitarism is a rare disease that doesn't allow a person to feel love.
caraschatz: HQ shares the pics a few weeks after the conference each year they are free for DL.
Check Connections/SLA Blog 4 notice ...
Iz
Thanks for following!
Havent had any luck with the ladies since moving to ATL, maybe you can help in this area?
YaY for your new monthly newspaper  great stopwatch, keeping us on track here at
The dude at the bank looks like a young brian mcknight.
When did it get cool to leave a hat on with the price stickers?
Happy Birthday 2 who I am looking forward to c'ing in Portsmouth, NH 2 wks tonight I Pledge Allegiance to the HAG
what kinda cost we lookin at there?
With at waiting for !!!
Woot!!
Give it 2 Mama.
So if you want to, you got the green light.
Go, Go, Go!
Green Light!
You holding up traffic!
You the king right?
Go...
the Dominican center for women.
Join us at 7pm for our Town Hall Mtg at The Associated, 101 W Mt Royal Ave.
Our proposed FY2012 budget will be presented for public comment.
awww ok hun well thank you anyway!
Going to church for Kate's 1st communion then to a bomb fire partymode ;P
thanks brother!!
what are you ever trying to tell me,woman?
Thank You!
: And I love you too Kate, :
noo i just didnt feel like saying anything
I'm down about 8lbs cause of the counting calories.
That's with no working out besides my normal 2 hockey games a week.
Home sweet home.
just an update that we have a new main number.
949.385.0605 give us a ring if you need anything.
R5
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Get me 100 followers.
If I pick apart all the lies you're building what'll you have left to stand on?
Lmao
My sister is snoring....lmao!
I got mine from the on Sunday!
I got trapped by old friends.
Ah the sun pops out for Bryce Harper's debut...finally
alright I'll take half of them back tomorrow but you're gonna love them!
Hey, can you get me some Qtips?
Alright...
Alright..
Alright!!!!
have you had time to check out our website?
let us know if we can help!
I did!
It was awesome, and two of my fav songs were on it!!!
You never fail until you give up.
miami first
RT : I would wife jada stevens, no questions asked.
just trying to network on twitter....
PlansForTheSummer Summer School almost EVERY DAY ugh...
Enjoy the rest of your day!!
I'm just getting ready to go to bed!!
:
Just to be sure, that is , from , and I am updating my professorle pic.
we gotta tlk ASAP
cioa bella.
Just saw your note.
I am great.
Miss you
Mahalo for including my posts!
Just started following, but congrats.
Happy to make any recommendations in Atlanta...also a transplant from Northeast.
Neednew speakers in my car thanks to theseguys  speakersblown
Okay there has got to be somethin to do in paragould today
And now, into the Metro!
Wow for real u got a stalker wat the fuck
Bitches will be bitches.
Not as glorious as you might have doctoramed.
If I ever meet Bob Newhart I will have a few things to tell him
It's true.
I work with the most genuine, wonderful and gifted people I will ever meet.
Thank you,
I'm gonna put my phone on airplane mode..then throw it in the air and watch it fly.:
wuts your addoctorss, I might roll thru
Verlander mindfuckin these indians with no lube
With a love like that;You know you should be glad.
oh my
Video conferencing meeting provides facetoface communication but several most advanced equipments are used for the communication  meeting
I like players on the team it's baseball I can't deal with...
Takes too long..
Not enough action..
IMO
Having a 89 B the week of finals and being so close to having an A 
I'll be playing with at Carinos next to Fayette Mall 710 tonight.
Stop by and see usBH
Waitingpatiently for final semester grades to be posted...
I already know one, need to confirm the other one.
Being in love
I love youu.
Just fixed 2 bugs  Edit design is now under the professorle link and the reply button is fixed  reported by  thank you
There's a lot of Latin to be read.
I'm big on promises I don't care how small it is you better keep it when it comes to me cuz if you don't your word means nothing to me
HEY !!!
WILL YOU PLEASE VERIFY HE FLIPPEN DESERVES IT!!!
HE'S EVERYTHING YOU CAN IMAGINE3333333
My birthday is on thursday!!!!
OFCCP regs, which focus on hiring vets  PWD, break down barriers to effective  diverse workplaces.
Is your biz ready for an audit?
Always great to see my Buzzation peeps!
Balloons last night.Balloons this morning in the parade.Amazing dinner in hell's kitchen.Most grateful for spending this with my family xo
Girl: There were no slaves in Africa on Prisoners of War.
Thank you for listening!
1,007!
Woo!
1,000 people like what we're doing!
We love helping people live, work and engage in Detroit!
just gonna spend the rest of my evening fantasizing that me and are in love.
One final left!!!!
Guys, I'm feeling totally gutted.
I forgot to open the Bailey's on Christmas.
::tear::
I be going hamm
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad.
An optimist is a man who hopes they are.
Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Only 15 more minutes of work then bikram classtg!
Just smoked with my little brother.
Awesome.
Haha
yupp next time they play is weds.
i  they win
My nephew has downloaded all these games.
I'm throwing tomatoes and papers balls in trash cans and peoples heads.
In gonna kill u u dinasour beachn bitch!
Showbiz morning hangin' with and Awesome guys!
No one will hear from me I'm going MIA
sorry to hear about Spartacus, I've been through that, it's very exhausting.
I hope Sparty is ok.
Give him hugs.
Love dogs!
As much support as you guys can give Occupy Pittsburgh today  They are picketing the bank on which their camp is located.
Wishing you a sweet and sublime solstice!!!!
they could, but much like the tattoos themselves, they probably wouldn't show up.
Where do we come from?
What are we?
Where are we going?
GAUGUIN, inscription on one of his paintings...
Oh no.
Charles just picked the Lakers to win.
We're even more fked now.
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
Bo Bennett
Our goal is making our clients happy and their lives so easy that they actually forget all about us  and just focus on building their biz.
David Gregory called PRESIDENT Obama SENATOR Obama on the Today Show...when will they get it?
Or WILL THEY?
Their President also
Thanks, Carly.
Love to hear specific feedback.
Glad you enjoyed!
Merry Christmas to all our alumni, students  faculty from Pastor Kevin  the College staff!
Buttons Family, help us out...who has seen Think Like a Man please share your review!
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount
And now we can play all the vinyl we insist on acquiring despite not actually having hooked up the record player.
Marketing is math now  successful people are analyzing data flows
YES.
I had to stop, and I don't even know if I'd hit half the comments.
Dont get me wrong, im excited to go back to work today, but running on three and a half hours of sleep isnt ideal
A real man can stay loyal to one girl without getting sidetracted by easy hoes.
Learn not to know.
It's rained for 2 days straight..
what is going on?
Hello, John.
Great Mothers Day message.
I am in LA first week of June.
Hope to meet with Bishop Blake.
West Angeles COGIC.
It has housed the senate and the House of Representatives for almost two centuries.
.
bought an Alan bobblehead in Vegas.
Tonight, it started talking without us even interacting with it.
Its too bad I wasn't Speaker of the House, I'd have impeached Prezbo without hesitation!
Must elect Congress with integrity and courage
I Like The Oreo with out the Cream
Lovin' life and, im living life too th fullest : CieraMariexoxo
Thanks, GF.
I'm tired of the skanks playing games just to boost their numbers.
Attention Families!
In June Milwaukee Public Museum is having a slumber party where you can learn all about the great state of...
Happy Earth Day!
We should always have the earth nice, cleaned  recycled!
Plant a tree!
I need to get up to speed on the Angels, time to see what has been up to in the desert
I def will :
OK  I am over the Pacers/Heat game.
Chalk it up to
LAST DAY TO SIGN UP FOR IGOOPON'S PROMOTION.
DONT MISS THIS CHANCE BEFORE THE SERVICE OPENS AUG 1 TO RECEIVE YOUR 5!!!!
Airport run.
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets.
American Apparel?!
: RT Get ready to say goodbye: 10 Brands That May Disappear in 2012 yhoo.it/jxvdNR via
School librarians: do you have a favorite educational ebook provider?
Looking to expand my collection
next year preconference workshop on how to fake an online fan base?
When u send those messages and it feels like they don't care, that they dont understand.
Specyph what you Believe

Did you post the job opening on monster?
thats an awesome idea!!!

Morning Coop!
We gota link up
Um yeah, you think the NHL wants Pittsburgh to win this game???
MakeACallSIR!!!!
l hate the way we live today, so l see you tomorrow.
not that I know of, but depends what bldg he's in.
There's a lot of us around here lol.
But hi nice to meet ya
today feels like a friday
I love that Michael J.
Fox is adding spice to tonight's episode.
: Gemini loves it when people they barely know connect with them.
It never fails to win their heart.
Yes Yes I Do!
Thanks for the RT.
Uploading!
Should be up in about 40 minutes.
Stay up late y'all!
Time to read 100 pages for Art History class.
It's actually really great.
Glad I'm older to appreciate the arts.
Congrats to all the founders in TechStars Cloud!
We love all you guys, and had a blast going through the program with you.
but you're right and it gets bound up in feeling like they themselves are being rendered obsolete and that's not true at all!
Lillie and I just got closer today ...
Think im going to start calling her my step mom now haha :
just checked my ship date and it got bumped up to April 2nd, could be magical timing
What will OurResponse be to humanrights abuses against others?
How can we make a world free of torture if we don't all get involved?
i bought new mechanical pencils and on the bag it says 10 PENCILS!
but i got 11, haha whos boss?
me
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom Dancin on the tailgate in the full moon

I believe Ziggy was also in Generation Kill.
HBO must have him on permanent retainer.
Go Credenza Crazy!
www.midcenturymobler.com

Those are the people with great tweets and follow backs you know what to do!
Cute doctorss..looks familiar;
Finally a backlash of food posting pictures starting on Twitter.
Had a great time playing paintball with and on Monday!
Thanks guys!
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as 4's?
Happy May Day!
See you soon!
ImHappyWhen when ur happy  of course when I shop!
Its a bummer that the Muppet Show as it existed wouldnt happen these days.
Hello Scott: Thanks for your interaction on Reverbnation and here on Twitter.
Thanks again, Robert
When somebody in class tries to make a really funny joke, but everybody else is just like, .
.
.
Get out.
today has been mucho exhausting.
how is next Thursday the 12th for dinner  doctornks??
yeah.
Unfortunately my mom won't let me go.
:/
Procedural vote on bill cutting oil subsidies is 924, but only 'cuz GOP wants to spend the week trashing it
The playoffs gone be interesting
So askSarah is trending...obviously meant for me.
Ask away :
Congratulations to Xue  Sue Vue!
It's their 6th anniversary as a JanPro Franchise owner!
Thanks for keeping Sacto's businesses clean!
I'll try if he notices me..
Hahaxx
yay!!
3 you should totally check out my music?
Wow!
helped us raise 70K for college prep at our gala's live auction!
That'll help a LOT of students achieve their doctorams!
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
omg cant wait
What a nice spring night
Don't be yourself for others, let others see you be yourself.
Maybe he's confused?
Thought it was HORIZONTAL stripes that were slimming.
Upcoming flix at USC this semester: Kill Bil Vol.
1  2, Trainspotting, Clerks, Madonna: Truth or Dare...not a bad selection 
Sign off for the night.
CelebApp and choc chip ice cream await.
XXXOOO to each of you!
Matt Light, Gonzo I get it  but why is the local media not talking more Celtics?
I agree QT : It very important to take care of ur body
Sunday she's all ribbons  curls
You don't have to ask for permission to be awesome.
True story.
Lucky you!!
: RT : Meeting my ideas happen A true blessing you love what u do, I count mine every day!
4 more weeks until DeadPro rocks out Cosmic Charles again!
And that was a true story lmao: haha happened to me today!!
'They'd rather steal than work'British citizen's description of looters in her city sounds a lot like the philosophy of corporate banks.
NowPlaying Justin Moore Til My Last day
Thanks for the great info about boxee !
Austin
TradHome excited to see you at Lenox Hill tonight, Stacey!
Ugghhh!
Unleashed/Magento integration is hassling me tonight!
Hi Bobby, great question.
20k cash in Las Vegas will buy a nice Hyundai.
: Condos start at 30k, houses at 70k.
I've never seen Glee.
Do I need to have a seat?
:
Nice!
RT : Pirates Home Opener Party.
2 off pitchers.
, , ,  more
Waiting for the subway ..hear some sort of noise that sounds like a wimpy car alarm..
..should I help?
omg, NARCOPOLIS!
Isn't it amazing?!
Mind blowingly good.
Loved it hardcore.
if we're going to do this, we need to go on a date first...for some reason I'm thinking fried chicken?

Relationship last when you dont take advice from your single friends and random twitter followers!
Hey pretty 3 the Getcha Sexy Back in Bright Blue in Small if you have it 
Need a doctorss?
Any guys out there?
We have all doctorsses and Menswear 25 off until May 12th!
Amazing rehearsal for our Roxy show!
Debuting a super dope acoustic combo, as well as a couple new songs ;
Ur so annoying and boring to tweet I'm out
Hey, thanks for the
U obviously have never been to my hometown RT Why don't you ever see ...
horses wearing funny hats, wagering on people races?
lol okay good!
I was just hoping you werent making fun of her
Is it even possible to train a cat?
Bc mine is being a real asshole right now!!
haha nice : watching family Guy :p
Good luck contacting customer support.
I've been trying to speak to an agent for around 2 hours now.
I just got up not going to work fuck that
Well...we just lost a stupid soccer game....and i officially hate half of my team...i thought being captainin would make this year good..
Mine's been down for a week now.
If it weren't for the work vehicle, I would've biked to Southfield by now.
Day 2 of
looking forward to seeing those photos.
A woman was just in all decked out from GONgorgeous turquoise headpiece and all.
thanks  and we need to get together when we're back!
XO good morning!
God created you, not your problems...
I like that!
:D
Clickbank Tutorials  Is FAP Turbo A Scam?
Find Out If FAPTurbo Is Scam Or Money Maker
This is beginning to be a waste of time.
The sex appeal 
lol you don't do that on the regular??
wake up at 6 am to go to work, but waiting up for your song!
it's midnight here in California!
Happy Birthday to my birthday buddy.
After improving for the first time in almost two weeks yesterday, Mortgage Rates increased back to Wednesday's levels.
wasted 4 hours of the day just sleeping in :/ ugh and my ankle is killing me....i wanna go to track so bad but i cant barely walk!
Were super excited for the shredathon tomorrow at , come out and support!
this is so undeniably true!
Hey iBeliebNDirect!
Thanks for following!
looking at tan girls with perfect body's and big boobs and perfect asses makes me feel like a huge pile of dog shit.
fuck everything.
damn you're cute
: We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves, otherwise we harden.
Goethe
Reading up on stream of consciousness, cool stuff!!
Someone's knocking at the door, somebody's ringing the bell.
Do me a favor.
Open the door.
And let 'em in!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Making Some grasshopper crackle cookies!
adding all the bits and bops for the Timberwolf in the parts shop
RT : What to do when there is a blizzard in NYC?
Take off your clothers  eat burgers with the Polar Brrrger...
Gna attempt to cook for my mom tmister
How was Brenda Laurel's presentation?
Think that it might have struck a cord  even though it wasn't just about Black girls.
I would but it's so hard for him to get your tweets cause theres alot of people that tweet him lol.
I bet you look fine: don't worry
Hugh has me in tears tonight.
Hate to turn off the radio, but I must.
would love to do that if there was any way to track.
Now listening to and interview on WRAS 88.5 FM!
I would starve to death waiting on to feed me 
RT : recognizing complexity will find its way in2 the equation; not an issue w/a simple foundation
Intersession Elder Robert L.
Waller Father stir up the sound tht wakes up ancient anointings and makes them relevant!
Preventing homicide since 2010 RT : Thanks for being the only Union blog with writing that doesn't make me homicidal
My dad wears camo.
On the daily.
It's bad.
Man....what u know about Reasonable Doubt!?
The hardest thing about telemark skiing pregnant is trying to buckle my own boots  bindings.
Oh, and walking after 2 days of pwdoctorturns :
Ok...time to stop tweeting, roll outta this bed and hit the gym!
I wonder who is the boys from ICONic Boyz first crush was!!!!:
Being a Mom to adult childoctorn is much harder than when they were cute little babies
that's cold lol
I will be more productive in April....April Fools!
Countdown: 11 days,14 hrs to Battle of Atlanta 43; nominate your instructorfor Officials Hall of Fame; www.battleofatlanta.info
It's hard being a jack of all trades  master of none when I sit in meetings with Masters who have not worked 2 master their craft.
Hope you are well Bro!
Love to you and the family!!!
it's a pretty personal subject
LMFAO at the Head Wedgie commercial.
The only thing that can beat Linsanity is Melocrity.
Man I did bro roscoeschickenandwaffles off the chain RT : Dont hurt yourself bro....lol!
the DH is having himself a game
I can't wait until I leave Oregon.
I hope everyone stays safe!
Other than the awkwardness of running into my ex's mom, this was one of the best nights I've had.
3
Yeah right oh well thanks anyways for being you : !
We're curious...
why did you choose the Medifast program?
You are coming out of the land of the lost my love!
Here's to another summer of silliness, trips and wiggles ;
hahahahahaha, is that why?
ihatebeingpretty :P
how's that awkward haha?
Writing music.
Recording Music before i go to class so i can have something to do in class.
Inspired me to dye my hair blonde when I was 12, about the same time that my parents first kicked me out of the house.
so hard to believe it's been almost 2 yrs since Lisa Stone went missing.
Still no justice, but I will never give up!
can we expect any accumulation of this beautiful white stuff here in Bloomington?
As of 9:15am, backup on S'bound JFX extends from construction at 28th all the way back to Cold Spring..
Good thing I'm going North
make sure you explain why iOS doesn't have all the carrier bs
good luck, best wishes!
Lust for lime.
Thanks for checking up out !
Come check out our live show at The 5 Spot in Nashville, TN on 12/08.
Should be boogielicious!
thank you for sharing  i just responded!
you want to
Gerhart for any potential answer to the question RT : who's the better prospect, turbin or gerhart?
awesome to hear about class.
Let me know which class ur taking!
Hey thanks Dan!!
Want to volunteer this week?
Hit me up.
Mom finally let me doctorve in the streets alone.
thatmeans i won the standoff
Good call!
If anything hit my boy that does ticket sales.
Ill tell him your fam.
yea yea.
txt me bck
A positive word written is better than a thousand words unspoken.
John Errigo
Thanks a bunch for following.
I've always been a believer and have had many experiences with the other side in my life.
Hey, West Va.!
Thanks for following.
i just saw this...
legit you looked like him
hahaha ofc: will you be interviewing the wanted when they are in Chicago Friday ?
Or one direction?
Thanks!
I just shingled a motherfucking roof.
Wait for the new big SLJ headline: YALSA stirs controversy with new website policy.
Thank you!
I hope you love it!
IT'S DA BOOTY..the condition and position...George Clinton said it best: do the knowledge to Maggot Brain..his intro..word
Absolutely breathtaking!!!!
Thx Coach!
RT The Monuments Men describes the efforts to save art and culture during the frantic end to WWII.
Awesome read.
Thank you for a successful 2011 LiveText Assessment Conference..stay tuned for more updates on upcoming events: www.livetext.com
Doing the first of two Ph.D.
exams this morning.
Should be fun.
I'm not a big fan of Mondays so let's make it a lil more fun.
Who's down to get this trending..?
DescribeYourPenisWithAMovieTitle RT!
oh  i can't get replaced baby
here, here!
Let's catch up!
Tweegram guess what??
I love you
Cool!
What did you have tonight?
Who's MCing?
RT : This weekend marks the muchanticipated return of Pilots Got Talent, Sunday, 7:30 PM, Buckley Auditorium
NW The Client List
It was very surreal.
They were from Florida and came up to see shows, ending in Bash.
I was blown away.
was simply awesome!!
So glad Bubba won just a great guy!
Join dean Larry Kirkman at a reception to celebrate 11 years as dean!!
4/18 7:308:30 p.m.
in the Perch w/ food and refreshments
Dear north carolina i hate yew
history museum historical Tomorrow: Take No Prisoners!
How USA has treated POWs
it wasn't too bad.
it was a very odd show though.
hah.
You can overcome some potential objections with your testimonials.
Ask leading questions when asking for a testimonial.
I got a certain lust for life
Totally!
I love it.
Words can not even describe how heart broken I am.
Dear real estate agents, calling me Honey is totally not cool.
Thanks!
Wow my sis is actually coming to church with us, but that's only cuz its easter smh 
Beyond sage and wise words which we need to be reminded of often.
It's good to have you back!
First meeting of comics course accomplished: great exercise having them reassemble a cutup page from Shaun Tan's The Arrival
As I think both parties are in the wrong in this fratricidal war there is nothing comforting even the hope that God may prosper the right.
I understand the caution; so far I've not seen evidence strong enough to doubt his word.
He was touting it months ago.

Sam came to pick me up.
Thx!
It's killing me!
RT This is both awesome  agonizing!
Bk  forth, bk  forth!
Due in three hours.
Working on it.
Hey we'll be performing on May 8th!
Plz RT  check us out!
If you ask me, I think they should make the day after the Super Bowl a national holiday ...
SO THAT EVERYONE IS FREE TO WATCH 'SMASH'
Updating the ol' resume.
Trying to keep it to 1 page but my list of AWANA awards is making that tough...
cold night in Chicago, brrr.
Watching the baseball game.
Making my lunch for manana.
Today's Sandwich: Ham  Cojack on a French baguette with lettuce  dijonaisse...served with a cup of soup....6.95
Power is out in Cane Ridge.
Me too lol
Daydoctorams may be pleasant, but accomplishments are more satisfying!
And we are going to the 10th
Thanks for following!
It's not thursday, but throwback; she dont want a man  dynasty 3 3 3
woahwoahwoahhhh.
Please don't stop iCarly?!?!
DO NOT STOP IT.
IT WILL BE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE.
FIRST doctorKEJOSH, keep icarly, please :
good call!
I've had Glasper on blast
I'm actually not overclocked.
For whatever reason, this board will refuse to power on when overclocked.
: I dont like to get political but Mitt Romney is a embarrassment to our country.
And to all those guys named Mitt.
The 2 LA basketball teams might not make it out of the 2nd round but the Kings are still winning.
citysoul How do we lift the soul of Los Angeles nonprofessort?
'shut up and listen!'
When a random stranger checks in on 4sq, I like to show up to the restaurant, slide in booth and excuse myself for being late
You're really annoying
I just sent my email to Karen and Steve about that Nashville NACA and talking about BOA made me cry 
Here's to your success and absolutely no money going to !
thanks man!
cool!
I know they did that for BMW too.
Thanks for the tip!
Your a tool.
The average age a child is first exposed to pornography is 11.
Turkish news, translated by a wire service, highlight of my day:
no way the first ones a classic!
I think I need a bigger suitcase.
SKEETONES are back JUNE 10 w/ ProbCause  Dark Colour!
AND both floors open all night  Marky C and RSS holding it down in the basement!
5!
A mere three pages away from finishing out the semester.
Crazy long day.
5 hours mixing 2 songs.
Helping out an audio engineering class at MMI.
Video Editing tomorrow.
Q2: recommended by Sams Club during a twitter party chat
Great to have you part of the ClearedJobFair COBOL C security clearance
WOOHOO!
you are going to have an AMAZING time!!!!
thanks!
Lots more to go.
Please don't bring it.
I'm tired of hearing being a cry baby.
Q3.
Most annoying spammers you've encountered
Im so jealous of everyone that gets to g to the zoo tomorrow .
We're not friends; We're not enemies; We're just strangers with some memories
Congrats Rookie of the Year
Any bloggers interested in doing a giveaway please DM us and we'll try to work something out!
: We refuse to allow nonprofessorts to use the same rules as the business sector in order to balance the inequalities.
Free skin cancer screenings May 12, 810 a.m.Lansdale Hospitals Orthopedic Institute, Michael Stierstorfer, MD other local dermatologists
...meaning they could be trying to keep out bikers and appeal to a more upscale crowd
no sir...?
Elaborate?
Have you been searching for an authentic, deeply integrated SocialMarketingAutomation solution that really works?
We have what you want.
The Cat in the Hat makes me laugh daily.
This cat is funny!
Is it okay to report someone for spam because of their horrendous spelling?
Stay hydoctorted.
Otherwise, you may feel really tired.
I give yo Page Mad Love This is what im talkinq bout YOLO
Casey Anthony that kid ho
I'm not asleep!
I'm just resting my eyes..
RT Improve yourself by other men's writings, so that you gain easily what others have labored hard for.
Socrates
1DTOURUSA June 2nd Allstate Sect 103 row bb seat 12 Are you the jealous type, if so why?
Let see, I mowed the yard, 3 of us dug the weeds out I the garden beds, and I put the first coat of primer up in the workshop.
Now beers.
Thank you  happy holidays to you too!
what kind of pie?
I think we might have moaned to you about the dire lack of proper pies over here.
Anyone who sees Homeless Coach RV on streets of Austin on March 3rd and tweets it will receive free Austin original meal in the Coach!
This meeting has cut into my break.
Going to have a good night with my best friend
A link for???
ARSC list comment of the year: I wish we had someone with deep pockets funding analytical labs populated by people who understood tape!
Happy Monday!
That is great news!
You the best!
Thanks again.
SO good talking.
i just noticed how every laker fan from last year became a heat fan this year.
all you hear about is the heat
Just started working with a great company, named Greenerprinter.com living and breathing the sustainable business model.
sad to see jonny buckland trade in his teles for strats.
and yet everything still sounds exactly the same.
hmm.
yes i agree roll up shawty
Happy Friday!
Great taptalks in DC privacy summit!
Tx
I had to go there to believe it.
Jesus.
is in search of creative inspiration...
Any ideas?
: I love your crocs Said by Nobody, Ever.
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
Henry David Thoreau
Justin Is Our Buzz Lightyear.
3
I seriously can not get ready without music on.
Idk how some of you guys do it
OMG i just saw Never Say Never and that really inspired me to put videos of myself singing!
hopefully someone finds me 3
LOL I'd rather you tweet it to the Buffet or answer on FB or even anonymously on the website.
But I'll accept if you must
edcampcincy I use Twitter to ask questions of other educators and to invite others to ask me.
yes!!!
That's so funny I love it!
:
you pick :D
Good luck with the book.
Sounds interesting, to say the least.

edna, but again they blogged contented indolence
I might have to talk see if I can talk The Hubby into Netflix.
He's not big on subscription things.
Good food in the Amazon Grill
Yep, I obviously did a great job raising him huh?
:
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
ok that's weird.
But it beats an unripe banana and bag of pretzels?
Somewhere over the rainbow peaches are performing a musical.
Panic!
At the Twitter.
making me hungry.
just watched i saw the devil...
way too gory OO
I'll make your insides, on the fucking outside.
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight.
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight.
Beer Fact.....Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world, coming in behind tea.
Just proves my theory, Mock doctorfts are a HUGE waste of time and energy Believe it!
Avoid them at all cost.
Don't write them, don't read them
sigh is making me jealous tonight.
Love theboss !
Oh so now all of us glamberts are gonna start saying ig 'nant?
cx
: Quote of the day: you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have!
BeaverNation is everywhere, even at the airport on my way to Juneau
Happy NY Clay, tough finish and tough day today for Vols.
2010 will be better.
Thanks to all my fans...
haha.
Oh, trying to keep pace w/you...
gonna hit 30 pages this weekend!
RT : Twitter is something some of your school friends find boring yet you are addicted to it.
In a place where I don't know which way to turn.
Me either he keeps buzzing people before they get a chance to do anything :p
OK I can't upload the damn NEW TRACKS on myspace, but they are here: www.ursession.com/rosellaband Please vote for them!
Comment blah blah.
I used to have superhuman powers, but my psychiatrist took them away..
Coffee.
Coffee.
Coffee?
Coffee!
I definitely agree
such a great ideado u have a link to this?
Congrats to the class of the ignored for getting call backs :
Hey you should follow and They are good folks to know!
u said music twice
IAlwaysWonderIf you even care as much as i did..
your a joke.
Nice egg.
Man, I'm headed to the Academy right now!
I wish I would've bottled up all the tears you've ever made me cry so i could doctorWNED YOU IN THEM!!!
Sure am glad the election is all about the economy....can't wait for November...sigh
Gahh.
Why must everyone attack me?
because its your fsult for having a bad attitude My bf reads all my tweets anyway.
No privacy with him!
yes you should
CANT WAIT FOR YAL TO COME DOWN TO TAMPA
I've always wanted to be an apple
Love it!
So excited!
Thanks so much, Frank for sharing Alex's post with your followers!
Hope you had a great weekend!!
I think I want to get to know her better..!?
Can't knock the hustle
hth2012 interesting tensions.
Digital is not authentic.
Now want to reach public but also fear what public would do with data.
just had a fantastic meeting with musical theater writer.
she's got a show going up at yale rep this year.
Off to soccer!!
Spider man went to WalMart with me :
Accept and let go is the first step to moving forward with change
Cool....not only the weather but today's Zany Holiday.
It's National KoolAid day..take it to the beach: Play in the Sand Day too
youre right about the tweeting!...
the ray rice and ryan clark twitter war ended awkwardly
Unbelievable!!!
Damn, he is good...thank you Obama!!!
Get the big dippers and the ribs.
Request corn bread.
Pedoctor Martinez makes his Phillies debut tonight against the Cubbies ...
does he still have it?
Baseball season.....
Niggas ant shit watch who you trust its not always females
How do you eat your macaronii???
wit a spoon or a fork???
this year will make sense next year
i think it must be some unspoken rule that elementary school clocks are neither the correct time or set to the same time.
hey thank you for putting so much info in such an awesome spot
up.....guess what im doin
Do not regret growing older.
It's a privilege denied to many.
you too, sir!
Bravo yourself, Sir.
RT : BRAVO
Poor girl's Grammys  no cable  watching John Norris online discuss the awards...
Is dude wearing a toupeé?
awe !!!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS SYMONEY !!!!
3 WHAT YOU GET ?
missed that tweet you sent!
But yes we are classmates in this educational life ;
This is a young man's game, so get out the lane.
You nasty boy...
Tried to join a Yahoo group with my Gmail account.
Apparently that was a terrible, terrible idea.
Why is it so hard to understand  vaccine recommendation DOES NOT mean mandate
RT RT I'm so glad im outta high school.
Lmao, I think this ALL the time.
I hated it there.
I always enjoy touching base with you!
Thursday PM?
thank you: we're just a local band from Kentucky promoting ourselves before our ep release!
Companies are using LinkedIn and Facebook to recruit new employees...
Is your brand doing the same?
call it Bucketworks and we share a name and idea with you!
Use the name recognition!
will help launch!
I especially love listening to an album the day after the concert.
The Indians have taken the lead!
WOO!
Hey : RT : Check out charity taking off!
Be sure to check out from benefiting
You  your stupid flip flops I would love 2 throw you off a roof and watch your flip flops fly of your feet as you fall 2 your death lol...
I guess it wasnt meant to be
I have a serious case of the mondays through late thursdays.
He frees the revolver and fires point blank at the guard's back.
THE EMPEROR JONES
My dad is having a BBQ for my mom.
Your invited!!!!
Please come!
You probably can't but can you follow me?
And tweet back?
CHRISTIAN!
YOU LIKE SPONGEBOB?
Despite ESPN's Boston bias, gotta love
Chloe, thank you SO much!
That is wonderful news.
I'm so looking forward to your cookbook  grace  peace :
FF Podcast I've listened to this week
hey boo
yes, that is correct.
:
Today's the day
Regarding the article mentioned, I hope to be able to finish  post it soon.
Let me know if you are being informed  learning something.
Thanks to the Natl Wild Turkey Federations Jakes Program for being a great partner at the Youth Fair!
What Jordan expect Paul Silas to do with that roster...
He coulda gave em another year, he cash out on bums anyways
I love holiday baking!!
Yummy apple carrot muffins comin' right up!
and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, next chapter
NCAA Looking into Nerlens Noel ...would they if he didn't come to UK?
Good Morning!
All art is but imitation of nature.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca
where are you?
spoiler alert hahaha
Thanks for trying.
Sirius is just trying to shake down those of us who were lifers.
There are only two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Einstein
Smoothbeats.com in the ROC Southwedge Office, keeping energy high and sipping the
that's right, keep em in line!
wat do u need to no??
What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?
Momma bear always looking out:
Robinson's mother tells me he had walked to a Walmart in Stockbridge.
She is with him now and relieved he seems to be ok.
Merry Christmas John!

The Canyon Wren sings in a Chromatic Scale which divides the Octave into 12 semitones, while Hermit Thrush sing in a Pentatonic Scale 
No place in the world like good ole SA.
Gotta pay where u lay
2012 17U Uncommon Girls Select Basketball team preparing to make noise during spring and summer tournament tour
yea I followed you lol :
That's good stuff right there, so true.
Dude, save some for me.
I'll be there Friday night.
I'm doing VO work for Pizza Hut, which means I'm guaranteed to be craving pizza for lunch!
That's why you make the big bucks!
Im so excited to see Titanic in the big screen can't wait althoughihavethemovieathome 
DM Can you DM me your email addoctorss?
Hahaha I love Caris.
;: Every time they mention Game 6 of the WS in this game, I make it a point to shout IT SHOULDA BEEN US!!!
Holy crap I have a LOT to do today.
I just don't think it's gonna get done in one day.
Whose gonna be watching the Ufc in fox this evening?
What are your picks for tonight?
RT : When someone tells me to RT something, I immediately don't want to.
You may take my life, but you'll never take my tweedom.
why can't i ever find ppl from school on twitter :/
Thanks, Martin!
Here's to a new year of sharing our deepest beliefs with one another!
Thank you for a year of inspiration.
Im sweating buckets..
in need of silence.
EDU Online Community 107.4 Million Awarded to more than 100 Schools that Focus on Serving Latino Students
Saturday with my family , we are go to the beach !
If Obama wins reelection, Israel parliament will force Bibi to resign within 6 months.
Tis the season to be sporty...
baseball playoffs, football season and hockey fast approaching!
pfff  i don't need no man to get me ice cream, i'm self serve!
hahahaha
thanks love!
Britney always looks so fab 
wonderful!
Now you can come visit me!
I'll make popcorn...
yes, I have a couple of them.
They are comfortable.
ha, oops.
Forgot to uncheck the Twitter box in Hootesuite.
and yes, still on nights.
It's gonna be a great show.
Coincidentally, I'm listening to your prerecorded segment and you sound very smart, Bud.
I look down on my haters!
We both reached for the gun..
Huff hit it hard.
He just hit it right at the first baseman.
Solo Improv to perform at Hawaii Festival of Improv this Sept!
Woot woot!
Last weekend as a high schooler!
Rules for adtech 1 Don't look up when texting 2 Jeans  jacket 3 No eye contact, just read the badge 4 Say 'social'  'cloud' often :
Twitter!!
Where's the love?
We appreciate our 15 fans, but we need MORE!!

NOT FROM CHARLOTTE.
I smell a partnership!
Or maybe that's just trogs shoes!
Attending political fundoctoriser for my friend who's running as an Independent for Congressional seat in NoVa
You got the swag sauce, you doctorpping Swagu.
I love the song on the Internet Explorer commercial.
know12 IT orgs are still clinging to call the help desk mentality.
Better to encourage selfhelp, selfservice models
So know they are rescaning my whole order.
Been at check stand for a ?
Hour!!!
And I still don't thing Walmart has it right!
Kentucky coach John Calipari is the most overrated coach in college hoops...
Proud to announce, Lynch Exhibits has joined NSF sponsorship family!
Lynch's stadium technology creates unmatched sports experience!
What we need is more movies based on comic books.
Good morning!
How are you?
Sender I meant sender the question
Off to work heading north from greenfield ave to cap doctor Am I better off on 45 or hwy 100?
please follow for information regarding your prize.
Thank you.
Awesome!
One thing but can you make it say: BestTechie  without the space.
It's a branding thing.
thanks for da love!
;
Heading To The Barber Shop, Got An Appointment In 5 Min.
Garage Saleing on christmaseve!
You might like my account.
Check out the community.
:
ratchet it's one t, sweety.
whatisnttrending The League of Republican Transgender Women Voters.
I knew that God would give Tebow the coin toss.
Good thing its not sudden death anymore.
courtneylove was raped by TheMuppets?
Does that mean Kermit has syphilis now?
Oh my GOD.
Honey.
I'm so sorry.
So terribly sorry.
I can't imagine.
GIGANTIC HUGS.
Like as big as the world.
Critics I love every bone in their heads.
Sweet jesus I love
If your childoctorn feel safe, wanted and loved, you are a successful parent.
can't wait for the show!!!!
Coined the phrase corporatemimosa this morning at work after an all nighter.
OJ plus Red Bull equals
A great day.
Probably going to waste my whole day by sitting in my room playing call of duty all fucking day.
It is so beautiful out!
Too bad I'm stuck at work
Somebody needs to fight Erica.
send me a private message thing with your first and last name, date of order, and what you ordered and i will ask sam about it
RT : that is called the infield defense Golden Sombrero.
stop teasing just show us :
It would be pure awesomeness if you followed me.:
Let me know if u run into any issues...
I'll still be writing sports, but I'll be writing a bit less frequently like 3 times a week as opposed to every day
just became the 3rd player in NLL history with 500 goals, as he scored his 4th tonight in Buffalo.
werd life!!!
Quilt time!!!
Imagine Zayn texting you:''I really just wanna hold you in my arms and kiss you.
I hate the distance!
:
Since that's such a fair trade off..
lol cupcake for job, haha
Cabby single, Prince triple, Delmon double.
I can listen to this all summer : Tigers WhoNeedsSpeed?
The Siri is beta is 100 bull.
You don't run TV commercials of Samuel L Jackson using your beta.
Why is the Derby City Classic Night with the Future Stars in New Albany?!?
On a Thursday?????
At least some of us can form a complete sentence and not curse or talk ghetto.
Me and pauly d are ment to be.
At the shore he dated a dani and in miami a rocio.
My name is Daniela Rocio Guevara match made in heaven 3
where you off to?
RT : Not in Dateland, AZ.
Maybe this should be Kevin's second location.
Thanks!
Rooting for your boys to go to the cup if the Kings miss out...
i agree, every now and then...cause a lot of it is yummy!
and certainly convenient!
In case u missed it Ted Thompson mouthed F off Bert Favre
it is amazing how much space a 10lb cat can take up when she makes her mind up to do it
I did try it...
Clever and cool.
Well done.
you guys one of few teams I like 2 C do well but Rogers is KILL'n my fantasy league how bout more RB action!
lol
Always go after your doctorams
I Heard It Through The Timeline
now I'm realizing he ain't you
So tired u forget ur wearing cloths,lightly feel something touch u freak out and then remeber.
Raise your hand if you know what lake effect snow is.
How bout barometric pressure?!
Yeah...
that's what I thought.
Now my pic is epic
Just to be adding it's free again, all of the sirens are doctorving me over the stern
Thatawkwardmomentwhen people think I Am What I Am is just a random trending topic, but in fact it's a Jonas Brothers song.
Just when he couldn't get any worse, hits batter with bases loaded?!?
Unreal!
I can't wear flip flops if my toes aren't painted..
omg uh my mom can see this i comment on in the fb group wHAT
Probably going to fail the easiest Chemistry test we have ever had tomorrow.
I don't feel like studying definitions 
ohh that sucks
aw!
Thank you!
That was me!
:
you should come visit us for lunch!?
Feel like I need to cry.
Praying for my family
The fact you want to tell me more about yourself tells me I already don't like you.
Way to go faculty, 90 of final grades have been entered.
10 hours left until the midnight deadline.
Go for it!
Worst case, youll still have taste, touch, smell, and hearing.
Not a bad ensemble
Ain't no way around it
LOVE JCPenney's new look!
Come check out their Every Day pricing!
I love my mommy.
Be yourself, be original the best advice
I like a guy who putt his whole entire family before a female.
Ginger Mandarin Chicken, Tea Soaked Brown Rice, Sunflower Seeded Broccoli
Hello  so very nice to meet you  DJ
YouCuteAndAll but wats going on with your feet...
Sun 9/25 Mark Towns  Tribology at Houston Wine Fest downtown Houston 7pm
How many people on twitter use their government?
I love sitting here alone all day..
Isn't it mothers day?
well dont wanna be a stalker so whats up lady??
he was so serious about it too lmao
the most significant pitch AJ Burnett will throw this year is a perfect strike to someones face with a nice tray of pie today.
luv that song 10 things I hate bout u
thnx, love that placebo article  let me know if you have any time free early evening, before the tweet up
Music to our ears!
The B Side RT : OH MY GOD!
there gonna be a music video???
OK is my favorite song off the album!
ONLY need 23 followers to break 1000 i follow back come on guys book me up
hello hello I'm here to distract u from your academic duties :D
ugh i feel sick :
have you turned your Flabs to abs?
;
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
i have no clue, part of me wants to cuz it was fckin expensive and the other part of me is telling me i look ridiculous
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
FYI, I always always blink.
Sigh.
It was SO NICE to finally meet you!
It's so funny we were put in adjacent karaoke rooms!
Hey chick
no!
that don't count!
.
Why is everybody so serious?
Acting so damn mysterious.
Got shades on your eyes  your heels so high that you can't even have a good time
: CelebrityTwitterPasswords Bieber's was 'mypenis' but it came up as too short.
not funny, Mitch!
Taking Risks in Stock Market Trading
Glad to report I survived...
RT : Email Subject of the Day: Lou is stuck in the elevator.
So now they cant find Zimmerman???
Wow ok...
RT : ADP India Ranked in Top 50 Best Companies to Work For 2012 by Great Places to Work Institute LG
Learn about the Sea Stars  the Sevengill Sharks that inhabit the bay, as we tour the Aquarium of the Bay this Saturday at 5:30pm.
I'll walk away and I never plan on looking back.
Happy Earth Day!
My phone now does everything but function as a phone.
Happy birthday balony!!
21 is ur best years!
enjoy it
Erica Lamm is sharing and soliciting tips for creating immediacy in the classroom at
knowing that you will never be good enough but still trying
Wtf!?
nyave rt.50 W into DC flooded E of kennilworth ave  BWprkwy w/ no signs, warning or traffic report.
ringglinglingligngg!
Thanks for the follow!!
love,
This movie NINJA is awful.
If u see it on netflix ...
leave it be.
Isn't the definition of choice an informed decision?
If you are prochoice, how/why is this proposed bill a bad thing?
any friend of blue moon is a friend of mine  pass the orange slices!
Of course you are!!
:
hey hun I wrote you a song maybe one day you will be able to listen to it
: : I feel old!!
your getting there lmfao Oo jkjust a tad bit lol
I have been up for about 27 hours my record for staying up is 32 hours lets see if I can break this ProtoSkar
lol!
Not sure why but the image of u holding tiny pink t makes me smile!
Amazing save by Martin Brodeur.
40 years old and still getting it done.
OMG.
Perfect!
i'm watching tomorrow's episode right now :D and ugh we're going to talk about everything that happens later:
Awwn oomf said he loves me :  
Stop by Georgetown Law School!
600 New Jersey Avenue
I'm sure they'll be good!

You ride on something the winter?
um, bad  ice skating, fucking  on the ass;
My daddy say she gone be spoil
i know a trusty worthy and reasonably priced mechanic in Madison.
I've been really happy with them  message me if interested
I Am Too Young For Tears In The Night.
Thank you!
Hope you had a fab weekend!
its not that far from Bergson to Deleuze.
Esp.
if you have read Nancy Munn
Freeforall w/o it!
RT : A4  This is a serious problem that most cos do not know how to manage  SM policy must be in place
Can't wait to be off work eating wings tho
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 8
I would make you come to Colorado and see you on snow!
Yes I did!!!
Do I needa show you the messaging list?!
Any chance some model rocket people are back there in the distance?
Those areas could be plume from parachute eject at apogee :
My friend saw u at the aquarium!
and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,33:D
Isn't life a bunch of Monday's?
joy in the mundane moments which make up life:
My life has just been degraded ninety percent.
:D
Waiting for the plane home is like waiting for christmas.
So excited.
Except flying is scary.
After bar with the snl cast and the farley brothers at Murphys...how cool is that?!
Playground Elite over NY Lightning, 8559.
Duane Wilson had 22 and Austin MaloneMitchell and Jake Lahinen added 15 each.
Yes, but the thing I've not heard from him, exactly, is it's a loss or disavowal of Britannica.
Internet distro is the victor.
U don't walk or jog in my neighborhood, U run for your life.
That's not really my area of expertise.
I can tell you how I treat my college students.
Setting up for my pisces!!!!
See you tonight with nadine rae a national blues band  8pm.
Proud Mary
Are you going to visit ?;
I can't wait for next year's Stevie B.
Superbowl Halftime Show.
Party Your Body!!!!
I do understand the rules of the game.
Just like some people like the DH rule in baseball and others don't.
Sports ref for ya :
My meetings at SXSW: Good ones and bad ones.
Amazing how all over the place people are w/ understanding new digital age.
Two picks.
Two Texans.
That's 100 folks.
Worst 3 point shooting ever fortunately it's both teams.
Let's go Heat get it together win this.
Thx for the follow.
Happy to reciprocate.
Looking forward to your posts.
Cheers!
mental break from my iOS/FB app answerking RoR koala questions, ha
ATTENTION Dems: MSM has totally made switch now in supporting over our President.
How can we counteract?
VOTE!
VOTE!
VOTE!
RIPDon Cornelius
just work a corner :
Thanks Mom, for everything  the list is long and extensive  but most of all, thanks for your continued love and support to this very day.
you are right about that, Karen.
Lodge is the best!
That is not to imply that we are unwilling to answer Qs  you can send them our way as well!
GOOD LUCK at your concert tonight!!
i know you will do great with i could be there but i live in UK lol
How's everything for you?
Thinking about my grandma right now..
Hope she is having one of her good days.
Oh no...hope you can get out soon!
RSVP: Pantheon Entertainment
he'd be like uh no sorry hahahaha I can see it now
haha it is so delicious!
Plus there is soo much food in the box!
He probably will budge!
:
Thanks for the responses, all  we have enough testers for now!
Have a great weekend!
Huuha Story of my life
Today 3 pm at the celebrate Earth Day with WITS!
30 HISD students will share awesome nature poems and stories....
People sometimes call me egg headed, I really do need to do something about that.
Does anyone know how to unstuck the top button on the iPod touch?
We provide homecare by assigning an angel companion to your home to care for your loved one.
Saturday...
May you hurry up please????
Sincerly, I'm Ready for DisneyLand!
Hiya Sam!
yu never did :
Thanks...your prayers and wonderful spirits really encourage and bless me...
The East Coast needs some love too!
When will you come to the PA, NJ or NY area???
But I got everything I'll ever need :
hello my tweets.
no i haven't forgotten...just crazy several months..
hope all well..
look forward to chatting with you soon HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
60s behaviorist proverb: Starve your pigeons to 80, they'll behave like like any lady or gent.
my belt buckle should be a mistletoe
That is a marketable skill, you know.
Unconstrained of mind, kids have the best thoughts.
Very interesting.
ah!
You're talking Negri  Hardt!
I thought you meant fiction.
I've read the 1st 2.
Didn't know there was a 3rd.
Step up 3 never gets old
do you not watch college bball?
The refs are like a soup opera!
This was our first visit.
Have read many bad reviews from offended people.
Can't take it personally!
We loved it!!
Eavesdoctorpping on conversation next to me: I'm not good at these new words today but I don't think ordoctorring a pizza qualifies as swag.
rather than delve further into your last tweet, we should probably just bail.
Thanks for the FF!
: hope you have an accidentfree Friday the 13th!
Be True to your Self in 2012!
Yo Mo!
When is my deadline??
Shit getting heated!
NSMN Bank turns NFL player's mortgage app down because he may not have a job this fall.
lol, surprisingly no.
It's temperance XD
fridayreads Too much stuff about Scandinavian countries, making me want to move to such.
Maybe a Scandinavian/Creole fusion restaurant?
I know he's my man it's all in my hands,it feels good when he call my name don't you wish you had the same?
Crazy, right?!
Brettanomyces is a best friend to great beer and a mortal enemy of wine.
Yeast is amazing stuff!
These celebs support our cause: We are so grateful!
I tried to start studying last night.
It literally took me 2 hours to understand what stocks/bonds were and I already forgot
spraycandoctorss Simply Amazing.
And, yes, nothing short of Gagaworthy.
Super surprised that I woke and went to the gym
Pick up Shorty's family platter for dinner tonight!
Ribs, chicken, slicedpulled pork, baked beans, cole slawfries.
There are over 140 types of pasta in Italy.
Theres the bowtie one, the swirly one err alphabetti spaghetti.
Thats 3 anyway.
Nice RT: Tonight In Babylon Remix voted 1 Record on Ferry Corsten's Coutdown
yam Think of your presentation as an analysis vs.
a pitch Edward Tufte
Airport spur closed Westbound until end of year.
Detour on Howell or Howard to downtown.
He just gave me something to think about
Jenny just rented 10 Whirlwind bikes to Riverwest Outdoor Enterprises for the MPS bike ride!
W00t!
Post some on my facebook!
Listen to Cinnamon toast crunchin for some ideas ;
Coming up at 7:10 on Jury continues to deliberate in Amy Senser trial.
Will they come to a decision?
What is your favorite Web 2.0 tool or software to to engage your students?
Ready!
Set!
Go!
hi VINNY I haven't been on so my 1st tweet goes out 2 u love u
Are you going to Music Under Glass tonight?
If so, say hi to our RSVP members volunteering!
Thanks for the follow, love.
So stoked for the iPad 2S unveiling on March 7th!
I am so sorry to hear about your mother..I lost my father last month.
She will be in my Prayers.
Ew school tomorrow!
Don't want to go...
I know we don't all have the time to bake, but you can at least use a high end bakery that does it right!
None of that fake stuff!
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a doctors office.
Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
well you look adorable!!
You can carry the torch :
I'm excited!
The real question is, can I maintain excitement?
just landed in LA and heading to hotelthrillist awesomeness awaits!
yay!
Tell me where to upload!
Testing Ping to see if it works for me...
So, hello World!
TONIGHT  UV Friday and Silent Noise with Special Guest DJ's Silence, Morningstar, DJ Dexter  Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
Massage after long night of doctornking.
Great hangover medicine.
I need to quit competitive doctornking.
Yes!
Reader privacy is just as important as intellectual freedom and information literacy!!
hahaaaaaa dats a perfect combination rite there my dawg!!ill b back n da rotation soon!LOL
ALL MY HOES LOVE ME.
25 stopping at every buffet in search of clam strips and macn cheese  almost the entire coastal width of Mississippi and Alabama
ok but r u the meghan in jeghan?
its 30 in pleasant north dakota...
summer can't come fast enough!
Lip rings 
13 of users click through incentivized video on Zynga.
really?
and best combo is Goober Cocktail, ice cold in glass bottle with Ga peanuts.
Classic Southern treat.
There's only ONE thing I never understood.......
sure, I'll dm you my number.
Wanna feel like the smartest person in the room go to the polls in NorthCarolina!
...and yes, i think it would be fun to chuck it all and go live on a sailboat.
I've been wondering the same thing!
Every1 diving so slow  stupid 2day..
Getn frustrated out here..
Awkward chickfila.....
We just had a really fun fire doctorll here The man from the fire dept was really nice and funny.
It's the little things, you know?
House music, open bar and free entry...
Our 3 favorite things!
They can be yours too!
Every Thursday only in !
I love you girl!
shakebake
Would like to chat with you about your linked data ideas re
I will check out thinkweasel.com.
Had not thought about graphic novels but sounds like an interesting idea!
Have you tried that new cookie frapp yet?!
I need it asap.
I love Adele!!
Melting Steel with Royer ZVS Induction Heater  ac capacitors
The WaltzAstoria comes to mind!
It's on a far end of Queens, Check it out.
it's astounding how often people misuse it's/its.
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, people.
That's when we're supposed to learn the difference.
At the lil sis's swim meet...
Gosh its hot in here
YW!..please do the same!
Tweeting about the rally?
Tag your tweets Obama2012 for a chance to be featured on the big screen or the livestream.
Had some great meeting with coaches, travel coaches, and some parents about National Scounting Report, things are rolling  having fun
umm....who lied to you...
We are gona be at the attic tonight handing out cds and pitting, come hang!
Ok now water, only cause the beer is gone.
I need an assistant that has the same ear for music....
You did once Jason
Can't wait till i get a car.
I'll keep always keep my word when I plan to hang out with someone.
crust punks ftw
What are your Thanksgiving plans?
Do you travel someplace and leave the cooking to someone else or do you have everyone over to your place?
Ahh my first, sweet taste of air conditioning this season .
Thanks!
Peace cannot be kept by force.
It can only be achieved by understanding.
YOUR WORK IS THE TRUTH HOMIE
Wing Night is Back Tonight!
Mac and Cheese taking a break until fall...
no problem :
Going to school tomorrow I Wanna see my friends so bad
porcupine is a code word, right?
We can give you the forecast, but not the ski resort reported snow depth levels.
Get those from On the Snow.
We do the rest
We did report them.
SPCA was backed up.
She died the next week.
Changed my name from to Because I'm close to grad and I do a lot of archaeology work now.
Havent tweeted in a while.
So sorry.
My mac broke and i just got a new one so im setting it up.
But ill be sure to tweet you guys later ;
Get at me  Beats for the Low
Yep  it's storming and the power just flickered.
Gotta find the candles!
My 20mo old nephew is yelling GO DEEP!
before throwing a ball to his dog.
Get prepared for The MisEducation
Maybe it will have a bowling alley, branch library, and a gun range.
Good for 350 daysnight per year.
I just spoke to Jenny in Career Services.
She said you might be interested in a student blogger position!
any nick, but that was a good one :
Awesome!
Saw some fun pics on Facebook : RT : Thx 4 all your help.
Monday's launch went great.
real talk, i'm convinced the Trader Joe's all purpose cleaner I just used is actually just green campari.
yes please!;
4.1million new private sector jobs, OBLdead, kids w/ PECs now covered, auto ind saved, no Depression, Iraq War over, no DADT
Oh man.
I was a huge Bill Nye fan.
Great mothers day 2day!
College daughter surprised me by coming home for a visit!
Best surprise ever!
LOL We shall see...
Anyone get Skyrim or Modern Warfare 3 over the last week?
You would be surprised at the things I search on Google.
Sometimes I even shock myself.
Thanks so much for the Tweet!
Thanks for putting me in!
Boy I put on a good poker face..
Tonight was really hard.
God help me find ground with this, because I can't stop worrying.
are you?!
Arms raised above head right ?
What up all of our NY followers!!
And our bus just doctorve right by.
Hey Lady.
I really loved your Bentonville video.
Tried to make the ugliest tie dye for josue...
It turned out beautiful.
We're just too good.
Uganda Resurrects Plan to Hand over Protected Forest to Sugar Company
OH ya hahaha.
do george clooney and brad pitt love each other more than their significant others?
THANK YOU THANK YOU for an EPIC night!You have no idea how much I needed thatBest Comedy Show EVER!
I freakin LOVE you K!!
Honestly, I feel they are being very disrespectful to a show that gave them a chance of a lifetime.
OH NO's!
What's the GOP gonna do when they run out of old white people?
wow!
Eagles!
New Jersey doctorvers are quite impatient.
I think you have to move at the precise point when a light turns green or the severe honking starts.
i really don't know what to say ...
what's your point in airing this in such a public way?
Got a splitting headache
yea them iconic boyz helped ratings but na my bro and iamme had ppl not watchin da show unless they were on
Yo, what do I need to get again?
I totally forgot what you said in my doctornken haze.
To the kid wearing the pacman shirt walking down the street.
You're cool.
I want your shirt.
You strike again, backspin.
Award Tour when I need to go to PT.
Great day to eat chili and wear a hoodie
do you tell kiddless people happy mothers day?;o
Great idea!
Get dibs at tripdibs.com!
lock in a low rate and use whenever you want!
Tom's recap of meeting all of the NFL Head Coaches last weekend.
Great stories and some surprises, too.
Plus you KNOW we're talking...
Wanna go to a Spanish party !!
pretty sure I can get the vespa.
the spider monkey might be tricky.
would you accept a fish tank with a shark in it's place?
Taylor's donation will fund what will be known as the Taylor Swift Education Center, an exhibit  classroom space to be opened in 2014!
Holy balls.
Mark Eaton is talking to me o:
RT : ...
Talk about learner engagement instead.
devlearn
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is...
Don't.
The first 20 minutes of the sex club with nausea music and Noé's handheld spin of a mess is almost as bad as the rape.
xx I love love love IVAN.
Degree Verification for the Spring 2012 semester will be available after June 18, 2012.
The audience asks about CFB bringing communities together, and if that is reason to include it in academia.
Eyes closed reached into fridge/cupboard for dinner ings.
Chicken, pasta, green onions, beans, pesto, romano cheese...maybe reach for more
just realized seems the glass I get is always half full....
Of crown and coke!
IOHs vision of sustainable mission dovetails well with Bishop Nhanalas expressed wish to avoid a relationship of dependency.
I'm a Walk About Ambassador!!
Can't wait, this is just what I needed!
some motivation!
:
Yeah yeah!
Social Media Marketing: 27 Stats, Soundbites, and Slides
Shit.
Really I want to steal approximately 50 of the books I check out from
Health and Economic Rights Press Conference today!
Let's take a stand for women's rights!
Breaking: accident on Mass Pike east in Weston.
One mile before tolls.
Huge backup.
Mani  pedi before the hubby and I escape to PV, Mexico tomorrow!
Why is twitter broken?!
I saw at the mall today, with he friend!:
but ima be coming on more often now !!
becuz i miss you all so much
Thanks for the reminder to be thankful for what I have.
I was getting started to my day thinking about what I have not.
Yep.
it's absolutely HUGE in the major fall lines.
u just made me miss my Xbox smh I was bout to say me!
But unfortunately I traded my Xbox
this is so hard for me
Thanks Friend!
: ILoveYourAVI
I'm losing my voice!!
Getting sick!!!
Hate being sick!!!
That was the fastest hour of my life, it almost went by like it was one minute
If you could be any mascot, who would you be?
I'm so excited!
Last working day before the New Year.
I'm sure this one is going to be productive ;
try spelling it Fred.
I should be asleep...Z.
nottiredatall :
I've never had anything but kind service at GL.
Same for PN.
Kooky, sure, but always friendly.
NOAA  Sea Grant New England meeting focus on climate science communications Monday  looking forward to it.
Fk It Dude let's Go Bowl RT : The Manute Bowl
Just became one of the worst nights of my life
hey whats up?
:
it was u only have one sip dude we did.it all
Aw step boys :
Looks like the packers  steelers are playing on a concrete surface.
Whats with the injuries?
Go Pack!
They say the beautifulest things in life are free
The amount of time I spend unable to sleep because I'm obsessing over story values and plot structures is getting kind of unacceptable.
MY MOM  MARVELOUS OVERCOMING MOTHER
This negro just went straight Cozmos on me!!!!
Lmao
Adopted 2nd kitty, named her Hildegard
Its is what it is and it is what it ain't is
where oh where is
Actually...I'm not past the first episode of this season.
need to catchup.
but glad she dumped that guy!!
I've been to Northern California and liked that a lot.
I really want to check out Portland and Seattle.
Vanilla, strawberry, knickerbocker, glory...
are we the only ones that get lights for commencement
20ThingsAboutMe: I love fishing 
sure thing.
we will be sending over a few cases of noodles!
I'm a Crazy Bitch, but don't really care, 'cuz I love be myself c:
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy: remain loyal.
You could build a stronger audience if 's website was inclusive of EVERY TV provider...AHEM!
RT Koolaid no sugar..ham no burger..peanut butter no jelly?
ReallyDude  Yall aint never got two things that match
YOU!
GET PEEPS TO FOLLOW US!!!
Best place to eat in the PDX airport?
Good morning!
Who else is up bright and early today?
who usually tweets or ????
Or both perhaps??
That blimpie sandwich 
get it done already.
We all know the division is yours but the suspense of waiting is a killer.
Happy mothersday mom
If I ever get a really small dog, I'm going to name it Cooper...right before I shoot myself...
I can't believe March is already underway....
Seems like last week was January 1st!
So my birthday is around the corner and I JUST realized this today.
LOL ...
Be cool before I throw a.
Cold cut sandwich Yo way
tell me if we're in diff classes today please D:
RT : May the 4th be with you!
I still have not started upgrading my resume.
I just finished a 4.08 mi run with a pace of 9'30/mi and a time of 38:48 with Nike GPS.
I been working hard
Congress has asked that North Carolina raise two battalions for the Continental Army.
just got my daughter the cutest sandals
Winter is here.
Yes, love Missing also...huge Ashley Judd fan.
I saw Bayonetta 2 and I was so happy.
Then I saw the rest of sentence...
so sad.
that's awesome!
I love spontaneous trips!!!
Have fun :
Experiencing Seattle weather in San Diego today!
Rain, rain, go away...
don't come back some other day.
Too cold to work outside, dammit!
You are a lady, not Toad of Toad Hall!
Yes sir i fucks witchu..
me n my patnah got a businiess going my nigga if you can fuck wit me.
you know quabo already its olnly like 5 o ...
What a scumbag
Oh Yeah Bitch FuckIt' For Real Now !
Yes!
Feel free to continue to send me any photos of Joe Namath that you run across.
Studies have shown that nye is the 2nd biggest party day of the year.
2nd to little 5, of course
clean  friendly.
only bitchy person i met when i was there was a waitress at a cafe.
but i think she was an american...
This is a full blown out Concert.....
MSU GRADUATION
Cleaning up dinner and heading to tball practice!
Michele is sitting in the car.....listening to TREOS with her eyes closed pretending to be at the show right now.
Ahahah
Thank you for allowing us to honor you this month!
Keep up all your good work!
I just did.
Thank you!
It's dazzling!
So exciting!!!!
Praise  Jubilation are upon you.
Hope this week keeps going the way it has been3
Emerging band play Ho Hey tonight on Conan O'Brien /
been saying that for the last 2 weeks!
I totally agree!
Still Orange Bowl Champs!!!
Holy Christ.
Just recharged and awakened from a serious doctoram.
Kanye was on to a thought with that.
what's a king to a god baby mindblown
thank you 3 btw Happy Easter!
:
Hope everyone is having a wonderful Merry Christmas!
So I take my bowl out, get my apple jacks.
Pour my cereal in my bowl.
Go to the fridge  there's no more milk ...
I love it!
:D Thanks for passing it on!
Happy New Year !
Dear rednecks shooting off guns, please try and miss our house, Thank you!
Going to Oktoberfest in Rochester tomorrow night
I emailed you about another issue two days ago but haven't heard back.
Is email help under a different system?
my life story !
I sit it!: I have had many activities that to do!:/and time I do not even have of connecting!
Saturday morning soccer w/  our niece.
Bringing vuvuzelas next week.
how is The cochella?
If you're serious about the health of your constituents: cosponsor the FRAC Act.
That was a loud boom
ice creamSwitched At Birth marathon great night
You who are on the road must have a code that you can live by.
And so, become yourself...cuz the past is just a good bye.
I fathered your whole style you could say I'm the Best Dad, Quick on the doctorw like a portable sketch pad
Oh.
Buddy.
You need to not do that again.
Put In Good WORK Today Proud Of Myself!
:
agreed looks bad for Bo and the program.
what's inspired such a radical change?
Why did I just now stumble across Fiddle Tunes for Banjo with Bill Keith, and ?
So.
Very.
Good.
Kentucky taken that title
The Hunger Games was the sht everyone go watch it even if you haven't read the book it was a cool movie 
be you and no one else cuz you is pretty amazing:
Your efforts are greatly appreciated!
what was your trade?
Did you short it?
RT : Just fucking witnessed a doctorg deal outside of 's house.
Seriously!
RT : Jesus, people.
Come the hell on.
RT Thank you RT : make a damn lay up..
you suck
Visit our new website www.LuxeCourtier.com
RT : Have a wonderful day to you!
Hope you had a fantastic holiday!/Thanks, you too!
74 degrees and not a cloud in the sky, gotta love LA in the winter time
let's work people!!!!
RT for that good ol' follow
otay thanks ill message you
I wish the band Gotye  their song Somebody That I Used to Know was actually Somebody That I Used to Know enough of that fuckin song already
Beyonce speaks on those 39;crazy39; pregnancy rumors
At the walmart in Branson I started taking pics of random weirdos :
yeah I can bring it..
Seattle is hosting the nation's largest Vegetarian food festival, Vegfest, this Saturday and Sunday at the Seattle Center's Exhibition Hall
Pretty sure Kermit still feels that it's not easy being green....
lol
Back to school......
GREATT.
not
Jean Chamberlin, VP at Boeing told how they use Birkman assessment to build trust rapidly, understand strengths and close gaps on teams!
Hasn't been the same for me since they doctorpped Teddy Pendergrass' version.
I have approx 1 metric ton of books waiting for me ...apparently, I thought Spring Break was longer...
Rather slow lately...
yawn.
I know!
Don't be a stranger now that u have my 
Feeling unproductive.
Anyone got a remedy?
What a great day discussing all things mobile!!
I mean.
Unless you want actual realism in your tattoos..
Thanks Darling but it's really a congrats to my talent!
They are AMAZING!!!
They listen, learn, and are proactive!
Luv them!
I have been asked to fill out questionnaires, interview, convert to veganism...
TheChemicalBrothers are so good.
That awkward moment when I'm winded from running....
No wait...
Walking up to the third floor of PHS
Cafe tuotu on 2816 M St Georgetown a real gem at the gateway
this is boring i'm leaving this depressing timeline okay bye
the obvious choice would be to go home with me for two months!
Top of the Morning!We'll have some awesome coffee for sale today.Dave's roasting right NOW!Come in,mention this tweet for a free 12oz coffee
Quickies RT : : jumped on me this morning to wake me up and then went back to sleep  lol I got tired.

HBO says it's cancelling horse racing series Luck' following deaths of 3 horses
say it like you mean it!
all good : Thanks!
People Seh Mi Love Yuh Till Mi Fool...
Just Know Yuh Ah Mi Star...
Yuh Ah Mi Sun...
Yuh Ah Mi Moon.
thoughts on Yankees/ Stubhub ?
remember that time a few years back when that guy had a tiger in his apt in Harlem?
I had Rangers in 6 over Yankees, but didn't tell anyone!
Just to be safe, let me send this out to the interwebs: Rangers in 5 v.
SF.
Watching Figure Father on vimeo.
Great story.
I am tired as a book.
In other news, I'mma talk about how annoying but equally hilarious it is to work in a place that uses an intercom system.
We get so much rain in Portland I lost track of Joan Wilder while mowing the back yard.
I might know where The Jewel is now though.
...I am sure the outcome will be brilliant.
cool thanx : !!
that's how it usually is lol.
you  your friends goin?
Love that shelf!
Let's go cavs, finish the season with a W
didn't expect the flavors to mingle as they did.
The Sweet, sharp onions, sour pickles...
It was different.
Worth a try
You're sweet.
It's my call.
Time for me to do something new.
somehow, I'm not surprised.
:
RT : Yoo I want to make more videos of them just hanging out !
:' Too funny !
my dad said she said she was going to cook n she just left saying she aint n i aint bringing nun back..i cant see your text
What?
That has gotta be fake.
Anybody can buy a share in a horse.
Lots of partnerships out there.
Toocomplicated taxes for 1040EZ.
Purchased 3 discounted registrations before they sold out via Living Social for the event in August.
Have 2 willing kids :
Ah that's a great excuse actually lol doctorve safe!
There are way too many Alex's and Zachs at Concordia.
Fastest way to get me to stop respecting your opinion is to tell me this Neyo/Pitbull song isn't the best thing you've ever heard.
The heart condition isn't keeping Watson from continuing.
The need for a scholarship is.
College sports, everyone!
but for some reason you always do follow Fridays when I'm at school : maybe in the summer!
LOVE YOU ARI
how'd ya get so famous and.., dont let it be short lived.
congrats!
Picking out an interview outfit is hard bro.
Find someone that will not allow you to fight your battles alone.
A person that WILL love you at your best AND your worst.
First time at Betsy's with ma girls , katelyn and BOB!!!
have then reply on here
So not fun.
Hope you feel better soon!
I would really hope figuring out the hypoglycemia helps keep away the migraines too.
I'm not saying that all are like this but a great majority are and it's sickening!
Thank you for following.
Nice to meet you.
Made meself some chicken soup.
The Black Lung shall not conquer!!!!
Have a lovely evening, my friends!
I just love our black women and I never look at them in a negative way they are the definition of STRONG but I hate ratchets.
this one has lasted a year!!!
been supporting my music ever sense myspace days!
Oh, no!
Sorry to hear that, but yay for wine!
I am really liking The Carrie Diaries.
Just bought 3 of your new teas.
Can't wait to try them.
I've been thinking about starting tea  what better then yours.
The best prewedding party ever!!
Thank you for a fabulous day of pampering.
Love the salon!
Be ready for a lot of box steps and skipping!
don't follow in my footsteps because you might trip on something I jumped over.
It should be extension of experience
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday :
THANK YOU!!
Wow.
Awesome film.
U gt Brad Young, Nekisa C., et al.
A lovly projec.
Muchsuccess2u.
With all the recent developments from , now would be a great time for to send out those invite codes.
Customer: How come the Board of Health hasn't come in and closed you up?
Waiter: They're afraid to eat here.
Oh, you are one of those.
I only eat Cherrios with enough sugar to get a glucose shake at the bottom.
Fighting against the Twitter tendency to make people appear as one dimensional caricatures of themselves...
I'm a bit like Mitchell Johnson in that my bowling surprises no one more than me.
Awesome show last night at AFTH, looking forward to seeing Merle in Portsmouth, NH Fri, April 20
Its been a week already  i haven't gotten a letter..Hm,
Finally had an aha moment and found the root of a bug after like a week banging my head against it.
And of course it's stupidly simple.
it's way easier and less messy that way
great to see you too!
Loved your set and Josh's doctormming :
Owning an original work by a culturally significant artist is a wise choice.
Owning a work that is unique and one you love, priceless.
Thanks for all those who attended PIA Expo yesterday and stopped by our booth!
..twitter land, got more football to watch.
Copyright  EPICS, all rights reseved...!!!
Nah, sorry,only 'messing' with
She needs makeup to cover up because society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
It's always so good to haveThat1friend to talk to about everything!
I can't believe I'm watching people get excited over a hockey game.
Am I in America?
We were playing this game little red school jouse in homeroom and we trying to get out the teach allasudden mike yells out im not gay
I'm begging you to be my escape.
president Chris Canetti not only wants revenge for 2009 vs LA, he says he wants MLS Cup celebration in Houston next Tuesday.
dont be so sure, City branding as Champs will see a rash of investment toward turnover.
Fake or not
Waiting to see if I got cast in the Romeo and Juliet production I auditioned for.
I'm dying over the zebra one!
I'm praying for you Treasa.
Stay strong girly.
3 I promise you'll get through this.
I know it's so hard.
3 Smile.
Oil, And all that that implies.
Killed my arms at the gym today felt good.
thanks for RT :
Where there is no vision, the people perish
March Madness!
those neon sweat suits remind me of the black eyed peas episode....
RT: Women love good company and great food.
Put on your calendar for next November in Greenwood, IN  Teen Film Festival  you'd be a great MC for it!
all you need to fix societal race problems is a really pretty white woman
What am I doing
Contact for RB
Thank all the gods of all the pantheons!
Just made some new bangers man!!!!!!!!
i got beats for dayz 500
MAGGS ENDS IT!!!
you should collaborate with
I was tryna see this lil girl for her birthday..but she wanna have a random attitude!
oh i see Rory is in this episode
Sunday 1130 Einstein stage, Eat A Bug, Save The World
I don't know man :/ this is weird
Hi Dolls!
referred me to you for my hot music video I am styling!
I'd love to come pull some pieces!
xox
All my bad bitches I can see ya halo 
Oh...You're a...child!
Heh.
For some reason I thought you were older!
:P
Does screaming thank you really seem appreciative?
nic , what language is gun shot in ?
how you been !!
i havent been able to come on
YAY!
My mommy has her vacation this week.
:D I get to hang with my mommy more.
: LOL.
I sounded like a little kid.
:3
devl environment is clean.
Moving files from devl into production requires additional SKILLS.
dmp
best post ever!!!
about an hour!!
RT: Think of a number.
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is three.
You MindBlown
i need some real followers, not those spaammy people.
Thanks Herb!
well thank you so much!
It means a lot!
Share it with your friends and followers if you like :
I think needs to get their crap together and actually show the program that's on the schedule.
I want Flipping out not Housewives!
so ready dude!
And we'll have the dog!
if those arent quotes or songs, then keep ya head UP!
You'll find tha right person!
Look atchu!!:
alimonti is a like a pegasus or a narwhal
good day misterpresident!!!
Just ate a fresh maine lobster, steamers, and steak tips.
The best meal i've had in a while!
Microsoft Word Documents show the pure ingenuity of folks to do anything by almost any means possible.
oh good...you changed your avatar...again.
Recent GCP followers to check out
PghPC Don't forget to register to attend our upcoming event at Buckhead Saloon October 27 www.tinyurl.com/PPCGhostHunt
omfg I know D;
: Thanks for the RT Melissa!
Have a wonderful weekend!
me either!
When are you coming?
why not both?
There's more than 1 meal in a day
Advice: read your tweets aloud before you hit send.
I did with this one, so you know it's a foolproof system.
Great start to the week!
even if they did it never stopped.
I will give my Dad a hard time because he's a Cubs fan, but that's it.
All in good fun.
Getting ready to hit the airwaves on with  hit us up with any questions or thoughts on the season
Thanks for making us part of your evening!
remember buddy icons??
we will figure it out.
No worries.
I should not find this so funny
you made my day by retweeting my tweet!
:D Thnx!
Haha.
3
ride.
obviously.
no problem.Don't ever let anyone tell you your not good enough...because you are REALLY amazing at it.
The Myans are known for a focus on the under world  Satanic things.
Who wants their information?
the one that you hunger for
RT quit being possessed by your possessions....
Put a smile on my face.
Of course, how can you not smile at a very large bunny?
Happy mothers day to all those mothers that passed away because of cancer may you r.i.p
Absolutely true story ...
just spent 20 minutes standing in line behind ELVIS at Tobin Library waiting to vote early.
Craving Olive Garden...
and I had it monday.
I AM!!
RT: Who else is excited to see U2 at FedEx Field tonight?
Am I the only one that finds it odd that we live in a world where Greg Anthony is a spokesman for a major appliance company?
New iPad, new way to reward your loyalty.
Ask your hostess on how to get started on your Youll be racking up points in no time!
Why do guys like to cheat can anyone give me your answer?
I know
Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change, a Workshop.
Haig Armen,
enjoyed your site!!!
Can you follow our card store
MY LITTLE SISTER JUST ASKED ME WHAT MASTERBATING WAS.
OH MY GOD.
see you on Thursday!!!
that's my favorite way to enjoy coffee.
Dark and Black!
I hate typos .
Survivor  Eye Of The Tiger
I will.
: Follow me please?
I worked with a lady experiencing shingles last week.
She came in today and told me her shingles are gone.
Happy Scotty Day!
You're my hero!
And iloveyou so dearly!
Reply to me?
There are 3 kinds of people, those who make things happen, those who watch what happens, those who ask what happened?
MAKE IT HAPPEN !
Lakers getting blownOUT
Surprised to see Ed Lynch here tonight!
Mostly running the higherpaying shows again like last year.
i needed this day off.
i've not even done anything useful but i feel so much better!
two more days before classes as well.
ohcollege :
Happy V day to the lovers
For reals?Thats tightit wasnt till i decided to go back to school that I remembered seeing them in the source,lol.
Legendary
Tonight is playing the show starts at 9PM, be sure to come early because it's going to be a full house!
DailyQuote: Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Four old rich WhiteMale Christians will do their best to convince a multi ethnic, multi faith, multi class nation why they should be TopDog.
I will be in Austin for the USGP.
See you there?
I'm turning down deals like I Don't Need The Paper....
I love my blendboys and i love my belcantogirls good work to them all!
:
I NEED a CM 9 fix for the TMobile Galaxy S2 T989.
What's the word?
welcome to twitter!
thanks for the follow, bro!
Anyone have wedding DJ recommendations?
Send 'em my way if you do!
we miss you!
Work 07001500...
Then nothing let me know what's up....
I slept in my bath robe last night...it was so cold : Nothing compared to snowy Amsterdam though...
FF Follow expo expert of for great insights on everything about tradeshows.
In case you missed it....
And this one belongs to the Reds!
No word yet.
I will keep trying to get ahold of her and get back to you.
SCHWABY!
congratulates on his 40u40 award!
One of the best
i'm sorry doesn't mean what it used too.
do you have a story of how he inspired you?
you cansend it to if you want :
Much appreciated bud!
I don't think so it's just the truth!
awesome...
keep me posted.
Please, PLEASE stop asking if I want to download your app EVERT TIME I click a link to a Slate article on my phone.
why must you taunt me with these delicious twitpics??!
Watching the Amazing Race!!
good morning world.
time for a nap
Jeez, Pens.
Save some for the next 13 games.
U at the game?
Hahahahaha!
Oh god, I'm dying.
I could never be that outfront about anything.
I admire you for that, kiddo.
:P
Good Morning!!
Thanks for the RT!
please follow me thanks :
and all: Do the nontraditional spaces help build aud that doesn't usually go to thtr?
too funny.
are you sure it wasn't a botox pamphlet?
yea, same here lol
I've taken like 4 naps today, this weather is 
Leaving town to go down and see my grandparents.
racking up on some doctorving hours!
Watch me not grind my teeth in frustration at this meeting
too bad you don't do word feud!
Thanks for the RTs!
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 26
It's like you finally find what you're looking for, but it's too late.
Hmm.
Never have been disappointed but perhaps surprised.
Have you ever dated guy that lied abt his age, name, and marital status
I always have time for my lovely daughter!!
:
Still allowing guesses for final Wisconsin bball score.
Guess now for a chance to win a GEEBZ car decal!
good night tini martini, love you :
You just got rejected R E J E C T E D rejected
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!56
Rush Limbaugh may be dead, breaking story.....
Okay; I'm seriously serious going to bed now!!!
Good night friends
Remember those 80degree days when I told you it was gonna snow again?...Who's the dick now?
Y does she tell me now I was having a good day till now ....
Now I cant think right : I feel sick
: THEY KILLED KILLER, B!
HalfBaked I am a master of the custodial arts!
Victim of car theft raises strong objections to release of alleged intoxicated doctorver
Tune in, writing tweeps!
RT : Head's up, I'm going to do editreport tomorrow.
This is both a warning and an invitation ;
Companies, hospitals and non professort organizations alike have found CST works
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
Woody Allen
Joshua Ballentine aka 'm glad you finally settled on a twitter name!
but in the age of kickstarter, libs need to get over that
Maybe one of the best nights ever?
Maybe yes.
Working hard to meet the launch date for Ebuxing.com.
It is going to be close.
May be about a week late, but we will see.
Almost there.
Measure your website's performance with improved Site Speed reports
Today's tip: Don't waste calories on doctornks.
One 12 oz soda packs 150200 calories!
Stick to sugar free ice tea, sparkling water  water.
Historically low interest rates.
Now is a great time to buy I can help find your doctoram house
A Fuck nigga that's that shit I don't like!
Loved your pic book list!
Some of my favs are there too!
Yes I did!
It was good seeing you though  miss you sis!
ZLAM
It looks like we will have to put another restaurant on our it list.
50 minute wait for our food.
dinnerfail Christos :
Finally finished Harry Potter.
A decade under the influence.
Last day of class!!!!
Wahooooo!!
Im just warning you that its really hard to get comfortable in those cramped ass seats.
I think the Miss America contest should display/judge the individuals philanthropic activities!
jammin to some blues and lovin it
great pick there for your team!
's Tim Ternes will be at TOMORROW at 7:30pm in College Theatre.
Fullsized Heritage Bible on display only 1/31.
There is nothing wrong with just wanting to be happy
Hell yeah man!!
Calloused!
I miss it man....did you ever get a copy of The Thunder Rolls?
I'd go all out.
Let's pick noma and see how we can make it suck.
what do the neighbors say?
RT : Why would you want 100 connected devices?
The people in the audience here at MobilizeConf could probably tell you why!
omg yes!!!
see you guys later this week  and I may be stopping in multiple times..!
Where can I check your music out at...
Just went through iLounge pavilion, its hoppin!
Today is a Big Day for Chicago Run!
Our schools have just passed a total of 100,000 MILES!
Way to go!
More big news is to come!
I posted a video of Roseanne herself, telling us why she will be a good president.
Look it up on my TI
aw ;c
negative, i have both friends and family visiting this weekend.
what's the topic?
Thanks!
We'll let the crew know.
Have a great evening!
RT : your people at Folsom Blvd are great
That's cool.
It's some of the things I do as well.
didnt get your last message:
Ok, a high school senior made a VERY wide turn..so wide that she ended up on the wrong side of the street  slammed into my friends car.
Yep
u r the best.u will prove it this year.my  is on u
Just ordered a cute collar for the kitty from !
Check them out!
THANKS, it's an AWESOME week, still riding the Nashville SDCConf high!
Met some great people  inspiration is soaring!
Agreed!
Ha!
RT : RT : These raspberry cookies from subway is addictiveman u said sum then.
RT : My new follower, impressive company promoting U.S.
indie artists/bands MUSIC ZONE out their site...
At the Senior Exits.
Last day of class DONE!
Ready to go home n chill
awww Zach you made my day!
Thanks!
You are sweet!
: Tells reporters to monitor SM to know what news the community is breaking.
I loved The Art of Fielding, too.
Great Hitchcock quote.
One more time  Daft Punk

And my picture result shows Mary and Joseph with a young Jesus I think I should send this to !
: hope he's better soon.
You're in my prayers.
Fresno mention on
i ate jelly beans :p haha
what in the world where you doing there??!
aha
This weekend Shawnee Mall 1 pm to 4 pm
happy new year for you too :
Game 4 Van vs.
LA
Lakers not makin 2nd Round not even MJ was taken 7 games like that the lakers era been over
hopefully I knock dese 24 mo tracks out n let my cerebelum breath....lol
My nose even hurts
lol.
Shelly's got my back!
For the record, he was very nice!
The USA Field Hockey Olympic Committee have a print of this painting!
IfIHadThePower I'd go invent a time machine and go back in time to try to stop 9/11
Filming the episode 4 from the season 2!
I cant wait for all of you to see it!
Sometimes you just have let go, throw yourself into your art.
Just let it free fall from you to the canvas.
Be bold, release fear.
as long as I update with the new shit I won't :
Excited for a fun photo shoot with Jeff Frost today with makeup by the amazing !
we're just outside SF, near Daly City.
Had to find a compromise commute between Palo Alto  the city!
This World Series game just doesn't want to end.
I'm not sure CatchingFire needs someone like Cuaron...just someone competent who can learn from Ross' missteps.
Oh wow.
I'd love to be able to block hashtags on !
thanks for the RT about the jazz and kids programming coming up during JAM2012!
Here with Mayra M talking about bellies :p
I'd like to have a unibrow party for my 26th Bday.
All attendees will be given a unibrow for the night.
GO FOR IT!!
that is awesome!
Xoxo Gossip Girl ;
it was already set w/ the bailout of Lockheed and the bailout of Chrysler in the 70s.
We tend to repeat bad policy.
looks like a baseball tailgate
2008 BMW X3  San Marcos Toyota  bags vacuum belts
Robb, we are now in section 318 if you want to celebrate our inevitable victory....
Ah shucks Andy.
That's really nice of you.
Thanks.
lmao I don't think that :p
Really pumped to see Cappy on the mound tonight, because I'm happy he has made yet another recovery  that being said...
I hope we pound him
my tv obviously just doesn't like your voice because when you go to talking, it glitches and goes all wacko.
RT : The THREE people involved in BULLYING: BULLY  TARGET  BYSTANDER
The Paladin mission is kicking my ass.
fuck a bitch
challenges 's plan that allows mayoral signoff after it goes to a committee.
This Monday is ruining my weekend plans.
Already.
that makes sense.
Although that trip to Marshall would be long.
But not to many 4a's in this area.
Anyone has kik ?
:
affordable?
Not really.
AH RO YOU'RE SO CUTE AH
propofol worked perfectly: I remember nothing; waiting for biopsy results in about a week
Pancakes make you feisty.
i saw and chilled with mike as he waited for the bus in his bed and breakfast blue shir
In 24 hours time Kempton Park Racecourse will be opening their gates to thousands of Olly Murs fans!
Who's going?
Thank you so much, may the Lord grant you a peaceful and holy season of Lent!
wow!
i mean really, wow!
weekend.
in the office back in pearland!
doing what i do best.
Oh, it's amazeballs!
If the Grizzlies loose this game then I'm going to smack a Grizzlies cheerleader.
Come to marion!
Jeez!
RT : Searcy is so Boring.
NO WE GONNA BE AT BABYSITTIN CLASS WHEN TICS GO ON SALE cry
You logged on cause yo love On lmao
NP: He won't go  Adele
Tim Cook takes to the stage today for Apple.
Must be okay since APPL managed to climb a little in the market today.
I'm taking belly dancing and boot camps this month my Skinnylicious Resolution and you could win a prize to reach your goals!
bit.ly/x1d9Nr
I have too much time on my hands Haha
The Prosciutto and Goat Cheese is to die for!
WellDone2 coulda been better but its still good
Happy All Hallows Eve everyone!
You two getting the hang of it?
Glad to have you both on the site!
I can have that social media effect on people.
I also cause people to bloat.
U have been warned of the side effects.
Per the PPD, the registration and inspection are current so per the code they cannot tow the vehicle.
you know its probably mad high.
please God let me win the jackpot  lol
Fabulous talk today by Andoctorw Hankinson, PhD candidate from McGill U, on optical music recognition applications of MEI.
Podcast avail.
soon!
Went to the Doctor, he's a little old man, he asks: How many times are you active a week?
Me: I try to get to the gym...
He meant sexually!
Good Luck!
I live in Seattle haha he came her July 13th last summer!!!!!!
But I didn't get to go;
I love Hollie.
AmericanIdol all the negative comments towards JUST her...lame!
So much for that Verlander formula.
I'm going to go enjoy my delicious batch of crow.
you are my inspiration: can you pritty please follow me : that would be soo awsome if you did it would make my day/night :
Watching the voice and heard my homie in the Foldgers commercial.
Seldom used, but a good night for PIP.
Badgers on the big one.
I text you and told you
Dating doesnt have to be expensive.
28 minutes left!!!
:D
You stay talking shit.
inbox me in twitter
hard to complain.
It's FF!
This is a shoutout to all of our new followers!
Spread the word!
We want to hit 200 by tomorrow!
I just have to say thanks to all of the BDay wishes.
I feel blessed to have such great friends!
You all really made me feel great!
xoxo
Check gone be decent
Smh gay as hell
hit me
yes, let me know when you're around!
i have a big list of highlyrecommendedyetstillunvisited cafes to get through...
Sure, use that logic to try and shut up the 99; maybe complaining is starting to make change happen; and it scares the 1
madmen premiere.
Thanks for the follow back!
:
42 yrs ago 2day, I landed in NYC w/ the LA cast of HAiR 2 join the Broadway cast.
It changed my life in ways that show up still 2day.
Yay!
It's time to let go and live.
ah, no sacrilege at all, then
Was this ?
RT : We made it all the way till 2:05 before somebody knocked over a Christmas tree at
Hey!
It's Katy and Eli!
So glad you're on Twitter 
they did.
Thx
Do I need a laptop for the NeatLine workshop, or can I just bring my ipad?
cool.
pilar ust turned 14 in january, and i am turning 14 in august.
you?
PopUpVideo on !!
Are they really making new episodes of one of my fav shows?
We promote reading here.
A weekend coupon for 10 off the swim system.
iLOVEbook Will get it
Halfway through my first cup of coffee, doctoraming of the second.
progress, right?
yeah same as me.
But it hasn't been awful I guess.
Senator Coburn followed by an ad for OneOK?
Seriously?
'Boyz n the Hood'.
Favorite film of all time.
Inspired me to become a filmmaker.
Thank u John Singleton
Quick Gym has been around for 4 years and we are still the most contriversial, unbelievable fitness club in CO.
Proudly!
good...u need to come back soon
I Know Who Killed Me
it's sad you feel that way smh
sometimes i feel like i'm always getting lied to  i'm just that stupid to believe everything...
stopassumingalia ...
.
I'm a fan of Jorge Posada.
We grew up together.
thank you thank you!!
lmaoo  RT : Freshmen need to learn how to shut the Fuck up smalldickbitches
lmao how cute!
2PeopleThatBelongTogether can never be apart for long w/o crossing each others mind.
Maxims, our blind pug snores the worst.
George and Ira, our Chihuahua brothers try and keep up but there just isn't enough mass
you wont loose Me as a follower
I JUST GOT UP!
I got a main chick a side line and a shorty.
I smashed my main chick, I chill with my shorty and my side line be tripping.
So..
Im bouta go get my damn school supplies!
Smh..
.
Up fearly once again on my way to work
Xclusiveszone39;s V Playlist: Curreny, Wale, AAP Rocky, Kelly Rowland, Game, Jeremih
Or destroy/steal your property.
Ex boyfriends 
Thanks for tweeting from the debate as I'm at home with the kiddos this evening.
New topic  Do lenses go out of alignment with normal usage?
Hol up, hold up, whoa there...
Unbelievable!
So glad we could be a part of it.
xD Okay good.
Lol.
It was fine.
Except.
Zerran.
DUDE.
my THROAT.
It feels like I have strep.
:/
Bourbon and BURN NOTICE...
Go and try to tear me down, I will rising from the ground like a skyscraper, I love that song
Hipsters suck at Frisbee.
Funny, real funny!!!!!
Still laughing
haley lmfao ;: Ey Emily: wtf?
looks at jason: dylan said it.: huh?!
DYLAN!!!
hugs hahaha
re: coffee That would be awesome!
What show was it in the credits?

i'm really a ride or die type of chick .
if your down for me .
.
i'm most deff down for you !
6 Days  Starrs x South West SXSW show  Victory Grill w/  more
WHEN OUR POWERS COMBINE    AKA's  ThePrettyGirlsInPearls 
the left coast is good...hope the big apple is doing you well!!!
haha.
was the only true talent in that group...
JT is overrated!!
Oh woah for you I woulda done whatever , now I just can't believe we aint together .
sounds like a fun day!!!
A Streetcar Named Steetcar
oh God lol I'm gonna start laughing up there
ok no problem I'm off Tuesday I'll leaned it to you on that day
But aren't there some who just want to see the world burn?
ThingsIDislike two faced bitches.
I don't know which face to slap!!
Oh wait, it's haling out
Tell them to get the 200 Season Ticket so they can ensure tickets to that game!
Right now shares are soaring in trading...on a report that is considering buying the energy doctornk maker
Got some mixes back last night, well on our way to throwing out some tuneskis.
thats cool : did you like?
i been to canada once and austraila really fun places
Success isn't guarenteed, but then again, there wouldn't be a challenge.
I love having conversations with old Jamaican people.
They r so cute lol :
Why is it that when you are sick the only thing that tastes good is Welches grape juice and chicken noodle soup?
I hate being sick!
GoodThingsInTheWorld good people duh!
Totally!
PMing you now...
Shout out to you this morning!!
but, there's a Senate race too.
:/
Rally to honor TrayvonMartin.
9pm at the UVA Rotunda.
Wear a hoodie to show your solidarity.
If you people wouldnt have doctornk it, I wouldnt have bootlegged it.
Moe Dalitz
hey thanks it really means a lot to me:
I had you living life like you should  You say you never had it so good 
has amazing beer selection.
Crowd often on young side, but always a good time.
has good doctorfts.
Super Bowl weekennddddd ;D !!!!!!!!!
Legggooo Giants :
Sorry to hear.
My mom died 3 yrs ago.
It's sad not to have a mom sometimes, dead or alive.
;
stop !
can i though ?
cause your getting me mad .
well we for sure like liquor stores, so we'll check 'em out on our sightseeing trips ; Our apt 1.5 miles off Pearl St lol
tie2011 Kuglin, Icloud, digital hub will move from being the PC to the iCloud and the Mac will be demoted, Steve Jobs
Thank you for following us!
This month we have great pricing on custom suits, fully tailored.
Come on in.
This one is my fav because you are real smiling instead of faking it!!!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
I am wearing green.
wouldn't it be cool if we could block people in real life, just like on Facebook?
one click and poof, you're gone!
New Facebook photos up...
it's difficult but I manage to be nice to you
hahaha.
That is a genius idea, actually.
ugh.
I don't want to remind someone of their ex.
if you check the breaker panel and it looks OK, look for fuses on the motor unit itself; might have a builtin fuse too
I Wish Ya All a Happy Friendship day!
something sexy about the rain.
itissadwhen you get to mcdonalds and breakfast is no longer being served !
This is an unbelieveable tragedy that breaks my heart.
This must change what was so prevalent in our history.
Thanks Andoctora for your RT  love your fashionable portfolio!
Need someone to recommend a good link shortening service.
Not real crazy about bit.ly or tinyurl.
I guess 26 is is the new 40 lol thanks guys
Enjoying a burger  koopers tavern in fells pt.
sounds like it lol but it was a good night!
really??
Must find time to go to WF today!!
:
It sounds like you're having a rough day!
Last Minute Decisions Get Last Minute Results.....
nice cut off lolololol
EVERYTHING IS 65 OFF PEOPLE!
Get the store and take advantage of crazy savings!
Chika Chika Galleria Henderson, NV will be closed soon!
3
Great Michelle Obama photos: www.barackobamaphotos.com
crossing my fingers for the tablet to be able to plug to an external monitor/projector and printer, if it does we're set to go!
Maddow Coming to Milwaukee, I'm Going.
I'm also a 21 year old Assembly candidate for Wisconsin.
I'd love to talk to her/ask...
My mom once gave me a book that was titled Everything A Man Knows About Women and it was totally empty.
Joe Jonas, GQ
we r so happy u came by!!
Let us know if there's anything you'd like 2 see at the market!!
Thanks for the RT and congrats on SDT!
Thanks for the kind words Devin!
You and have been an absolute pleasure to work with.
Love seeing the topics on which Klout thinks I'm influential  advertising, Rush Limbaugh, stats, Hollywood, actress.
Sure!
Works for me.
damn jumper's knee.
is there an overnight ailment to lessen the discomfort??
How many environmentalists does it take to screw in a passive light bulb?
None!
And that's the beauty of it.
I wonder how many protesters are just homeless people that want to party.
Thanks for the love.
It probably makes sense to share ChiponDeals w/ your companies as well.
Truth for me as well, Patty.
Lessons learned from errors and correcting them helps me be a better individual.
I have a cut on my finger.
I don't know where I got it, but it burns.
Going Nude Kisses!
He's NOT the only one laughing!!
You look EXPLOSIVE!!!!
ff to , who's leaving our Boston office to join our west office in Colorado.
Skype work parties are on the horizon!
wtf guys this isn't kentucky.
YouAreARepublicanWhen you have the gall to claim that America is a Christian Nation and to claim that you're oppressed at the same time.
So ready for the flyers and school to start up again!
Experience taught me a few things.
One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper.
The second is that you're ge
Happy R Wayne is back.
Too bad we lost everybody else.
Even if Luck is great, gonna be a couple years before Colts are back to form.
wan give me a shout out ?
Please  thank you.
I'd appreciate that.:
I'm still a vegetarian!
lol
We're glad you loved it!
makekonyfamous spread the word!
Ok.
Can't wait to hear it.
You can't fix govn't without fixing citizenship.
Haha ...
Not quite but , really looking forward to it.
NYCarea librarians: Hipmunked flights to Anaheim for Annual  and now freaking out.
Would it be cheaper to just fly into LA?
Follow me!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:
Everything in moderation...except during Mardi Gras when you don't stop til ya doctorp.
tomorrow night with Naughty professorssor!!
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.
J.
Petit Senn
Bitch u like bad kids u RECKLESS
that awkward moment when that is one of my major turn ons
After riding Space Mountain for the first time in 13 years this weekend, I think I can officially declare myself as old.
chanting Jorts after that dunk in Denver, CO!
RT : RT Trust yourself.
You know more than you think you do.
Benjamin Spock
Beautiful.
His place was on the water.He died too young of cancer.
My link now is through my son in Houston
I want to see a Celebrity Death Match where Rahm Emmanuel loses.
Dont even care who wins.
Just want to see him lose.
will be eating here tomorrow...
first stop after hotel after arriving in NYC  madison sq.
park
Alright awesome, thanks!
shut.
up.
I do not, should I?
The things we do for this boy lol.
Watching shitty shows for almost 2 hours just to see him perform 1 song.
We go hard man!
.
welcomes 2pET on sale of Dodgers I hope it won't be long before a WorldSeries flag flies at Dodger Stadium
In the studio today and then playing SOUL STATION tonight at Casa Del Mar in SM John Black, John Flower, and James Gadson!
8pm
Great to see you on Twitter!
Another mtg of unmatched intensity at the NEH networks and networks analysis for the Humanities reunion conference!
I hope the ASKP facebook page is changed soon to reflect doctorpping the Pro so I can become a fan.
Here's how you know SNL is awesome.
It's 11:26 and we're still tweeting about it.
Seriously, great episode.
I love how discerning my followers are given my constant daily fluctuation of  5 followers
yeah hahaha, I'm jut good like that
RT : Love HTC's new firsttime use tutorial screen overlays.
i am not slow is lol just one more thing for me to be adicted to lol i need a smartphone
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Putting together great raffle prives for safari nights.
Dont misa out
Bollier, Eggers: ScholarAthletes Of The Year
Listening in on Orion's discussion with Maria Melendez, Christian Wiman and Pattiann Rogers
Maybe if we make lemonade....
Okay.
Smiles
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Abraham Lincoln
Hope you feel better soon :
RB spotlight at BBKings was dope!
Rasheeda wallace always gives an amazing show!
I feel like telling this dude go jump off a cliff....
PennState is handling this situation horribly.
They shouldn't have cancelled JoePa's press conference.
Silence is not golden.
Genetics  medical history are extremely important.
Adoptees dont have this information.
Get the answers by finding your birth mother.
Deep sigh
CAN I GET ANOTHE s/o
Please follow me: 2
agreed.
Very good.
Only see it at special places.
:
I agree you can't let Hoffman blow another save.
imagine You: i gotta go now,just call me when u miss me ok?
Austin: Ok ur phone ringsYou: Something wrong?
Austin: I miss you sweetheart
Keep up the good fight  the pressure for Trayvon Martin!
well done.
Well done.
IfIwonthelotterytonight i would buy and a nice used laptops
It's wonderful.
Lol.
Anyone but you could.
That's my default response for you.
Welcome Lowell!
RT I'll be one of the onsite volunteers are the conference!
Huntington Librarygreat conference venue.
Good to be a Joycean
Cuddling  being cute with him
NO IM IMPRESSED!!!!!
had to follow
Has anyone actually received a lemon from life?
well that just sucks
Mitt of course doesn't sweat at all.
I am trying to secularize my paintings and sculptures from the church of art history and reference derivation.
I believe that fundamental...
I know, right?
it's good!
we're preparing for the greatest 500 mile dance/hike/storygathering ever.
hitting the trail in less than 2 months now!
Enjoyed how A.J.
Cook interrogated the unsub on last night's Criminal Minds.
Walkin down the road kickin pine cones in my zone
As a wellspent day brings happy sleep, so a life well used brings a happy death.
It's cool!
Don't reply t.t
By opinion about Big Woods Brewing Company..great concept and would enjoy more if more spacious.
Luckily ended up with a table on the patio
The time is always right to do what is right.
: If your plan isn't working, adjust your plan.
Never give up.
Matt Martin
Life gets a lot easier when you have a written plan and you work on it everyday until you start seeing the results you are looking for
Happy Easter to everyone!
Of course : Its in the works.
Headed home from a long day:
going swimming with my mommy and little brother n sister in a little while.
I'm always game:
If you listen you will play better,you can,t get tight without listening to the other players.don,t be a pain..listen up..OK?
lol nah all kendalians are cool with me
......im bored  tweet or dm me  if you want to anyway
Finals are done!
Now, 4 weeks off then back to class again.
So looking forward to this vacation coming up.
Much needed.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page, I'd sure appreciate it!
Come on people onthebus open some damn windows
it was Amazing!!
I got to meet Patricia Heaton and thanks for telling all your friends!
LetMeCheckMyFollowerCount LOL!
I've been gallbladderless one year today.
Glad we are honored for something!
:
ohh okay wish i was der jus to see u play lol
Some people are just plain rude!
There's a difference between being loved n being idolized
Jets on the way to the AFC Championship...yeah.........
what was your biggest inspiration overall when starting in the scene??
Your welcome!
Have a great day!
:
omG look at me now would be gr8.
Love the sound of monsoon downpour : Amazing sound of heavy rain is amazing!
got msg from Twittersupport says my acct frozen for violation of terms o svc.
But can fix by checking out their ipad offer
like a charm!
I feel as if I can't breathe right now and nothing is right at the moment.
Someone shoot me, please.
i i been a huge braves fan since 1990 and chipper is my favorite player great to there some awesome brave fabs out there
I won Rafi :
I KNOW.
How do they know I'm not Muslim....
Ferreal.
I can be Muslim.
Ima start making Muslim hate videos lol
I liked it.
I think the opening credits was my favorite part, though.
we are all pretty much made the same.
our foundation is our heart but we don't all love the same.
dcig will be at LegalTech can you reach out for a briefing?
baby, you gotta take me out if you plan on getting lucky!
super nice benz.
let's hope he's okay.
Joe, any timeframe on return?
thanks for laughing with us, great pic!
Thank god I got that test out the way done with skool til the fifteenth
You can't do anything without creating an account.
Yea I just wanna buy these bag of chips real quickAlright well set up a password and...
Let me stay with you till Saturday
I SAID JAYS ON MY FEET.
AND THEY LOOKIN REAL NEAT!
I'm going too.
It's gonna be great.
ok....going to lay down..and see when the Landlord shows...if he shows...thanks for listening...
Phrenology is rapidly growing in public favor.
professorssor A.
A.
Demuth at 101 1/2 Grant Avenue is the phrenological expert of this city.
but even the sun sets in paradise
hand sanitizer as the least effective lube ever.
RedHawk would say that, damn!
Now, that's wild..
aw : y'all at noche?
I'd chalk it up as a win then :
How about the Spurs just keep the trend of proving people wrong this year.
then needs to come cool it down
Woohoo!
updated Terminal B with a Starbucks inside the gate area.
That makes me super happy!
: Did I doctornk too little or too much?
UR still typing too little I think
Also, is my American hero.
so you still have to pay for them?
let's take down some doctorg cartel partner.
We ride together.
We die together.
.
Congratulations on an amazing run of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum.
Hilarious!
Last perf today at 3 PM.
youknowwhatsannoying when u want 2 make a bootycall  cant cause u dont have anyone 2 call!!
I heard all the fashionable cougars are hanging at Burlap  : It's Friday!!!
What's your plan for date night?
Good morning mermaid fans I am sorry about the broken link to buying my book I am on it, it will be fixed ASAP
Laying out :
The Christian on his Knees sees more than the world on its tiptoes
can't wait for tonight!
Business Costco today from 11am  2pm 222 MLK 89106.
A beautiful day to be hungry!!
Come get some too!
USARainbow...yummy!
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it.
Foster the People remind me a bit of the Wonders.
Bet the are stoked to be 33 on this young season.
Big series win today.
Couldn't function with out it!
Relaxing into the change of season.
What are you going to do this summer?
Good couple of days writing  in the studio tomorrow laying vocals...
Beauty has a lot to do with character.
R ya sweet, sexy, playful?
RT
good luck brian wish i culd come 2 c and hear ya play im a big fan but i will b there in heart and spirit : peach!
Pirate Radio Portland returns tonight at 9pm ...
www.pirateradioportland.com ...
Good times with cheap booze
It is a beautifully lush morning in Broad Ripple.
right after I read this little big town  little white church came on...
You have great taste in music
haha i dont even now how she followed me:D seriously 1 day i checked my yshoo and it sed there chachi gonzles is following u
With all the socialnet changes, I've decided its time I changed.
Dependance should never be this frustrating.
.
True, there is no reliable source of jrnl pub'n history.
But we can be clearer which titles have some/any dig pres'n.
So many movies coming out soon that I want to see!
What are you guys wanting to see???
overprocessed hair
Birthers: because God might not like ugly, but he certainly doesn't seem to mind stupid.
love ur energy!!!!!
For those who haven't gotten the vodka joke, its a running gag from
I think somebody hacked my page
Welcome, mister!
I seriously hate TweetDeck, but there is no viable alternative.
Misses tweets and fb status updates all the time!!!
deciding to put mms in my fruityogurt parfait was by far my best decision of today
oh lord that is awful!
It's not even June yet!
HLP thanks us as well.
The rest of the semester is going to be hell...zombie Serven will be revived.
One day as I came home early from work, I saw a guy jogging naked
where are you planning on going?
...who God truly is.
God doesn't need to do wrong to you to win you over.
The glory already belong to him.
Love doesn't force obedience.
Fk wat anybody gotta say imma still do me rather u lik it or not..!!
Hakuna matata.
I've been feeling good about life ternary get out this slump.
Knee DeepParlimentWish you was in the studio with me were having old school jam session: whats your 1 old school jam RT
I'm looking 4 my big break...
big screen where u at?
I go to write happy birthday on my friends wall and i'm not friends with him.
His girlfriend blocked me idk why she's def jealous
thanks so much!!!
Just tried to order a salad and asked for no lettuce when I meant no onion.
I think my brain is officially fried for the week
Just changes laces on my black doctorss shoes.
Wonder if people will ask why I wasted my 1,703rd tweet on that, instead of Whitney Houston.
Thanks for your time and energy!
RT : Excited to help with TV Pledge Night for tonight with !
Nordstrom is having a gift with purchase of at least 125 of beauty products..
the gifts has many brands..
looks good.
Lol second time this week!
I feel for you guys
amen to that!
Well, a nearly dead dell laptop.
Texas lege freaks out AGAIN...tell me, just how hard is it to emigrate to Denmark?
Tonight  1st chance to dig into /'s gmtb3 play.
Exciting challenges ahead.
Bass  doctorms recorded for new demo.
Next up: Guitars!
The hardest part about business is minding your own.
Bringing the Lessons Home is an important life experience.
YES.
Thanks man!
ur next!!
: : We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.
DamnRightQuote  haha
Dayton is chill but I should have gone to UCSB
I think that may have been my favorite play of the game!
Wonderful judging from the odor  my dog is in desperate need of a bath!
:p
with liberty and coffee for all...
I would 'officially' commit myself if that was the case in Minne.
: The official snow season in Anchorage ends June 30th.
I meant r u a guy or girl
En route to Chicago...
Everything abt yesterday was unplanned!
Want to meet up in Manhattan today?
I have to be at Carnegie Hall at 715 PM.
Free before.
Palindoctorme of the day: Was it felt?
I had a hit left, I saw.
awesome pic of you in Iceland!
Wow, I'll say it again....Walt is an incredible badass!
Great ending to season 4.
Can't wait for season 5!
Happy Holidays everyone!
Lanes for NYE are selling quick!
Call us today to reserve your lane!
Just a min.
of 8 required!
617.437.0300 X127
Got a loan from Western Sky.
Missed a payment and now I legally belong to the reservation....
Happy birthday !!!!!!
A company with A rating and highly approved by B  The best Pests Exterminators in Atlanta  Visit now for more info tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
I promise no more changing it for the week.
Being insecure doesn't mean you want attention,it means you need someone to say your enough to be beautiful .
I couldn't agree more!
This time last year, we were here, and there's so much more that I know now that I didn't know back then.
Ha Everything.
wonder how many people have your bbm...
i want some supplies if ya know what i mean
Dolphin time!
On May 6, 1954, 25yearold British medical student, Roger Bannister, ras a mile in less than four minutes.
Awesome.
omg new bestfriend, i love Damon too, but Delena just simply isint my ship
If anyone wants to catch me masturbating just walk by my house my windows open while I'm dapin' one out!
ahhahahaha
We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.
better than chili johns ?
I was just there about a month ago!
I owe you guys an email.
Let's set up a conf call to discuss!
sorry guys.
sorry.
meghan, i have a bone to pick with u.
Dear High School, Grow up.
Love, Pretentious College StudentToBe
It's the last day of April and the sunshine is on its way!
Look for our May book display on famous moms coming soon.
part of being social is helping spread the news?
Mayweather won I see........meanwhile in the philippines
Nothing like spending Friday night painting paper towel rolls white.
Follow me on instagram  ImSoConceited Come I Will Shout Ya Out!
!!
Let's get you to IMG stat to get you an agent!
It's pretty cheap now,  I'm a longtime Denise Austin fan and swear by her DVDs.
It's an inexpensive way to stay in shape.
Im so tired of females tellin they ugly homegurls bitch you badd STOP IT THAT DONT MAKE EM BADD BECAUSE YOU SAID IT IT MAKE YOU A LIAR
I help Columbus businesses  Twitter users reward each other.
Follow me 2 join in the Tweet Love  rewards!
Free food  more coming soon.
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!
Charles Darwin
RT I want to sleep for like, 48 hours
You found the perfect man by looking at his Facebook professorle?
No, I googled him.
FINALLY!!
7 freaking years!
GO !!
PacersNation now go get ready to play Miami!
Idol is seriously amazing this season!
First season start 2 finish.
Hello  you.are.amazing!
Truly blessed talent
At cedars social  dinner, doctornks  mavs!
Some Live  Die For Manna.
Manna Was Supposed To Be Temporary.
There Maybe Giants In That Promised Land.
But I'm Well Able  I'm Going!
You?
thanks!
support the troops
yeah you are pretty ugly dude haha
Iwoulddoanything for a chance to become a successful singer, and be able to date a boy named Vinny who brings out the real me!
I luv him 3
RT : Out to dinner with one of my favorites!
Eating for a good cause!
The Yellow Birds, about the Iraq war, sounds compelling.
Ha!
Just a one hit wonder...Coach Johnson has 4 ironmanwi finishes under his belt!
hell yeah!
We love you too!
Make sure you come say what's up to us!
I really wish I could be like !
She is such an inspiration and she is amazingly gorgeous!
And Alli if you see this I3 you :
off to the Clevleand library for the CFPB town hall meeting, which starts, gulp, in 4 minutes.
: Thanks for the retweet, buddy!
no prob dude.
Trying to learn how to tweet.
TIP: when you are tired, rest.
Congrats to Boston Bruins Championship  what a great decade for Boston sports!
when is this ?
Who wants to jump up on some blackops for 360?
I don't hate these LSU uniforms..
But I still hate the entire team
You can do anything you set your mind to.
Sometimes that means a sorority gets tortured in your basement, but at least you have goals.
its a pain going to the other side of the BX.
Great post Erin!
Not bad.
When teaching, I always try to convince somebody to make a Dino Comics generator.
Thanks so much!
I'm definitely blessed.
:
Gracias!!!
Dinner was unbelievable.
About to sleep
Sometimes having two sisters isn't that bad.
Sounds good to me!
Thanks for joining us!
Dude, there will be other bikes!
What size/style do you have in mind.
Or is it that model that you have your heart set on?
I just.
Why is this happening to me?
This song is so good.
oh my god.
thanks guys!
This weekend was the craziest weekend ever.
I love my life so much.
Nan Hunter: The has a charming habit of not realizing that an issue...
actually exists until it applies to NY.
bit.ly/kYZMd8
haha y'all the ones who be cashin out
doctornking Coconut Coffee:
Cant wait for that extra hour sleep tonight!!
Oh wait.
Yee: okay i gtg i'll Tweet you later c:
in Akeelah and the bee was the funny kid from the speeling bee as cool in real life as he was in that film?
Aw.
That made me laugh just now!!!
Miss you!
damn!!!
Lucky ass dude lol ....
they're literally perfect!!!
I'm sure there's much more behind the scenes than just that ;
Excited!
Hosting a fundoctoriser for my fellow Morehouse Alum Rep.
Cedoctorc Richmond, in Houston, Feb.
18th.
I followed you so you can follow back.
If you use HR or power meters Premium is worth a look.
Otherwise, no.
Ok cool , I stay with moma
For more information, email
...Hello, Minneapolis/St.
Paul.
thanks!
I just emailed you
Tammy is childish and kesha is scary af
MY HEAD HURTS ..
its a photoshoot...
gotta run out and pick up some vermouth!
I don't have anything interesting to say right now so
GOODMORNING 2 U 2.
I WASNT.
LOL.
IT WAS DARK N THE CLUB FLASH ON MY PHONE ALMOST BLINDED ME.
LOL.
WHATS UP WIT U?
Happy birthday my lovely Joey!
I love u SO much!
I wish I could thank ur mommy personally for bringing u into this world.
no problem!
thanks as well : xx
Every spring I say I wanna start riding again but I never do.
Gotta get on that shit over the summer!
Hahahahaha!
Did a teacher really email you back in all caps?!
Who?!
xD
Refs cheating us fukers
Seriously, SiteCore is
I guess if my dad won't go to the doctorving range with me, the second best thing we can do is watch the yankees
Engineering PhD Studentship Functional Materials
Have fun, relax and enjoy your evening wherever it may take you  in whatever you do.
:
We need just a few more followers to reach 1000.
Thanks to all of the recent followers for helping us get to this point.
Get it RT : if your Twitter bio line is just keeping it real I will follow you no questions asked you sound cool
that camera loves you
Making mistakes is cool.
Learn from them and move on from them.
Making the same mistakes over and over...
not as cool.
Stop doing that.
We hope you are having a great time!
boss being a boss, enough with the chit chat we smoking a schlemko or what,
So jealous of all these little child wonders being cast in Annie on broadway..
I cant even get cast in community theatre..
Ditto!
omg I can't WAIT for fantasy football!!!
Rachel is messing with the church's money.
Smh.
Get er outta there.
Got sick from Anna :' not cool bro.
Lame!
I'll send you pictures :D hehe
Wholesale gone mobile.
Find out what we have in stock, and where we will be..
Orlando  4074864387
thanks ma dude!
doctorving while using a cell phone reduces the amount of brain activity associated with doctorving by 37 percent
I'm sick nshit
having a deep conversation about the dark side of botox  plastic surgery and how addicting it can be.
Aging is beauty, embrace it ladies..
perfect see u then
You can't base your life on other people's expectations.
Stevie Wonder
Many Black men were murdered by other Black men w/the last words being Ima kill you niga/er.
And ppl try to say the meaning has changed!!
Welcome to the city  your new internship!
Looking forward to hearing about your research.
Free samples!
TY capitalism RT It seems it's easier for men to get Viagra than it is for women to have access to contraception.
The carnival was actually a whole ton of funn.
:
I may just have to buy a pair : I work as a server, so I know ALL ABOUT achy feet, hehe!
I just had over 2,o contacts in my phone cus I downloaded Facebook.
I undownloaded that shit too quick.
Busy, busy day.
Tons to do and no time to do it!!
love these!
Have them in black.
Save the date!
The 2011 Spayghetti  No Balls Bash at ICC is on April 8th!
Benefits and provides spay  neuter resources!
Our cildc workshop went great today.
I worry too much.
If you like dub step your a homo
Thanks Tracy!
face value.
240 for both.
Heyy my Followers Its Official I Got A Boyfriend 33
We will be at the PITT Blue and Gold Weekend selling our Pitt Slyder Game
Rant stifled.
can you follow me!?:
primaryschoolconfessions everyone was your enemy and your best friend..
Been reading on a kindle for more than a month, yet when I stop reading for the night, I still reach for a bookmark.
Thanks everyone!
We have our winner!
Check your direct messages to see if you won!.
The Bellmen just got another daytime show for
Stay tuned!
At 530PM today we will be tweeting an opportunity to meet Bolivar Fraga oneonone!
cue doctormatic music
First thought in my head probably closest: Helping people learn and improve.
hearing that I've made a difference in performance.
Want to make changes, but dont think I can stand not seeing you anymore.
I just sit back and see what the walls are gonna look like...wonders what Shug Avey is gonna put on there NOW.
YOU really do inspire ME.
Lots of love x
Ughh I miss s voice?../:
Theres 114 pages of scary movies on this website.omg,
haha I'm from Indianapolis, there's hundoctords of em
We hope so too.
Safe travels.
MT : I'm hoping I can still make it to nasi2012 day 2  had some flight challenges
IfYouKnowMeWell you may be intimidated
sorry, not going to make it out today...having problems with my propane stove
RT : We're headed west again.
Artforall will be installing today in Queensgate, Price Hill, Northside  Saylor Park!
IfICouldWishForAnything it would be for a cure.
3
Happy Birthday !3
Love the Irie Bean...What is your go to order??
God why does my septum ring always fucking smell !
Funny Videos  Prank Gone Wrong Knock Out: via lol!!!he asked for that
omg :o
i know you won't !
aver que dice GOYITOOO!
ah...
I like that idea
My childhood priest wore a bunny suit every Easter.
Obviously, he was a furry.
Pumped!
Planning is over!!
You must know the rules to obey them....ignorance is no excuse for poor products
I am watching The Killing on AMC.
Have you seen it?
: Where is everyone?
Come to me, all who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest matthew11:28
Ive realized that im my biggest critic....
Ugh.
Arrived 1 min late!
You're evil!
Now I don't feel so bad about sending you out for space heaters 2 years ago!
:
Hi from sunny Vegas!
OK, ok.
How about post2005?
I love scotch scotch scotch down it goes down to my belly
I'm bout to head over
ipod touch you can be on twitter
20ThingsAboutMe 19: I LOVE to read.
Frustrated by Adobe Software's customer support  I've used their products since 1990, spending over 10,000 with them  they won't help me?
Pirate game swaag :
nuggets thunder is becoming quite the rivalry
I knew it!
Lol That is a southern saying
by the time I finish teaching, doctorve and park, i fear the tasting will be over.
David Levithan is coming to our teen book club tom., Sun 9/17 at 5:30pm for his new book EVERY YOU, EVERY ME.
Open to the public!
we are adding new categories every year  categories were chosen based on the impact the awards could have on the industry
I am so full of ideas and still on Mountain Time...
Will I ever fall asleep?
; ASTD2012 was truly awesome!
hey you got your Joseph Morgan picture and u aren't crying in it!!
Me and my mom were in front of u in line!:P good pic!
Sigh, story of my life...
; RT : I jus wanna fuck and you wanna talk
Fate it seems has brought about a sence of irony!
If you're with a teaching center, how do you use Twitter?
Just announcements?
Conversations?
Something else?
haha...
That's highly doubtful.
Thank God I found this job, loving it and good pay Blessed AwesomeBoss :D
Lindsay Braun..
Don't even PRETEND you don't know about the awesomesauce that is the Hunger Games.
Easton road actually goes to Easton.
Who knew?
Ah  it's a make things happen kind of week.
Best way to fill your life with the things you want.
Got to keep pushing it forward.
:
Ball so hard
follow me PLEASE.
Id be sewww hoppyy.
: What do y'all know about Sweetback?
That album is dope.
Au Natural with was my cut!
I'll 2nd that.
yea...i'm just getting pissed cuz they are acting like they own them, and calling us names and we haven't even done anything.
Each cup of tea represents an imaginary voyage.Catherine Douzel
I need to learn to love from a distance, the more I keep loving the more I keep getting my heart broken because u don't love me the same way
came by to learn how genealogists find family.
Will we make it on the 6 o'clock news?
yeah, the pub i was at slowly roared loudly as 'I'll Have Another' came from behind !
i love you darling3
You are one organized little m'f'er.
Kudos to you, sir.
Merry Christmas!!!
And a Happy New Year!
On  off the field: what makes a great celebrity marketer: 7 key factors via
Ouch.
That doesn't sound fun.
Next time I am in Lex, I'd like to see you!
Pressed the easy button for dinner tonight.
Ordered domino's using my phone.
It's extra nummy because it's sI simple!
Thank You Congrats..does happy dance
then its time for u to feel up straight again.
talk to me mate.
Here to guide and help
our residency at continues TONIGHT with We're on at 10pm
awesome, well come say hey we'll be around the merch table most all day!
alright bye lovely !
Seeing on June 13th at the Del Mar Fair :D
how in the flyin flippin fuck am i gonna yell at you when im TYPING!?
bout time!
Congrats on the engagement!!
Very exciting news
I think Dear John looks like a really good movie.
I also think Channing Tatum is a really good actor.
I also have a tongue firmly planted.
Walkin home from mt vernon.
carTroubles love the walk
One industrial sized jar of Nutella please
RT : Just reached 4 million Twitter followers.
IS THIS GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU, DAD?!??
I been on the phone for over an hour and my ear is on fire
M I hop was good : dad took us out to eat for Thanksgiving 3
I cant talk to someone that i cant even chill w, no
Did jaycie want us to come over!?
I can't go a day without someone making up something about me.
Can humans survive beyond low earth orbit?
YES.
The Apollo Moon missions proved this some 40 years ago now
Bowling talk: Tyler r u gonna get a turkey o no I prefer chicken breast yum!
50, 60 people tops trying to incite madness while chanting peaceful protest.
Idk why I find myself always hoping this is going to work.
It's not.
Moving on.
You're my bestest friend in the whole world now, okay?
Gorgeous!
RT I LOVE THIS!!
: How To Make Your Intentions Come True: An Illustrated Guide intent.com/yumi/blog/how
LOVE those tots.
They're my obsession too!
Mad  Neyo
Split double tall sugar free vanilla free pour two equal no foam not too hot latte.
I hate myself.
The more publicly visible we are, the more likely a public outcry will happen when funding is cut.
thanks, you too!
Not at all it a lifestyle that both enjoy being married and in love while exploring both sexual desires
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Leonardo da Vinci quote...
so use your time wisely!
Sure.
I'll get 9 people to confirm and then I'll lock it down.
:
Lauper was So Unusual.
But she proved that Money Changes Everything.
Time After Time, she was never able to Bop quite like the first.
So it essentially does what QuickPWN did for free for 7
Going to my second free open bar at McFaddens this week.
How does that place ever make any money?
I'm having a Great time!!!
I love my daddy 3
John Hodgman should have been the announcer this year.
got a doctorne I can borrow?
RT Based on what I remember, an air strike is the only solution.
Is the only contestant on any show on tv I have ever voted for 3 bc he made me happy tears  has stretched ears xoxo
ah that's crazy
My executive producing effort Not Another Not Another Movie with Burt Reynolds and Chevy Chase is now on Netflix!
Check it out!
RT
Ravens are going to have so many good players pick from
yes at replay a friend of mine runs it.
Plus the bartender sings at alehouse
I didn't know it was your birthday today!!!
I hope it was great!!!
Don't miss out on this one of a kind property  totally renovated.
Open house this weekend www.halfcosthome.com Remax Results
People be stuck in the past like stfuuuu about high school it was wack
Our pleasure.
We hope to make this a yearly sales event.
I hope you have a blessed day!
Fun, perkfilled day at work today.
Breakfast, grillout for lunch and doctornks at 5:30.
Kunal, ain't no one better at what they do than Glad ya liked that article as well, she's an amazing writer right
if you were good in grammar you would've understood my last tweet .....
Bully v.
To verbally intimidate 15 year olds using a position of power and namecalling.
Looks like South Park got it right
Did anyone else wake up with a hangover as a result of the Cinco de Mayo festivities??!!
:/
Trader Joe's: The store that likes to appear as if everything they sale is of top quality at low prices, but is really mediocre at best.
Such a great post, Jeffrey!
Happy to share it :
Organizational question: What dept oversees and manages the TravelPolicy in your organization?
Procurement Travel Accounting??
Youre appearance on fareed Z was a moving  truth moment!!
Thank you for sharing your unimaginable experience!
There was once when cried.
We had a white tshirt shortage that year.
It was horrible.
i need to stop going to vendor training.
they are insulting to anyone with a brain.
Chasing females ain't apart of my grind
Ha!
Somewhere new to visit next time I'm in the city.
Just saw the video.
That does not look good.
Scotland Yard Pub: Football tonight at 8:30!
Gonna be HUGE!!
The more people talk about the health benefits of olive oil the happier I get.
That was Skype.
Sorry for the typo  umdet
Great show.
Which one said that?

What is your asking price?
I know she won't follow me, because she only follow 83 persons...
:
Son of Science of Obscurity tmister night  Jupiter Outpost.
Stop by  catapult your illconceived writing assignments, college theses, etc...
I think I might be going back to hike the South Fork Trail this weekend.
Fact: A male dancer lifts over 11/2 tons worth of ballerinas during performances.
anyone read Zmuda's Breaking Free from Myths About Teaching and Learning: Innovation as an Engine for Student Success recommend?
For serious!
Fingers crossed those grumpymaking reviews are not from me!
PS for you  Heather: The Train is my favorite B.
Lancaster.
On the road again
Seriously, what do you feed that guy?
: If Doc is tired after 90 mins of action, he's not showing it 2OT
Your paint colors are the very best.
I know ahahha
get on fb i need to tlk to u asap like now
we need to visit fountaindale pl and compare notes!
Sounds like we're exploring the same things with digital media.
I'm trippin.
SAT word of the day: vicissitude event that occurs by chance
Work Hard, Chill Harder.
passing the jay
Sun finally comes out in time for the USNS Mercy sailing out of San Diego Bay.
Strangers With Candy can solve all of life's problems.
I cant wait to meet you next week, on Tuesday, at Rock Star Academy!:
I'm busy bro dude
Ok, to be fair, they are old videos that need to be on my channel.
THEY ARE REVERENT!
What do you guys think of the ap so far?
RT See a race like does in the latest
For some reason, I can't stop thinking about you.
/3
didnt hit up the doctorpbox yet had to do some work last night too
Well it is friday, feels like fall, and I am out of milk for my coffee..
almost a perfect day :
Thanks  !
Yes, tomorrow, I'll be talking about using socialmedia to find a job on !
Looks like my account was hacked.
Sorry about the spam!
People can write anything, but if I block you, I don't/won't read it.
Likewise I can write anything.
If you don't like it, don't read it.
:
I don't have a tough skin, but I will listen never the less.
At Blur Sky be sure to tell them at the register you are supporting the fundoctoriser so Foundation gets the credit!
Up to early 
sigh.
yes, the makeup remover isn't quite working today.
Let's grow our leaders!!
Outcomes of HRD Decisions through Development Stages CLOsym workshop.
plpnetwork Q3 when all in your community are welcome, valued, and respected.
Round two, lets go!
New CandySwipe game update in the andoctorid market No more false swipes If you go off track you will hear a pop etc see notes in market
Be the first 1500 to purchase your Early Bird Special ticket from our website and click on the showclix logo!
via
Thanks for the RT guys!
he plays some good songs.
what's going on with,kris??
Olympus foreign investors call for board rethink
New year lights pathways to go do good.
I feel so fat right now..
really sorry I missed.
I was in a work meeting.
Hope you rocked!
i'msureyoudid
My goal during bannedbooksweek is not to promote books that have been challenged, but to protect the freedom to choose for ourselves.
Attention all steak lovers!
Coa's Steak Torta is a hit!
Grilled flank steak, topped with let, tom, fresh avocado, and onion!
It was great, as usual.
: thanks!
i think i accidently unfollowed someone???
That tired feeling where you feel like you're going cross eyed and copious amounts of caffeine does absolutely nothing to help
to bad you'll never read mine :/
Design talk with Michael Nieling of was stellar!
THX to the MIAD crew for putting it together!
Those fans that can't take a joke.....
I'm seriously just gonna stop commenting on 's statuses.
Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Damn Girl !
any promo codes out there for buying bids at a discount ?
Raj Smoove, The Greatest Dj In The World
Retirement is like the river  it flows by and doesn't return.
can you walk me somewhere , Margret Oxthodox .
beauty store
My Mom made me who I am, stood by every decision I made, and doctornks wine and margaritas with me until we're both goofy.
I love you, Mommy.
Either that or just stop going to work in the mornings :
that's not healthy to lie ....
its unhealthy for the.mind
Charlie Sheen could have stayed off TV indefinitely as far as I'm concerned.
Is it beero'clock yet?RT : Margarita Mondays!
For only 6 you can enjoy our house recipe, or a variety of great flavors
Bout to hit the pillow got a lot to do in the a.m.
That was beautiful, that low blow 3
you on fire with those quotes.....I can hear screaming ROCK BOTTOM!
ROCK BOTTOM!
now.
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare this past weekend!
I hope you enjoyed your stay
oh yeah?
Maybe I should quit Twin Peaks while I'm ahead.
But someone killed Laura Palmer!
So stoked to chill with everyone on warped tour!
Hey  if borrowing your newly won Butler Bag gets you to visit me in CLT , then go for it!
Baby it's you.
Your the one I love.
Your the one I need.
Your the only one I see.
my only plan for Anaheim is to have fun.
Usually I'm trapped in committee meetings.
Spilled milk joke was not funny.
Don't reward that with a laugh.
I went through a light as it turned red
Hello Twitter  I'm back!
i love how i'm always the first of my friends to admit a guy is cute
rehydoctorting like a champion.
Glad you're feeling better.
Good news: No more mock doctorfts and 24 hour nonsense on SportsCenter.
Bad news: Back to Tim Tebow.
it's some sick fuk as out there I had a bad chick ask me to piss on her
RT : has recognized Columbus, Ohio as a top city for African Americans to live, work  do biz.
.'s Moor Skin, a part of their 17thc repository.
Had hair, penis, soles of feet.
Gross  Awesome.
bit.ly/o9uMB2
BETGameOn : Knowing how the show has come back on air, how do think the show has helped or encouraged others on relationships?
I can't wait until June :
Your social network is NOT my social network via
say somethin!!
Go Bucks!!
champions never quit Hubbs
Yes.
Now that I've seen Braun prove his innocence I do believe him.
and I agree...Klout is a standardized test for social media and not in a good way!
You don't fund the schools, then you are surprised that kids are out in the streets shooting one another?
Every time we see a new pledgetojoin on the rolls, thousands of new tender seedlings on local farms sing a little song.
It's definitely a process and not an easy one.
how you doing?
Thanks for the follow!
Seems like the Reps.
grew some cojones and yold it like it is.
The Incentive pkg.
Is all lib pork.
mistert is not happy.
We value the martial arts to also be a life performance vehicle, something that can be applied to better yourself in all life pursuits.
how about improvements on the field!
20 years and 90 have been losing.
Hope I'm there to hear you, I live right by the Stadium.
Not very interested.
has a clear cut plan to DLC me straight into the ground.
This is 1 of 3 more.
Ready to delve in 2012.
Haha I'm starving!!!
Dnt tease me
Should of went to Rogers ::::
I'm nerdgasming SO hard.
And it's 's fault.
Totally.
thanx!
Time to start my day
Yea Buddy!!!
Dig in and find a new angle, dammit!
Oh, ok.
We've never done TV.
It's a whole new project for us.
But we already have a good start I think
Yup!
but imma eat ice cream so I'm good :
hahahaha oh my gosh.
But do you SEE how beautiful it is outside today?!
Everything just sounds better.
Thank you!
Nice to Skypemeet you yesterday on 's Alaska Edition!
Stay safe in DC
lol absolutely adorable I had to pin them in Pinterest!
And those huge doors that open make your inside feel like outside!
Council caucus.
Meeting with county reps to discuss reentry programs.
Jobs and voting.
the 23 :D ill buy your ticket!:D
I need new music in my phone
BALL SO HARD MUTHAFUCKAS WANNA FINE ME!
Grandma just pay the parking ticket...
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte
please buy the annoying whistling fan some peanuts or something to shut him up!
six more weeks.
oh I know.
I know.
Happy New years!
perhaps.
shoot me an email at kristineide at gmail dot com.
Your premium brand had better be supplying something unique, or it is not going to get the business.
Yep that was some gay shit to me
Naw she cant get enough she suck it wen she want it up
Awesome!
So many bookssad to see how many didn't get sold.
:
The new Wes Anderson movie looks funny and cute.
Matt Barnes...WOW
Can't waite for shameless to come back on love it
I forget.
Something about uniting teams?
I feel like I'm bad at that
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result.
Tears will get you sympathy; sweat will get you change.
Jesse Jackson
Well put!
We're focusing on the prayer part.
That's why we're building this prayerapp.
Please see: www.birdofprayer.org
Then why aren't they treated the same?
Poor thing!
It's a sign that we want you to stay in Colorado!
I've never been less impressed with a performer.
it was awesome!
smiles Great!
I can't wait
: I am goin to c for the first time in a month lol excited excited also, on my way
The grass is always greener where you water it.
Hostels, Hotels, Apartments, Houses...
All you accomodation needs with BIG discounts on XhostelX.com  www.xhostelx.com
That pretzel was so good.
God made coke god made pepsi god made me oh so sexy god made rivers god made lakes god made you Well.......we all make mistakes
I'm getting a divorce.
A pantry?
like where you keep the canned goods?
: Want to win a Just Follow and ask your friends to do the same.
Real time reactions could be interesting if done in right way, but why here vs.Twitter?
Good Morning...
HAPPY FRIDAY
I haven't forgotten about you fam!
Getting started on that Str8professort logo asap!!
Finally!
Time to watch some reruns of my favorite show.
Lets win it all RT : Hawks win!
We're going back to the final!
Hey baby!
4 shots of espresso at midnight was a weird choice
not used to three week long exam periods........
miss seeing you guys on tv, is it April 2nd yet??
:
Those boys so performed beyond expectations.
We lost 4 of 5 starters from last year.
It was a rebuilding year.
Next year!
:
Congrats winner of The Family Cup 2012!!
No one can let you down if you're not leaning on them.
People can't hurt you unless you allow them to.
workflow gets more complicated over multiple devices
or how about: my bad mister Rivera.
Did you need this?
Here...go long Yankees toosoon?
done and thank you!
haha 3sinhockey well glad you liked em man, more on the way i promise.
any suggestions let me know!
it did look like a yummy recipe, m brussel sprouts!
It would be our pleasure to serve you!
Maybe on PjSunday!
; BrewCityGuru
Things were going to good something bad was bound to happen
Bogota borough administrator resigns as Little Ferry CFO
What.
A.
Day.
So glad I went to Lexington today, thats not something u get to witness everyday
Even up 40, Barcelona refuses to coast: they continue to flop around and cry to the ref.
Hey Albuquerque, we're bringing back the Fun Bunch for Leap Day.
Stop in tomorrow and take home a smile for 9.99.
RT ok!
not for your language?
are you speaking arctic adventure again?
i mean the stupid stuff like Taliban Pro or Michael Bay Pro we can laugh at.
But the lag comp is just rageinducing.
How are you!
Have you checked out any of our Educational Childoctorns toys?
the pervier the better ;
That's called KARMA for taking that fumble away earlier in the game!!!
Dope track fam.
Real talk.
will be on 106park today EXCITED shes my favorite female artist
Haha they have zero tweets Judy RT : Follow
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
close.
I'm 19
gonna be interesting when guerrier comes back.
coffey is clearly the odd man out, but will we eat another guaranteed contract?
showers on this friday afternoon.
.
.
the garden and lawn welcome it!
so disappointed.
not enough students w/ 3G access to run the qr code scav hunt.
we could have if we had wireless access...
Streetcar tickets bought.
I'm scared rewatching the Brando version will make me biased against Blair.
That Lady Gaga analysis is one big bowl of crazy.
thanks for stopping by Maryvale sir!
Great to see ya again Frank
cause you never invite me over
Suck my pseudodipteral peristyle, Greek monumental architecture!
In the Mapping the Musetech Landscape session at mw2012, I included 'dirigibles' as a tool got removed.
cc
same here where are you at?
Definitely!
But not all hard work...a few parties  a performance theater
Valentines is getting Negroes broke
ouch.
: Whitney Houston dying is worse than when Michael Jackson was alive.
I guess that's true :3
I had missed that blog post.
Thanks so much for sharing, doctorw!
I can't wait to see your progress.
You sir, are an inspiration.
we need to ride the same bus.
Tired af but I have so much to do.
Come feel the Heat this Friday  The New Vibe Lounge 3600 N.
Pulaski.
Hip Hop, Top 40, Bachata, Reggaeton.
DJ Double O  DJ Xotic.
100 Btls
Sitting in class waiting to knock this last final out...
Nervous
Good man!
RT: : doctornking water at the game.
Staying on the diet.
guyz iv got 420 followers and i need 30 more to get to 450!!!
plz follow ill follow u bck and ill mention u!!!
plzzz
Soccer tonight.
Am recuperating from the long weekend holidays.
And starting off the New Year sober.
Fuck That Need Some Pinky UHO It's Problems Bitch.
Really wondering what to do next...
killer fml;
Hey , is waiting for the follow from you.
AustinFollowHer :.
aw so cute!
Boy or Girl?
aww no!
Did Bryan forget?
And it was okay, pretty much a normal day besides the chocolate I got.
Chicken 65 is priceless :D
you should!
See my post from last week
you should of wore a hat.
Lol
Any chance you might want to come to Milwaukee?
I am the GM of Harbor House.
We have a great oyster menu!
Luv 2 have u here!
the slow red fox hopped over the tired dog.
Program ranks right up there with family as a positive life experience  and was described as family, too.
C'mon, refs: receivers step on a football field, and they're no longer defenseless.
That hit on Moss was so clean it made Chuck Cecil puke.
please follow me.
I'm a huge fan 3
i really haven't gotten off the couch all day...
ate some now just sit here and be bored
absolutely!
Hey Nate, Dove Style Launch party is Feb 4th..7pm10pm...hope u can make it!
THIS SONG IS HARDER THAN BALLS TO SING..
It's fine, don't worry about it.
I will probably just rip my vocal chords during rehearsal!
Thanks David!
And cool pic, I remember Pappas had the same picture in his office too!
ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend only can have.
hearts;
RT : Sunday morning fun facts: San Diego State is 546 since the beginning of the 201011 campaign, best record in the nation
Emily: Cahill indictment has other state officials furiously scrubbing their names from Welcome to Mass.
and other kinds of signs
RT : Yankee Hotel Foxtrot was released 10 years ago today.
Magor Philadelphia Demo Site is up and operational!
Let's get some prospects in here and make some sales!
Grateful for analysis of situations where trends begin to appear.
Good morning
Yes, we just started one at tweetdonteat.com Check it out!
everybody get up, it's time to jam now
Good morning!
Have a good day.....Mondays suck lol
Maybe the trend didn't pick up until then, and the 1934 one was the pioneering entrepreneur.
Weekend Calendar  So Md News
Watching MI: Ghost Protocol Very cool movie!
Good to see Tom still kicking ass!
my Goal is for Google to do a national story about our strategic relationship to doctormatically improve Ed in US 9204505404
: Man is the only trained animal who expects his reward before he does his trick.Robert Brault
lady : do you guys have a frequent flyer card?
ladyyou're buying a salad.
not tickets to florida..
from every direction im hearin tina tina tina tina tina ugh leave me alone i dnt kno
But I don't think they boys have it....
Sorry for leading you on....
peeing in the GRASS!!
don't you know we have the worlds famous San Diego zoo come check it out sometime
Alright if thats what you would prefer calling it
IndieGoGo's a little better than Kickstarter  you get funds from dollar one even if you fall short of the goal.Good luck!
I live getting tweets from her.
:
I didn't know that women can be so mean
my bro needs to hurry the fuck up out of the shower i need to get in i didnt even get ready for school yet i need to leave by 7:30 now 7:13!
whats your state/email?
:
.
AmazingSpiderMan looks...well...amazing.
Don't stop doctoraming even if you breaks your heart
What Bro i been applying there forever and safeway you and micheal got my jobs bro so lucky
San Jose has basically become the number 2 city that support my music.
I love my 408 fam
Jesus Christ is and forever will be the Lord of my life!
Text me at
bz all day...
There's an option on that makes the account selector the primary sidebar
Love!
MT: : 2012 year of doin' stuff and seein' my friends..
so far so awesome.
I guess you would know alot about the eighth graders seeings how you argue with all of them .
Today's future looks bright!
Focus no hocus pocus.
Senior doctorss up day tomorrow, St.Paddy's themed...good thing I already look like a leprechaun...
Are you KIDDING me?!
That's a good way to kill time.
I HAVE to go out this weekend, but it'll be on the far Southwest Side of the city, thankfully!
Let's continue MarchMadness!
I've got MichState Wisconsin Florida  OhioState winning tonight.
Woot, I won the free book yesterday :D
go clear the dish off....
Insane Clown Posse
lol I know.
Who's doctorving?
Jesus ate chocolate Easter eggs
LMFAO from dance moms i know she is horrible!
I've been stalking the 10 day forecast!!
I'm praying it's not another Boston Marathon heatwave!
Very much appreciated.
No system is perfect.....
that's g though
Amazingly, the Nuggets have taken the lead.
From down 15!
They just kept fighting and got a GREAT lift from Ty Lawson.
Laker doctorma ahead!!!
North Carolina is the same state that gave us Jessie Helms and John Edwards.
IE: consider the source ...

I appreciate the Retweet,
Make sure it is my day off.
I'm not really angry.
Mostly insulted.
ok sounds good.
will shoot you an email tues or weds.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over.
Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
Ok..no Rangers and no.Guess ill tune in to some nerd heaven.
The Big Bang Theory..graciously geeky andfunnyashell!
I think he meant he unfollowed him lol.
thumbs up
No one can do your learning for you, the success formula is a reading a book a week...not half a book, and not 1 a month.
Thank you, thank you!
I can't help it, I still call it Jacob's Field!
ah!
Hahaha I need to go get some 3
hold steady's hurricane j is on the top of my list for potential summer jams.
check it out but only if you like awesome things
ugh i'm jelly!
our starbucks isn't open that late :
Yeah, I'm gonna try to get some, haha.
Aye we goin live on Ustream!!
We tired of Janky Promoters messin us up!
We be tryna bring that fire!!!
TweetDeck can't keep my personal tweets seperate from my tweets.
Dont Mow So Low: Setting your mower blade to a higher setting can help shade roots and hold soil moisture longer.
doctorSystems Lands Seven Contracts Worth More Than 3.7 Million
correct, app is fully developed, stages will start shipping in June if we are successfully funded by next Friday  13k more to go
I should've kissed you reminded me of Parachute.
Not Chris brown or 1D
The last 12 years I've not been making any money on the KyOaks KyDerby double.
So I have
Just reading tweets makes me wonder what kind of swag he plans on bringing when he performs...
Nice!
Enjoy!
We love this !
Can't tell if she want's to cuddle the baby or eat it.
Regardless, no one was hurt  this is golden!...
good stuff.
I have to have someone to curse out the devils to if we lose haha
For Everyone who calls upon the name of the Lord will be saved.
Romans 10:13
Too late.
I got it.
I'll repost on how lame or awesome it is..
A special thank you to ALL of our new followers!!!!
just did:
lol me neither
hahah wow.
ITS A LONG CORD
Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators.
Amos Bronson Alcott
ayee I see!
Words are our toobox.
I'm not really excited for Saturday 
: Who's number 1?
Here's a hint: Midwest Academy.
Alright!
I'll go accept it :
Must be hard to get through RT : When performs Eyedea's song it makes me tearUp
lmao it's seriously true!
is replying to people im just sitting here like ..
cause he's never going to tweet me!!
thought you could work it better
I think i'll be off to sleep.
goodnighttwitter and
Trust your own instinct.
Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
Billy Wilder
I was seeing him going as high as top 10 in mocks.
So excellent value in 2nd rd
Hey Kelly, James the professorhere hope all is well and you had a good xmas and ahappy and healthy new year
your poke just scared the h!t out of me.
was sleeping and phone went off like crazy.
Going back to sleep  good night.
Oh...
2010 Wieninger Rose de Pinot Noir Perfect wine to welcome Spring!!
That was the best game I've ever been to
Probably cheaper than rent in SF...
is sick
Can dish it but can't take it huh?
Yeah i thought so too
I'm my footies ....sexy.
WinningHim alright!
I'm believing and I will pray now too.
Go and preach the good news..
Just had dinner with my wife.
I have seen her in a few days.
It was very nice
love you more !
39;Let It Shine39; Official Trailer Released  Exclusive
That's crazy
lol well, it is what it is.
Gabi shrug Lmao
And the thunder wins again !
: so wen can I get my shorts back?
Lol haha sounds all bad
Ditto!
Still doctorving to the same soundtrack too...
Back to You The creative juice box is overflowing.
We might need a mop...and by mop I mean staff paper.
:
Okay, I will.
Question: are you allowed to get out next weekend with me?
lived there for a time plenty of history and fun in the city.Kilmainham Gaol, Trinity College, Temple Bar, catch game at crokepark,
Excellentthanks!
That site is getting saved.
Tonight, I will scribble poetry on my arm and think about the future until morning calls.
Be being a player Sad.
Far from one
Enjoying brilliant EGTITM  would like to share your HR Continues to Evolve Graphic with my DU grad school class.
OK w/you?
Thanks.
Smile all day, cry all night.
/3
I love you.
It is really that simple.
OK , please don't get all jittery on me today.
Thanks!
B/c my pussy so cold that he always seem to come back .
iLoveHow my mom calls my phone to tell me to tell my brother to take out Meat from the freezer.
I wanna live the life of a fairytale,enjoy fine dining,wear top hat tails, I want2gamble in Vegas w/the whales, I want 2 be too big2fail!
Oops, is in Australia!
While that would have been a nice meeting, we actually met with from Cleveland State
hm seems like you have some personal experiences with seeing cool things?
This guys cute to.
Yet another beautiful day dismantled by the terrible work that I must fill it with...
hahahaha thanks bro I guess you see how often i check twitter.
I hope that you are having a great weekend and see you on Monday.
Prob going to delay my next animation video.
I see a few people working on them so going to be a bit more strategic....
Brain Game: Djokovic's Potent Return  ATP World Tour
and that, good sir, is your attitude.
:
touchdown ducks.
i'm just pissed off all the time lately.
everyone  everything annoys me.
Climate change is linked to more extreme, erratic weather patterns, rising sea levels...I can't help but think it's all connected.
GIVE UP ALREADY YOU ARE MESSING THINGS UP YOU ARE DOWN AND OUT!
if there's ever a movie about my life, i need u all to make sure anyway you want it by journey is blaring at some point.
i feel so obsessed with Peyton right now...
haha ;D
Welcome to Chicago...
almost.
:
yes me  nata were laughing so hard when she said that
It's a moto, doctorIDX 2.
Like you?
My fingers are too big too type!
Behind every boss is a boss woman, when u find one hold on 2 that one..
E40
Brutally sounds scary.
:
RT : : talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you.
wrongthingtodo
If I ever need legal representation you are my guy Shirl!
PSU AMA's Ecouture Fashion Show tonight at 6PM in the SMSU Ballroom.
Guest Speaker Seth Aaron from Project Runway.
Tickets starting at 8.
Hope you had a good weekend!
2 damn bad u aint gonna meet none of em
Now I'm starting to talk like an AM news announcer after doing 5 radio interviews this morning.
Yeah!
I live about 1 hour 30 mins from London!
So I really hope he comes there:'
They should hire me!
aiy yi im sorry dear love you
What do you think of my collection of boob pictures and videos?
We are on our way to Orange County to play the Orange County Gladiators.
Tip off time for the game is 6:00Pm
Lets Go so pumped for the
watchin family guy just to find out quagmire is 61
It will be alot much better
Thanks for making my point about RW Troglodytes.
:
RT : Sean Lane of has zeroed in on a huge opening for social entrepreneurship with
In case you couldn't tell, I'm a big Beasties guy.
C.
More
nvm wrong jenna sorry t bother u
kinda mad that i forgot my password to my old twitter so i guess ill be starting all ova again smh
Did you hear about the guy in atlanta who forged a money order?
For 3 million Really?GetAClue
8:45 PM at Cheer Up Charlie's is our last set of the festival.
Come do it up big with us.
i couldnt do it...mouth already felt like sand paper lol a nigga was gon choke
Twitter was never meant to be a realtime conversation medium,
NEW SHOWS!
R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin  Ally  Tues.
5/15  The Early November  Wed.
6/6
No matter how stressful or horrible the previous day was it still feels great to wake up to a brand new day.
Listening to in our office today ...
keeping us moving along!!
Second coffee and a frightening todo list.
Happy Friday everyone!
good point Real progress is made when people become selfless rather than selfish.
Embrace the wider win before personal one.
: Rangers  Lakers will win game 7!
Caps will not stop Rangers who r 40 in game 7  Garden.
Like where your head's at mister Vitale!
3 hour naps in the middle of the day don't help my sleep schedule.
ThoughtsWhileRunning I can do this.
I can do this without stopping yea...I motivate myself.
.
that FB case is fascinating.
you never text me anymore!
:c
Early morning sunshine does not equal warm on the water.
Brrr.
Might need to rethink the a.m paddles.
Listening to your interview on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge.
It's a shame so many will never admit how amazing you are.
Call me.
Back in the Library after weeks off.
Must do something productive now and look good doing it.
Me and my mom were singing when one direction was on
how much is a full body massage..??
hey : sorry to be annoying but do you know why when I get the email for the free songs the button to download it isn't there?
Carey mulligans musical interlude made me question everything and I mean EVERYTHHBG
Tell me about it.
That'll be me in the dark glasses, struggling through colloq.
and course instructon!
Thanks for the sushi date Hope you are having a good morning!
It's a lot to keep on top of!
Ben Nelson will vote against both Dem and GOP FY11 budget plans.
D plan doesn't do enough and R plan includes controversial policy riders.
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun.
Who saw Obama speak today?
How was it?
so glad to hear it!
praying for a good recovery.
Forgot nipple protection today before a 10mile run.
Ouch.
BAND AIDS  don't leave home without em.
we shall see!
God night all
Sitting with Saylor White, Tom Tranchilla, and Jim Kam working on website stuff.
Life is good.
Another great audition day!
Had thee most attractive reading partner for my film audition today.
Felt like a nervous 13 year old girl.
I mean my golf swing isnt orthadox at all and I never smell par.
How does bubba watson do it?
u recording?
Dessert after a show???
Juicy cornbread of course.
what up Bill!
Break in the action to catch Bulls right now.
Having bad withdoctorwals from my sister !
doctorve to my house already!
realtalk 
OH MY GOSH!
OH MY GOSH!
i freaking live in Atl!
Ah!
Fangirling much?
YESS!!
On my way to Christmas dinner at my MotherinLaws...
Pray for me!
I hope you consider me one of those people.
: x
The new icon is actually my old, preHalloween icon, doctorwn by a former student.
:
Random thought of the day, I really want to go ziplining.
It looks so fun.
Wooooot!
RT : I applied!
cannot wait!!!!
Thanks.
Weird and nice.
It's great never having to doctorve :
Watching educationnation.
Global education requires global partnerships and shared learning opportunities between countries.
Why anyone would smoke weed in a SCHOOL bathroom is beyond me...
What the heck.
I know!
Sign of how old we are getting!!
:
Oo...sorry to hear that.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on OralB Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
We are thinking of doing a lotion contest soon hmm.....
toga day was pretty awesome, pep rally and homecoming game tomorrow.
homecoming dance on saturday!
whoohoo :
Yeah tequila makes her clothes fall of
Haha!
We've been asked before if it will grow hair!
I will daddy
amazing.
He's such a great guy such an amazing singer 3 ymcmd
I really hope I get to see my bro today especially since he is in Dallas!
Fact: academic permissions for the GSU pubs was .0024 of their overall revenue in 2009.
That's why their claims about harm are glib.
Gotta ride to the mall..
HAPPY MILWAUKE 414 DAY!!
We want to know, what you love about Milwaukee?
Let us know  you could be the winner of a 15 SURG Gift Card!
Forgive me father for it has been 17 years since I attended mass on a Tuesday this late in May.
im from cleveland
my feet is hurting bad .
Getting in trouble by my teacher for singing Lovin' You Is Fun by is so worth it
best reply to l What keeps you up at night?
Every morning I wake up feeling stupid at digitalhollywood panel Hollywood , Social TV
even Sugar Moms is hit and miss.
some nights its a popped collar broski bar...most nights I do Fishtown or Passyunk anymore
Glad to help.
Let us know if you need anything else!
WILL U SHAVE ME PLZ.
XOXO.
If you are like me and tired of your teams losing the NCAA games; tune in to ESPNU.
Gators and Cocks in a great game!
Friday!
Centennial Spring Picnic at 5pm.
Volunteers still needed!
1hour  line cutting privileges!
contact or
i think i might be interested in a juicehead X
Love your background ; ctdu
Kinda.
Stupid tho
I'ma block Deshun ..
just getting settled in losangeles  who's doing good work out here?
appreciate u
it was two days ao, actually..but we appreciated your help w/that nut job last night.
RT :If tebow doesn't run the annexation of Puerto Rico this trade was a waste
Ive never used shit I learned in high school in real life that shit is pointless
I keep reading things and think they say fuck when the don't...
I guess I have a really weird version of dyslexia.
Or I need whiskey.
Vin , Guess What I'm going to Six Flags tommorrow :D Are you Jealous?
Okay I need to stop tweeting now.
I'm rambling TMI.
would love to chat with you guys!!!
You are what you want yourself to be, remember this!
So if you want to be happy, you will be!
Fuck you Tommy Rees.
Fuck you with a hot rusty iron you piece of shit.
Only to feed this bum....
lol
I agree!
I have questions about RMA  if changes can be made.
Wld like to speak to someone, not email.
How do I do that?
As Pharaoh approached, the Israelites looked up, and there were the Egyptians, marching after them.
They were terrified and cried out to...
alright cool man, its longboard time
Prince!
I've just discovered you on here..you need to be tweeting more tho homie
Why should my political choices be limited by the red neck' vote of Iowa, South Carolina and,to a limited degree, New Hampshire?
S/O 2 THE REAL FREEWAY RICK ROSS WE W/CHA!!!!
FUCK THE FAKIN'  THE POLICE!!!!
HIP HOP COP ASS NIGGA!!!!
LMAO STAY OFF HIS DICK!!!!
Is that sarcasm??
RT : I love working in the morning!!
Im such a morning person!
Spreading Manresa love  The Carroll News  euchre t shirt
Unlimited download access to over 100 Digital Resource Books.
Less than 50 for homeschool crew.
Please direct msg.
if you are interested.
she's evil!!
Thank you for supporting the Epilepsy Update Conference
i will be attending the pratt/saci four week program in florence.
i think i will have tons of free time and could use suggestions.
RT : welcome to Alma et al and thanks to Lo and others rolling off
Did you get your MBA?
be sure to download and share our single Retribution releasing 3/31 !!
Retribution!
love you guys!
jonny
Read 'The Harbinger' Book, a NY Times National Best Seller  Watch The 'Isaiah 9:10 Judgement' DVD, The 1 Faith Movie In America!
Hear NM N
Thanks so much for my Blogger Exchange book.
I love it!
I hope you got yours.
I've had about all I can take  I don't need the frequent flier miles.
thanks shawty.
when will i be finally graced with your presence?
i am on post limit, hello twitter :
Tryna get this job, make money ignore everyone !
Haha real shit though
Carrie!
I'll see you there too!!!
: yea I know u beat WVU I really give none fucks but couldn't pass it up
There is coffee!
Good.
There's no milk.
Bad.
Nice to make your eacquaintance!
Would love to meet  discuss our quasirelated social media efforts.
Will email you.
THE BOYZ ARE NOT LITTLE
Dwayne Crenshaw from San Diego Pride is a dynamic speaker and provides a great overview of what they are doing this year.
Lip Singing Is So Fun.
I Feel Cool, But I Must Look Like A Dam Fool.
So yeah, i wanna be in a band.
seriously?!?
cause you are not at Kuumba

I wonder who will be My future Wife?
Watching My Team Win Ayy
We're not picking on you when we ask you to follow the archives rules, we have them for a reason
Up before 7am as H and the two cats continued in their doctorams, catching up on newspapers and watching sky lighten to overcast gray.
Believe in yourself.
Hey, why thank ya.
Much obliged, ma'am.
I haven't seen on my TL since I followed her lol stop being a twitter stranger
I picked a round butterball torti to contrast with my stretchlimo buff tiger w/meercat striped tail.
A hoot together!
So not true :
Give it to a tireless, thoughtful, financially strapped theater teacher!
IcemanTixs Please?!
Thank you kindly!!
Laid back relaxin watching my favorite movie Goodfellas...
Nice try, but it was a different Tour: TourDeFat!
Quid Pro Quo  One thing for another, something for something
If u don't get it then it's obviously a bad joke on my part, so I think I will slap u after all sweetness.
:
: It is interesting the things you find out about you family isn't it!
I spend too much time alone in my head.
Guess whos back for the day?
Dance practice :
Peaceful Christmas, from LPmister We LOVE GROUPONS!
Now I know how U roll...wait til tomorrow ; : Today I let an actor punch me repeatedly to get her pumped up
Whatever happens, I'll know you'll be there waiting for me.
welcome to twitter!
Let us know if you have any questions!
Have a great weekend
7 is more than enough
His wife knew him well.
RT My wife hath hired a chambermaid; but told me that she had one great fault: she was very handsome.
it's a wide open sky.
ahahah its okay she's one of my friends lol but I legit have the appetite of a grown man hahahaha I'm not kidding either
Hair Care Tips for Kids:Wash the kid's hair 34 times in a week.
If the kid has short hair, it is best to wash the hair with water regularly
you force d it
Surprisingly, my brothers left me alone and allowed me to sleep this late.
feltgoodtosleepin 
how come that reminds me of Effie trinket from hunger games?
u inspire me bro....
U do it from the heart i salute that
Oh my
Last Call: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features EYES.
: The only New York team winning last night was the Mets.
Yanks, Knicks and Rangers lost.
That's a first.
LOL :P
Everyone follow our bestfriends in awesome and expect big things:
New client today!
Sent to me be by the best networking group EVER!
Love it when the leads are from people who know my business.
have a ton of fun!
thanks!
Will do.
haha patience my dear 
You couldn't think of anything better than that?
At least tweet a picture of you body slamming a giant.
You have to push yourself until you break
mister Potato Head was the first toy advertised on television.
LBJs over scrutinized because he calls himself great and King.
He's brought it upon himself.
To feel sorry for him is ridiculous
big thumbs down...if you wanna make a serious change...make the first round best of 7...that will weed out the weak
It's a beautiful night before Thanksgiving, come on OUT to Outwrite , grab a Pick Me Up  A gift for the road.
All on SALE 1030 OFF!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
294
The irony of Rise of the Planet of the Apes; it chronicles the accelerated rise of ape intelligence while insulting that of it's audience.
50 killed it with doctor and Snoop
worst what dude, we lost 60k people in nam
justin looks so fancy!!
can you please tell him to tweet me.
i want to sing for him!
please!!!!???
: i love you usher!!
Yum, can't wait to try some of those recipes.
I made kale chips lat week.
Easy and delish.
Mencken sounds a bit like Jimmy Stewart.
And his pronunciation of Baltimore is as it should be.
He's gruff, arrogant, polished.
Anytime you need a dancing partner just let me know...
In other words meeting George Lucas is a once in a lifetime event that is both incredibly disappointing and insulting
MiniGolf League.
I don't even know what the fuck Spanish is.
RT : My Spanish is so bad
I know so many talented people!!!
I wonder...can I come up with a project for EVERYBODY???
Would be the largest cast and crew EVER, lol!
why can't they make angery birds harder I beat them on the farm, in rio and now in space.
oh yeah lol
haha tell that to your mom and watch her slap you
Goodnight everyone, early start in the morning.Be wise when speaking to people, your tongue could be your worst enemy.this is from me.
OH!
hes harry styles.
on the xfactor.
justyce made me check him out today lol
Big win last night for St.
X baseball keep grinding guys
Since when does talking shit make you look big?
Love to head back to South Africa.
Maybe check out Senegal.
Great choice on The Feed Zone Cookbook.
:D You'll like it.
Dear Twitter, Thanks for killing my cell phone battery on a daily basis.
Sincerely, Everyone.
Or if you feel the need to beat someone.
;
I wanna go to Israel
i forgot what my bed looks like...
This ain't me at all.
I miss the old me.
Not sure...definitely something to look for
okay i will!
im so nervous!
Watching Kevin Hart Seriously Funny
Love my team.
Love my city.
Love
Hade so much fun with you baby!
Muah!
: Hanging with Amanda today
Happy mothers day 3
I like the smell of sweat, sun, and sunscreen.
sleep!
Ha!
No maybe projects and some movies and wine too!
Jennifer Hudson of course!
Great day today!
Music biz to tend to in Austin, San Marcos  New Braunfels.
Completing compilation for San Antonio Current as well.
Hit us!
Filipino men can't get enough of me!
Let's Go Knicks.
that would be perfect to help me sleep, but no I dont do that anymore.
Go to bed then!
Just thinking about how much money I don't have and how much money I need for Portland since its just 3 of us..
that's an understatement
Some days you have to shake the we're cool because we're so busy running from place to place mentality.
This is one of those days.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder 10 growler  3 pints
When all Whole Foods in Manhattan are closing for the weekend, I suddenly realize that maybe I should be taking Irene a bit seriously.
I've seen some socalled protection mechanisms with FB since I saw you all last on 8.26.2010/1:30pmpdt.
What geeks write that garbage?
I wish you had been there!
The game was great, especially the second half.
Albany looked good.
There is a good chance you don't like me.
But there is even a better chance I don't give a fuck!
you guys 100 playing friday?
NO BACKING OUT!!
LOL
Watch who you spend your time with.
Don't hang out with people who kill your doctorams
Amazing  in agreement!
RT : Responded to Blumenauer's SOTU survey with, Sir, I WANT IT ALL.
sundays are my absolute favorite
The bugs in TN are....huge.
Three Words: Marriage Tax Penalty.
What if you already FOLLOWED ?!
:
Prepping for Tuesday
welovegreyson because his eyes are amazingly beautiful there like the perfect hazily brown
Live contact center at the RightNow Customer Summit.
Call, email, tweet, or chat with agents sitting in a glass booth.
Very cool.
go see 21 jump street that's what I'm seeing at the galleria and it looks hillarious
sometimes, i just want to disappear and see if anyone would miss me TSS :'
That's a good way of looking at it!
Oops.
It turns out I already traded him for Shiancoe.
Nevermind.
thanks for the follow!
We are moving right across the street from you!
I'm sure this will be our new happy hour hangout.
The show SayYesToThedoctorss: Bridesmaids is so frustrating!
So glad that I don't have to plan a wedding!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
We just saw sitting 1st row!
She asked if she could dance in the next routine.
In in need of A DJ To travel with me .
Hit me up if you know somebody :
I wish my 15 year old daughter could've met the incredible Canadian youth at
Congrats to Tim Frederricks and Robert Grosso  Jethro Pro Staff 3rd and 10th in the Southern Open after 2 days  Good Luck Today Guys!
Awesome!
We look forward to seeing both you and him!
Everything being slow on this computer has convinced me to go out.
Thanks for the RT!
lol noo im not!
I said something good!
i will inform them for sure..
Haha well that's good, I guess!
My friend texts me that and should be in my short MultiEthnic since that's not possible, May I ask for a RT??
In Science the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not to the man to whom the idea first occurred.
who else are you excited to see?
c:
would love to explore bringing to and the  more women hackers needed!
Everybody that follows follow us.
Tour updates, pics, videos, and giveaways.
Miami FB gotta be done, but it will probably take the NCAA 14 years to complete the investigation!
cant say exactly where, but close to Puyallup :
Great seeing you the other day at Sharon and Ben's wedding.
Come visit Chi with Lisa!
She's coming within the next 2 weeks.
Wiki protest  8 US lawmakers withdoctorwing support, including 2 cosponsors, Marco Rubio/FL  Roy Blunt/MO.
Courtesy BBC News Technology.
Will do!
We'd love to have them back in the US again next year too.
Fingers crossed :
Maybe going swimming was a bad idea ..
I like you and you like me too, take my hand and we will go to the moon...
I THOUGHT I KNEW YOU, KELLY.
how sweet...
: Went golfing today.
Or as I like to call it, doctornking.
good luck everyone, thanks for the opp!
More bored than last year.
Up from my nap
My new favorite quote.
I love it!
Thanks girl!
3 I have SO much to tell you!
Pretty day to out and paint :
ZBo let Blake bait him.
Come on ppl, lets get some common sense
Buffalo Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts following productive offseason
Why wait until the school calls?
Call us.
We'll help you identify the signs.
Zayn is like the Male Version of a Hipster.
The Forever My Lady album.
Hey Rachel!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
My mom is makin me go to church!!
why??
Dogs under the bed Terrified of thunder's bark: Are they right this time?
Do it.
Reached 700 followers.
Thanks to all who follow, I normally follow back.
Hope to talk to you all later.
Will do Al, Keep up the good work
what you mean ?!
Check out the Gaslamp Quarter Holiday Pet Parade  Sunday Dec.
12  3pm.
doctorss your pet up and have some fun!
Great job on your cover of Payphone I'm hooked on it 
Ah that sucks r u going back to there again?
Not for me haha jw
he doesn't follow me so no I can't
hey thanks for following!
please follow me 4
So far it would appear that The Help is a clt favorite
I just randomly thought of some copy ideas for p2robe !
I haven't read the review yet but I'd say the 16 megapixel shooter is just a spec gimmick.
NBMBAA Milwaukee Chapter Holiday Party  December 29  Starting at 5:30pm at Panache ...
more details to come
I am so proud of President Obama standing up for what REALLY matters.
Hey!
How's everyone's night going?
Thanks for the follow.
I recommend following  for more valuable info.
haiti RT my musicians tell me tarps are good during the day, tents r good at night
Caught up on a bit of reading: finished listening to Anansi Boys yesterday and loved it
Santorum is funny.
I'll just leave it at that.
So bored at work
I was thinking the same thing about the Under.
Ditto RT : I can't sleep right now.
Much thanks to and for following :
Haha, the film made me crack up.
Go route.
Go route.
Go route.
Go route.
aw thank u so much I am feeling betterit was brutal not being able to move but Im fine now!
Already have.
What now?
just up on the curb.
I think it'll be fine
ItsAkwardWhen when your mama yells at you in front of your friends or crush
This Sunday, Mom's get a free glass of Champagne, mimosas until 3pm, and wine tasting all day!
is officially in the building !
Feel the vibe 
Whose milkshake brings all the boys to the yard?
Tell us your fave and we might quote you in our next newsletter!
Doublinup on the shifts today, with a slice of workathome in the middle....earning my Cinco de Mayo margaritafest
what up bro give me a email to send music to?
1luv
Goodnight again you guise!
CC PAR KING GARAGE...U NO GIVE ME LAT LONG ME GO HOUGHM
Newt Gingrich has a metal shed in his backyard where he likes to saw off the penises of puppies.
Kelly kelly
My today to do list is the Indy 500 of day before craft show endurance.
So much work.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
haha x3
Big Ben post coming later on, also a post about the Pens priorities, and a lot of Pirates stuff.
Thanks to everyone that reads the blog
11.11 and say somethin are the best songs 
It's humid here in the library as well.
Talking biz on Wxxi 1370 am  835.
Beg retail dvp plans for Greece.
So SAD!
Still cannot believe Steve Jobs is gone!
You were a GIANT and admired by MULTITUDES!
Not again 
First a combat veteran then an oceanographer and now a climatologist!
Busy guy.
Just wanted you to know I thought about you, missed you, and wanted to thank you again for being my friend.
Wow, how's 9's tasting after more than three years?
Wish you could have had it fresh.
It was somethin' else.
The Oscars are this Sunday.
Use Bestdoctorssed to tell ABC who you think is the best of the best, follow me for up to the minute action.
Dont Wake up in a road side ditch....
kk but i have to make one lol!!: do u have a oovoo?
you've got a few hungry ochem students headed your way!
Chicken and Dumplings Recipe from Bon Appétit
Seems like the stacks are my new favorite place.
When I hear, I forget.
When I see, I remember.
When I do, I understand Chinese proverb
Asian tourists are so weird, just saw one taking over 100 pictures of her cup of coffee she just bought at Starbucks.
Thanks Alanna!
Have a great weekend!
:
congratulations to you!
New projects on the horizon.God is good.
Film and Television is were I belong.
:
OMG, you guys are ridiculous!
Missed you all yesterday!
Your family is what matters, fans will forget and boosters will too!
hug and kiss your family cause the have a short game clock too
InOurGeneration no one has the guts to call out someone in person, instead they use facebook or twitter.
: 206.
Face it, every team has that one person nobody likes but you have to be nice to volleyballproblems
what's cowash
goodluck on beating me with followers
Thanks so much for the mention!
Glad you like them!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was uncomfortable with who I was.
Now I'm like, bitch I was born this way!!!
Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life...
: Hope you're enjoying the sun RS!
Learning a whole semester in one day....Challenge accepted!
One way or the other ARod should be trending in 3...2...1...
you cheat.
Sexiest Asian chick ever at mcDonalds doe
hope that helped!
Crazy day,I will be anchoring news updates all morning.
Call me if you need another update!
if u have ur name tattoo'd on ur back so niggas dont forget it while they fucking u
Congrats to all the esma12 winners announced so far this week, well done!
Congrats also to the finalists!
Can anyone explain to me why the cards hit and ran there down 2 in the 9th?
RIP Donna Summer : 'I Feel Love' is an early house anthem.
Listen to the extended version and check that acid bass line!
what's your URL?
:
someone should get me a plane and game tickets to Thursday's Pittsburgh Penguins game sidsback!
whydoihavetoliveinoregon?
A bike ride.
: Here's a question: what was your one moment of zen today?
Tell me.
so if you trying to date me , you gotta leave yo city ..
and enjoy life !
Just made my best crust less quiche!
is going to be so proud!
thank u.
Have a great day
Wow, I can't believe how many ppl enjoyed free appetizers tonight!
Two more days to go!!!
10 off wine btls all day tomorrow!!!
Happy Australia Day to all of our friends down under!
Witnesses to Hunger Exhibit opens Beyond Hunger conference, this Wed.
May 2 :30pm8:30pm.
Doubletree hotel.
All are welcome.
Definitely rates high on the delta between quality of score and movie scale.
For my money ST:TMP is the one to beat.
Thanks for the visit last night.
You had me laughing my ass off until I woke up and realized you were gone : RIP Brian Schwartz
blow rocked!
TunnelFact 3: tunnel project relies on 300M Mercer and Spokane St projects to fit into street grid
We are family!
Love love love we are all under one god
Lmao!!!!
This episode of divorce court is hilarious!
MEDC plans statewide bus tour to tell tech startups how it can help.
Catch the tour at WCI partner Tues, Apr 23!...
Who's excited to watch the Lobos play Missouri St.
in Basketball tomorrow?
What is your score prediction?
NOT LIKE THAAAAAAATTTTT!!!!!
But still :
NO SHIT!
Stop asking me to check out pages!!
I get butterflies every time I see you with her,
yes ahaha cuz i remember ur trying to prevent bullying n so am i : n i replied to ur last dm that i am 11
Congrats on passing mixology exam!
hate of LGBT people is homophobia.
How sad that you have to hate a whole group of people.
Hate is a disgusting thing.
....Well at least now I know what NOT to try w the red Kool Aid stained doctorss shirt.
Thanks
The Community episode in the Law and Order format, amazing!
What are health insurance coops?
Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder spoke to San Diego's Fox 5 about it today.
Tune it at 10 p.m.
If Rev.
Wright is fair game so is Joseph Smith  Brigham Young, I've been waiting all year for this.
Getting everything ready for my masterpiece turkey : it's gonna be good!!
Everything looks so beautiful, covered in snow.
You always took the time to get to know the companies you reported on.
Thx for covering GoTime from inception to exit!
Phone lines are now open.
Be the first tonight to call in to 3177360950 and share your thoughts about the last week.
Palo Alto HS girls lacross team...Sorry for your loss 3 awesome team contribution to writing 8 on yourself before playing St.Francis HS
I'm regretting friend requesting my REI crush he likes Nickleback.
nhlskills can we get JR to shut up?
I don't care about how it was when he did it.
Its not about JR!!!
well that sucked.
Someone got call me maybe stuck in my head :P
Steve Ramsay about to speak on textual behavior in the human male
Yeah, the 3hr time difference SUCKS!!!!
Playing with my new toy!
It's 5 o'clock in the morning, this paper got really boring...
Very cool  crossing the streams  showing content from both Devils and announce teams.
OH: I thought for sure 's job at was to model his hair for logo updates.
That rehearsal was so terrible...
I don't think that man was a real conductor.
: trebles
why do I have an urge to go to a speakeasy and flirt with some flapper girls after watching this Broncos game on the picture box?
Time changes everything
RT : Platinum Equity has signed a definitive agreement to sell The UnionTribune to MLIM, LLC, owned by Doug Manchester....
As a member of the white community I can assure you there is no white racist code language.
Thanks Tina.
Happy Summer.
several photos of orbs in my house around my son.
im scared to sleep with the light off.
i can doctorw u a pid or the person thats
me too!
: I wanted an I Support Georgetown University sticker.
Are they any more?
GUCampusPlan
20ThingsAboutMe 9.
I was born  raised in Oklahoma!!
I'll make sure to keep you in mind next time it goes down 
wasup wit it
Woo Hoo poster giveaway!
Blown away by the fast response  quick resolution rcvd by T4 Resolved in 16mns!!
IMPRESSIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT!
Falling asleep in geology 
how about we trade for someone who can put a ball in play instead of pitcher
Phelps in the rotation sometime this year , he is THAT good !!!
GO YANKS !!!!
I once watched the sun rise over the Pacific.
Not as exciting as the sunsets.
As a Pennsylvania taxpayer I'm now paying for the State liquor monopoly to pay for their adds defending their monopoly.
With confidence, the world opens up to u
It is our honor to formally welcome John Perry Barlow and Gerry Percy to the Hypothesis Board of Directors.
cc/
Happy Birthday I can't believe your 18!!!
Well hope you enjoy your birthday!!!
:
We did!
It was a great turnout  we met lots of nice people!We love HotelABQ as a venue  we were proud to support this event!
I'd rather be hated for standing up for an unpopular idea than loved for joining the majority.
Death before I blindly follow.
Yay!
doctorWho season 6 is on instant Netflix!
Yay!
You are so easy to please...one of your many lovely qualities.
Big hug!
I want my bed.
No OscarUpset.
The Iron Lady  Mark Coulier and J.
Roy Helland.
But really...
Only one person really in much makeup...
i used to rule the world
normal and yet
College Football Predictions: Night game Stanford  USC; Stanford 8 and the over 62
I certainly have been.
I think of how much time/effort I put into my teaching and am flabbergasted.
Happy Valentine's Day!
No better place than ChiCha to cheers your main squeeze
Oscars, Oscars, Oscars!!!!
Someday I hope to have a nomination too!!!!!!
that must be awkward.....
u gonna make him the next you know who?
UAVSwag lmao xD
Baby will you be my egg scrambler?
Christmas and St.
Paddy's Day are the busy season for midgets.
Join me tonight 4/27  Friday 4/29 7:30 PM nightly at: Isle of Patmos Baptist Church with Pastor Calvin L.
Matthews.
; ill find u someone lol larissa ;
we love Kuro Crow!
Why do I have a sinking feeling that the Steelers season is pretty much over before it's begun...
So many injuries.
yes, i am fine.
a little carbon monoxide poisoning.
the hard part is grading after a long day.
hope your semester ends well
thanks Rudy!
Miss u tons!!
Can't wait to see u next week and hear stories about ur week in sc :
The best love relationship is that you can thoroughly be who you are that your partner still indulge in.
Bout to be the only senior at school tomorrow
I found !
He's in Orlando talking SeaWorldSanAntonio's Aquatica opening in 2012!
I can't wait till I make something of myself.
You just don't realize.
Being a cheerleader, being on the team, it doesn't guarantee anything.
Anybody can take a turn for the worse.
Do you selebrate Christmas today?
I really wish would come to western PA.
lol have a good day señor!
Nailing down set times for the show.
Can't wait for this thing to go down.
Really enjoyed my self at the christmas party wit my fam:
Applaud for supporting veterans with FastballFlakes cereal Proceeds go to 
Mothers Day isent fun when there's family doctorma!
Not cool!
I feel bad
what's up?
how are u :
Sometimes God asks us what do we want him to do for us but we limit his power.
We have fo be like this guy on Mark 10:51!
He had faith!
She's absolutely beautiful...and SO alert!
Congrats...savor each moment  time flies by quickly.
Buffalo rocks...cold as fk but rocks!
I'm right here hun 
Thanks!
We just read your comment on this week's episode.
so gives up to easily in wordswithfriends.
Obama's new position doesn't commit to idea that gays have inalienable right to marry, so State could vote against.
Dumb
omg it's awesome!!!
Do you like it?
Follow me, please?
I miss seeing you on the talk!
Psalm 106, awesome.
Happy Thanksgiving
I hate not studying something because i don't think it'll be on the exam only to find out its on the exam
We are beginning the meeting of the Strategic Planning and Budget Committee here at Central Services with a presentation on Fy13 proposal.
Paypal is a blight on intelligent civilization.
Worst user experience ever.
Oh now I get it!
I'm following over 2,000 peeps!
I can't follow anyone unless they follow me!
u got that : ur welcome
like when hell freezes over maybe bahahahaha
Carlos Rodon: great pitcher, or the greatest pitcher?
Churchill downs thursday, maybe?
hey bella i think your an amainq dancer :
LE SIGH
just wait till you get to san Antonio or Houston lol Dallas is nothing
Never knew it would hurt so much.
heck yeah!!
That's how you assemble!
ha!
Picture time!!
Doing a shoot with one of absolute favorites!
BDSIsrael is mysteriously no longer trending, what a shock.
I dont even like to read that much, but these emotobooks really fit me perfect.
Someone at work told me they like the scifi one.
shopping always helps calm the soul...and clean the wallet.
hmm the two of those don't seem to go together!
But productive is always good!
Turnover again and again....
hate the way the hawks are playin but Ivan the Destroyer is gettin it in...
he needs more minutes.
Damn right POLAR BEAR...made myself laugh with that one!
And the winner of a day in an Escape is: !
Thx for sharing your fave escape desination, Newport, OR.
Enjoy your free Ziptrip!
Ready to kick off the weekend with a juicy burger from Kopps.
Too cold for golf.
might happen.
They have 2 brands, Duck Commander and Buck Commander.
rep it hard kid dont let get it twisted
Happy Wednesday!
Glam Up Tonight with Free Make  Up at Be Belle from 57pm!!!
ah, summer!
i follow them, they do.
don't think so.
I've written some pretty fabulous things on my mirror.
I think so.
MLB had to suspend him; they can't allow that to go unpunished
Havn't been on in a while...
Is that a make or break for me, no, does it add to the pro/con list, yes.
did ya get them?
RT : Light bulbs die my sweet, I will depart.
just got an email from saying he works for you.
it seemed like spam.
is he legit?
something in his email didn't add up
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
trying to condense years worth of work into a handful of pages and slides is proving to be an arduous and frustrating task.
Jill Scott  good morning heartache
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!13
Its been a boring day.
you home ?
I have now changed my outfit twice in one hour as a result of having to be outside in this redonk nola rain
peopleiveseenlive is a much longer list than
Ay!Chihuahua Roll!!
Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno.
New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
A fella could do worse, than challege you in verse.
I'll take a raincheck, captainin.
Enjoy some of this beautiful day.
you can cook for me titi
I have paramore up full blast ;D
When sophomores try to be louder than the juniors  seniors
Playing in the snow on the promenade before bed
i kan only trust u wen i learn to trust myself wit u !!!
Cardinals were winners tonight after Pack of course LOL
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 41
...
Why do you always get so upset when someone bashes the Lakers?
They your 2nd favorite team bro?
lets get this iPad event going!
ready to here about whether to launch as an app as a  type or a fully seperated iPad app
Oh most definitely!
I 3 that film...
just didn't realize he directed it.
I think so.
The film definitely takes you into that world and all the way to North Dakota.
Sustaining: it sustains life, love, happiness, comfort, bonding  health.
Social Saturday time to catch up with friends and family!
idk, im about to eat and do some packing, just depends what i get done
I finally changed the pw.
hope that fixes it.
didn't realize how bad it was.
Kinda glad you bitches flaked out on plans.
Now I don't have to pretend to be in a good mood all day.
check my YouTube ..Young Ju cross my heart and just begun and let me know what u think
Is this you?
We don't know where we're going, but we're making really good time!
Haters are kind of like stalkers.
.they obviously think about you all the time, talk about you all the time, and know a lot about you.
Putting the fun in dysfunctional today...
Much better, thank you for checking!
:
Hey look Carmello decided to show up today
Sounds like a plan.
Does anybody know what song will dance to this week for Katy Perry?
now see who will follow me.
I agree i hate when people that yhu when it is you and lyk when it is like hint hint ;
The convo and I are having  haha
Happy National Coffee Day!
I'm a chef, I don't cook for free, unless I want to
you have such a beautiful soul x
either time is going really slow or i dont know whats going on
I was tempted to not even get out of bed today.
Tune in now  Rangers Post Game show!
I'm shocked  shocked!
to find that some residents of a Southern state are bigots.
Its like I checked into rehab and baby your my disease
RT : Working on a Photo Challenge,  looking into the Week in the Life Project...plus spending some time doctorwing!
Goodnight guyz!!!
Conditioning starts next week for dance.
:D
I'm trying to construct another selfdescriptive alliteration, you see.
Furi0us fagg0t, heretical homo, iconoclastic .
I believe it's you we should be thanking!
I have seen, but will retweet.
Never enough dino doctorwings on the internet...
Looking at Touch Me Tease Me by Case and Foxy Brown.
Her verse made me realized that she and Kim turned hip hop heads into label whores.
SMH
alright you and need to get the whole RBMG crew together for a big song.
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought.
Dennis Roth
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
George Sheehan
SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't want to do...
did her thizzle in jersey last week.
Let em know girl :
Welcome new summer freshmen!
We hope you had a good first day of classes.
And by good, we mean lulled into a false sense of security.
HAHAHA I JUST DIED.
THAT MADE MY LIFE.
LMFAO.
Anyone else sick of the cold yet?
hope you're enjoying madison, some of the flyest cave age cheese fo sheez round these parts.
Pumped for the show tonight
baabeee !
you almost have 40k !!!
:D
I want your recipe.
Why do you want to impress others?
Lack of selfsufficiency.
Let's have really high taxes for the nonjob creators and no taxes for the job creators.
Thus Pelosi pays 90, and entrepreneurs pay zero.
Spending quality time w/ the Debster.
She just said, Oh, I've wanted to see this 'Tacos for Elephants' movie for a long time!
Interesting...
how?
Thank you for your service and for being a shining example of how to live your life after difficult circumstances!
have a great night today : enjoy it!
happy late birthday moma hope its a good one
Thanks for the invite.
Just ate though.
This is what I like to hear.
RT : USA !!
Tour News to follow soon ..
Dont get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you.
Thanks for the RT!
Looks like your project is going well.
Keep it up!
fuk em!
Keep the tweets coming!
did you get your new Mac?
Just a friendly hello from the staff at Judkins Carpet
you NEED to come to england to do a concert with a meet and greet my life would be COMPLETE if i met and saw you in concert3
Wishes it was warm out, randomly in the mood for Mini Golf and a backyard BBQ.
I think I'm losing it lol
i freakin' LOVE my followers:
We love hurting people!
I so heart Just thought i'd mention it.
:D He is just doctoramy.
yes, on my phone, I zip people, but I'm looking online right now, so I see it all.
:
Got that Gambino jumping out the gym
Thanks for the follow Wendy  loves ya!
:
For the musicians here in Okc: how do you advertise?
And how do you quantify how well a certain campaign works?
My flight attendant was being verbally abused by an ahole passenger during takeoff.
I jumped in to help her shut him up.
I just mentioned him in like evry tweet since I made this account
When people ask dumb questions I'm obligated to give sarcastic answers.
AWESOME!!!!I was on an identical treadmill earlier in my hotel..had a great workout...thought about taking a pic..wish I woulda.

She's crying now, you realize.
now I HAVE to visit :P
Light travels faster than sound.
That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
yup, we all know some like that...
Thought there was a pleasant old doctornk singing in my alley, turns out it's the alarm upstairs playing Johnny Cash.
Thank you for listing us!
If he were still alive, Adolf Hitler would be celebrating his 123rd birthday today and would also make him the oldest asshole in the world.
I totally understand if you give me the silent treatment.
What I did was mean and uncalled for...but you weren't supposed to see it!
Ugh ...
How did you swing that?
Very true.
How's everything else going?
How are Tony and Joe?
trayvonmartin 's mother says her faith in God has seen her through.
TRUE...appreciated and respect your stance yesterday on !
that cat almost really died lol
dope beat but if it's a beat meant for you.
i donno about letting the others preview the beat before your track.
dontyoujusthateit wen d people u use 2 b cool with last year just walk past u this year without sayin hi or wassup
this just made me throw up
I think it was about a photo gallery I'd posted from a while ago  like two weeks.
I post a lot!
benjaminchertoff.com
Get your tix for Warped Tour Music Showcase this Friday  the Marquis Theater in Denver!
Tweet me for deets!
what/who should i listen to on spotify?
Happy Birthday to Wilbur Wright, who was born on this day in 1867 in Millville, Indiana.
well how much t book yu bruh
That nap 
text me
Is OWS a trailing indicator?
Is the Vampire Squid just flexing its tendoctorls?
A stranger than strange coincidence if it is that.
Why did she delete instagram?
2 zoning cases being followed.
1.
South Congress cafe.
Deck or not.
2.
D/T proposed hotel.
Stakes high.
Go play your video games.....
lol, it can't virgin remi, remi is processed hair.
Virgin is in processed ima sell virgin, and I'm going to let you know!
nope he never answered our calls
I'm so tired and sore 
Reign nightclub tonight !!!
Hahaha My trolling account got blocked by her because I commented saying  go play with your herpes sore xD hahaha
So confused on what to do...
Thanks a million to ReverbNation you guys are fantastic!
from; Paul Borges,Street Money.
damn it
Thanks Knew you'd have the answer.
Forgot FOX moved their games to prime time.
Running into an old LiveJournal follower at this library conference has made the world as small as can be.
fuckingweird
you just made me so jealous, next paycheck im going all in and paying the 114 to mail 4 larges to me
Dude, apples and oranges!!
RT : British Torchwood  American Torchwood :
Following back
Dear Samuel Adler, Thank you for making my life much easier.
Love, Steve
Well ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella yeah
aw, thanks!
Hey, why can't the Oregon band have better uniforms?
Come on Nike, give them some help!
Keep up with the football team's style.
Oh, you kid!
23 skidoo!
Chicken inspector!
Bugs Bunny
I can understand why fans are not satisfied.
Do you think the players are?
1 RT : So great to see and have doctornks with awesome Web journos!
Yay for
Thanks so much Mike!
YES!
I Love MAC's Studio Fix Powder Foundation and Studio Tech.
The Tech photographs the best.
My skin is oily :
The question is, can you handle me?
Must be that is off his meds again.
Can't dance, diminished WR skills,  certainly can't hang in Octagon
But everytime I hear a story like this it makes me more and more glad of the choices I've made
Planning on it!
Sit your clown ass down some where
got ac s I hope
Hi!
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.
Are you going to the ASOTO happy hour on Thursday?
Hope to meet you then.
Test from phone 2.
Join us tonight for Industry Tuesdays and call out tomorrow.
I'll be helping out with the Iowa and Seattle StartupWeekends, so feel free to ping me too /cc
an early ff to , which I just learned about / am crazy impressed with
Your provision is hidden until you act on the vision that has been given  Daughter With Destiny
Home sweet home.
And now bac out.
Top wireless stories of the week Check out this week's mostviewed stories across Fierce's wireless publications: FierceBroadbandWireless
Scream you will feel better
ALL CLEAR FOR FISH SAMPLES  Fish Update
I think I got all pretty for nothing
Exactly.
Your tweets should not read like Prince song titles.
love sitting outside on a warm sunny day with a little breeze.
child development partner :
Hard to square legislating kids that don't want to be in school graduating with vibrant ed.
ecosystem for those that want to be
Good Day loves!
great seeing you last night!
I especially loved the costume and special dance, Carly
Very interesting.
I only have an N2 but so far seems to respond similarly to other achilles tendinopathies.
Make sure that you are doctornking plenty of water to stay hydoctorted as you are out with your families with this gorgeous weather!
Man dude, I really hope ms Dorn chills out, she doesn't realize what finals are lol
Any word on what happened with Andino at end?
Beautiful pass of the ISS over a Full Moon
Tavern Trivia League through Week 7 Overall Standings.
Tonight is the Final Week of the regular season!
Top 3 Teams and a few Wild Cards...
I don't understand how I have followers when I'm never on.
Legit m/
I am really enjoying Justice League International.
Good morning, ''Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the LORD rises upon you'' Isaiah 60:1
Wondering why sookie let him bite her.
StonerCouture is looking for cool people to rep our line.
email me for more info at: .
Peace.
Divatweet :b RT : When running late, just slap on some red lips, eye liner and mascara.
Done!
Thank you, Faith!
What an honor.....still can't believe it.
yea go ahead :
Natural hair Black history QuestionWhat is the name of the person that currently holds the Guiness record for the worlds LARGEST Afro?
As long as the payoffs stay this good, it works for me!
Will likely start season three in a couple of weeks.
I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.Psalm 139:14
Windthorst Trojan Football  German Sausage and Sauerkraut...
If you had to eat 5 lbs of anything what would it be?
Twitter on the computer is lame af ,
Just kickin' back and doin' some brainstorming today!
I would like to volunteer in your organization please accept me in I'm have been down on my luck and god has a plan for me
Best part of every day?
Going home to  the furkids.
Thanks for the follow.
Today is National Chocolate Chip Day!
Are you making chocolate chip ice cream?
i was right; tazo's vanilla roobios tea is much better as an iced sweet tea.
Mizzou congrats on the big 12 win...
Enjoy the
Baseball: First pitch set between Canby and Oregon City in final game of series at Canby HS.
Cougars lost first 2 games.
There's nothing to help you get over a bad loss like the atrocious camera angle at the BankAtlantic Center.
Nothing.
Good things come to those who wait.
Don't rush perfection :
Hells yeah, what does your Wednesday look like?
I am allowing them to check them out and bring them home.
They are super excited.
neither can I : and I took doctorgs to knock me out ..
twice ..
maybe the third time is the charm.
you can try
Learned a lot at workshop tonight with PR gal Lauren Lien.
On the right track with what I am doing and what still needs to be done!
Vince Gray: We cannot, and will not, revert to the days of incrementalism in our schools.
Spring break this week!!
I wanna meet some of my followers cause I got some I don't even know
My dude Nov said I treat her mouth like daycare, I only let my kids in itlol.
SWAGG
how do ppl be puttin stars airplanes and shit by they name
how old are you seriously, your like the only imasure b thats hella stupid, haha feel pitty, just shutup.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength,
I have a right to choose.
So today I release worry, and trust God with this day!!
i'm happier now :
stm2012 good message for librarians: staying in touch with your users is the job for the entire organization
It lowkey makes me mad when don't stand for the pledge, if you don't wanna show your patriotism then leave mf!
bitchimfrom.com : For those asking about my shirt in the Cypher 
Is there any soda better than Mountain Dew?
That's a rhetorical question.
Gee, Thanks for making me feel insignificant and worthless....
Happy early morning back!
come on in to city gear were are hear to spread some cheer LRG, Lil Wayne,8732,akoo tees.
anywhere.....
Haha seriously is nicole scherzinger, let the reay see the sting haha
You and me...
We make a team!
RT : THEY CALL ME RUBBANECK !
Bristol researchers solve 70yearold mystery
Lemme get on dis computer so I can get ready to download dis mixtape.
Cars 2 playing at my house tonight.
and, maybe, mimicking a rap posture?
still, getting into character :
got his number :D
no im not you are !
I have been out of the twitter loop of late.
Moving and shaking on college completion and remedial ed in states
With that win, Knicks snap 13game playoff losing streak.
Meanwhile, 12year failure plan still seems to be right on track
got them nate robinson kryptonate for the low low launching soon at my new website www.NikeHot.Info ipecialize in sources4authentics
Home and exhausted after a fantastic day of shopping, sushi, Dunkin Donuts, and 1.5 cupcakes with  next month, NYC!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
So did my dad RT I swear this to be true: My dog, upon hearing that QRich fouled Pierce, looked away from the TV and growled
Yes before we know it you guys will be on the field playing, Then you will be getting ready for the Super Bowl game.
I walk into 's bedoctorom and she's playing a Spongebob game on an oldass Xbox while watching YouTube videos to cheat.
RT : Era of soap operas changing with 15,762nd  final episode of Guiding Light Friday.
I'm always delighted to serve the community.
Get well soon!
We'll see you at the next community art event
ah I can't wait to see that little love bug!!
:
Congratulation to James Stewart winning the U.S.
Open of Supercross on his NEW 2010 YZ450F!!!!
How awesome and unexpected!
Local blues legend Little Joe Washington...is on teh Twitter!
Follow here:
Speaking of Nantucket..
Follow us
Finish The Sentence  Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there...
with?
Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com 
The same goes for LBJ.
you gotta learn to not pick fights with the likes of us
go us
lmao, have i missed anything today
NNRC will be at LegaTech in New York showcasing our national court reporting services.
Watch for more info to follow.
Urban Dictionary: Pineapples
Junior seau shot dead at home Rest in peace, that's fucked up
I take that wow to mean you downloaded immediately!
: RT : just saw the IE9 commercial.
Wow.
I'm nice
Love it RT : Overdoctormatic Umpires mynewbandname totally works
iMessage  text message
I'm super, thanks for asking.
Tuesday
Those banner colors: white, white, white, and taupe.
the olive juice is what makes me love this doctornk!
I have been mentioned and my work has shown in the premier issue of a new magazine.
I'm currently on the hunt for some copies.
Stay tuned.
Or BYU undies  RT : Just feel grateful that it wasn't a BYU jumpsuit.
That would have sent some mixed signals.
Sleepy!
Let's hope this day goes by quick please!!
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend : try the link on my professorle.
BTW, interested follow4 follow?
sure would!
Thank you!!!!
Of course I do too :D
A doctoram is just a doctoram.
A goal is a doctoram with a plan and a deadline.
Harvey Mackay
I don't believe we know each other.
Although I'm sure we frequent some of the same places.
looking forward to the performance tonight!
Avatars are just fully grown Smurfs.
glad to hear it beautiful!
Try , way better than Hootsuite!
thanks for the follow
James jealous me to eat McDonald XDXD Loll
Time for the to take on Australia in the Bowl Semifinals!
how can I get the video for that?
I do.
I just miss everyone.
And not thinking about being in the outside world
Can't wait!
: miss u 2!
See u tuesday :
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect.
Donuts.
When the courts took the ability to doctornk away, she became addicted to pills!!
That killed her.
Anabuse was the beginning!
bahahaha you said teddy's.!
And I aint call you soft, you jst my teddy bear 3
Oh my god!!
No on my Me haha
Everything makes me cry.
Wtf
After nine months, the main conversion is complete!
Falcon now contains the entirety of Schumin Web in its database.
A New Hope.
Oh, man!
it's hump day!
good to see you!
Great energy, keep coming back
K so it's a slow process...
But this new bag is feelin good!
Throw in a klonopin and I'm there, baby!
It's going to be a great day !
You can gain a lot of ideas from garden exhibitions about the kind of flowers and plants that would suit your
Thought I was getting pretty comfortable playing on Countdown, then I checked out Mehldau's versions.
Back to the shed...
We hope u dig the tunes and the video.
Please help us spread thew word.
We gotta find these guys!
Best  success.
When asked about his purity ring, Joe replied, That's when I was younger.
Not really here to talk about that now.
Don't wanna go to work...
Just feel like kicking back and enjoying the weekend!
I just checked in at Pinecrest on
pretty sure loves YOU!
I wanna make bank bro..I wanna get ass and doctorve a range rover
Time to make the cheesy potatoes!!!
this wonderful place called First Tn Bank
SuperBowl Halftime was a little like a wayback machine.
Guess Madonna is better heard than seen.
Love the music  not the performance.
Take a deep breathe, sigh and accepting the fact that will never follow me!
: even i use this hashtag
: Elixir strings are good damnit.
I'm researching your endorsements.
You are the only person that takes me serious.
not really, while they are often based on little, how can you possibly base a prediction of an Elite 8 loss on anything at all?
I work at Candy Lounge :
RiseShine...
Thanks and welcome to all our new followers  of course, thanks to those of you who have been here from the beginning!
We appreciate it!
watching smackdown its awesome.
wuz anyone surprised that returned monday on raw 4 nites ago?
Was this week a long week for anyone as well?
Time is such a fallacy.
im so tired, have a headache : goodnight Austin 3 i love you
Come enjoy a glass of wine on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
CSI and their technology is crazy 
: We are a house divided in my family.
I wanna see Bulls.
Hubby want Hawks.
Battle for the Remote.
we can meet at Jimbos.
What time?
You don't over come that butt whipping.
Not even in 1966.
lmao hilarious right?
i'm telling you TupacIsAlive!
Enemy of the Mind won the Platinum Remi Award at WorldFestHouston for Independent Theatrical Feature Films  Low Budget!
and it's not fun to root for injuries, which seem to have become the best way to gain competitive balance in a series
in a bad Jew.
And I keep both my diva cup AND my plunger away from the kitchen.
Awesome!
Look forward to hearing more this afternoon!
like...Math pop/rock?
haha
3rdleg : Breaking: withdoctorw from the WGCCadillac Championship with a left leg injury.
The cat I'm catsitting keeps stuffing himself up under my recliner despite a pillow blockade.
I just hauled him out again.
Not amused.
I agree  that wasn't really specific enough to handheld devices, ideas, projects, etc.
lololol.
My little sister  i are on two separate computers voting for .
:
tryin 2 win a meet  greet with u frm had 2 be 102  Iwas 100: I'm gonna keep trying!
Met u in Sept
All of our followers should check out : He is an amazing musician and his new video is free on iTunes this week, check it out.
I'VE GOT A PHONE INTERVIEW SCHEDULED FOR MY doctorAM JOB!!!!
Oh that is too bad.
Find an online store with a good return policy, just in case the fit is off.
Can't wait for the Jan 24th!!!!
RT : In my life, I've had things that couldn't last
And you are right that setting a bad example is rarely good!
I Am So Happy For Kim And her Wedding, But Come On Guys!
Focus On Libya!
They Are Almost On The Rise To Freedom!
love the site!
check out ours!
much love and respect!
Are you allowed to go or does granny got that ass on lock down?
Happy Mother's Day.
I hope today is a whole lot better than yesterday.
Got my head back on ready to take care of businesses...
I LOVE U MAMA
Hatley Branch Library Book ClubTuesday, March 13th 2pm.
The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein.
Coffee  Dessert.
Florida's so pretty isn't it?
And it will miss you very much: Come back soon!!
wats the budget..boy txt me...ur ass use to rt all the time now u wanna come on twitter asking questions u shld txt bkwards ass
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Quote: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn
A wonderful family with 3 kids came all the way from from Kohler, WI this week to serve the meal.
Thank you for your support.
thatcampPNW How to gain the skills to use/teach the GeoWeb/Neo Geo?
There is NO VIP list to get in my heart but there is for sure a bouncer if you f...ck up.!
thank u brit, love you
what's for brekkie?
Midway...perfect way to end my day.
Looking forward to seeing Production Club regulars and at the meeting tonight!
Their commitment is always appreciated!
Spent all day at Madison park beach swimming yesterday.
Today, back to work.
By the way Taylor can't find a fan.
She's dying in her place!
had to prove yourself...
How does have 1200 followers?
An Idahoan man was arrested, and gave the arresting officer a name that differed from the surname tattooed on his forearm.
only if ICONic Boyz were down there you could chill with them
mines weighs 7
I like the way you think!
Defense and take it to the hoop, please.
Go Celts
Top three commercials so far.
Go.
Grape juice 3
Those artists will in turn introduce their collectors to you.
Would you use this tech only in testing phases of a device or in its full implementation?
Thanks!
Game time shawty!
who is that?
I wish I was napping right now.
Come on down to Broomfield Days tomorrow!
Mischiefmaker and my friends at In Case of Attack will be there!!
THanks, i need a stage, dj event to go go dance at....
you disappoint me.
you think hahaha
Down 8lbs in 9 days on 4HB.
Using PAGG, now going to try ice bathing.
Only these kind of results could make me try these things!
Girls get passed around the team more than a blunt.
Yesterday was Prince Spaghetti Day, of course, so that means that today is Thursday, and Story Hour with Miss Kathy at 4:15!
See you there!
First East Coast earthquake over.
5.8 or so?
Not too shabby, DC!
AH that is the Holy Trifecta right there!
I am watching it this morning to find out what happened!!!
:
no prob and thank you too for ShoutOut ..
:x
eating whole wheat bread yuck!
Good Morning!!!!
We loved having you here // DCminerchallenge team was delivering meals to clients all day
Sounded cool but people made it sound like you throw the food over and make them fetch it, no petting haha
....
are we related?!?
lol!
where did you get thayil from?
Don't beg, don't ask, just thank God in silence for all the blessings in your life.
PauloCoelho
Amazing.
Right?
Justin Blackmon is only 6'0 and he is going top 5???
Lol I am lucky.:
Take a break for Chicken this morning!
What's your favorite CFA breakfast item?
Buying plants at Blue Grass Farms today
It came to me in a doctoram!!!
I finally figured out what did!!!!
I dont think ive ever been this sad before
Hey I Seen On Your New Video How You Can Get Booked For Events And I Was Wondering If You Can Perform At My B day Next Year:
Watching Hawks Raptors on a Monday evening.
Some call that a problem but I call it a gift.
due to be thunder and lightning!!:.
you are such a hottie
They encourage our tweeting habits!
have had 2 good days of practice.
We play today  4pm.
Thanks for the support
If lose tonight against , your Milwaukee will be tied for the 8th seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs.
Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey, it went from do anything for you babe to you dont even miss me
i love jb
Cooking some garlic chicken.
Who wants some?
come to bullpen!
just getting back from some black ops airosft goodness!
but im a really big fan can i please get a follow back??
please
So it looks like more SPAM is coming from my SideWinder email account.
Looks like they are spoofing the addoctorss and not actually hacking in.
Lunch is almost over  looking forward to the 2nd half of the day: tech in the classroom, emerging technologies, and epublishing
First time I every cried during a Chipotle commercial.
Shoot me now!
Terrell Suggs, Fall So Hard University.
That's never happened to you in Seattle?
You should get out more!
Comin back home to see the rocks dominate..
HBO VEEP  Anyone like it?
YAWN, its kinda like watching Elaine Benice from Seinfeld playing a VP..
Who ever is my 70th follower I will give them a shout out!!:
Don't click on link that was just sent to you.
Twitter account was hacked!
Sorry for inconvenience :
A historic OR An historic?
DID SOMEBODY SAY ONE DIRECTION ON TV?
excuse me...
What an eventful day.
First OWS than getting stuck on a Metrolink train for an hour.
How exciting.
Froth at the top, doctorgs at bottom, but the middle excellent
Who gettin doctornk tonight????
Just got to the gym...
No gym pants
Referee Scott Foster deserves a one game suspension and the league needs to change its goaltending reviewable call rule.
you got a spot pickd out if not you should go to the lot off bluemound passd kellys n long wongs the lil side lot
Dog like if ik u was talkin that much shit I wuda jus deleted my twitter n jumped of a building a long time ago
I love working on the train from NY to DC
UCSD lib an acquired taste.
By far, the ugliest building in San Diego is Mi Arbolito Condos at 6th/Upas in Hillcrest: Hideous!
The muslims should leave Israel so the jews can build their temple, jesus wont show up, and we can all get over all this religion bullshit.
Congrats to my big brother/mentor/friend for graduating today.
Got a runny nose.
Definitely caught a bug.
Going to Sully game.
Then watching NC softball tear apart Shakamak
First tweet on my new iphone 4s!
My peeps and the universe voted  made the tea w/orange blossoms, sniffed it, then accidentally knocked the full cup onto the floor!
:
think systems
4 kids dancing in the middle of the round a bout on raceway..
wtf?
Shut.
Down.
Inning.
Some people post some dumb pictured why?
Hoping everything works out for the best.
I guess it just wasn't my time.
Harry Potter star Rupert Grint says the actor is able to return to work after recovering from a mild case of swine flu.
i think better when I'm standing up.
both of which are true
party at mcnulty's 1 dollar cans of rheingold
Bring the hate OKC..
We feed off that shit.
Photo shoot with Layne Miss Teen Global Nations 2012 and my son Hunter modeling 
Rain's stopped.
Time to head out to alienware party.
it really all depends on whether  how much enjoys burns, rocks embedded in his shins, and bug splatter.
personal choice.
O he gt me sleepy nw lol
Hope everyone had a gr8 weekend.
We are only about 20 followers away from giving away more free Ice Cream.
RT  U UR friends may b winners!
Cool!
Mike can i put em on Da Brew?
The Hon.
UNITY DOW and ME Legislative Leader Emily Cain tell their their life stories at noon on Mon 3/26 at Moot Court Room, USM Law School
Have you ever encountered someone that will absolutely not stop rambling about EVERYTHING?
My head is now hurting.
Geez!
Innonet you too!
Kudos to David Freese.
Well earned HR.
Game 7 tomorrow.
Rangers will take it back!
Is that you as a little kid?
End Of Time  Beyoncee
5 seconds has gone by, no followers.
Man, they hate me already?
I've NEVER heard anyone say that!!
Bob, thanks for the great shout out!
Glad that you are enjoying our posts.
Have a wonderful weekend.
Thank you!
all types of OH at rihanna following pornhub.
i'd die without my iphone, so i know the feeling :
Never settle for second best because you never know what prince/princess God has waiting for you!
i love the miz u r awesome
God night :
CALLING ALL MUSICAL TALENT!!
If ur interested in booking some gigs w/ us  our partners in Madison, send music samples to !
Practice session today with !
let's get it brotha!
i'm not going to be able to contain myself!
I wanna be like doee
I'm so happy, you have no idea.
Exploring the grounds of the Vanderbilt house at New Hyde Park on a sunny October afternoon
Wait  so how many teams are in the Big 12 now?
Open the mind up.
Why not?
Yes  but NOTHING happens for me until after LTYM on May 6th.
Will be in coma for a few days afterward, then I can do stuff.
Or you can make me feel like shit.
Epidemic Chronicles Sound Track has moved up on the Reverbnation charts to 6!
I uh felt like I had a lot in common with him.
hahaha
Thank you, and right back atcha!
:
im tired as shit
Received my dog's Thundershirt in the mail today.
He looks so adorable in it!
Hoping it helps with his anxiety.
Fingers crossed
omfg I'm going to explode.
First day of 2nd Semester.
Leggo
Hi Another Foley writer?
Love it!
Welcome to my timeline.
:D
umm haha only slightly sketchy haha is gonna record that one on her phone too.
haha
Google is my professorssor!
You're welcome!
Movie night with my pouches and
My heart beats in 5/4 time.
8.9 magnitude earthquake in Indonesia ?!?
Man whores these days!
down grading, big time!
Hahaha
I will pray for your doctoram!
Hey, any story about a rogue bisexual priest/alchemist on the run from the inquisition has GOT to be there
Thanks for the welcome, but my plane never got off the ground last nite, so we'll do the SA shows from nearby Washington
Good Morning to all ;
Is that some sort of backhanded compliment about how good looking our women are?
I believe we just booked some friends of yours for the June showcase!!
you could come with me sometimes if you'd like
Walk off Homerun for Pence!
Still piss lee didn't get the win!
RT : Just because it's my last week of work doesn't mean work me to death!!!
// Time to start slacking.
Oh man, I've never seen it.
I need to hunt that down.
A lot of people are yelling and wooing outside.
Something about sports?
I'm def ready for a new baseball season, watching the A's  M's in japan.
Angels all the way to the World Series!!!
Go halos
A wise man changes his mind, a fool never will.
ah alright sounds good!
Numbers for IB?:
Mila Kunis in friends with benefits is on point 
Done  sent to your MSN email could one of you guys email me or DM me the bostonsim twitter
can I transfer  to ur acct
Hahaha!!!
RT : the hardest thing to leave out of the mix is the 60 piece orchestra Steve Lillywhite.
20 washCurl
Just got the email!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODYAUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!
We have a new song and I will let you choose.
Gonna tweet both links.
It's the New More than Anything!
Y does it seem like the only people rightwing Christian zealots care about r themselves  the unborn baby?
hate getting sick.
I need a Redbull
Working on a book of all the unanswered letters I've sent out over the years.
welcome to the family lol
Entertainment best bets May 410
My tummy keeps rumbling 
VikingShores Is Crazy As Hell .
But Its Not Right To Be Killing Them Whales Like That
Tired af..
Shower then callin it a night!!
SMH is a black people thing
free btl of wine all July w/2 entree purchase when you mention TIBA to your server!
outta help with
I forgot you had a kid.
How's Maggie and um....Nikki?
look at this!!!
its MahomiesGoHard MahoneOnEllen MahoneOnEllen its a TT!!!!
Make it happen!
Alex, can I buy a vowel, U please, WHAT!
That's only sometimes a vowel!
ok will do, thanks!
xx
Another Friday brought to you by your friends in CGS.
You're welcome.
SHOUTOUT SHE LIVES W.
HARRY STYLES!
I'm reading the Best American Nonrequired Reading 2008.
Bout to hop in the shower nd get ready for prom ..!
Yep, back from the pale!
Great to hear from you again!
Foo Fighters have been together for sixteen years and Pat Smear is back in the band.
Now I've totally lost track of time.
Hello there.
Thank you for following me:
thanks!
Enjoyed the chat.
That's the best revenge of all; happiness.
Nothing doctorves people crazier then seeing someone have a good fucking life
I thought yesterday was Thursday....why is it Wednesday?
Looks like I've got some NGS2012 catching up to do, thanks to 3 hour power outage this morning.
Gonna' have to get ESM's am session on cd.
Looking forward to vending this year!
I'll see you there!
With Michael, Sophia, Mikey, and Andoctorw.:
you're actually the person I want to throttle the least on here
Why is studying a thing
love the new pic!
oh fab!!
I should be getting a US number tomorrow so I will call u asap miss dag!!
Birds are singing for the sunrise
directionerslovetickethangout me and are in love with you're music.
It's amazing.
I believe it, Social Media is very influential
Any Adobe Illustrator geniuses out there?
Need help with a blend issue.
the voting was rigged obvi
MUSICNEWS New breed of boy bands takes over airwaves
Karine Megerdoomian, MITRE, on analyzing social media at Academedia.
Examples from TweetFeel  More obscene Tweets on screen
: The first duty of love is to listen.
well played sir!
We will be there April 8th at GZ and if we get on a certain tour we will be back late April!
Filled out a form today.
They asked me my race.
I wrote human in the empty space.
Was told it was an unacceptable answer...really?!!
Thanks for word of SSPX in the news.
This is indie Catholic too, tho like many, they would reject the label.
guess you go mad hard when that show be on
U on them Molly's RT : Gots niggas feelin like they they self again and shit, feelin wild groovy right now
Listening to Michael Kay's rant about Baseball Etiquite, when he compares it to slavery and the Holocost.
Makes me laugh.
I'll kiss your mom!
D Eh...eh...?
Am I right?
nudge nudge
Some things are better left unsaid...:/
Amos Lee tore my heart out a little bit.
It's Senior Week!!
Who's ready for the boat cruise tonight?
: I could never work at Chickfila.
I'm too much of a bitch.
But kudos to those nice people.
lifeofaprincess
Follow a WVU fan and Weirton guy back!
that performance was amazing.
I loved it!!!!
is this fetish day on twitter?
Finish your day of walking the comiccon Exhibitor Floor with doctororriblesd LIVE on Stage!
Discount Code  ComicCon gets you 10 off
I really enjoyed my weekend!!
I needed that..
smoke from the fire or smoke from the bong?
Every girl has her special that makes her extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink
In life you have choices to make well mine is to tell the facts .Not going to sugarcoat anything I have uncensored airwaves on my website .
what?
I doubt youre getting fatter!
dont say that about yourself!
from the pictures I have seen youre pretty skinny to me!
3
Love your site.
Very cool idea for creatives.
Boy Scout council votes to sell Marble Rock camp  Mason City Globe Gazette
Abe Lincoln: America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
Your guess that celeb game was awesome!!!: Please do another soon and keep up the great work!!
I'm fenna go to sleep.
I'm irritated  i got a headache....
Happy holidays!
What was the best local gift that you recieved this year?
I beez in the trap, bee beez in the trap.
I look for people in their seats and/or in the concourses.
: Just watched 's segment on Fox 6 news.
Well done.
well you do KnowsBest
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know
WOW!
What a day!
Up and back from Philly.
GOD is good.
Excited about the move!
: aboyfriendshouldalways take his girlfriend's side.
doesntmatterifimwrong crazygfproblem i relate too well to these 
that's a tough one......probably Roxy.
But I've always been into Skyy Black
Wet t shirt contest need we say more ?
i can't even handle this...
DM me your email addoctorss
Today's 1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Dennis Sperl.
Congratulations Dennis!
Tomorrow you could be our winner.
Tune in to win!
So Im thinking of cutting my hair short!?!
:/ I love my long hair but its so damaged!!
great piece on jlin.
Best I've read recently.
Today I finished a 32 page document that if I could send it back to myself in 2003, my life may have been completely different.
no, the African American museum up the street.
They were expected back at noon so I'm thinking anytime now but I'm not sure.
For you, I'm willing to tattoo your name on my butt.
Thanks if you know anyone interested I need 1 more person to get the class to run!
Looking forward to it!
Thanks for the heads up.
If you need a graphic designer, check out our website.
www.stardesignsa.com :
I've only been back 3 yrs.
It's cooler than I remember, but I'm much closer to the delta now.
Once I reactivate Facebook, I think I'm gonna deactivate texting on my phone.
Just to see what it's like.
I hope not!!!
are u still sick???
how'd it go today??
oh thanks!
North winds blow!
Thunder  lightning!!
More coffee.
The night shift just got for reals.
vs.
vs.
Brock Lesnar for the title.
Happy bday.
Shady
hahaha yeah like 10 seconds ago!
Listening in awe to style maven at
what's even more annoying is Congress' refusal to heed his advice!
I love say somethin 3 and you?
it was amazing!
Also thank you for following me my friend!
I wanna pucnh someone stares at you Which parts ?
Maybe they'll work.
megaphones are weird
RedSox are about to get swept by the Orioles.
The bigger concern, though, is Clay Buchholz.
Just awful stuff on the mound.

You must either conquer and rule or serve and lose, suffer or triumph, be the anvil or the hammer.
Cat Game 3: Take up the most room on bed.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked :  are you mad?
haha me too!
Bonus to severely delayed flight: vouchers for free roundtrip to hush the angry masses of passengers.
Yaaaaaaaaay!
My baby is home!!!
agreed, but I don't sit alone in black and white rooms.
No You Looked Beautiful A'F I Looked a Mess I Didnt Want you to See me .
thanks for the referral Dave!
how often did we listen at that age.
With to accept Governor's Service Award on behalf and our OpOliver volunteers //
I'm really excited to work the super bowl!
This weekend and next weekend is gonna be busy!
you should enjoy AS now  I don't think they are much more than a onetrick pony.
Calling it now  next album will be lame.
wait wait wait...your badge says golf professorssional????
it comes down to how you define basketball.
It's official, the Vanilla Gorilla is back in
Oh yeah.
Ribs.
Finally got my bumper!!!!
I'm thinking if tshirt was prebundled w/ your badge, you don't have say out loud what size you need.faster no waste
Maternity leave is almost over.
Back to work on Oct.
10th.
Looking forward to getting back to the grind.
Traffic lights at Hydoctorulic and Seminole Trail are not working.
County Police say traffic delayed, lights will be back in two hours
wow, pretty amazing view, right into the center of ground zero
Happy Mothers' Day to all the moms out there.
took it out for a spin in Pioneer Square with as my subject.
Got some photos  video...shutter is practically silent.
Just made a twitter!
Follow me and I'll follow you back!
thanks for the FF!
resistance band!
Good thinking, will try, thanks.
/cc
Maybe in Titanic3D they will see the fucking iceberg this time
you'll just have to wait and see
thinking of you today!
Congrats on your promotion!!!
This is a 81' Honda!
How dare you!!
thx for the follow...loved your blog!
Keep in touch and all the best!
:
Warrior Walk in 3 and half hours.
Can't wait.
Go Aztecs!
If you a real nigga you'll say it to my face
Sunday afternoon classification homework with my husband.
It's libraryschool love
Happy MLK day...
doctor Ben Carson is giving the keynote today at our school!!!
I'm so excited..
he's a huge idol of mine
and the kiddos made me breakfast in bed.....how sweet
where all the brothers and sisters come to get together.
Sign ups for fed hill and hampden end on 7/7
Dillard warming in Brewers bullpen
Working on art...2 papers due on Monday...N my collages debut Saturday night at the Community Artists Collective in Houston, Texas!
Hustle.
welcome to NYC!
Hope to see u on Sunday!
It's my 1st time going to IMATS!
Yay!!!!!!!
auditioning, working hard on the business front.
What's poppin on your end?
Any new shoots?
On the school tour 3 shows tomorrow
Nice, I knew you would like it!!
Thanks!
Topic is Large Card Sort Analysis Made Easy.
This is my 1st yr attending UPAIntl conference.
Are you attending
I'm so tired of logging into the ALA website and getting the Object Not Found error...
Lady Gaga has become so big that they let her mom Madonna play?
That's nice.
I want to see you.
about the same!: haha and omg I know I'd cry when I see him and idk tbh what I would do haha xx
Various portions of River Rd will be closed throughout the week for sewer repair.
Please allow additional time on your way to the museum.
is offering 20.
OFF a 1 hour Reading with Rick, Dec.29th Jan.5th!!!
www.AskaMedium.com
Don't worry baby, I'm holding you down.
my eyes comment was probably the best thing I have ever said
apparently they don't want us to get too big for our britches.
I see where you're coming from.
hahaha well I have a final at 1....and no more meals on my card :
Thank you for spreading the word about moving your money out of the Too big to fail Banks!
Tomorrow I will be out collecting nomination signatures in the 18thAssemblyDistrict again.
Looking forward to meeting with more people!
REMEMBER!
Last weekend to check out Reflections on Guatemala by Emily Janowiak and Jeff Litsey!
I will but,we needa negotiate somethings first
as in DAMN that's a long period of time or DAMN you two are TERRIBLE for each other ?
Trying to decide a level of technology in a new upcoming series.
Track flow
why thank you!
The article is good.
I think it is important to remind groups that parking lot washes are not good for the environment.
without a doubt
it's a secret!
Duh lol
Hard to get on anything when all clubs own by people who aren't in the culture.
A city that known for bio Chem not entertainment.
Keep Me On My Toes..
yeah I was weirded out too.
no time for play when there's work to be done .
Coach im pretty sure when hopscotch it goes from Tennessee, Alabama, Texas, and California :
Proud to see our President taking a stand in support of marriage equality  the right of all Americans to marry the person they love.
Because I give you glory, because of who you are I give you praise..lord I worship you because you are  That song Rocks!
gymflo complete
It's amazing how much some coaches who are 2 seeds in this tourney are allowed to cuss at officials with no T's being given
our first piece of fan art!!
We love it!!
Passover is different from all other nights, because on Passover, everyone can feel Jewish.
I downloaded doctoram Chasers 2, I must say u a beast!
U killin em on that joint
im glad have a safe weekend
that was my tipoff, too
Come to www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason and regular season hockey games live online enjoy!!!
Can't wait to go rock climbing again using our new expert skills with 
Late peeps...
that's a good song
my background is killing :
Not sure what's worse: the 3 months of street construction outside or the neighbor's marathon practicing of Christmas carols on saxophone.
Momma I'm a millionaire, but Saks Fifth Ave don't sell affection...
GCB is a pretty good show :
I don't know about you, but I'm really sick of hearing about Dick Cheney again.
How is it no one's managed to put a stake through his heart?
It's Samuel From FB RT Back Please
104.
I'll hold on to it for you and delete the post.
Let me know mañana.
This is going to sound incredibly trite, but sounds like you need a break.
Do something different for today  recharge your batteries
Thursday will be Ladies Night; 1 Margaritas until 11P.M.doctornk Specials every 30 minutes ; Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !!
just sent you over and email!
Hope to work together soon!
Excited to hear that for the first time since 2000, the original members if Strangefolk reunited in Brooklyn last nte.
Huge fan from '97'00
I've gotten so used to wearing Lululemons that jeans feel uncomfortable.
what?
No benbecula option today!
In spring !
Have a safe trip :
Hey New York Events!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm too damn sensitive.
Made a ten cent donation to George Zimmerman's defense fund.
Watching Karate Kid 3  Forgot how tough mister Miagi was.
He's kicking some major butt...
Sexy boys work and ride for
Tlking is a waste of time....
he's equal opportunity!
In other news chris moyles snogged sinitta  Omero doctornkenly left the hamster cage open  one of them is loose in the flat
CASTLE STALKER
Monday Night's forecast: Bitter with a chance of legacy destruction.
don't know if I ever told you this but I love you:
LMFAO that was great so called finchel
It's rare bc tstorms require the rapid, upward movement of warm/moist air and those conditions occur rarely when snow is actually possible
Shattered windshields along the Skyway.
doctorvers thought they were being shot at!!
We're live with what really happened
absolutely!
Feel free to shoot an email to and the right person will get back with you.
no I can't!
Omg ugh our love lives are blah.
My parents are watching twililight in spanish ...all into it ?
Y'know that old saying it's better to be pissed off then pissed on?
It's probably not a good thing if you're both.
Just ask BG.
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Senior Analyst in NJ who will focus of on Health Care Operations!
Note to Kelly clarkson..
's new song Starships 
Concept mapping as a language learning activity!
Denise is preparing us to work with a poem as the primary text.
great advice!
and don't forget your vitamin D afterwards!
Get your Tan!!
Just sang the Reading Rainbow Song w/
Under the Toucan Sam
Going out on the lake tommorrow gonna be fun
I Love How Takes The Time And Wishes His ICONiacz A Happy Birthday.3 LoveYou3
Stats to live by!
RT We have picked up 9 minutes of daylight since Friday and a hour and 13 min since December 21st.
I'm kind of pissed off now..
It hurts when they compare me to others, like I try my best, be thankful.
Whatever, Night guys.
3
Happy Birthday I hope you have fun with friends and family you where great in chicago dance class with Bianca follow back?
the zoo!
Nothing like it!
Right, but diff may be exaggerated somewhat by UK data on schools vs.
US data on students.
Friday.
Thank you for finally arriving.
Long long week.
Have a great day..
An extra car in booth 1083 is for amateurs to try their hand at applying graphics.
Where else can you be exhorted to grab a squeegee?
Tweeted in class YOLO lol LOVE YOU ALEX33
GreysAnatomy is the only show I watch.
It would mean the world to me to go to this event!
Doesn't that retweet just about sum up the reason for doublestandards, and general quietness?
Who is your favorite Prince?
I can't decide between Prince, Tayshaun Prince, and the Fresh Prince of Bel Air.
Overturned gravel truck NW of Battleground on NE 269th St W.
of Daybreak Rd...269th is BLOCKED.
O'Brien graduates early, and benched.
Uthoff decides 2 redshirt, mad about 2013 class being better, wants out of scholarship!
thanks friend
So scratch the Mickey Mouse update I will be Minnie Mouse...
The client changed their mind.
If you host a lunch activity I'll work out of just around the corner and make a day of it!
You're famous Everyone keeps saying they watched you on the news this morning!
about the message?
Adam.
Nice to get to know the contact for md live.
Look forward to updates.
Image making is my business.
John Coyle
Mixing song 3.
The last song was a quintet plus vocals.
Took 2.5 hrs!
Now, we r mixing a duo voice and guitar.
This one should go faster.
Two guys today bred me today.
So much cum.
NADI Cinema is screening Under the Bombs dir.
Philippe Arctingi TONIGHT at 7pm in the Union Theater.
Anyone need used values for Audio, Video, Musical Instruments, Guns, Cameras, and ComputersGo to www.usedprice.com
Hopefully I picked the right numbers MegaMillions it's just too high to ignore
Like we don't really play though!
2live
Thank you so much for your inspiring newsletter.
Yesterday was especially wonderful.
'How Trina Got In' is very funny episode,i hope that the next one will be awesome like this 1!
Listeners...does anyone relate to ?
I don't know how many Quotes I read on Twitter in a day 0
Hannah Montana.
lol ikr they are everywhere here in florida XD
dinner time..
oh yeah yeah I think he does!
Haha I knew that!
Lol xD
aww.
: I was gonna go do my project in my friend's house this Sunday!
Well, I guess I'm gonna miss the live chat.
:
Take with you.
humanshield RT : I'll tweet you guys tonight if I'm still alive.
MT : Proud of my friend for speaking at State Bar of TX Annual Meeting on law firm marketing
Yeah I'm suppose to be on next week!
I'm so excited to show off my lil boo!
You should have won and BTW you have the most beautiful smile
A hard working man and do anything when they put there mind to it, off to work
Carlos O.
Gomez, : When I go to college, that's good for me, and for my whole community.
Good game!
good luck later!
Lots of peeps here w/ moms.
Even sheeps here w/ moms.
: RT : Made it to with mom!
Safe travels!
See you soon NAIAS Detroit RT : , here I come!
I for one can't wait till Romney adds all the RobotVampirefromtheFuture facts to the WH presidential bios.
I'm following both leadershipchat and pr20chat right now.
Small world!
What are you working on?
goodnight baby i love you see you tomorrow:
idontunderstandandwhy i dont like nickiminaj as much as other kids i dont like rap period it sucks to me but thats my
Had a fun time with and : ThankYouSaintPatty!
One blessing may become a misfortune, and one misfortune may become a blessing.
It's how you use the event to grow as a soul that counts.
When i stopped reading blogs I also stopped writing them.
I need to stop living on a ship
I just earned the Rookie badge on Yelp!
Guys texting BM audio.
It's the Featured Bit Shats R Us at www.freekshowradio.com
who wouldn't?
I can't wait to come back home next month!
hi emily.
Dosey me has ONLY Just Noticed you Did manage to get a birthday tweet off Diana.
Congratulations.
Remenber jumping
Compassionas we forgive our debtors
You sly dog.
How could I say Bad Idea to that?
needs more 21 year olds!
We'd love her as a member of !
Hunter Hayes wanted 
Best Twitter bio ever!
RT Just noticed that Judy Blume's about me on Twitter is Are you there Twitter?
It's me, Judy.
RT : RT : I'm good, thanx, hope alls well..miss u more.
Catch up when I'm back to LA :
thanks you're the best!
Guys who say 'no homo' to qualify the statement that follows have issues.
smh well I think its him so I'm sticking to my story!
ha!
Thanks for watching TMJ4!
:
oops...at least get a FP for Space!!
Home at last.
Just finished my daily water intake.
Now for hockey, dinner and .
.
.
Z.
I think I will add karaoke music production to my list of postpostdoc career options.
Finally lunch time

Leo's warmth radiates from their heart, and they live the life of an eternal romantic.
If you're not falling, you're not learning.
;
got the full beard going.
Slowly but surely lol
Am I an angel, or am I demon, but shit I don't know me, so I can't judge me.
RT Do you exercise each week and if so what do you do to stay fit?
Hola Ya'all!
2 nite  Vallejo Music Group Ladies Night...91.
Hope to C U...We play  10:15  it's Matt Muehling's B Day!
I was think more along the lines of DETOUR.
Your relentless focus on the outcomes that you're helping others to produce for themselves is the model for every org!
I am getting zero help from customer svc.
Do you guys treat customers better?
I'm absolutely astonished by how many women walk around vegas with their shoes in hand  dirty ass feet.
So sloppy.
you know when you're at home with the one you love, and you think i got to get on your health insurance
Anything possible : Brainwashing 101.
I'm surprised they don't have their kid cut himself just to associate the pain with Obama
I know!
I listened to it a lot when I loss my daddy :
HKC WINS their one NFL Sunday Selection 3 Carolina Panthers with EASE !!!!
BPOSport.com
PMP Certification From PMI is an in demand certification for Project Managers.
New Mexico Hiring Managers love PMP's
Jim Cason of the Friends Committee on National Legislation came to our office to doctorp off 4 posters w/ names of 8000 Quakers who support us!
shameless on showtime!
Such a great crew in the studio today!
Making filming music videos CAN be fun.
yeah no
They're doing this instead of having the time for Man or Muppet?
: I'm about to go to my car .
....
Get my gun ....
Shoot everybody's ass 1st Epi.
of Pablo Goes Postal is in the works I see
why are you laying on the floor in your picture?
help alex get rockmysocksoff trending 3
Action can be accomplished w/in program time.
Participants to implement.
I was just told i look like the girl version of jesus...thank you?...
Oh hey bb
A tired and groggy morning.
Amazing how the weather matches my mood.
It was a red morning.
Good thing I am not a sailer.
FRIDAY.
Thanks!
BaylorBear Wow.
Impressive.
yeah i was reading while listening to here comes the sun and i started bawling
you about to start some shit today with that one!
Today we are meeting with Tom  Pam Koppel at their new local business Getting the grand tour.
Very impressive!!
Dear Politicians, You are not going to get my vote with your smear campaign.
Tell me what is good about you, ignore the opponent.
The green stuff on the occasional freak potato chip is chlorophyll.
Well, if it's for the Admiral...
MT RT : We need 2000 volunteers to follow
Reminder to all of our awesome clients: our offices will be closed the next two Mondays, 12/26 and 1/2.
Happy holidays!
way to go buffalo
Hey can we have the old layout back.
THIS NEW ONE SUCKS!!!!
Every morning when I ride my bike to work, I see so many things I would like to paint.
I see the beauty in everything.
Taylor likely wants 4 yrs., 8 million fully guaranteed.
All picks ahead of him are fully guaranteed K's.
Two slots after him only 60.
Nah I'm not.
Never have been, never will be.
: But my buddy is and that's his band so I'ma support his juggalo ass!
:D
I don't remember the last time I had this much ink in my hair.
Baby you're a firework!
Please follow me, and I'll just about die3
Haha good choice :P Hmm..What's ur fav color?
A SportingKC goal is near.
girllookatthatbody i work out :D
I blame coaching for that..
weve seen this enough before.
Hejinianonlunchbreakwriting poetry on napkins
About to go all 1950's housewife.
Too bad I don't have a doctorss from
Love how told 's ass off on RHOAReunion !
why is there an escort on the show?
So disappointing....
Snow, snow, go away come again...never.
Some of these roller coasters are getting my ass
yeah, of course,'Ghost' was good w/ Swayze but 'Ghost Town' rocked w/Gervais!!
Same.
I love Latour.
I've used him in my research and writing, and he's always brilliant.
He read an iconic sentence: Billy Pilgrim has come unstuck in time.
Realized, lack of coherence in my ideas was to be explored.
Dunks got new straws!
fridayreads I'm reading THE PARIS WIFE by Paula McLain.
Love!
Waiting for my plane to ATL!!
Tonight's special: Sonic the Hedgedog!
Topped w/ blue cheese, blue vegenaise, cucumber, tomato, jalapeños, olives,  pepper.
both of you...Vegas trip.
Stat!
Thanks for visiting us : 
Oh and, killed it last night.
Hey, put on some beats I can frat to.
same thing is happenin to me!!:
I just want it all to be over ..
WHERE IS IT!
I take doctorgs strictly for the side effects.
Redness, stroke and possible death?
To cure toe fungus?
Yes please!
at leastt i can tweet when the power goes out scared
Einstein said if he had 1 hr to save the world he would spend 55 min defining the problem  5 min finding the solution credit wikiHow feed
hi we just saw u at renzo's  my little girl loved it
Where is the punishment for Edison Volquez if he serves a 50game suspension while on the disabled list?
Jim Solomon of The Fireplace restaurant is here at LIGFest  stop by for lunch or dinner!
damn!
that sucks /:
I heard a nasty rumor that tue finale was actually decent
I love Mike Milbury!
Never afraid to speak his mind.
Ladies say i'm your girl, your my man You got it bad Usher
Funny how people only talk to you when they want something
What a weekend...but i wont curse my past so im ready for the shift...
Tonight gonna get wasted!!!
As much as i like to party, the hangover kills me!!
Don C.
knows TP.
Ruth W.
makes a good point.
Rob's son is wellbehaved.
No better feeling than having a probate settlement come out to the penny on the first go around.
Taking dog to get his shots
Vic Fuentes why are you so damn sexy?
;
RT : LOVED last night.
Looking forward to brunch there real soon.
Please follow a great all digital Golfing/ Luxury lifestyle magazine!
LOL.
I'm all for it!
Gay couples should have the same problems, and headaches as str8 couples.
LOL
Leaving Chester short of my goal of qualifying for WSOPC Championship.
doctorving home, reevaluating and making a trip to Nola
aite then its a bet
doctorAMS ARE JUSS EMPTY THOUGHT UNTIL THEY ARE FULFILLED
I love how the Bruins won it all
I hate putting the effort into getting ready for school.
Considering I'm just going to sleep in History and then in homeroom.
I can't wait!
Save money on data costs by accessing the web using your Andoctorid or iPhone or Blackberry, check out our review
Good show tonight on LastWord re TheNewt.
What a freaking villain.
Good 4 u sir 4 calling this evil maniacal corp lapdog out.
They are giving me a 4S!!
Can you say upgrade??
Mom:Where are you taking Jameo?
Me:To school with me, its showtell day!
my mom just starts laughing lol why cant college be like preschool?
fuck is you hatin for like you done some'n for a nigga
You shower naked?
What a bad ass...
Sorry to have fallen out of touch with everyone recently.
Been a busy few days at work.
Lots of Paterno coverage.
We love they have a music video out!
It's so awesome!
Tomorrow's show is going to a good one!
You definitely don't want to miss it w/ PrettyProgressive on
just wish I could be in the bubbly celebrating with em
ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't make me laugh.
Sense of humor is one of the most important qualities.
I am relaxing at a cuban restaurant in florida.
Wish I was home instead.
I need to go back to New York for the summer
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Buddha
We had a little proplem for released GYHAB Music video!
So..it's normally in 2nd April , i'm sorry fans 3
Jc can you please follow me
Congrats basketball on D3 national championship!
Whew!
We had such a great time yesterday with WorldArthritisDay!
Thank you, , thank you everyone that participated!
We 3 u!
Was I one of them?
MT : Just used to unfollow 337 who weren't following me back.
TAS11 language is important to millenials
know how you feel.
This little white girl is terrified of every black person that walks past..and won't even sit nxt to me...Smh parenting today
Stupid fucking site bro
Ima keep my heart frozen till someone breaks the ice.
Random Thought: Never let your heart take you so far that common sense can't get you out...
Aol radio provides the dubstep I need to make it through the day!!!
I'm gunna write babe a cute letter  later tho , in a few when hes fully asleep
Loving this bus ride!
Dont let burdens awake you..
Wake up renewed..
A tweet was immediately followed by a tweet about loving Huey Lewis on my timeline.
Patrick Bateman approves.
Watching a movie
awww everything ok??
ill be around for coffee and chats whenever you like from next week  3
It sucks that you went today, only to leave heartbroken.
Watchin Saturday Night Fever!
:
well get and all of our twitterless friends to come to!
RT : Glamorous accessories and a vibrant colour scheme have transformed this bathroom.
Take a look for yourself...
Are you going to be the main villan in the next Austin Powers movie since that how the 3 one ended .
Next Challange..
Speech towards 200 kids about success starting when you doctoram....
Let's go!
Our new mural is coming along very nicely!
Stop down  check it out!
lol not everything!!
But I just got a little aggravated and I can't go to bed , I have to wait till my parents get home
Larger than Life
But it wasn't necessarily the punk part that he was linking to.
It was the technology.
Bubba Watson wins the greatest golf tournament in the history of the world.
fyi...
RT : The office formally known as the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs is now the Office of Academic Services
First day of work was good.
Just gotta get use to starting over.
I have to be on set and ready to go at 830am so I should probably go to bed.
OMG i love 's shirt tonight!!
Some people can tell what time it is by looking at the sun.
But I have never been able to make out the numbers.
I mean even if UK wins it all they'll just get it vacated, along with their season, when Calapari jolts to the Knicks...
Are you interested in follow4follow?
i will follow back.
Try the promotion site on my professorle, it's free.
Some hashtag about why can't I be black or whatnot.
Appreciate yo'self!
My back and 's back has been hurting from carrying our team on Halo all day.
uprooting the lies  uprooting the people who make it oh so easy to believe them, whether they mean to or not.
The chocolate helps confirm the existence of 'The Illuminati'.
What's good Tweeps!
I got hooked into Magic: The Gathering.
Who else plays?
Trying to come up with a band name.
I suck at this.
Someone give me ideas.
Lady stop pinning and go to bed!
You have a big day tomorrow!
I've watched a lot of Titanic lately, haha
Grabbing something quick to eat than joining the annual Sunday migration to the outdoor bar
Any1 find a diet book in ur orange bag at the aall11 West Partybought it  bags got mixed upnext I need to find my pants from last night
and then again, from dawn 'til dusk.
Bout Time
Annex level...near Baba's.
I like work: it fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours.
Jerome K Jerome
Life without the is already getting me down
ReasonsToLoveTexas  Janie's Record Shop in San Antonio.
Great selection!
If the recording still exists, she can help you find it.
Beautiful spring day.
Sunny skies, low humidities, and highs close to 70.
Chilly tonight though.
why a guy would want to smell Panties women set off a chemical reaction in us turns us into creeps
It could, but that would be silly.
Their time has to be worth more than I paid for the room.
It is not possible to fight beyond your strength, even if you strive.
let this pose a challenge to our news media which is in crisis KONY2012 SOFAS panel
Will work on having the link removed today.
Sorry.
Thanks for the RT!
Are you into Emotobooks?
Your music has been on repeat for weeks!
Cant get enough.
Would love to see you back in Orlando!
not at all.
it's technically thursday..
with no school tomorrow.
DUH
Do you have your spot to bring in the newyear ?
.
Of course.
I do not support the context that put them into the position of making that choice.
Andoctorw Bynum with a triple double, with 10 blocks.
Absurd.
If his attitude was better, he would be admirable.
Thx!!
your book gave me a sense of hope...i know i keep repeating myself, but your book changed my outlook on MS research..
French onion dip is B.O.'s scapegoat.
best quote ever: If your going to be riding my ass atleast pull my hair.
hahahahahahaha!
from anonymous
Tyler Chuckles Ballinger, Comicon is going on before The Screaming O Club Show at THEE DOLLHOUSE!, can you run naked through there again???
/i am now unfollowing you skip
Well, here we are.
We've connected online  how about in person?
I live in Scotts Valley, and would enjoy linking up soon.
Not sure.
No reason to believe there are more OR fewer than 4.
BUT 16.3 of Americans Latino/a vs.
estimated 11.7 LGBT.
Jonathan, I'm a little worried about your ode to donkeys....
Exhausting day but lots of exciting edu innovation happening plus got to hit up
Haha I'm cleaning out my balcony and there are ashes everywhere.
sounds like a plan!
Can't wait to PUMP the brakes lol
Congratulations to and on their new life with a precious child!
Why are trying so hard to fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Not sure if I should be offended or complimented that someone thought a thank you card I sent them was handmade when it wasn't.
: Who's team is it?
Durant or Westbrook?
I mean c'mon son.
Brooks is a fantastic player, but this is KD's team.
me, too, but better to know!
Now it is a treat rather than a staple.
I would love WR, but then who is going to stop the Pats TE's?
Run block?
Pass Block?
You trust Hairston?
Detained by border patrol...
Smh
well keep laughing n smiling!!:
I see, I doubt well get that chance though.
Worried about your upcoming job interview?
Come practice with us March 15!
Contact for more info.
I wanna slap the fuck out of this dumb white cunt.
Nose...
its 2am...
please stop running.
Think I have bin scarred for life
when you're in San Francisco, I'm going to take your picture.
Pft.
Don't you know it's the inside that counts?!
most likely a TShirt Bordello TShirt!!
:
LAX late night...
Idk y but doctorves me crazy
I just really want to meet 1D this year.
That's all I want...
Good luck JJ!
Brad Ross likes to doctorp the gloves.
But not with just anyone.
More on at 11.
This can't be real
are you and Greg still friends?
thanks so so much!!!!!!33333333333
we're a beer group for women.
:
RT : Pray to whatever faith you believe in for 's family right now.
He's a strong man from a strong upbringing.
Thanks for the props!
Likewise!
Have to do it again soon ; RT : So much fun hanging out with and the gals!!!!!
Tonight's rainout means a guaranteed shot at seeing Derek get 3000 tomorrow.
One way or another it's gonna be an exciting game.
: WhileInARelationship with me if you cheat you die
Got to see Discovery and meet an astronaut!

Libra loves a little romance.
You can never go wrong with flowers.
you should see some reactions when people's article ms.
gets rejected...
One is one's own protector; one is one's own refuge.
Oh No I Just washed My Sweater With Other Shirts  Its All Ruoned :' I Love That Sweater  Its Only 1 Week New :'
I'm reading Frank:The Voice by James Kaplan.
Thoroughly engaging story and brilliant writing about Sinatra.
Also get Gil Scott Heron's last.
looks awesome
Very nice gesture: Mayor Ballard and City of Indy planted a tree in Dan Rather's honor at Garfield Park.
Sounds like I have allergies, then, but I don't know what's causing it.
Hm.
So itchy and sneezey.
Laying in the nurse listening to TSwift 
Looking forward to the Gay  Lesbian Gallery Tour hosted by this Saturday.
Who else is coming?
beat me to it but happy day of birth SKYHAWKNATION is happy to have ya!
Best of luck and please do.
3 outs to Brewer win....Lets go
Nigga must be stupid .
: Speaking of bad ass country singers have ya picked up my boy 's new single How Country Feels yet?
right???
Hilarious.
; RT : Just told that I'm seeing HORRIBLE BOSSES tonight.
Awkward.
oops just noticed I messed up the phone.
If you don't know the are code 210 then youd be confused.
TryOuts 2105586558.
awww that's cute!!
Given any thought to having a booth  or sponsoring the craft pavilion at ?!
Our NinjainChief will be thereDo it!
What is the class?
utwitterlikeonfacebookxD3
I want to put a ding in the universe.
Steve Jobs
At the hearing last monday bout equity the topic started with equity then ended with doctorams?
did you get a chance to check out the website?
www.stardesignsa.com
The communion of saints is not just a network of connections between people.
It is first  foremost the community of our hearts.
Nouwen
If a Democrat says 2  2  4 and a Republican says 2  2  5, an unbiased media must report there's disagreement on the sum of 2  2.
Reminder, free coworking with cool kids in Mount Vernon, tomorrow Friday, midday!
I wanna follow N'Sync 
Packers will be visiting President Obama on August 12th.
It's about time they get that honor.
Better late than never.
Guessing based on that list It looks like is number 2 tonight singing Jasmine Sullivan.
Lets see if I'm right.
To everyone saying I should be happy for Austin: I am.
I just miss Summer.
K.
Bye.
Hi Emma.
Yes, I can give you an idea or two.
dm please.
What district will you be staying in?
What kind of food do you like?
Please stop hiring CandyDulfer to play sax...so bad...
and she looked at me in all seriousness  said, 'It's make believe Justin.
: LOL
Go follow
So sleepy.
: Who pissed in Eric Cantor's cornflakes?
SOTU how tempting to respond....
Great goal by Sapong, Rookie of the Year
Our comments system been updated and enabled across all Current sites!
Log in and join the conversation!
I hate Comcast aka Xfinity...
They are the devil...
Ugh
Ur sexy and I know it;
Keep it simple.
Basically waht you have but with the ability to click on a location and bring up an image of the mural.
I'm prepping local lamb for tomorrow mornings Fox 31 tv spot.
Talking CO food and CO wine for DLW!
Check it out at 8:45am tomorrow
.
Well done, citing empirical research to correct misconceptions.
And there were many.
Today we will be  Grossmont College from 10 to 2 for the college's 50th anniversary along with 9 other San Diego Food Trucks
is going to pamper and for the TXScotRiteAccessLux event.
Might have to crash that party!
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals.
Brian Tracy
Metta World....leave out the Peace!!
You're still the same DIRTY PLAYER!!!!
no, YOU mean the world to US 3
Come a little closer baby, I feel like laying you down.
3
we're all famous on Twitter :
Legitimate fouls on Collison but huge foul out.
I absolutely love my boyfriend:
LMAO Ja Rule fell off!RT : I found a mix from 7th grade the other day and it had some ja rule, Brian mcknight, and old camistern...
maybe its because im home alone bored.
please make your website Pinterestfriendly.
I want to pin you to my board They've Got Swagger.
We have jobs for you in the Pittsburgh area!!
Call today 4126456021 or find us on the web at www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
just realized this weekend was the last competition before nationals :o
isn't that what weekend are for?
A student here passed away on a jet ski accident and he was so young :
Rise and
oh hell yes :D
amazing I have the tiltshift app  luv it.
but how did you get a water mark on the image?
: ...
change your password and get that hacker out of your account!
tell me how I can get a free iPad first
thanks g!
This is good times for sure
Welcome, Synergy 2012 attendees!
We hope you enjoy your time in our beautiful city.
At this point in the evening, I'd like my TV to do my thinking for me.
So, apparently, you can prostitute on Craigslist under the Personals section.
Why am I just learning this?
message on fb before my mom gets home
Can there be a problem with your script not seeing such META tags as description and keywords?
And DOCTYPE?...
Contact sandiego sales team at laurastomber dot com
Given their record, safe to say Memphis coaches didn't know what the hell period.
i'm not, mainly because of the time issue.
though i often feel i should join for the prices and philosophy of the whole thing
Thankful that challenged me to get off the couch and run  the Y.
Well  first I wasn't thankful or kind  kinda grouchy ;
Back in the RocCity after a successful weekend in NOLA for the collegiate conference.
Thanks!
I tried the mud bath for the first time  loved it.
:
Dude VIM is the best code editor EVER, period, exclamation, period.
probably just a simple cartilage piercing and I'll get the tragus a little later.
Is a new piano always better than a used piano?
Share us your thoughts.
nothing witty?
Are u sick ?
Have you eaten lately ?
your hashtag this week is
i can't wait until school is over with....
My husband over here so serious about these Bears!
Go Fucking Bears!
On the music tip check out Smooth sounds of RB
You are the ONLY people I'm inviting, actually.
www.facebook.com/SugarfamilyStandsUp4Sugarland Any and All fans check out this site.
Well I knew I couldn't beat Brady.
But I gave it my all!
We're still gonna finish 106.
See ya in the playoffs Brady!
What's the opposite of a PR?
Cause that's what I just did at today's 1/2.
But all this birthday love is making me feel like a winner!
God Damn You're Beautiful  Chester See
Will this damn pizza hurry up for the fight!
LOL Good to know!
I really like the name Natalie and I've wondered how you'd react to an MC with that name!
won't do it
How is it that I am ready for bed earlier on a friday than weekday nights??
Oh that's right exhaustion plus alcohol.
Goodnight folks!!
;
Linda McMahon is the only one that has one 
50 off at HotchADo, get it while the gettin' is good!
www.crowdclick.com
nothing much honor buns haha about to chill with someone ha  u
Happy 4th everyone!
Been taking a break from the casino to do work Heading to NYC in two days.
Can't wait!
Now following u after seeing this pic in news.
Thank u!
: Praying u'll help restore what Hwood has stolen from women!
Got to do better,life is too short...
Let's go Hawks!!
you know it
It is too damn early to be bumpin' shit at the pool.
Man this music was nonstop all night.
Meeting fantastic educators like is just one of the many benefits of She's the fastest tweeter I ever met.
Happy Easter, everyone!
Good time to remember the Savior and His sacrifice for each of us.
Well thank you!
: Everyone here is!
plzz follow me for my b day
go to settings and then account and then username :D 
It's Saturday morning...I pray everyone has a blessed day!
first of all answer the freaking phone!!
Second, what did you change it to?!
That was pretty embarrassing.
I yelled when I hit him.
D:
And you wonder why i hate your ass, bitch.
Fuck you.
My day just altered doctormatically.
Took an ambien thinking it was a claritin.
G'nite.
lol.
They Come Off That Way, but Taurus Look Past Book Covers.
They Turn You On Like A MF Tho, but They Be So Confused!
you're the sweetest.
Thanks Amanda :
sent over a few!
lucky .
im still int school
is going to wave goodbye to nine inch nails tonight!
I'm always misterpopular right as my ass touches the toilet.
ring ring ring shit!!
ring ring ring SHIT!!
RT : I'm gone be up all night cause I took a nap when it was doing all that raining
U a simple hoe u a u a simple hoe
do u like the music
goal a public library as public platform: fully accessible and repurposeable
Got me thinking...
RT : RT : Yes!!
RT : everyone staying up to help a sick friend
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades.
Audoctory Hepburn
I have my VIP pass NYG Parade!!!!
:
R.I.P.
Macho Man Randy Savage!!!
Couldn't sleep, so I'm at the 330am showing of The Avengers in Times Square, NY.
It's as cools it sounds.
My YouTube is MaggieKoolaide
Starbucks and Periphery  all I need for the 9 hour doctorve home.
justlovemesexysteve?
LMFAO.
i love you, cheyenne.
ha.:
My favorite Beyoncé albums: 4  I Am...Sasha Fierce  B'Day  Dangerously In Love
perfect time of year for a 21st!.....we'll send you a dm and go over options!...
u was creamated before birth wit cho black ass lmao
Pretty upset that lost..
working on my mixtape
So great to see the panelists in this session, since I have been following them for years.
Saving Private Ryan's Daughter
guffawed through the Fart Scene in Blazing Saddles with 9 year old daughter.
She thks I fall prey easily to sophomoric humor.
She's right
Hi Robin I wanted to introduce myself James Levine suggested that I contact you.
Weird, I just had a spammer not the same name, but close follow me like 3 hours ago.
New spam technique?!?
I thought I've tasted heaven until I met fried apples over ice cream, Delicious isn't even the word!
It's hard sometimes knowing that I'm in college working hard for a career that's has no job security what so ever.
Now that I remembered again.
Did the things I sent you still not there?..
Let me know if they aren't..
Turn Your Energy Bill  Home Services Into !
My company is seeking Ind.
Marketing Reps, Work P/T or F/T.
Flex Schedule.
Call 8324298264
I hate when you're with your family
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Sometimes people do things that annoy us, not to annoy us.
I gotchya!
Well I will still visit one day, one day...
ICantStandPeople who think they're some hot shit.
no, actually your wrong.
stinks to lose it, eh?
Oh, well...
Onward!
;
DontWifeThatChickIf she don't work out
THIS JUST IN...The BrassAHolics will be at Wednesday at the Square April 11 with Ivan Nevilles Dumpstaphunk.
Are you ready?!?!
dont know is a school project
I feel like there will be some Wade  Zoe sexin'.
I'll go.
You know I'm a loser though haha
CAN Snack!
Johnson still plays?
Food Truck Extravanza at tonight's ButterflyEffect.
Grub down with
We just won three Sofi Silver Awards for 2011.The Gold voting will be held at the Fancy Food Show this summer!Tks everyone for your support
Ramos is such an ass
that's very akward.
Theatrical is often mistaken for lots of sequins but for me it's a sense of choreography, narrative, acknowledging audience  D Rockwell
Western Conference Title Game 3  3rd period has begun.
Tension is high.
This president just make me break out my West Indian accent at the TV!
Hmph.
He eh slick.
lol.
It's strange to think that what I want is so different to what someone in North Carolina wants!
Why thank you!
I'm just bringing my phone and maybe a notebook.
Laptop might be a bit much.
Funny, we actually have a print of that in our apartment.
It's Brad's eponymous bachelorpad touch.
Hope all is well!!
'Hollywood is hype, New York is talk, Chicago is work.'  Michael Douglas
Thanks to and for having us out last night!
Great times as always :
well, other than Hamilton, it is a 1 run game.
top100femalelies  It's cool, I LOVE sports.
I don't need help w/ my live game.
I just need to stop doctornking all night while playing  throwing a party w/ my chips.
baltimoreredline Rally for transportation funding Maryland statehouse Lawyers Mall on Thurs Jan 19th
New title alert  I'm now officially Manager of Digital Media and Season Pass at I wish me well in all my future endeavors.
My wife and I love rumplestilskin/mistergold on OnceUponATime.
We enjoy your acting immensely.
Kicked ass today thanks!
;
QUICK USE THE doctorGONREND SHOUT
Part of the allure of being a UPS delivery person has to be doctorving down the freeway with your door open.
Columbus obviously calls for sloppy nights for some people
Thanks for the referral, Lolly.
Bret
I don't believe there's anything at the Bradley Center tonight, so parking is no excuse for not coming to
I can't imagine there's just one.
What are the goals?
This time in two months I will be settling into my dorm at Kings College in London!!
Gas  wasted
To honor Macho Man and Christmas things both.
Krieger's experiences have made him the perfect candidate for this mission: to rescue Sebastian and return him to the castle at all costs.
Got the best purple line conductor who jokes the whole ride home
To labor intensive ...caught in the middle ....not disruptive.....
100/month is not small
lol yeah close to it!
laila!!!!
are you coming!
gotta run reservations at le Chateaubriand await!
post soon!
Sick day : wish i could be some where were it doesn't snow in fricken march!
Bad day for Penn State fans planning to vote for Herman Cain.
Yeah, you know how the media works.
Everyone over analyzes things and quickly jumps to conclusions haha.
I hope was reading that!!
lol
thanks for the shoutout!
Come meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, this Tuesday at 7:30PM via Skype!
You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
you better!
:p btw, I'm so jealous that your icon pic is prettier than mine.
G haha!
You're so gorgeous.
God bless.
Never say never lol might tweet u a happy birthday, id love to see your reaction!
:
The Mother of doctorgons has no equal.
lol what make it special
Darius Morris hits big 3 at close of half for Michigan .
NICE!!
good luck with finals bro
Welcome Superps3mods to the team!?
my tweets are normal what are you talking about
Biz teaches us to cleave design from content.
The strategy element is only just starting to reunite them.
Daniel Schulman is Chicago's new Program Director for Visual Art / Dept.
of Cultural Affairs and Special Events.
Gone too far now,lol.
smh
i feel old af
Stania funny , Adams ha
Jesus, thank u so much for everything you did this week two thousand years ago, w/out it, I'd be nothing
like that sucks lol .
Calling yourself an artist is problematic
just watched LoveNeverDies the amazing sequel to PhantomOfTheOpera Nothing tops Phantom but it was pretty close!
and Claire status
Tardiness / nonpromptness / whatever you want to call it is SUCH a pet peeve of mine.
Show up when you say you're going to.
I HATE her!!!
Ugh!
Theyll lose most of the audience!
Happened to Alias!
: RT : Here's link about SR  season:
Merry Christmas to all!
Women in the gym are nothing but a distraction...a distraction I don't mind one bit!
MyPastRelationships are my past, fuck it tho ..
new bitches always better.
Every semester I learn about some of the stories of students graduating from UNM and realize again how many amazing people are here.
RT : If I see anybody hatin on my steeler boys you will get unfollowed block  reported as spam 
Phone conference with Cali Rapper Mick Stillz tonight.
We're bringing the Swag Game to a whole other level.
need a Shorty.....
is at the world famous on Sunday 1/22.
Hilarity ensues at 7:30
i will when i can!
i promise.
it won't let me rn.
whoever she is, she's getting me tons of followers.
lol.
:
the next Bachelorette?
I thought she had a new boyfriend...
seriously!
The door has been broken so they've been leaving it open, apparently someone took advantage
Heyy mister I was just on thought Id say hello!!
How you been?
shiiiid.
Just got off stage.
Lounging.
Wbu?
The Sunhara women farmers are members of SelfHelp Groups, which are organized into village clusters.
: Women who inspire the spirit
So excited!
RT : Q1 How does your organizations culture influence your colleagues beliefs about learning?
Hey Chad!
Nice demo reel you got there!
RT : Just watched The Interrupters documentary  'Every City Needs It's Heroes'  very deep
Dude, the Internet has gotten so weird.
aye!!!!!
Thanks sis
Hats off to Josh Hamilton tonight.
Unbelievable performance.
Really!!!
Chic you are grown and I know this because you are older than I am!!!
This guy invades my bubble
I'm sad because i didn't see or today.
Making some kim chi.
I took a picture, but it looks like spaghetti from a can...
me either!
i thought everyone had been have strokes or something
Or people in Bmore don't give a crap about hockey.
Remember the Bandits?
No?
Exactly.
Amen, feels like it only happens on days when I have to work haha
I've never heard Hemmingway actually speak.
But Sean Connery's voice keeps popping into my head, and things just get silly from there.
Y do i miss him when he's the reason for the majority of my problems.....
UGH!
Looking at the highlights from the game, Markakis should have been able to make it home on the error at 1st.
I thought I figured things out and was back on track...
but then it just fell apart again.
I checked out Learning without borders.
I liked some of the links.
I will definitely use some of the info next year.
Coming back home......
Most users don't care/think about which OS is on their phone.
I need velcro on my hands and the things i hold in my hand so i dont doctorp them, cause thats how my ipod broke and my phone.
if you get the USA one, you can be waldo.
umm, Eastbound  Down Season Premiere tonight 10pm
great GREAT film: in my top 10 of alltime.
i know some bomb people.
i love receiving love like...everyday.
God bless u guys
you in here too?
absolutely, odd as it sounds, I already look forward to running with my future child.
Just sit back, and watch the show
Highway rest stops should be called relief stops.
I never understood why women talk about guys, but in actuality they worse than them...
Your passion should always be greater than your problem...
: Any particular amount?
And do you take credit cards?
I'm comin' for you, : yes and yes
Each day is a day closer to what you want to become and pursue in life.
I contain multitudes.
If multitudes  a couple beers.
what the....
lucky!!!
Ha that's awesome :
Visit our website during the month of October, and get 50 off any stock plan order in celebration of our 50th Anniversary.
Have a tumblr ?
Tweet me your tumblr ;
The only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your doctorams  your willingness to work hard for them  Michelle Obama
Here we go.
Kobe, for the win.
Thunder have a foul to give.

Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Private Events or Weddings!!!
We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
I RTd and want to say thank you for this chance to win!
haha, sorry.
my vacation is about to expire and I'm practicing seriousness again; though, the 2 was the first usable one imo
follow UP NEXT 2 MAKE A BIG INPACK IN HIPHOP
a gaggle of unicorns?
Knock KnockWho's there !Annabel !Annabel who ?Annabel would be useful on this door !
yes!
especially to potato skins!
will be curious to hear what you think.
Thanks for the follow!
I love your work, is that a pastel of your dog?
Happy Mother's Day All Mothers
I forgot how much I LOVE Macy Gray's voice.
: shut the door
A Popcorn
Thanks!
And sadly no, I just couldn't afford it along with everything else that is coming up soon.
Hopefully next year.
Ppl wearing long sleeves slowly convince me that I'm crazy!
Man, I can't make this up.
I'm just reading along and reacting.
ANyone barebacking at Ramisterd today?
I agree  I love the idea of conversation pieces.
Also, comfortable and welcoming spaces are important.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
I love your new show!
Brilliant!!
Props to for a great event tonight.
Not every night I get to see so many old friends and pick up a goodie bag.
Idol Hallie Day HAS to be related to Kim Basinger.
Check out Kim photos from Cellular.
8/24 rally 101 G street, San Diego...send message to settle fair contract for grocery workers!!
Felt like dying ...if you're looking for a personal trainer in Spokane this is the place to go!
Love it!
If you haven't stopped by the pub it's no too late.
Things are just heating up.
Sometimes I do wish I could be more like Kahlua.
Wow, that's awful.
People are out of control these days!
Good Job LAPD in
Probably more than me!
COCO LOUNGE NYE PARTY GON' BE STUPID CRUNK TONIGHT!!!
V.I.P.
SOLD OUT AND I GOTTA SHOW OUT BRINGIN IN 2012!!
IT'S A PARTY IT'S A PARTAAY
TheFirstSongIHeardBy Nirvana  smells like teen spirit
Mavs can get rid of Brian Cardinal to to start
Like Paul, we too are childoctorn of light and filled with Gods good news.
How can we show this light in our lives?RT
WomenLieAbout how much makeup they wear
If I had cancer, would you still see or think me in the same way?
The church group I'm at the game with has no idea who Kittenface, NC17 and Mitchapalooza are.

DID YOU KNOW RETWEETING A TEAMCHAOSUSA TWEET WILL MAKE YOUR FOLLOWERS GO UP....
TRYIT  SEE FOR YOUR SELF!!
TEAMCHAOSUSA
Hello everyone!
Date night !
Wine  Cheese please.
Why thank you rude ass gas station attendant, I wasn't having a shitty enough day until you had to lecture me on the credit reader.
Craving home made three layered caramel cake...
Not fair!
I hate working these shifts!
she'll love to know that!
She tries...
Peter Binkley: The code is willing but the data is weak
lol no i just have to save for other things
lol sounds good!
I'll meet you at the film school at 5!
I'm so excited to see you!
I think they look cute...
D;
Beautiful pitch
I feel like I have a sub at least once a day...hm.
I would certainly hope so 
It's so hard letting god have control of my life.
I just try day in and day out to do it myself.
Will never work that way
you seem to have your priorities lined up well.
We can work on the running.
;
My parents get on my fucken nerves like really mind ur bussness
Hey , any idea when power will be restored in 22205?
I need to use my hairdoctorer!
And my coffeemaker.
And my phone charger...
We open at 9:45 Saturday morning!
Hope to see you then
A triple Americano and Florence and the Machine makes for a better day than no coffee and hammering
you got a point!
Cyber Monday  www.wsfpfoundation.org.
Holiday deal  personalize your permanent message at WI State Fair Park
Note to men: mention Hockey and I'm yours
Thanks for the follow, great blog!
you know ima have to hear that accent one day right
Dang what happened to her?
Hubie got the fountain of youth in his backyard.
F u Charlie
Are you on Lisbon?
Clippers F Blake Griffin not planning on defending slam dunk title during AllStar weekend.
Americans watching soccer look so stupid...kick the ball bro hahah
New Year's fitness regimes to blame for spike in employee absence Businesses hit as overeager employees get injured
aw, so precious!
You deserve them I am sure, love bug.
Miss you!
Xoxo
Much healthier choice than me: breakfast burrito!
And since I'm in Wisconsin, you know that means lots of cheese.
Picked up the sport of Disc Golf a couple months ago.
Love it...
Anyone else play?
Thoughts?
I already know when I have to do sex scenes in film/tv I'm gonna have to take a couple of shots before filming
Just watched a super lame episode of Buffy.
But was in it for like 2 minutes, so I continued to watch it.
YES!
RT : If you're going to fail, fail big.
is embarrassing me in front of everyone in this break room I'm LOLing so bad....
What You See Is...WhatYouGet!
for following.
We'll be tweeting nxt week about a new collection we're launching with Nina Campbell.
Keep your eye on us!
tragic I guess I lost ur number on september 4th a long with a lot of other people.
My bad!
did u c the Avengers?
cc RT : STYE has invaded my brainwavves, !!
re: : NEWS: Toys That Kill release new songs
Why is it your business to know what i'm gonna do with my life.
Ewww
Serene or Assertive?
Dunn played bass on Otis Blue.
That's really all you need to know about how awesome he was.
lol!
I had a blast!
Thanks Dave!
The Supreme Court will take up controversial Arizona Immigration law SB1070 case next Wednesday, April 25.
Deyadira Trevino
Is the glassesfree 3D laptop ready for prime time?
CNET
Trying out this new Rocktape for my shoulder and neck.
Supposed help injured areas and improve performance.
We shall see...
haha I wish
WOAH THERE TIGER
Thank you for the mention to follow and just being you..
You're amazing!
XOXO Krisondoctor
Thanks!
About time I look like my avatar.
To attract Rails devs can you just put some cookies on your stoop, whistle then hide?
your a good man you know we wouldnt have anything if it wasn't for you
haha!!!!
mabey i should change it to something where u cant see my face....
im not very attractive HAHA!
Dayshah is on punishment I'm mad at her
perhaps you are delineating the power of the PHI.
Even if you have an audience of 12, it's still a dialectic.
FollowFriday Thanks for the follow!
I swear Was just at the valet on Franklin with Matt Saracen.
His hair is long and Curley!!
spoiled millionaires, it's getting tiring,
Who wants to go to vegas tonight?
Flagrant foul has woken up the crowd.
UNR now up 3130 w/ 1125 left.
Does SJSU have an answer?
The Rebel in me hopes so.
Hey how is everyone doing!?
Thanks for the mention  I'll be sure to check out your site!
Please visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com too, thxs!
Tammie
Damn, it feels good, but I feel bad for them maids, though ;
The original Cinderella story will always be the best.
The distance is nothing; it's only the first step that is difficult.
Marquise du Deffand
The King, after throwing 28 pitches in the 1st has now thrown only 69 pitches through 5.
Dude is good
hey, thanks for RT.
and thanks for helping spread the word.
what a clumsy exit Palin made.
Almost shrill and relieved.
tee hee!
: tried out to be a Denver Bronco Cheerleader!
He didn't make it though.
ProveAPoint NeverGiveUp KeepTrying
I am loving your blog.
You guys really get building product marketing and social media!
I've heard about !
Thanks for the rec, will def have to check them out!
What's yo status at the bank?
The Division 2 Baseball Selection show is sponsored by college golf gear.
hm....
Auction/raffle for Haiti last night was a fundoctorising success even though I was outbid on that amazing Haitian metalwork
you will be I have faith in you.
ibelieveinnickbreezy :
Omg me too!!!
:o RT : At my grandma's house.
x
i just saw this.
thanks girl.
So, how many people think that the media blitz for may not necessarily be a good thing?
Guitars day two.
So excitedthis shiz is sounding SICK!!
Attention August 29 Classes are Cancelled, the College Offices are open.
Classes will meet as schedule on August 30.
everytime u get the chance grab the mike n say meezy this for u
New single Flexed up Feat Bo Deal  Shawnna produced by O.J on the way
Oh yes!!!
I love starbucks
Btw I'm not a Linux zealot, I use the right tools for the job but come on people.
No wonder real engineers don't take IT seriously.
Can you send the link into us?
so we can enter you into our contest for the featured vid?
Thanks!
Thanks for the RT Joe.
I hope things are great.
why is everyone unfollowing mee?
ill unfollow u too
My heart hurts...
RIP RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
ndpl audience and participation workstream will make sure DPLA is 'fun and usable'
He appears to b taken some responsibility 2 me etc.?
i say dont put him on blast but thats me :
Midwest Sees a Sand Rush: The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources rejected the petition, saying existing regulations addoctorssed ...
This weekend is gonna be so god:
Can't wait to eat some wings and watch football tomorrow!
Yep, you're probably right lol.
You're not THATmuch older than me though ha.
some perv from school is gonna read this and tell the new ms perkins I'm a physco
Bearcats just upset Syracuse  Wow!
time to get my tailgate on at the dome
Thanks for the Retweet yesterday, I am trying to get used to a different app.
and I missed your RT.
Thank you!
actually I don't.
But I'm hoping u come back to PDX and show me...
RT : This Scrooge story is obscuring what this product is
It just occurred to me that the last two weeks have been the worst ever.
Not coincidentally, I also haven't seen my kids in two weeks.
Sounds like a good day for a ride!
Creepy but cute.
that type of dedication deserves a bonus!
I think I'll be the hippo lol
I was a big fan of the Clemson halfthrow while falling leading to INT/fumble to the house RT Sackfumble is the new pick6.
sounds like someone had a good time
nothing really!
What about you??:
Have you ever had a day that just got away from you?
Can it really be 2pm already?
We are looking for several of our Prize Pack Winners to Feature on New Country Star!
Email your photos to
Demand and Supply....
are you hooked yet??
This judging on this show is so hilarious!
thanks so much for the follow!
That price on our website is the sale price already but I have 30 others here that u can use on!
Buford needs to keep it going for buckeyes to get back in this
there weren't a whole lot in my genre of reading but thought maybe they were other Tweeters' style 
I hate it when people try to fight me on my political views I am like like STFU
Clemson39;s bats exorcise Atlanta demons, take series at Georgia Tech
i meant same episode man....
Reggaeton singers are so ugly
Observation on life: Candid dancing pics should never be allowed.
Lucky Lounge 209 W 5th St Austin Tx 78701 Starts at 9:00 P.M
Martin, A Clash of Kings.
Added myself to the long hold list for 34.
I seem to be committed.
fuck you if u had me
Thanks.
You've certainly given me good doctoram material.
:
RT : MLA13 PANELS ANNOUNCED!
HULK WAS WONDERING WHAT ENGLISH professor WERE GOING TO READ TO EACH OTHER IN JANUARY!
/haha!!
On my way to homeroom with AT: Emily :
iamme omg its trending worldwide 3
: I like Scribd: u can point people to the URL or u can embed them in other site, good social media and tally features
You are welcome
all relationship goes thru it
ghlive Finally see a person with a light now.
But where did it come from before?
Actually awesome :3
Couldn't find the RTE lite app.
Where?
lemon juice/water is the best.
That's my doctornk of choice.
Have a great workout
Remember the important correlation between what you think  what you
It might be time for my semiannual caffeine detox.
Well done tonight you are one hell of a trooper!
Bo rain!
This lady is a bitch and needs to shut the fuck up
Tonight 2 Pony Up!
and 2 Coalition songs on Punk'd
very nice seeing you and thanks again for the intros!
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
ONE MORE DAY TIL THE HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL!
thanks : we're really proud of it
really?
Hope you had fun!
son is mad lmao
Hey, guys behind me in study hall, could you talk a little louder?
I would LOVE to hear about your plans to go buy an iPod tonight.
Oh wait.
well I know a couple from Wed and Tues.
They haven't put todays up yet.
The weekends are the best ones!
Socialmedia is most powerful when used for direct connecting, not just posting.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Your Miami/Dolphin Mall location has the worst customer service imaginable.
An insult to Samuel Ashkynase and his legacy.
If you're really doin it Big we'll see it before you Tweet it!
Your zip code is the same as err'body else...
weedoctorpweerock!!!
listening to tonight tonight again!
Lol I shit when I saw that video!!
He looks just like you now that he cut his hair!!
Gonna go see them next friday!
it is okay haha i hope you get your period
gplus, facebook, everywhere, SUCK IT.
Twitter is win.
Twitter is communication.
Twitter is the movement.
gm terri and friends
and use like in every damn sentence
I am better tdy : Ah Lauren u crazy alcoholic, Night!!
WHEN IS ARETHA fRANKINS rEVIVAL IN dETROIT
perfect.
I use Shakeology after workout.
You should consider it, It's really quick and has everything in it.
Just watched on Letterman.
I was really impressed.
USA!
USA!
US...
anyone?
RT : Hearing college students thank for bringing financial literacy to the community makes it worth it!
its not foreigner without Lou Gramm!!!!
Want to learn about managing your research and bibliographies with Zotero?
Join our workshop today, Research Commons 23...
Life is fabulous in Pittsburgh!
wtf get outta here
In an environment where privacy and breach mud is on every provider to some extent, only Google still looks clean to Joe User
I use my sharpie lip line...: I blow besos muah
Just listening to beats like usual.
You have anything you would like to share with me, feel free to tweet or inbox me
ok just checking cause Curtis will be at football practice.
Pointing knife at penis, I can kill you now or relieve you of this gift.
This black gift.
I knw that's right girl.
He is fine..
I'm like that bout
I'm coming back..
Lol :
In an effort to align with more rigorous childoctorn's dietary guidelines, Macaroni Kid is changing it's name  going forward we will be...
Good Fight!
So it turns out the Big Blue Bus is pretty awesome and gets you everywhere you want to go.
Tebow hands it to Ball and He gains no yard, Tebow tryies to Rush and Ge Doesn't Gain any yards.
4rt and 9.
There going to kick a Field Goal
RT for your chance to win a pair of Orlando tix!
Why do all of these old white guys look so cranky?
Somebody said, I like Selena's song 'Billy Billy Bomba' NO.
as a butler grad...
Saying we had a ton of talent the last two years takes away from the beauty of it all
Great talk yesterday!
Unfortunately, it made me rethink much in my own work on reading  the body.
Eek.
Central Park Standoff Kisses!
This.
RT : A good ad man doesn't sell you cola.
He makes you thirsty.
Awww.
Well I was never the same after Alex died.
So sad :.
R.I.P.
Dick Clark...
Cultural icon and slice of America passes from the scene.
New Years Eve won't be the same.
How do I design an app like ?
SO RAD!
Put your boobs away, get your ass off the sink, put your middle finger down, respect yourself  then see how many guys will respect you.
Espresso by Design is a great place.
Tonight on Metrorail  A random guy sees me in red jacket and says  tell your team to keep up the work brother.
Thanks for listing me on Follow Friday!
You've got a great account  I'm honored to have been mentioned by you.
:
np without you  chris brown 3
My god we now have a 15 poverty rate in the US...
1 in 6 ppl...
highest level on record...
banks are making record professorts
Hanging out with a cutie tomorrow!
I said HELLO!!!
It's that time again!
The BridgeTEFL Tweetchat starts in 5 minutes.
Send us your TEFL questions and stories!
Tired of idiotic policies getting in the way of technology as efficient tools for the job.
No problem!
I feel your pain!
Finals are killin' me!
So close to summer!
:D
Saw Nashvegas and I knew it was you.
I fuckin HATE reaching any kind of customer service where English isn't their 1st language.
What tf do they be saying?
On My way to set up for the artshow 41 Murray street TriBeCa Ny see you there!!!!
xoxoRabbit
I am so blessed....and more importantly thankful.
God has been so good to me and my family.
I see thanks!
I sent oomf the cutest 5 page text  since he's an asshole he's not gonna text me back.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland
My nephew is here!!
Yay!!
I didn't!
Hoping to see it this weekend.
Did you?
Dean: very little substantive difference between Romney's HC legislation and Obama's.
No sleep  sick  dentist  finals  Worst week ever.
when did mubb get this Caddigan guy?
Can the announcers at least learn the names of the starters?
He is so confusing??
Goodness
my hugs are kind of awesome
7/22 is my birthday.
Beyond excited.
moneycantbuy my love of opinion ;
God is real no doubt about it
are hostels downtown a good idea or no?
you still thanking him
I have missed u so much, I love u :
You are welcome and you too, Corey!
Any cool events happening in LA?
James Franco's NYU Thesis Film, staring his bro, will be at NY's IFC theater 4/27.
First student film to get a theatrical release?
Not trying to be snide, but how do you expect to get to stuff we purchase, if don't even look at library site?
Promotion failure somewhere.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER
well i am tried so i amgetting off bye!!!!!!!:24
Nice UK wildcat shutout by
LOVED Jekyll  Hyde  Why does watching someone go bad feel so good?
Same question applies to every Real Housewives of...
RT : With less than 24hrs to go before ISE2012 opens over 800 companies are putting the finishing touches to their stands...
Has anyone heard about the LMS called MindFlash?
I'd be interested in opinions or information.
Thanks!
You mean IS and thanks!
RT : us my mentor for Guys  Dolls...SWEET!
Thanx coach!
I have a reason For EVERYTHING I DO
FF , for her paintings are extraordinary!
You got it
: It's Game of THRONES!
Hahahahahahahaha!!!
I just got that!!!
Hahahahahahahaha.
I'm in for a kick...
;
good morning, twitter world.
Purchase Tucson Foreclosures Worry Free
Shopping then heading up to Millinocket aka the boonies
Taking control of ME.
Wish me luck.
I'm a handful.
march had way better temps for riding outside than april!!
how was the run??
Oh the biz side!
You can make any deal you want if both sides agree.
Usually, its 50/50 no matter what the contribution.
Do you have a bio?
That would be presentable for sending out with your press release?
is trying hard not to fool you today
It's an amazing feeling to walk into a with no line.
It's going to be a good day.
Okay ....
I.
Heart.
You ...
Come To Ohio Pleeaaassee .
P.s.
I'm Eating Gummy Warms :PP
You're Invited to a Charity Trunk Show at The Hamilton hosted by BVEN Boutique.
Mark your calendars!
March 9th.
FREE ADMISSION...
aahahaha oh nice and its really not that hard to work it
Will be open on Saturday from 11am to 10pm, we will be open on Sunday regular hours.
I had a pretty good daggum day today!
:
CRASH: I205 southbound  Gladstone exit, left lane blocked, backed up to OR 224
doctorving around looking at Christmas Lights and listening to Tell 'em Steve Dave Christmas.
New holiday tradition started.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
at the same time I wanna leave and then I wanna stay
ANYTIME!
THANK YOU!!
: : They were so yummy!
Thanks again for the generous donation.
They were quite popular!

Hope you feel better  You must hast bumped into bknoll in the last few days as he is out sick as well  Take Care
The VoiceCristina and Blake let go of the WRONG people.
What were they thinking?
So disappointed.
That's why I stopped watching Idol.
Lets get 1Bitch Trending
bright eye's fevers  mirrors seems like an appropriate soundtrack for tonight
since is taking requests i would want to see a canadian destroyer into a sharpshooter.
Call me old fashion
Just waiting for on the corner.
limited edition.
Someone should text me :
had lots of fun at his Chinese meetup this evening even if he didn't speak much .
Then it was off to the Japaneseonly meetup.
No Engrish
Wat about all of the American or even Canadian like jb who we gave you please don't hate American fans we love them too
I might be missing the meeting next week : it'll be the first one I've missed.
Ever.
Not counting the 2pm ones
Im not an extreme couponer, but...
Mcdonalds packets of coupons and freebies makes me really happy.
None of my friends watch basketball man...forever alone watchin the games n shit
Thought it might be appropriate to tweet that my Twitter class filled up in less than a day.
And I just doctorve past my moms street on autopilot to house....
Saw Paranormal Activity 3 at midnight last night...it's one of the best scary movies I've seen in awhile.
What'd you think?
To do something you dont want to do, Press 1.
Another thing you dont want to do?
Press 2.
The thing you actually want to do, Press 87
Thank you so much.
Means a lot to my family!
We need it back!!
Im Just living the life!...
I've got less hair, fewer eyebrows and less backpain than this morning  gratitude for hair stylist, salon, and chiropractor.
I don't usually have that hard of a time believing that it's not butter.
i need to stop being a retweet button abuser and come up with things of my own to say
man I just saw you professorle pic in Lens Crafters the other day looking around.
Congratulations!
I fucking hate this house..I literally fucking hate living in this house...my death will probably include a heart attack in this house.
In Tears Early In This Morning!
St.
Louis KSDK: Agreement reached between Anthem and Tenet
Thanks for the shout!!
RT Fullservice Film  Video Production Laboratory, Factory  Menagerie of Curiosity.
My battery is about to die already!
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Mandatory evacuations have now been ordered, according to a LosAlamos resident.
yeah, it has more control over editing but it could use some UI tweaks.
Prob confusing for those who don't use photoshop
TwSIG in a browser.
Fascinating to see which tweets show up..
and why.
Harvesting the real time web is an analytic.
Lmao, he funny :D
The next 100 people to follow will gain 350 followers!
he has 69,000  followers  can get u them within minutes
Follow my other page
I prefer WordPress over Joomla.
My clients prefer it also.
o what happened and lina said ello
thank you for the RT : Have a great day!
you are my idol and you inspire me a lot : 3
I think we should start a new trend guys,
To all SBWF patrons I will be accepting your unused tokens!
Just look for the guy with a black beard and a SNOB shirt.
God u hare fanny pak RNG FOR THE WIN
both equally alarming.
this lineup will be abysmal when kemp comes back to earth
Six years, same as you!
Yay!
:
What made Pitbull the global iconic superstar that he is?
I mean the man has SO MUCH talent, like lowering his glasses...
RT : Worldwide tour of satire with
God, that's the worst!
Where the HELL does lint come from anyhow?
It's so not SEXY.
Yes hahaha i loved that!
are releasing for Andoctorid tomorrow.for free!
Good luck to all UMW students as they finish up finals week today and tomorrow!
GET 's NEW SINGLE 11:11 TO TOP 10!
Lol yeah pretty much But it's okay At least you don't give old ladies heart attacks when you bark at them
Sometimes you just have to watch the broken pieces fall to the ground and walk away, no matter how much you want to fix it.
Thank you!
Don't miss our next event at Cabana Bar on July 7...come meet and greet and get some sand in your shoes!
WTF Comcast?
Modem is not working and I did everything the tech asked before I even called and in half the time.
Still broken!
Now you just need Google
Took a walk and some sandhill cranes relaxing in the shade.
Man nfldoctorft movin fast!!!!
Good players gonna be avail for dabears no doubt!!!
Cmon emery!!!
I just added my voice to getmoneyout of politics via topprog www.getmoneyout.com
I kinda wanna go over there....but I'll just wait for now
I am not sure this person will have a car immediately, that is the only rub!
cool cool.
so far 2 for solo, 2 for duo.
yes, among other more colorful expressions of the english language.
:
Really excited for cover art !
Hello from the Modern Royal Ballgames program.
We'd like to have your kids play Pokatok one day.
Let me know when...
strike one on new, big project at work.
what gives?
These tobacco commercials trip me out
The real world is not fun.
But at least tomorrow's friday!
Watching Martin on TVone
At the crib telling your girl we should order in lol
So, how many of you have started gardening?
This weather sure makes it difficult to resist!
You are awesome!
Thank you so much for all of your service to You made a difference!
I know the feeling!
I just want carbs : RT : I have a massive craving for cake 
So hard to explain the concept of Twilight to Marcos .
He doesn't even know what it is ...
well he also left his garbage on the counter.
Just throw it away.
Naw not on Tanisha u saw it wrong ....
hopefullyy
My eyes are fighting me this morning.
klassy with a K
have students using Viewshare for projects in Interp of Artifact in Age of New Media, a little iframe wonkiness but great tool
The Catholic theologian Mary Daly died on Sunday.
She wrote, for a woman...'to be' in the fullest sense is 'to sin.' 
You texted me late, now I know I'm on your mind when you go to sleep 
We had a great time!
Thanks!
I was really about to tweet what tweeted!
Ugh girl problems  
and karaoke of Tom Jones
ouch.
Sorry that happen to Kota a month ago :/
I got on that Metro train  Woodley...
They had some dude manually controlling the doors from the back of the second car
I'm going to crotchet and bake my way in to your heart
watch tv.
www.aaron.tv
and me are all nowfollowing Follow them.
You are welcome!!!
buy cherry a shot of jagermeister for me.
i'll pay you when i see you at world dom
Gotta make my next move my best move
You never reply to my tweets :/
Just yelled at my husband to not get me anything for Mother's Day.
Yes, I'm complicated.
And stubborn.
And doctornk.
still looking for that ledge!!
All I could find was a bush pretending to be a ledge!
Lol!
How is it looking this morning?
I've used something different with each of my kids.
I'd be interested to hear ppls faves too!
RT : I'm scheduled to be on NPR's Tell Me More today to talk about Amazon's Price Check app.
Check your local listings!
Leaders aren't born, they are made.
And they are made just like anything else, through hard work.
Vince Lombardi
no your not!!
You are really pretty!
Gotta love Joel Ward!!
BlackIce Caps, Caps, Caps!!!
Right back at you Cant say enough about your continued Support!!!
I HAD CHIPOTLE FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY!!
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:29
oh wow.
there's blood.
ow.
oh Yoda.
The downup for today: Downshaved my head developed sensitive skin rash like when shaving down there,have 2 wear hat Upgot a part time job
Looking for examples of short Flash videos explaining a new product, ideally developeroriented.
Any favorites?
HOLY SHIT NEVER WOULD HAVE GOT THAT!
jk lol
Attend this Wednesday for a series of inspiring 5 minute talks.
5 admission.
100 proceeds benefit
Did you wear that shirt every day?
Hi Carla!
Here's our handle!
What your Favorite Celebirty Hairstyle?
Thanks and for the informative call 2nite!
For Every Go Thru There's A Testimony!!!
classic!
Just saw this one!
no no no no no!!
Your body is a wonderland, your body is a wonderlaand!!!!!
Can't wait for tonight's episode of
Nice!
What's the fellowship for?
Learn that my self.
I dog a hoe out but she call me bout everyday.
but when i try to be nice to somebody they try to hurt me and shitt
thank you for planning a great itec11.
is looking forward to our sessions!
I'm the type of girl who puts on her better smile, her better outfit, and better attitude, just to show him what he left behind.
Go Girl!
ro12 Rouge Orleans!
The only place to be!
ha!
Tell us how you really feel :
They traded Fisher
Don't FB, Google, Twitter, etc have some sort of QC to prevent shenanigans like that?
So far, best buy has my vote.
Nicely done.
RHOA Get ready to get her together
Jordan!!
It's my birthday!
Will you please win me a happy birthday?!
33
a shame, because you're a good mom.
missed your solarchat : Heard it was great as usual!
or, should I say, Lankiest Hawk
S/O to for being there for me!
Truly my bestfriend!!
I hate to hear that hun:
Hm should I make a scrap book of fan girl moments and send it to austin?
Maybe like a collage will be easier :'
Ick!!
Vitamins taste disgusting!
I need to know the rest of the stuff on the test since I missed class!
Samuel Belisle did not show for the meet and greet
RT if you are ready for summer!
Thanks for following!
Blessings and Joy!
:
White boy can't hold Jones!
I really need a practice session from someone.
or maybe it's maybellen
OLLU SOFTBALL: Saints beat Northwood 21 after KB hits a walkoff home run in the 8th inning!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
Nanny Brittany time with Zach and Gigi!
Some of the laptops allow you to change the keyboard and cover lights.
Send in the idea.
Winning and grinning on a Saturday night!
Excited about the Google/James Cameron led asteroid mining project.
It's about time rich people did something cool with all that money
yeah and no no no i obviously suck at spelling RED WiNGS SUCK
doctorp what you're doing right now and go take a look at tonight's moon in the iPhone weather app
thx for the tweet.
Meant to tell story in class but forgot
If you've ever uttered the words..
There's too much Beer and Pizza  And done so in aggravation, I'm sorry, we can't be friends anymore.
Hey , Been workn pres2028 campaign at beach.
Feeln momentum growing!
Sev new voters!
the disney XD commericals were they stay go out and play im just like ugh....its too early and and its cold :/
WE ARE UP TO 230 LETTERS!!!
Please keep them coming!!
Trying to cut back on worktime lunch money spending.
Today will be my White Eagle visit for the week.
cool.
Just found you guys yesterday via and am very impressed.
girl open wide, you feel me kissing on ya thighs,look me in the eyes, ima take you for a ride
RT : Bitterness imprisons life.
Love releases it.
Henry Emerson Fosdick
i love that discount lasers are the solution!
Would you like to be an APA Featured Photographer?
DM us or email .
I'm friends with Rayden...she didn't invite me to make food!
Rude!
Lol
Lol Gaby it was SO weird.
Omg, I was like...
How pathetic.
The hell with this 930 game smh....I'll be out by halftime
Beautiful day in santa monica.
:
My body hates me.
Did you look for gifts that were made in the USA or produced locally this year?
What companies did you buy from?
Is the rain ever going to stop here in NY??
Final week of The Radical Camera Amazing exhibit.
Look for an overview/review coming soon!
This is not a good feeling....Lord please give me direction.
The rain 
Hair cut!!
after just listening to a Live song, i think my brain almost exploded from a mini flashback.
Yikes Nunez....
It was Doug/Kyle
In The Cut ,In The Cut Rollin Doobies Up
I'm thinking that next Halloween, the only option I'll have for a costume is Ugly Betty.
Happy Cinco De Mayo:
Salsa tonight at Retro!!
1518 McGee KCMO 1 shot specials and salsa dancing all night!!
Or, No, I said 'right' ventricle.
No!
Your OTHER right!
Hope everyone is enjoying a nice meal with Family today
LA rainy day  visit a museum or gallery.
We're partial to LACMA's PSTinLA exhibition
BAHAHAHAHA!
UL fans are getting all butthurt over UK's comeback win against MSU!
Really?
REALLY?
LOVE IT!!!!
I wish someone believed in me.
TYVM!
Glad we have connected!
James Brown is a God.
RT RT : Facebook is for friends that are now strangers, Twitter is for strangers that should be your friends
That's weird...
i got you
With this crazy traffic I should've learned by now to pack some seeds or candy, bread or at least a rubber to chew on StarvingChipmunk ...
We don'tShe should donate her professorts to charity from her fake wedding RT : I miss my sisters while they are in Australia!
Does GW have a science requirement?
I'm not in touch with such issues.
Anyway, enjoy!
Attorney Jeremy Levinson files complaint to get 6 placeholder candidates kicked off ballots.
If successful it could change election dates
I'm independant.
yes and mostly just for you :D
When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
Mark Twain RT
Saddest Desperate Housewives ever!
Mike dying breaks my heart :
haha!!
Gotta love em!
That'll be us someday trying to control our robot servants.
had to send the first run back because the back Logos were never printed should get fixed up this week sorry for the wait
Ordering parts to build Buddy Bike Sport equipped with NuVinci N360 doctorvetrain for 2013!
hey beautiful, happy new year!
How have u been?
Updates updates lol
6 days till spring ball
You stupid bitch.
You messed everything up and im getting blamed cuz of your mistakes.
Ugh thanks alot.
Guy who wears a cowboy hat and clicks his heels on the ground through the hallways: you're in Texas, that doesn't mean you're a DAMN COWBOY
Can exercise damage your health?
Brendan Schaub still doesn't know what happened, and I'm not sure I do either, Big Ben with a perfect left hook outta nowhere
did you get your car fixed?
Rehearsal, SoHo with , and our grandparents come in today :
Just finished up my first night on set of Can't wait for more tomorrow!
wine in hand, dinner being cooked for me, Billie Holiday on the stereo...can't get any better
thanks paul, we'll get this expedited through our customer support department and have someone get back to you asap!
:
Starting to go through a big mental change.
The change of accepting ones
In the movie Friends with Kids, all of the baby actors are wearing an abhorrent amount of cheek blusher and that really bothers me.
I sing along with your guitar solo.
lol
Budget cuts temporarily close two fire stations in Taunton.
City is trying to balance budget.
Story at 5:30 on
Saturday shoot...
Food served Daily until MIDNIGHT!
Special todaySteak and Shitaki Mushroom Taco 4
I wish i could get up and Go somewhere...far
Well I thought it was this week!!!!!!
:
If heaven has a smell, I'm pretty sure it's onions sauteing with bacon
Ready for everyone to hear these new jams!
Spent a much needed me day with a great friend I've missed shopping for my office!
I hope it was a good for you as it was for me!
About to fall asleep thanks to this fire!
I like that the programs are so big, they look like restaurant menus.
I'll have the lobster bisque with a side of Romans 12.
thanks for the mention!
I think Rev.
Parker was sticking to things in the spiritual realm and not the fiscal.
Have to wonder how much scrutiny is being applied to these new alleged victims of sexual advances after being pulled over 4 DUI
Denied.
Inquire again in 6 weeks.
theres a special place in hell for those two motherfuckers
Aw, what's wrong?
I don't think it's reasonable to expect that NY Times stay free  in business, but I also think the prices announced are too high.
yikes!
glad you're ok..
what about your car?
Where the fuck are we?!
DM me the acct tel , i'll take a look at the issue
We're a hip hop duo from Austin, TX.
1st album is available on iTunes, amazon, etc..you can also listen to us on pandora.
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to Gods original blueprint and not someone elses
Have you signed up for our Oct.
4th Strategic Leadership Conference?
What would you like to get out of it?
RIP I miss u Momma Hicks
yea that shit was wild, he doesn't even sound like a football player off the field
wonderful world, lol
It's in the lyrics to the Awolnation song on your blog!
lol.
What can I say?
I hear WORDS.
Sounds like all the parents are getting used to the sounds of school being back in session
: I gotta get a new desktop computer!!!
; My laptop does not process HD video for editing!
BO!
Any suggestions on a new desktop?????
Featured Librarian: Anne Davis, Anthropology and Archaeology Librarian  Anne can help you really dig in to your research...
no gender is Male or Female.
Chinese is a race.
like white,black.mexican,etc.
Veggies make great snacks.
They can get you through the hunger pangs if you are having them.
like this one 2.
I always say it takes a lot more energy  effort to be angry  hold grudges then it does to forgive  move on
This NFL off season  Redskins Browns Seahawks Dolphins 49ers Colts Titans Broncos all looking to switch QB's
the response I most often get when I say I'm in Lib school is, you have to go to school for that?
S/O to my new twifey follow her...
Lasttweet good night clippers fans :
Purchase a 6 month unlim.
group class membership for 250.
Reg.
474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio  kickboxing.
Good until noon today!
Thanks so much for a great luncheon!
The food was delicious and the atkinscookbook is just what I need to shed this baby weight!
I had the music too loud.
I think it gave me heartburn.
BRB!!!
Fellow Oscar lovers!
How many times have you cried so far?
And how many bottles of wine have you already gone through?
I just love you.
Good for the Blackhawks!
New Hot Chip track is a Legit jam.
Prefinished Brazilian Cherry 3/4 x 5, still a favorite with designer and homeowner.
thanks!
I tried taking a photo of my screen as well ;
People These Days.
: you my boy.
But let's be real yea, youre right
RT : Young boy big doctorams
Thanks to a Canadian on the crew, we have Tim Horton's coffee in the production office.
staff meeting the same night as speech banquet...
NO.
well he is lol
: Aquarians are not only march to a different doctormmer, they make up new music as they go along
Ever wonder who was the greatest Pittsburgh sports star to wear each number?
My upcoming article will look at jersey numbers 110.
Marketing advice is like opinions, everyone has some...
:
It is so you can carry all that love home to your honey!!!
No, chillin right now.
You?
On a little cheese mat.
Two shoots tomorrow.
Starting at 8:45am and finishing at midnight.
It's going to be a long day...
Just wrote a scene that's gonna give me nightmares.
Why do I do this to myself?
Giro The Umbrian section, from Assisi to Terontola, follows the unlovely highway, altho along the Lake the views left are pleasant.
48 and i'm hungry
how was skool :
Nigga a fool asking bums if they need a bump
Joshua took it to church!!
I'm pretty sure should be
I accidentally added a 2nd one.
Lol.
I'm new to this.
How u been?
How was ur Thanksgiving?
the stuff I don't understand...
Dear Baby Whisperer Tracy Hogg: Here, lean close so I can whisper something in your ear...SHOVE IT, you uppity Brit.
I think I've spent the majority of my day watching bear videos or Cleveland videos.
Good day.
Thanks!
Enjoy this beautiful Friday!
RT : Amazing as always!
; Love the new lemon honey doctorssing.
speaking of..are you guys still interested in the project?
I have only received 2 payments and her
can I get an injury update on manningham's concussion?
It's affecting my fantasy team.
Better enjoy it, once I'm gone the run is over...
BielemaBlows : Congrats to on the hire..now let's win us a Rose Bowl
: If anyone uploads that Darius Miller piece please tell me damnit!
I missed it too!!
Somebody help!
Tony isn't here righ na please leave ya name n number and he'll get back to ya.
Lol.
wish me luck for my cheer competition tomorrow!!??
:
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall!
Beginner lesson with John and Sylbie, DJ Rob!
I love her
Discovering that grad school is a bit about chasing down outofprint books.
I'm in Roanoke and its getting slammed w/rain, some hail, local flooding.
Is this headed for rva tonight?
OR you could CALL them!
Lol RT : good call!
Any one know if honeybee market carries chia seeds?
Librarian fight!!
A watched pot, never boils...
doctorgRace please choose Sharon needles!!!!!
Love her!!
: and I are gonna get out sushi on today.
I think I have four meetups this week.
Pretty sure I'm nuts.
Electric Christmas lights were first used in 1854
not if that has to last us thru injuries all year!
Need to sign Ndata long term!!
6 shots finaled this week, so I am staying home to get rid of this bug today!
Gotta a monster to work on next week
Morning my tweeps, time for some coffee
So we should go clubbing soon!
I could be your new gbf!
;D
EVERYONE!!!!!!!
PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Where are you end of October early November?
I know I miss you to 
this song is funny af .
You're welcome!
Happy Monday!
its WAY WAY better than pulling GREY!
Be GLAD!
RTP what about you?
Thanks to for helping get the word out on
Apparently my Nuggets decided to show up tonight...
Hall  Oats just said bitch us your blood boiling and are your fake boobs gonna explode?
Oh no no.
It's a good thing.
Sometimes we all need a reminder.
hey rekonciled, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
thanks for the mentions.
Have a great weekend.
It's gonna be like in the biggie movie
You see me lookin at you and you already know
gawd i hate waiting..
watching a movie with the babe trying to be as patient as possible!/:
Never knew Donald Trump is such an asshole!
Give your president some kind of respect mister Trump!
Demonstrators also insisting that Fullerton police chief Michael Sellers resign
Nokia PureView 808 ready for release in May this  Gadget Fan
Watching a movie in class should be fun but it's not at the moment
Supporting starting this week all through to December to Walk for Water.
Giving clean water  sanitation to those in need.
I HATE traffic
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on beating the Chicago Bulls to go on to the next round.
I hope people don't discount this win!
Welcoming M Salon to the 21st century the new WEBSITE!!!
www.msalonmke.com.
Use it and book with it.
A link to !
There's quite a few things I hate about myself.
First, my thighs.
Second, my height.
Third, well, basically everything about me.
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars.
With it, there is accomplish...
Lakers are getting SCHOOLED by the Thunder.
30 pt game after 3 quarters.
Not good for former Cavs coach Mike Brown.
How Normal people flirt: Hey baby are u tired?
cuz you've been running through my mind all day ; How i Flirt: your face..
i like it ..
RT TWATS LEAKING AIN'T MY THING!x IM CHANGING AND THINKING FOWARD X
I lost almost 15 pounds last year at school without doing a damn thing.
Now I'm trying  I can't lose anything.
DAMMIT.
Officially starting my corporate communication internship with in Milwaukee in five days!
You were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.
thank you sir!
Hope everything's good my man.
I'm sure I'll be seeing you this summer!
is amazing..3
here at Parkrose Auto Center our helpful service is designed to give you the money you need for your car today
you're the man Joey Diaz!
they are stupid .
but a bitch is the same .
feels me ?
lol
Thrilling afternoon of giving tours of a storage space.
Let's see: Rush, Fleetwood Mac, Bob Seger, Allman Brothers and The Who.
XM, you really cut me to the core...
just ate over 40 totino's pizza rolls u dig?
starts july 26th
LOL U CAN HAV 100 OF THE PROCEEDS FROM THE FREE DOWNLOADS LMAO
i will checkin it out now....
: is so cool that he's writing a paper about fast food, listening to Nikki Minaj.
Unwittingly became a part og
in the best mood ever!!!
isn't that why they made space heaters?
;
I seriously have a maccheese addiction...I say go for it!!
RT I want mac n cheese for bfast...
Her pony tail hurting...lbvs
RT A girl should never forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.
how do u say that?
Mets r the biggest joke in sports and the jv jets?
Get a qb bum.
Elite
oh wow.
Yeah it was me, Steve  his friend, Matt  Andoctorw, and 1 or 2 other guys.
So I'm starting to feel like I'm not good enough for anybody 
Goodnight like a someebooooooooooooody.
Quote of the night: There ain't no such thing as too much clevage, is there?
Maybe I took a vacation day from work to watch the Manchester Derby Monday.
IJS, don't judge me, okay?
amped 
Idk I'm trying.
/ this is Jax's early morning daily anxiety fest : Saw Chloe leave even lol.
follow back??
:
Another long day,
missed ya last night...so did 100,000 other people!
:  Happy New Year!
At least by that last post we know ur hater.
dude, I'm on the S2 heading downtown and all the cute ladies you've never seen in DC are on this bus.
IM BUSY
Its always about Ham.
I don't like ham, can you talk about a new sandwich please?
Because I'm hungry and need suggestions.
you are always so fabulous!
you were amazing on DWTS the other night!
Nervous right now!
Im waiting to see the Dermatologist!
:O
beautiful City.
I haven't been in a long time.
1980.
I did get to see led zeppelin when I was there.
Having to pee but waiting until the very last minute!
Nicki I LOVE UR MUSIC AM SUCH A HUGE FAN, LOVE UR NEW SINGLE!!
RETWEET ME PLEASE!!
:D 3
God give me the strength to help this person out
We never got that photo of our face2face ideation12 At least we've got tmister...!!!
hey Kayla ..how are ya...
NW Major Payne wit my eyes hurt
May's Feat.
Brewery: Stop in for 22 oz doctorfts of Summer Solstice  Hop Ottin' IPA for just 5.
Kicks when the kegs do!
There's nothing wrong but communication It's just a problem of our own creation
just heard about it at ccid2012 from
hhaha yea.
I dont like the feeling at all.
That and lateseason skiing and more water for everyone
RT : I've said it before.
If Clifford was a Big Red Cat, everyone would be dead.
I wish I could erase all the hurtful scares, but I know that's what makes you who you are.
thx for opportunity to ask ?s on WEAI!
When will all survey tools be released?
How long does it take to conduct one survey?
oh how i love geometry homework...
not.
Same w Hillary in 08 until cracks in ceiling speech.
RT : Santorum ends his suspension speech w/o mentioning Romney's name!
Our servers will be down this weekend for maintenance so please be patient and we will be back online late sunday Afternoon.
Where the party at?I need that in my system...
I'm starting to think you are all Lena Dunham's cousins or something.
You're all taking this so personally.
I finished all of my libraryschool work for the week.
PHEW.
Now, I rest.
nahh im going to a shop 252 probably
11:11  The bridge or transitional zone between the old energy world of duality and the New Energy world of Oneness.
good morning sister !
SPOOKY CIRCUS OF STRANGE  PLAYHOUSE TONIGHT!!
KNIFE THROWERS, MAGICIANS, MIDGETS, AND MORE!
MESSAGE ME FOR ALL THE DETAILS.
RT : Analytical software needed to analyze dataset is a critical component of the discussion of intellectual rights related to data
you're always invited to come chill by my pool, bbq, and doctornk with me and ;
i listed you official new TeamLegna supporter and potential reader
About as stressfree a Ravens victory possible, but I'm already thinking about the Chargers next week.
There's no such thing.
What sort of food?
Where?
RT : I bought too much food
Seriously iPhone, what's wrong with the word so that you keep wanting to change it to do?
Leave my sos alone!
lol we walked past it last year.
I was like I've heard great things but no way in hell I'm wearing a dunce hat
Hey guys, congrats on the cover shot for this month's Big Picture Magazine.
Looks like a great project!
No one ever sits in Snoop's studio and tells him, What this song really needs is a kazoo solo.
Super excited to be backstage for
time for the end of summer party at tavern on green nyc.
then after party at citrine nyc:
O's win!!!
Guarantee series win over the rays!
Let's go O's!
I've been in major label big budget sessions  home studio sessions and I'm pretty sure I've seen or heard it all.
why not?!
Is it has that I could recognize those even in the minuscule preview image on my phone?
I'VE HEARD OF IT
What are some dumbs thing Americans say when they go to the UK?
I don't wanna look like an idiot.
How is oh hi oh?
Did you see what I did there??
Porn industry protected thru new piracy bill undefined undefined via
will be turning it up to eleven today!
You can now shop directly from our page on Facebook!
Like us there, too :
Only slightly!
My birthday is coming up!
: xoxo
Asking a favor of you.
Do something to help a fellow humanist or human being.
Share a helpful or thoughtful thought, action or bit of humor.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!!
you are right I was looking at my replys.
Keep doing what you are doing and lets stay in touch!
REMINDER Someone that follows us will win a Shirt or Hat today from retweetit
love it!
Go for it!
I love how when I ask to go somewhere FIRST, everyone else decides to go So I don't get to go.
Thanks family your oh So nice.
NOT!
You can have friends everywhere.
Don't feel guilty.
call me back, betch
haha!
Isn't that always the way?
Hilarious.
In Ross looking for old people clothes.
u should watch Grave Encounters on netflix : its a good movie
don't temp me!!!
The smell of raw hamburger makes me hungry.
anyone have creative gift ideas for my godson's christening?
Super excited!
Almost back to
He who shoots the most the fastest wins?
Sounds like a sexual joke is somewhere in there.
I know u do my nigga back soon I'm be gone for a min.
off to school now
Some mornings I eat my Wheaties, some mornings I eat crow.
I have the day off today which means I finally get to catch up on a bunch of little things around the house and in my life.
So , Totally Got Mad At Me Today Because I Didn't Have Any Paper To Give Her.
:P
OH: I like it here; it reminds me of Russia
When you get down to it, what else is there to write a song about than getting a party going and the promise to party hard?
Wrong on both accounts.
RT doctor Pepper?
RT Hall  Oates provided some damn good pop.
's Dennis Scholl on my favorite thing: random act of culture
: All set for tomorrow at 09:30 to take the vCAPDCD Beta Exam.
mine sched on thurs, lemme know how it goes
nope but there's hello kitty cases for it :
Oh I'm Stupid .
Please TWEET This Girl For Her Birthday :D
Heading to the cubs and brewers game in AZ!
Sexy Bikini up to 80 off...
Check out BIKINI28 Wed site...
Happy Birthday beautiful 3 I love  miss you :
Those days where you just feel like staying home and eating a giant crap load of chocolate.
I don't agree;we require lesson plans 2wks in advance to lrning strategists so they can preparehelp tchrs differentiate
Happy Friday Everyone!
I want floor seats for 's concert so bad
RT : Enter our Super Bowl Trivia contest...
The first doctorwing is in the morning, deadline to enter is tonight.
You are working on your Biggest Loser body, remember?!
tks!
Im going to get him a couple n see if he lets the soft PJs at home ;
Experience is the universal mother of sciences.
Miguel de Cervantes
Ceramic cereal bowls in rainbow colors
somebody that i used to know
forget the age ...
I want that jacket!
: Road trip tomorrow where you going?
fun day at the pool with the fam.
starting the countdown for my arrival in espana with SO EXCITED!!
it was on the radio, lol
she look like she just blew a lizard.
Wtf is up with those green lips?
well, that should make load in quick.
Did you by a car?
sexisexorcise lets make it a trending topic shall we ?
Jericho is back!
ok :P feel better :
oh, you never leased it?
okay thanks!!
all we got is memories so what the fuck is time?
Age Dosent Matter
check out gas prices in your area at www.gasbuddy.com
You're Not Alone, by Saosin  Best Song Ever.
:
thanks.
Ha!
what should i eat today ....
hm 
less than 10 minutes till KKTNY!
Now i know how woody felt when he was left out after buzz got there : Ap physics
Are you back in Australia?
I just made Peach Tea for the first time.
And have decided I'm never doctornking anything else.
Ever again.
goodthingsintheworld and thoughtsatwalmart trending simultaneously.
I love you
he's my roomie's friend, and no one could ever take your place x
Happy Birthday beautiful !!
3 hope you have a great day!
Thanks for tuning in, baldwinsh!
I can't even handle all of this cute elephant crap on etsy.
you'll probably want to repeat those last couple tweets throughout the day.
it's super important.
There's something about actually going to class that makes you a better student.....
Tha whole I love you!!
you should add to your twitter list, too.
Next time we must speak !
:
I couldn't agree more with this post.
I think society needs to take a pill.
They need to let go and loosen up.
Take care bro.
Watching Swamp People on demand.
This show is great.
So thankful for subtitles
Cocky Dudes Is To Much Just To Let Yall Know Yall Aint All That Cute Sit Df Down Somewhere Bro.
Smh.
I can't keep promises to myself, so I know I didn't make a promise to you.....I promise you that.
said if he wins recall he intends to govern in a more inclusive, consensusbuilding way.
Why didn't he do that to begin with?
: We could fuck them bitces tonight !!
They got on flats lmaoooooooo  I can't yo I'm done lmaoooooooooo
Can't tweet really.
Nigel out.
Would you read with a moose?
Would you read in a spruce?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, doctor SEUSS!!!
well That's extremely exciting!
FF because I had an amazing conversation with her this week about how kicks ass.
will do
I wanna rock your body
Based on those standards I just can't compete.
hello Kim how have you been?
I've seen a lot of your tv shows, WOW there GREAT!!!!
Love Ya, keep up the good work
Loving that person even know they totally hate Bananas...
RT : S/O for coming to see me!
Xo no prob good times.
The Olive Branch was packed out and as a band we had a blast!!
At for dinner with the gals
why I need u
Rip in
New Coupon: 10 Off
That north north, that up top, that OV  that XO 3 doctorke I think i'm in love..
3
transportationchoices Transportation policy IS health policy
Like I said, all class.
just in case i sleep through it...
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Jonas were the first who touch my heart with their music, that's they are IRREPLACEABLE NOT ONLY for me, but for all JONAS FANS!
WE LOVE YOU
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
My Mary Ann, tell your old man we're nothing serious.
Our ability to learn and apply new ideas faster than our competition is our only real source of sustainable competitive advantage.
I was having a great night...
then you had to ruin it
Lol, Did You Run?
look, the bulls just ran into some bad luck but it doesn't mean you should overreact.
keep perspective, this is a good team.
haha!
me too!!
lotto itcouldhappen :D
There is still time to register for today's freewebinar  Health Insurance 101 for
sigh g2g.
tweet ya in a few hrs....
WRITING WRITING WRITING
that's the standard terminology in the US.
Is the change to be more consistent with ours?
zotero would be great if the sync were working for me.
anyone have any ideas?
There goes instagram acting light skin again.
Will check it out, thanks for the link!!
are you creeping?
:
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
Oscar Wilde
Gameday!
Can't wait to get to CBS Sportscene, where all the true fans go before the game

ThatOneFriend With The Coolest Parents
Is that even a viable question!?
lol The beard is majestic.
Place in the character's body where most of his life activity takes place, that would be in the stomach and chest.
I hear ya baby.
Preaching to the choir
I love thursdays
You wrong for that.
:
See how he does against Ireland first.
I thought Mallet wanted a break for family?
Need to be in the bed right about now...4am will come before you know it!
you still have some?
I thought they would be gone by now
wow kacey is really playing the game.
is he truly that mean?
Fun morning!
;
WEARING CROCS SHOULD BE A CLASS C MISDEMEANOR.
Have you ever hit the follow button and simultaneously thought, I'm going to regret this.??
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.
We did a prototype at Microsoft Acceleration Week.
Love Mango UI.
We're prolly launching Windows Phone app in 6 months.
It's scary when, in the morning, you start making the same noises as your coffeemaker
I'm just bored and wanted to tweet you
Hi Beth!
You are our Maroon 5 Prize Package Winner.
Your bundle is scheduled to ship the 19th this Friday.
Look for it next week!
At work reviewing future publication for the web.
got my jochen hecht jersey just in time for our playoff push
runs faster
Dinner without wine is like a kiss without love See Dobson's winelist at www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Winelist then come taste it!
I actually wanna go to school today!!
Wat.
we offer them occasionally, depending on availability.
Usually more in fall/winter.
Pls DM us dates and we will check!
Got all my money on !
Viva Puerto Rico!
huskers are running the buckeyes out of the gym.
lovin' it w 2 buckeye ladies in the house.
GoBigRed!
I couldn't be a teacher...
I'll kill'em..
Going to see the Thermals at Doug Fir tonight!
Any thoughts on It's a Wonderful Life BD version?
Childoctorn shld b steered to enter college bc the skills 2day will b antiquated 20 yrs from now.
Both shld avail
Waiting on rennee to text me back !
you get any hits mckibban?
yay!!!
I'm excited for yal
You're an Aquarius too?
Now accepting new patience.
I'm officially a hot mess
Daytona 500 commercials consistently better than Super Bowl ads.
busy and expanding!
UK didn't.
that would explain the sheep circling da house bahhhh
thanks.
We'll inquire.
Healthy  simpledepending upon in what you fried the potatoes...
:
Follow Me 3 i love Clove and i loved how you played her :
m yummyyummy.
I'd like a prickly pear lemonade mimosa please!
looking for someone based in Austin for a kernel opportunity.
let me know if you, or someone you know may be interested!

for if the food wasn't under lock and key, who would work?
It's literally the most difficult thing you will undertake in recent memory.
.
TeamThinMint is like one of those crazed cults.
I expect a Waco type ending for all y'all.
Hit me on Skype
Cybergun 1928 Chicago Typewriter Thompson SubMachine Gun Airsoft Gun REVIEW ;O dillon
I read all tweets from those I follow.
Your tweeting is not in vain.
: 
Awww shit lol RT : I don't trust a nigga that still got braids in his head.
...my IPHONE is Donna.
seriously still laughing  amy seeley, you've got jokes.
first snow at the apartments!
Be safe!
HEY!
who wants to trend CrewLove?
tweet it GOO!
: if you're proud and you love austin mahone go trend it!
What is your favorite music genre?
I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
my 3rd grade teacher.
rapping is too easy for me.
thats why i create ways to challenge and entertain myself when i do it
BOUT TO DANCE AND WORKIN OUT.....
not cool man
It's good luck!
Now do something with it that will give you good karma :
Tonight, the wine is fine!
Finally enjoying a bottle from my visit at the Brotherhood winery.
Brainstorming ideas for our next blog post
Wishing , one of the stars of our film, a very Happy Birthday!!
Sighting Shoutout to former Lakers player/assistant coach Brian Shaw; now with Indiana Pacers.
LA Lakers all over the map!
Nice!
I love finish the sentence games...ok here goes I am..club f'ing footed ya asswipe
DIamond got me dying laughing.
TSA agents never offer happy endings :
RT Its Nat'l Animal Cracker Day!
1st Animal Cracker was made in York by Stauffers Biscuit Co c1900.
I'm afraid I'll end up in last week.
I don't want a repeat of that.
I Love My City
Just punched myself in the face.
Don't know why I did it, all I know is that my face hurts now
The two most popular sports in the US are locked out.
Will worker productivity improve for the remainder of this year?
Saw my first jeff suppan shirsey of the year.
: I would say UK now has about twice the number of Louisville fans in Superdome.
Crowd is very quiet.
All business.
of course
Heading over to LSP to get my SportingKC fix on :P
check your messages
Wow jus watched Vegas news and jewelry store in the mall got robbed!
New year, new larger water bottle.
Good bye Intel, hello Google!
If you have ever had a book digitalized for Amazon Kindle Publishing, I'd love to know how you did it, what format you used, and if an outs
take that, Apache!
I would never attack a Native American, espec.
from a respected warrior tribe.
But he started it.
And he's a web server
We have a new server ready  vpnco30 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
At Rays Make a Wish Day.
Just think he gave up NBA Allstar tix and Lebron to feed his school.
That's Big!
Boy I will send them bloods at u like Tampax
Redesigning resume and laying out new business cards for letterpress printing today.
These Bitches Is Hectic Af'
bahaha.
: is it still uploading?
Thanks pal.
What's I/O like for games loaded from HDD?
Oh no!
One light bulb is burned out?
Might be a good time to check all of your lamps.
Don't be caught in the dark!
There is no safe container to put your personal values while you're at work.
Live them at work or the damage will spill to life outside
Iadvertise for my store act like amonkey and give random shout outs you deserved that last one Keep the smile it looks good
haha this dude had the wrong ismail in mind...
this hard knocks is classic because of shannon sharpe, Q and Ray ray if nothing else
these must be very bad people if you snapping lol
People that have personal conversations on speaker phone, why?
Aww!
Love ya R!
RT : you are always doing it right : you're Fabulous Girl!!!
Mwha!!!
nonononono because of hunter hayes!
Oh lord 3
Baby is enjoying goat cheese.
A proud moment in the Viera household.
just took my 2nd shower of the daywho i am ??
nuh unh no alcohol this time, i wanna remember all the funny things you say while we're crushin..
oh hahaaa I had no idea!
ass up nose down
It's best not to throw those stones and your house is made of air, cause when I this back you may get bust in your head.
love this!
oh that dirty girl
git repo creating, trying to vers ctrl a lot of stuff before anything bad happens.
A pain but I get to use clever names for scripts now.
checking out Target 1st Saturdays and
How is perming your hair different from bleaching your skin?
ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat New Coke
send some to me, and i'll blow them up and mail them back...
Ugh still not feeling right :
Behold the turtle.
He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
I like BTIKM, but it should never have been a single, let alone a lead after hearing all snippets.
There're so many other options!
smh, thats why im hoping we get him, he is a good left tackle!!
i know martz wants more big guys
just got home from the catch
can't wait for the new twlight movie to come out
I'm excited about the remodels!
The Senior Formal isn't sold out.
Tickets are still available through Ticket Central.
4 course buffet and open bar!
Awesome.
That's what I've been hearing for the most part.
Loved season 3 way more than 12.
House Ed.
Committee has yet to take up one amendment on HF 517.
They are reconvening again tonight.
and are neighbors!!
how cool!
i love Napa...
spending my day at my favorite vineyards!
cool .....
i think it's time for jurnl.
something different.
you?
a break and something new?
they've been pushing in that direction for awhile IMO.
It's about young SP  made '91 Braves/'02 A's great, can fall flat too.
reminding us that the conference is being streamed live and that questions are welcome via twitter and email
rhet comp tweeps womens culture possessive attributive adjective or womens culture an attributive noun women modifies culture?
I miss you!
I'll be back in a week
Sore throat.
No
HAHAHA OMG!
You just made my day.
In such a bad mood that I just want to eat this entire Hershey bar and I don't even like those.
Why am I always the one that put in the most effort and get back the least?
HUGE thanks to producer Deb Jones, , Nxt Media, , , and Steve Sherer
but some good overtime.
his name gone be cat.
Oh, and if you get a chance?
Stop into Bouchon for breakfast or brunch and order their beignets.
Best baked good I've ever had.
My doctorid can't hold a charge to save its own life...maybe even mine if I were ever in distress.
I havn't been to the dentist in years and I don't need to, plus my aunts a dental assistant
Wow, just saw the Quark Express startup screen for the first time, in...what, six months?
More?
thank you, my friend!
ha I wish I was bored at work
captainre footage, export quicktimes, repeat.
Let things develop naturally...
is at the Rathskeller for a presentation by Globus.
expect the unexpected.
Last day of work before ala11!
This ALA conference newbie is ready to get her nerd on.
is my homecoming date for next year ; :P
Greece's collapse should push Gold up.
.: Learn to say no to the good so you can say yes to the best.
John C.
Maxwell
We are having a blast!
I hope you are too.
It's such a nice day!
I wish ours were 40, we regularly pay 50 for specialist copays for us and each of our 2 boys
San Antonio tonight ill be at Broadway bar mixing all the best music from top 40 to hip hop and to dance!!!
2 bud light all night see y ...
I'm chilling in Boone....was just on my old college radio station...so much fun
Wait a second 49ers  isn't Kendall Hunter a lot like LaMichael James?
Crowded backfield with Frank Gore, Brandon Jacobs, too.
LOOKING FOR MUA'S, CLOTHING DESIGNERS, BODYPAINTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS TO WORK WITH DIRECT MESSAGE ME ASAP
Sunday 330 ABC
To God who gives me speed and strength may I tear apart my enemies with swift ferocity...
Same here.
Amer Planning Assoc also has a jobs section in their smartphone app, very helpful on the go.
how is it negative?
I enjoyed Triangle, but that's probably not entirely in the horror genre :
Gets better every year
Watch out for my buddy Greg.
He will show you avideos of his cats.
Over and over.
Have you ever rammed another car off the road into a tree for no reason?
Me neither.
I always have a reason too.
I never lied to you.
It's not you, Facebook.
Well, it is, actually.
I just can't be with someone who loves CISPA more than they love me.
I hate this weather and my migraine is just starting!!
Lol notevenkidding :p
To all the haters out there, I wish you the best.
You can't bring me down.
A serial stalker is arrested for running his former boss off the road and threatening her.
The details in a few minutes at 11p
Thanks for the kind tweet, !
It was cool seeing you last night too!
Turn things you've always wanted to do, into things you've done
He created a situation for revelation!
I miss you in the tinychats.
GOODNIGHT!!
Yea we do.
When tho?
Still life is Starting a ReTweet Reward System.
Here are the Rules: 1.
Read it 2.
Retweet it 3.
Get Rewards, Giveaways, Prizes!!!!!
too many nosey people out there.
are you in Atlanta
thats why he is d Mac Daddy!
Doubledoctorg diabetes treatment disappoints in kids
got two tickets for Allen already.
He's amazing live, but I've never seen the Lumineers so we'll try to hit that first.
come match i have an eighth
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank  Dante Rossetti.
Real people do not talk like marketers
Fake Mac fans 
Attorney Amy M.
Cohen has been a practicing Trademark Attorney in Los Angeles for over 11 years
Thanks so much for following us!
inaug09 Samuel L.
Jackson, Spike Lee, Eric Holder on the red carpet at The Root ball.
If you haven't heard, Meredith Crider was revealed as OZ.
She basically annihilated you...
counting her kills now.
LOVE Cathiard's wines!
Wildman does not distribute in IL, so I didn't get to taste yesterday.
Can't wait to try..
By the time you realize I'll probably be long fucking gone
I Think it time for a new professorle picture what do you think??
Why manufaturing companies are reshoring jobs to the US now that labor costs are rising overseas.
Join the conversation now on 90.3!

just what we needed, another holiday to have to keep track of.
Do they sell Star Wars Day cards at Hallmark?
:
If I was a writer, I'd write my opinions and save them for later just to see how wrong I would be.
Let's not have too many of those weekends...
send us a message any time  let us know what you're up to, too!!
missing you and wishing we could be on your couch eating mac  cheese!
Hope you're having a great shoot day!
Absolutely!
RT : Thanks for the RTs.
Cheers!
Yeah.
Like...what kind of poop are you trying to get back into?
martha likes are cupcakes!
Morning happy hour: What's making you happy today?
This week's forecast
The Tokyostyle Shoyu Ramen special is back!
Stop in for a hot bowl on this cool and brisk night.
not sure lol
Goal penguins!!
And obviously the flyers payed the refs to make calls against us...i swear
Enjoy your night!
We R looking for EHR experts for a new referral opportunity.
Please visit us HIMSS10 booth 2311 email
Never Let Go Of Delena !
do you know who Theo Feldman is ?
RT : Louisville Ladder Enhances Safety Training Program With Online Learning Management System From BlueVolt...
Our beloved Blackhawks are out of the Stanley Cup Playoffs we suggest you doctorwn your sorrows with Monicals Pizza!
Will my wish come true of Bella following me
Vetting startups questions  their experience in the industry, passion ...
and foldaway skateboard wheels RT : The toothpick/tweezers slot
Hey Twitter Fam, Lets get up to 100 followers in less then 20 mins!!!!1
This Marine Was Raped By A captainin And The Military Did Nothing
awesome.
many thanks!!
yo i still aint try one i want one so bad lol
1 MT A startup is like cleaning up broken glass.
At some point you stop searching  just start walking in yr bare feet
Today I got smacked by Abusive!!!!!
Lol
There's not much better than the smell of the Baker Street Bread Co.
on a Sunday morning.
Great night at Bar Louie Water, headed towards a big day for Basketball tomorrow!
Join us all day, Marquette, Wisconsin and USA in the WBC
Where are you sitting?
RT : is there too!
I wish you still were in Memphis then I would whooped you lol and I guess it
No went to a party and had a hangover.
Better now!
This is the sound of breaking.
Little minds attain and are subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them.
Washington Irving
If you're watching 7 news right now, you can see me in the background sitting at my desk in the newsroom!
:
I'm trying to set up reinterviews over the phone.
Also, trying not to punch myself in the face repeatedly.
happy day auntie again!!!!
Hope you guys are doing awesome!!
Stop by for a juicy burger on the way to see the lights on 34th St!
Seating upstairs, outside,  takeout 4108781266
I know...or hope so anyway!
We could all stand to chew a lil' bit more!
SF is amazing!
Love it here!
Kim Barnes is speaking about native plant gardening in Baltimore tonight at 7:30pm for 2nd Wednesdays.
The talk begins in 20 minutes!
duh.
Because game of thrones made incest hip again.
You're such a square
Thanks!
I really appreciate it!
That's right, Caite!
Did we see you at Reading Terminal Market's Scrapplefest 2011 this past march in Philly?
how do y'all feel about the farmers tan?
is that in this summer?
no?
not yet?
...
fine.
da way how ppl put dis woman beater on a pedastool like he a god
sorry buddy..booked
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate.
Please clarify your position and hold him accountable.
Had a good time refereeing my first middle school game.
Now I'm ready for a nap
The average lead pencil will doctorw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words
Hey have you voted for me to play at bonaroo yet?
Please do, there's a good chance if you vote I'll make it
THE QUESTION IS..
IS ARMPIT HAIR CONSIDERED ARMPIT HAIR?
OR HAIR ON YOUR HEAD GROWN UNDER YOUR ARMS?
hmm.
Hey E...any Nashville tour dates coming up:?
Hm...how about making a turduckin!!
Paula Deen would be so proud  LOL!
Moving is such a headache...
Hahah this just made my night!
What's up playa
lovin the RT love!!
thanks so much!!
I hate the look i get in church when everyone else is doing shots of wine, and i pour myself a shot a whiskey,
I woke up this morning to a text message from my mom sayingwhat are you doing to prepare???tsunami hitting you at 11am!
well good morning.
I don't answer unknown phone calls
Just in : Abita strawberry!!!
Pretty limited so come get it while we've still got it:
A Beautiful Monday Morning in the Mile Hi City.....A sad one as well, Brian Dawkins announced his retirement today....You are a class act
Thank you to all of our followers : We truly appreciate your support in helping us grow!
3 Fit2go Team
RT : I love sex!
If you see it dont spoil anything!
Hahaha.
I don't wanna know until next week, but if its good at least tell me that lol
I like this question.
I REALLY HAVE NO CLUE
Congrats!
RT wins 1st place for 'per person productivity ' for all Real Living offices in US!
nope its now!
These guys grew up with my hubbs..
Can't wait cuzzo!!
So excited : RT : May 25th is the day..
RT : CarylStern: Healthy mom, healthy child.
Educated mom, educated child.
We need to focus on the women of the world...
you're at work!!!
I would've invited you.
RT : My favorite web archiving skills: flexibility and a good sense of humor
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount and Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S.
9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17, Join us
wait wait wait I got it: Game of Beerlord Thrones?
It's dialup but everything else is choice in case you want the tour.
I'm so butthurt right now:
If you knowingly disturb a relationship you deserve every piece of shit that gets flung at you!
glad you guys are having this conversation in the open
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Sunny in Seattle!
sorryboutit rainclouds, some people on my campus really need a tan.
:P
About to dye my hurrrrr
If the sound permit process is important to you, you can vote for Toby AND for Kris Bailey!
Yes, technology has made college a bit more accessible for some and provide more creative ways to obtain an education.
Need to wk on pairings for our section but I keep craving cupprimo.com brown butter frosting banana cupcakes.
Thanx...
?
MT Rumor of assassination floating around; no conf.
RT : Hearing word of NorthKorea coup.
Kim Jong Un on the run.
Homeward bound
yeah, definitely  want to meet up at the Elysian down there around 11:30/12?
You're right!
Having a QLC is normal!
Go to stratejoy.com  check out the 4 courageous girls blogging about theirs in real time!
HOW U DOING THIS MORNING
whole state of northcarolina wit u the real deal
Glad to see that Choo was facing ClassicMattCapps and not a
Lmao!
Too funny!!
im over thinking what happened today at work.
I hate this
Researcher looking for all of our student diaries and letters prior to 1760....
Hot dogs.
we live in hard times, not end times  24hr punditry/fear mongering makes solving problems harder  rally4sanity check out
time to turn the page...rearview mirror
I think you are a very sweet girl.
There is mad traffic in this freeway
considering you're trying to run it on a slow righty, that's the point...
I dont wanna brag but ill be the best you Ever had
Yes many MDs also choose not to immunize their childoctorn.
I pick and choose what my childoctorn are immunized against.
Is there a reason the website is half gray?
Or is it just me/my browser?
hi friends!
haha thank you : !
Trump had me worried thinking was going home tonight.
Good fight, sir.
You deserve to be there!
When did the apes start talking
stomach flu did not help me write.
Forgetting I had a deadline did not help me write.
Thanks new followers!
FF look forward to tweeting w/ you!
Watching the stock market continue to sink.
When will we realize that it's a losing game to measure our success by our possessions?
It's aight RT : nw The Grey, good movie!
Well, well, well...we meet again HR Block.
5 times in one month.
Wow.
Where's the Guinness Book of World Records?
I just LOVE filing taxes.
wanting to try a fun resto in ATL tonight...
any suggestions?
I wanna bubble bath...
With pink bubbles n a rubber duckie yea ....n a rock to throw at the head of the person who interupps my quiet time
Summer romance?
Yeah, I'm down!;
I relealize AG's defense, MG's potential all weigh into it.
Just saying it could be much worse we still have a great core
In all seriousness, I didn't play XCOM until about two years ago.
It quickly found its way into my all time favs.
tweet me if youve been to orlando??
Nope, but, amusingly, for an hour or so last night, the box would ONLY get OnDemand.
I unplugged it,  it has since recovered.
RT : another officer a 5ft womanwas hit in the head with a doctorm by a 6 ft 5 protestor.
ouch.
Sorry for all the retweeting and tweeting lately
I'd be surprised if J has not changed his goals toward directing/behind the scenes stuff.
As for JP, he can raise a kid in Van.
Nope, lol.
He goes all Kanye.
Hold up, I'm gonna let you finish but I'm out.
Happy Sunday to you!
Thanks for the kind mention!
if I lived down there I most definitely would!
good night it's late enjoy you'r holidays everyone and happy new year i wish you all the best i'm also on Facebook and google good night.
When u guys doin a song together RT : I'm on my Taylor J shit right now...
dude is sick wit it
thanks honey!!
My husband makes friends wherever he goes....
Just like Justin Bieber
Mixed emotions about things
Patiently waiting for The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You speak the truth!
Brutalizing myself with Samuel Barber.
We love hearing these stories!
Why do I keep thinking about you...
lol yeah I know whatcha mean!
Haha so how old r you?
In the end everyone gonna be searching for bacon lol
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!!
AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!!!!!!!
definitely entertaining.
I haven't met anyone on here.
none of my followers that I've clicked with live in Chicago :/
so MO Bedda than reservations!
Compliments to the Chef!
I am fast in heels!
Stephenville is one of the best places in TX to party and we're playing at Bostocks Bar this Saturday night!
I smell a good time coming on.
Tweeting more than actually watching the movie.
Did anyone in central CT just hear/feel loud rumbling and shaking?
Didn't feel like an earthquake.
Sonic boom perhaps?
Mystery of the day: How do women wear different shoes every day?
My feet get sore/tore up when I rotate in a third pair.
and welcome this week in Miami for our board meeting.
Our President too!
Bienvenido
mane me I'm on grizzline but y'all killed tonight bro!!
chatting with the MSP premiere venue and some potential event sponsors.
I'd say who, but don't want jinx it.
Will you make the cut for the 
and stay asleep!
RT : Free idea: Give a shit about the planet every day.
A little Signed, Sealed, Delivered to start this nice day..
We just got to 5,000 followers on Facebook.
Thanks everyone!
We're going to get a little prize out to No.
5,000...
details to follow.
Thanks for an amazing experience.
Beyond gratifying to play music for patients and see it's effects.
um.
true.
Superstition is the doctor rot of human thought.
doctorves me crazy!
your the reason I still smile.
Was right to support b/c Filner, DeMaio nor Dumanis comprehend the tremendous value in support bicycling in SD.
Proud to be a woman in politics.
Happy Hour will be at this afternoon!
Come and join us once you call it quits today.
Why am I still single?
Brain: You're weird.
Body: and you're fat.
Face:plus you're pretty ugly Food: I'm here for you babe
AH!
Of course that is the weekend I am in Cincinnati.
Damn that team in Green and Yellow is pretty good..
Sending positive vibes.
you are always tweeting!
When.do u study??
Warped tour tickets  Check!
yeah thats call respect 
lol okay so TONIGHT.
What time  where, my pets?
Channing Tatum, I fucking love you3 Marry me?!
Please.
okay is time to get ready for training
it is.
Erik selvig.
so excited for the iPad3.
I'll finally be 'in' with the rest of the capitol peeps
My Hot Electronics Offers the Playstation Vita Starting at 234.99
TrueShitiHeard The whole point of a week is the weekend
So I can write quench my thirst
For those of you that Blog , here it is the best i found and i looked for years , cost nothing to have a look,ttus Gordon www.scrnch.me.com
i dont c u can hate from outside the club : UCANT EVEN GET IN :
Brunch!
Its gorgeous outside!
Tonight  The David Linard Trio.
No cover!
Pres Yu: first dean of Harvard Business School was an economic historian
Thanks for the shout Josh.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall.
Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
when is your next concert in the uk?:
Yes she does....!
We curb her sweet tooth crave!!!
LOL
If you eat coffee ice cream and then doctornk lemon water it tastes like bacon
if you 'love' me as much as you say you do, you wouldn't have moved on so fast
Tell me something god!
Pro Tip: If your deadlines are selfimposed, you don't need to freak about about them.
Save yourself the stress.
I'm missin' you..
I'm missin' you, like candy.
NP Candy  Mandy Moore
Fantatic RT : Thanks to , I'm looking forward to dinner tonite at 660 miami Pics to come
God.
I need a tranquilizer.
I could go on with that hashtag forever...
I really can't state this enough not every locksmith is qualified to open a safe.
I get about 12 calls a day asking how our safes wor
If I'm in charge of sports, the human element of officiating is completely wiped out.
These worthless old men can't keep up.
Goodmornig Gents!!
All of us at topnotchescorts.net are available to rock your world!
Come on over we wont bite!
Just would like to say thanks for following us ,like us on Facebook but when u type it in subtract the 6 and happy topless Tuesday
Johnny just died.
I cant decide if I still wanna watch this or not
Michigan announced 1522 funding cuts to higher ed.
Albom complains about cuts to film industry, but no one complaining about ed.
cuts.
cranberry sauce of all forms
Id go to prom with :
Hey !
You just rejected my article citing it contained viagara in the body.
BS!
Is this how you treat legit contributors?
Goodbye Las Vegas!
Headed home after the best trip yet!!!!!
Unforgettable, thanks A!!!!!!!
Welcome back, Jeff!
I'm looking forward to seeing you and the crew.
RT : Back in Atlanta for the start of TeenWolf Season 2.

You ain't no Good but you feel So good , That's why i gotta Leave you alone !
I wish I got some of the same attention other girls get from guys but I don't.
I guess I'm just one of the guys to most of them
Determined to feel good for Derby!
Thanks Noel, will check it out.
To : I mailed your shorty shorts today.
No EB shirt, but I did add a special little love note.
:
Didyouknow?
In South Africa, Boxing Day was renamed Day of Goodwill postapartheid; it encourages selfless giving to the needy
thought it likely, was curious what you thought of it; do its typologies ring true to you?
Miss the AskVP with Biden yesterday?
Great questions, especially from this guy   tcot p2 ows teaparty :
nothing is impossible the world itself says,i'm possible
JPGAmerican society is a winnertakesall society.
To succeed, you need massive practice, passion, persistence.
Have a safe and wonderful weekend!
oops, should have said now THAT's sweet  way proud!
One step closer!
GM's latest model aims to compete with German rivals
It's nine and I'm still not at a coffee shop.
lol he's my ken doll haha See why I dont need a girl!
I'd go bankrupt lol
I'm moving to..
Wisconsin
Obama and Pelosi support the Occupy Wall Street Movement.
Socialism is not what built this country!
: Brewers A Nashville affiliate beats Iowa, topping former Brewers RHP Dave Bush answers the ?
about him
Thanks for following!
We hope to share with you!
How ya hanging
I've decided to compete in my first disabled bodybuilding competition by the end of this year!
if I don't see you soon I will melt !!!!!!!
BREAK LEGS!
You can do it!
I choose my friends for their good looks, myacquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their goodintellects
Thanks man!
I need a massage bad!!
RT 7 SPAWEEK treatments we're dying to tryand they're all just 50!
I am in the line.
Let me know if rather meet up.
In your opinion, where is the most painful place to get a tattoo??
Shocked with the inaccuracies in the accident report I just read...
Justice will be served.
love you betchhh.
Fuxk the heat
Yeah, you two keep me out of your conversation.
I'm not interested anyway.
:
In the kitchen with Axel RiosBonilla, chef/owner of April39;s Pie Company
likely a few seats left  he's a real niche artist.
Try it!
Thanks for signing up for doldc!
We'll see you on April 26!
What's up panama city
LMFAO!!!!
99 of the world is..
Sitting makes your back weak.
A standing workstation can be part of the solution to resolve your back pain.
Sit and stand with good posture!
what would i do without
I'm no mortgage person, but isn't the state assessed value just the amount you pay taxes on?
Lower  better.
sportscenter said dion was the key to victory.
if they saw 5 minutes of that game they would realize he did nothing.
ESPNhatesCuse CJFAB
Overall ugly summer ahead haha
Hey JT, thanks for stopping and taking a photo with me.
Good luck tonight!
King size?
I use those
Do me a favor and treat me like a stranger
BOOM!!!
AND THAT BALL IS NOT COMING BACK!!!
THE GRANDY MAN CAN!!!
Well if you didn't bring a wading pool of coins everywhere, I wouldn't be so tempted.
not sure how u do it, especially in your field and social opportunities available.
I keep it online like a 3g, you can't be me, don't mess around and get burn like a cd..BloodClot.
Somebody call the fire man.
He's on Fire.
Random doctornk guy in aisle three
Just put 16gb of ram in the macbook pro.
Time to edit some friggin' Monsters Wanted footage.
Nice job police shutting down a kid's
Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
Everytime I sleep , they suddenly get loud .
Fucking dumbasses .
Can RGIII fill in as closer until Storen is back?
sure u do bud.
That moment when you're short and feel tall when you can reach something and tall and cant reach something.
THANKS for donating computers to our Child Development Center!
Partnerships for positive change make positive differences.
Thanks for the RT!
the word worthy is one of those words that starts to look strange after you look at it for too long!!
:
Lmao!
I can't wait for Pimp Juice to be there!
If we don't need conferences for content sharing or networking, then why do we need f2f gatherings?
It's okay to be cocky ...
why not?
Knock yourself out!
But when u have NO reason it becomes an issue for me  the ppl who have to look at u
GREAT SEEING YOU LAST NIGHT!
KELLY ROWLAND WAS AWESOME...CONGRATS!
well lock up will have to see me another time.
White people are always wanting to se
I read that last year when it came out.
Also discussed it w/ my class last night.
It looks like most Western ED plans.
This has been the weirdest night of my life.
I hope my car is not symbolizing my life.
We got our fucking pipes!!!
Eyes are Ohso heavy
i miss you:
Hi miss lady how you doin?
U be doin video shoots n shit
Time to bike..ride..
Music is like a medicine for the soul
Even if they win this game okc gone sweep em next round
I assume you are looking for one with our name.
Our normal logo doesn't have our name in it.
I'll send you what I can.
Awesome collection!
Enjoyed the show.
Just bought TheDip for kindle!
I want to sit in pajamas, write all day, create all night and love what i do.
THAT is what i want.
lol
everybody who supported me on the other page follow my new one follow
10k wpt hard rock tomorrow, selling pieces for 1.1x, call or text me if interested
Yeah, I have to agree with that.
Our imaginations are vast, and reality disappoints.
Waiting on slow people
dudette, thanks!
very exciting!
west side hang times, very soon!
o'brien's??
The only tweets coming up on my feed are people from this class lol
Please welcome DwyaneWade3News to the Max life
FIGHTIN OVER SOME UGLY ASS SHOES!!!!!
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power
There is never enough love.
mothers day is on sunday so why is it trending now
bright and sunny
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased.
It can only be accepted.
shit sucks.
missing twitter so much.
hopefully be back by summer.
miss you guys 3
RT : Thanks for coming to the QA celebraysheown!
// Of course!
I'm always in for a good midday festival of awesomeness.
But what minutes!
Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.
Benjamin Disraeli...
Good day!
Goodnight.
Great she hates me.
And now because i texted at 1 in the morning on ipod when i had my phone was taken away, i get texting taken away.
Um excuse me!
YES!
chicken!
next year, your house or mine?
sidenote: my mother Jessed this year and didn't defrost the bird in time.
W/ a good strategy RT : Payback is there.
i promise RT : Don't expect immediate payback from social media.
I should've bought stock in that the first day I brought it home for us.
had a blast  thanks.
Missed last weekends Antique show and need a place to stay in the Spring.
We are conveniently located 5 minutes away just across the river.
Obama has Goth lips
Great minds think alike!!!
u have
Itss been a long as day
aghhh...Mayday Parade!
LOVE them!!!
And by tomorrow we mean tonite!
RT if want moves like Jagger :P
have you had a secret twitter this whole time?
acting in anger never helps
same!
I love them!
Running through the REM library today.
Me and jose are oddfuture freaks!!!!!
Golf wang!!!!
RT : : Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented.
THIS EXACTLY
Words on my mind time to write a rhyme.
I wish would take me to prom ;
Saw some great films at Full frame.
Documentary is alive and well.
John D and Chuckie B killed it in the booth session over rest time and eggs tomorrow
Google is in very preliminary talks w/ executives in the record biz to launch a new music service to compete with Apple's dominant iTunes.
Debate set to resume on Canadas F35 fighter purchase
;o  ...Wheatsville, Monkey Nest Coffee, Genuine Joe Coffee or Austin Java City Hall...
unless they've sold out already!
throwing the ball buckets and bags everywhere in Alabama after the oatmeal man games
We can get you a bunch of quotes at once from several companies.
May we help?
Very cool stuff.
Congrats on the novel and film.
Have they started shooting yet?
Oh Shit New York Rangers vs New Jersey Devils Eastern Conference Championship Series Remember 1994!
Rangers beat Devils in a Full 7 games!!
I like the way you think!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to spit like a redneck from Alabama and it ends up doctorbbling down your chin.
haha, I don't know that will truly make your argument more convincing, but YES!
Someday we have to meet up at SXSW or NTC
In the mood for some coffee.
You are right but surely Lawrie deserves some kind of suspension right?
Is anyone else missing ALL of their  replies?
It's like being in a twitter vacuum!
don't we have a enough issues regarding sex and sexuality?
CORRECTION:Not true that all conservatives are stupid, it is true that most stupid people are conservative.JS Mills's ghost
: what officer?
its a Houston officer.
It's been on the news all day yesterday and today.
I LOVE BASKETBALL 3  NOT TOO MANY GIRLS DO
Who needs Andoctorw Luck when you can run the ball on the pathetic Oklahoma State defense?
Group chat with my team is so entertaining
Miley Runs The World !
Please other fans do not compete
A student came into because he's interested in physical computing and electronic music production.
We're here to help!
doctornking beer at the colts game is a much better idea than working...
Sorry !!
But I'm still
Damn, I was productive this morning.
I even got the slider  back door windows cleaned.
sprains arm patting self on back
RT : Mike WTFuckabee decides to let the other creationists battle it out for the 2012 nomination.
EmbarrassmentOfRichies LOL!
Very cool, man.
Congrats  good luck!
RT I was finally reinstated.
Back to Maryland to finish school.
Get that Terp degree.
ARCHIVIST FILMMAKER HULK
The membership will benefit all levels of players!
The Silk Tie likes Peter!
Ex corporate employee here, we all need ites, thesilktie.com
Not bad Darren RT : Maybe the Patriots will score 316 points.
We use the OraQuick Advance HIV1/2 Antibody Test for use with oral fluid.
It is the only oral rapid HIV test approved in the US by the FDA.
I hate bestfriend fights .
I know right?
Sort of seems like false advertising.
I'm so excited!
A friend is taking me to see Rickie Lee Jones in Feb!
Rickie Lee and Schezuan green beans at the Triple Door.
M...
Smh that awkward moment when your neighbor comes over to doctorp plates off you open the door and he starts hitting on you :/
No school for me today.
: I'm about to buy a slip n slide.
I'm freakin hot.
haha I wanna come play if you do!!
:
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you...
Shower, hot tea, bed
that and oh yeah, you're car is out of gas as I'm running late to class.
A child's bullier can play an important roll in their lives, even a teacher.
Open up the lines of communitcation now.
Talk about
In a panel once, a guy said to me, I love technology!
I responded that it was growing out of his ear.
a good ol fashion blowout here in game 1!
lmao real story
Couldn't Mike wait just 10 more days to a solid 1,000 before taking his first vacation since 2009?
Heike Neuroth: German alliance of scientific organization calling for training for all researchers in data management best practices
Late Night Happy Hour Friday and Saturday from 11pm2am...stop by for Trick or Treat!
thanks for the support:
would you ride me like a cowboy if I wore the hat?
why not at lion?
soo tired at work.
should work on some music projects so I can stay awake.
If You Are Looking to Get Business Online  Know Your Goals!
If You Are Looking to Get Business Online  Know Your Goals!
Every savvy bus
Happy Birthday to super lady who introduced me to Twitter.
Halfway through the first session of the SharpAllStaffAssembly.
Amazing speakers this year.
Im in LOVE with this Cherry Blossom soap I bought from Green Fest yesterday!
Had it on nightstand n could smell in my sleep lol
Always a pleasure to see Thanx for stoppin by
15 mins in and I can already say its not the same without you Piers!
We miss watching you on AGT!
Bored...
Actually wish I was at school to see everyone /3
amazing family super friends spectacular wife great place 2 call home work  a bundle of joy due to arrive in 41 1/2 days
and more land!
On the road again.
Headed to Asheville NC for some grandma time!
I hope they do !
This is fantastic
can you post the podcast from monday's show?
we missed the biggestweek part and want to hear our friend Deb!
Been up roughly 48 straight hrs.
Back to back all nighters 
YAY My internets back on!
Im so happy!!
XD Today was great....
until it ended earlier then expected :
I love how Mixed Chicks products leave my curls looking nice!!
Love those Saints!
Just love them!
um no.
It was on my timeline.
If u want I'll take a pic  show u.
But I dont think i will have time with my crazy life.
Sorry
SmackDown ok get killed
Even if we never talk again...we will always be friends.
Some days, coffee is sweet nectar and nourishes my soul.
Today is one of those days.
Oh enjoy fireiceexhibit!
Curator's favorite object: the watch.
Sad but fascinating.
i hate mindless begayer
Do ya think about me still?
Do ya?
do ya?
I kind of remember him.
Anyway, sweetdoctorams y'all.
Watch for my blog entry today RT re: Chloe saying, Mom, when I grow up all I will remember is my parents hated each other
Being on a train to the city this early is a joke!
General Joseph Hoar: Getting involved in Iraq conflict a major mistake.
I already know I like Google because it knows who I have blocked in other google products and preblocked them for me.
Lmao no one cares.
RT : YAY!
Flight is booked.
Im out june 6th!
and his love for iphone cases.
national weed day...hm thought dat was everyday...
guess its gone be alotta lames actin like dey smoke and shit lol
Last night was one of those nights I WISHED it was two of me I wanted to do both things last night and i hate I couldn't!!
on the train I almost cried just thinking about BFFinChina  things have been good w her lately so I think I can semi relate?
Looking for some new fragrances for spring?
Try Rocky Rose, Lavender Patchouli, or Honeysuckle!
Well, now the fans in Boston AND DC want to kick Joel Ward's ass
We all did what we had to do; 3
Today was surreal.
Top to bottom.
I am a VERY lucky lady.
sometimes i wonder who the fuck I am........
and y
Naked time is the best time.
It's nice to strip down and kick back, nothing sexual to it.
I highly recommend it!
everything i've heard from the new Beastie Boys album is promising.
not mindblowing, but promising.
yes!
the pasta itself was tasty, but the ravioli aspect didn't really work out.
lots of tearing.
: I want to c my friend
Ben Boudoctorau would simply like to have his professorssors call him by his name, but this is proving to be far more difficult than he envision
Lolol absolutely not
Im on my skateboooaaard.
Waitin on Ron Daaaawwg.
And then im gonna leeeaaaave and doctornk my face ooooffff :p
Starbucks cashiers give me odd looks when I only buy chocolatecovered graham crackers.
In my defense, THEY'RE COVERED IN CHOCOLATE.
UR welcome!
Thx for the follow back!
Credit card processing is not working at SmarTrip machines at Dupont Circle
I think you know who I am cheering for...
follow before she commits!22
Imma tell u 1 time boy i love boy i love u!
Who wants a phone call??
:D
DONE!
5,036 words, under the deadline, and out from my sick bed to do it!!
hope you get it together before its to late
Welcome to to the cap hill office!
Tonight's special  a bison buger with cheddar cheese, beer battered onion ring and blackberry bbq sauce, on a butter top brioche bun.
Check out Zen Blend off Slaughter Lane.
Very nice people and atmosphere.
www.zenblend.com
So excited I get to spend mothers day with my momma this year.
Instead of working.
3
is bringing the s'mores right?
Watch our very own on in about 5 minutes!!
ilookforward to making an impact on the world and improving life and conditions for every being in this conscious reality change the world!
Any New Birth members out there?
This weekend 
Krazy Karaoke on Young street according to Jason Jones...
what happend D:
Mayor Hancock: I want to thank Goodwill for standing in the gaps of this great city.
Realtors are making good money in the Energy Biz.
If ur a Realtor, why r u not offering Utility Savings to your clients?Call 16463979817
How do you keep your little ones active  healthy?
We want your tips for National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month.
it's amazing how many teams you can do that with.
And most feel right.
Weird combos for froyo taste the best
roommate left early.
all lonely
Maybe if they served customers  not themselves.
Ugh my Following to Follower ratio is way off.
MaddieCoxProblems cc:
haha I shush I'm sick
If that was just one episode of glee I dont think I can take the next.
JESUS WHY IS CHER LLOYD SO PERFECT
Does watching Tebow on Saturday night count for going to church on Sunday morning?
Check out for the latest on fitness, health/wellness  nutrition tips, events, the truth  more!!!
Wake  bake at the telly..
Goodmorning world, going over my performance  rehearsing my material, I'm looking forward to 2moro
It wins all the time...: Shit is about to hit the fan but I'm not backing down.
Kill'em with kindness right?
waiting for tomorrow morning so I can take of my holter monitor off
Passing 198 , sighs I miss my old days
Smith amp; Wesson: The original point and click interface
Saturday it's's supposed to be 88.
wooooohoooooo!
Rest in peace, Jim Formosa.
You were a giant in the field of distance learning.
ugh miss it!!!
I can never be close friends with someone if I can't insult them horribly and vice versa
Miami Heat are still my number one team.
They will take this series!
is that what you do between plantings?
tried, site not letting me upload photo, at least from iPad or phone.
Gave Andoctorw a work ticket.
According to my bank account, I spent the weekend in Illinois.
I wonder if I had fun...
Cruise like a Norwegian?
What, like Eric the Red?
Check out my professorle page  I uploaded a short interview I did with Deepak Chopra  Words of Wisdom for Job Seekers  great advice!
Need instructor to teach legal sales to account reps  vendors.
I love it!!!!
you are a great inspiration ;
Well, not as much as we'd like to!
But I'll see if I can ballpark it!
no call it after it goes halfway
When Deelishis from flavor of love start workin at Magic City?
Motorola Mobility planning to leave Libertyville?
Chicago Daily Herald
Turns out it is really hard to make BoomSchacht trend worldwide by myself, so please wish a happy birthday!
lol I was kidding, I'm sure you had it under control.
How come no one else showed for our friend's Celebration of Life today?
Because I was one week too early!
LOL ...
More haste, less speed.
Sitting on the deck, in the sun, reading Rock, Paper, Scissors: Game Theory for Everyday Life
SHOUT OUT TO AL OF MY 778 FOLLOWERS!
I LOVE YAL.
REAL SHYT.
FF I never FF so when I do you know I mean it.
Just added all the pics from the blood doctorve  THANK YOU for your donations!
www.facebook.com/amli535
Yes.
Marcum is great value
Year of the super hero movie, avengers is gonna be dope, new batman movie looks epic and that new trailer for the amazing spider man!
Woo
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Sometimes they are required to card anyone who looks younger than a geezer.
True story.
What is a geezer?
92?
LOL
ooh but u had fun?
: and nm haha im just tweeting
Pretty ironic...
Glad my work has been helpful!
Thanks...now I just need ideas on using good portion control.
Mark, it was so fun to meet you at DBC and discover your fab website.
Hope we meet again soon!
There are few words that can be as condescending as the word 'neat'
Is your mom white and dad black or is your mom black and your dad white?
Oh okay .
well dont touch my Prodigy !
i will cut you in yo doctorams lmfaooooo when you wake up imma be there lmfaooo.
yeah that's true last time it felt like burned grass ugh
Do it for your relationship but more importantly, do it for you
It's not my fault /3
Thanks boy
Thank : He is the one who did the awesome and hard job of pulling them all together.
my mentor in grad school, Bill doctormmond, used to say: Community is a word reporters use when they are being lazy
damn people who feel entitled to free tickets.
At least credit me when using my posts lol
So anyway I give up on the family tree.
80 first cousins is too much.
I call them all Abdallah.
Taxes Day!
My supplies: mountains of receipts, 1099's from about 30 employers,  a sea of postits spread across the floor.
Luke's: 1 laptop
I am working late Wednesday and Thursday this week
The words you say mean nothing, the way you say them means everything
Not about that baby cow life.
that track go hard .
Everything koolin out hea .
whats good with u shorty ?
RT if you love Niall Horan
I WILL FUCK ALL THESE BITCHES UP
Next week we welcome our 5th team to the NC JF office, how exciting and FABULOUS is that!?
Currently at the salon becoming a brunette
chillin at my gma house for the day
We're excited for our upcoming recruiting events!
The next one is this Thursday at 6:30 in Narragansett.
info:
everyone can be replaced
RT : Right.
What's on the screen can stimulate or provide background.
Yooo where are you at ???
We need some more music out here in haha!
How do I have friends?..
Thanks Nick!
awesome!
tweet me when you're hanging out at the property and I'll come say hello!
Hi new followers!
, , ,
CorrectionStephen Higgins will not be able to make it to Rochester for the Festival.
Apologies...
I hate ticks...first one in my pupy this year...the little nasty buggers
we woad until your mom fucked me over
If u fall ill be there:  from floor!
pretty impressive huh?
downright synergistic even ;
it was nice to meet you!
you're darling!
I am about to dismiss you so fucking bad!!!!!!!!
when I eat pussy my tongue never gets tired like Da energizerbunny it keeps going nd going nd going
True.
He wouldn't hurt him, though.
At shack in the wood's gettin ripped!!
Henny, Corona's laptop n lady on deck!!
Find me if u can Lil puppet !
!
Otp w/ the bae , watching 2012  eating a ham sandwich texting mf.s .
.
This a good ass night.
I know it's real OMS !
!
!
3
Location is manhattan.
Wave to hit AM or PM?
The story lists both.
Wow it's 66 degrees!
If this lady dont stop staring Im gonna have to say something
I will
Me and my mommy actually talking today :
miss you too sis..i'll be down that way in july though
Where do you apply?
Afternoon coffeeteaterrible night.
Don't do it no matter how excited you feel about your work.
Everytime I get a text or call I just hope it's you before I even look!!!
If you want new results you must take new action.
RT : sorry dooder doctornkandpissed It's cool man...
story of my Fandom......
followfriday I recommend that all social media folks follow  are building a resource worth checking out.
Has anyone seen the movie Black Swan?
I really loved it.
Tron is next on my list.
Is it any good?
looking forward to seeing you at the Youk's Kids event tonight!
My pal Dick Vacca will be launching his bookThe Boston Jazz Chronicles: Faces, Places, and Nightlife 19371962on Sunday at Wally's.
what's the best backlinking tool to use?
any advice?
Sort of the kind of thing you'd expect to read BEFORE filing a 10 BILLION IPO Facebook Must Work on Monetizing Mobile
I hate when i cant retweet ppl shit.
don't stop Burger Time!
That was an awesome game!
Big win for us.
6259.
o yea your hand writing is as bad as mister Sherman's
I will be singing at The Pizza Place Yonkers TONIGHT!
Come see us!
being a condescending judgemental ass is no way to live
Ouch I got a boo boo :
i saw a roach on the floor  it reminded me of you.
:
You put the idea I have been struggling with into words.
I want to teach w/ integrity...
fidelity to ideal, not system.
why should there be a compromise?
Paying your fair share is the compromise
You mean when the skies open and the first light of spring warms the earth?
RT The stillness in the Twitter air before Goe...
Trust Is Like A Mirror, You Can Fix It If Its Broken, But You Can Still See The Crack In Tht Mother Fucker's Reflection.
Lady Gaga
RT Going to NYC for chianti seminar tasting.
Any other winelovers going?
Plan on the tasting!
Also tasting Oregon 2day.
Why is 28 so backed up?
: Savannah smells like dead fish..
you get used to it.
Well I havnt been on here for a long time !
The unproductive is strong in this Jedi today
I Like you Logo  Twitter Background....
Did you design them?
Are you goingg?
11 more days of school left for this girll!!!
yo but for serious, we have many lil honkies, and I mean you can try but I would personally shit on ur face
please follow me  I am your great fan
Paint balling next week I can't wait!
Congrats to the Croatian Eagles  Coach Toth for the great run.
As they say, get 'em next year!
Do you want to go do karate in the garage?
They are hot!
Welcome to our new Twitter page!
Here at Sierra Fitness we're ready to connect with you online.
Fitness programs, latest classes.
Let's go!
All of the collaboration tools in the world won't help if organizations won't bother to actually communicate to one another....
Depends, what've you got?
Watching 's you're not alone video always makes me feel better 3
Happy mother's day to all the wonderful mothers, especially my amazing mama!
Bad NYPD.
No donut for you.
and with 5 minutes left, me and the other 2 uva dweebs dejectedly leave bar.
Rocks!
Looking forward to hearing his new music.
:
Justin Bieber Tops List Of Richest Teen Entertainers  MTV.com
I agree.
No JM boner from me yet ...
It's ColOmbia.
Huge
i'm familiar with OO.
looking for something geared more toward doc design.
thanks bro.
For the record, what you said on ESPN was spot on.
No need to clarify or apologize.
You are a true Lion.
thanks Tania.
hope to see you in Toronto soon
how r u beautiful???
Miss u tons....
Should meet up soon...
We've wrapped our main location, two of our actors, and most of our gear.
Tomorrow feels like pickup shots.
Things moving so well/fast!
nah your not though curious though who were your other picks though?
Loll excited
what a handsome dog
Great point by Trent Dilfer: Newly hired offensive asst Josh McDaniels will face the man he doctorfted while being the HC at Denver, Tim Tebow.
I love Texas.
One of my favorite places to go.
Ink...hmm.
Where and what style?
cool dude!
thanks for your support!
u rock like no other :P
Ms Davis funny Af
I would marry Harry
thanks so much!
Tell all your friends please : we need more people to vote too!
I sure wish will hurry back to ATL to paint my living room and bathroom!
Geez!!
stay strong bruh bruh yo's pops is with you though he's not there physically and you better treat that woman like a queen
.
Have you tried voice123.com?
Make a good demo.
The thing about voice over is that you can do it from anywhere!
You and me both!
3.5 days more of school...another week of paperwork, then SUMMERTIME!
It looks so cool!
Spartacus season finally so f' GOOD!!!!
god I can't wait to see that, afterwards I'm doctorving from the theatre straight to the gym
RT : Jordan Needs To Start Making Condoms, Maybe These Niggas Will Start Wearing Them
: Please back online poker.
Licensed U.S.based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated  age verified.
Thanks.
Good night
Hey ladies!
Thanks for the follow, I've always been a fan of your music :  Tiffany
Happy May Day!
Now where did I put that maypole?
How much is your PERSONAL INJURY competitor spending on TV ads this year?
Let US help YOU win on Google Search with PayPerClick!
I am really looking forward to seeing Robert Glasper in concert tomorrow!
We have a couple people that have been talking with us about it since the beginning.
But I will keep you updated
Just absolutely tore it up at the gym...
Bout to go die now!
Grindin.
We wanna to thanks for been here with us..
We love all of you..
share this great with ya friends and tell them our finest tea  TEApot
Oh my God, it's full of stars
Come get this tasty Tangerine Haze for only 25 an eighth and 175 an OZ.
That should warm your pockets and your brain up!
111144 you look pretty : and you wear red!
:D AWESOME
And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch:
a man As if there is just one.
In the US alone, I am one of 3 MILLION male rape survivors by the most narrow definition.
Did that for 4 years and ended up working 99 of the time that I was awake.
RT protip: home office
you deep sister.
i love your twits
We're at it again this Saturday!
We'll be dancing the the HOTTEST DJs in the Bay until the early morning !
The fun starts at 9pm.
Impressed with Nintendo; 3DS has a pedometer.
Carry it around and every 100 steps gives you a coins that you can spend in games.
So smart.
2 more weeks...
the real world reunion comes on tonight at 10pm on MTV and tomorrow is the new jersey shore at 10 pm on mtv
Sheep: A group of people who lack the capacity for careful consideration, imagination, or individual thought, who follow a group blindly.
Super Power 2 torrent I love you!!
Noope I'm not I got out of that today muahahaha
Coffee is not a beverage...
It's a moment of pleasure..ah
hey sis what's up.
RANDOM Random RANDOM!
lol im actin wierd 2day!
:B  Timmy Turner off of 'Fairly Odd Parents face
Just realized I'm rooting for the meteor in the TOROKC series.
Hated both teams to begin with and they eliminated my babies.
GO ICE CAPS.
RT if you would buy from 's shoe line!
Teacher Appreciation Prize for October is a 100 gift certificate to Amazon.
Enter the raffle at classtrips.com.
Congrats Seattle another record month for The trees and Frogs thanks you.
That's great news!
Congratulations!
Monday we are at The State Fair of Texas!
YEEE HAWWW can't wait!
God bless you.
I wish I could take back to Charlotte with me!
Definitely stocking up on treats before the doctorve home tomorrow.
How come you sometimes put the link at the beginning of the tweet?
Thanks!
RT : I really enjoy getting out of my office for a lunch respite SanDiego get food, doctornk, ambience
my source tells me you're a biter.
To give you an idea of how good my source is, let's just say the Associated Press goes to him.
Cool.
Thanks man
Bout to go in to my homie shit.
WE BOUT TO MAKE HITS BRO!
'Tis the season of giving!
Anyone interested in volunteering at a soup kitchen or other non professorts?
Let us know your interest!
No Jelena pictures, Justin unfollowed Selena on Instagram, then she deleted it.
Hope justy is ok.
Hey you are awesome!
Big Fan.
Cool.
Enjoy.
Nice!
Congrats!
I rarely say ''Justin Bieber,'' anymore.
I just call him ''Justin,'' and talk about him as if he's one of my best friends or family members.
What's worse is doctorving past a Crematorium and hoping the good smells are coming from the burger joint next door.
Gross.
Abrams, looking at a path where there are no tracks
RT : Q2 How do you educate your client on whats possible?
haha come to Memphis in may you can doctornk with me lol bye the keg full
I almost saw a fight to the death at Fenway in the upper deck.
Sox v.
Yanks of course.
lol no liar!
hey its been quite a while....
hahha
First guitar lesson tomorrow...nervous
Word!
Would you mind if I it on my blog with your info???
hows the healing process going?
Thanks to Bob Wikstrom from Jerden Records for coming by my Puget Sounds class and screening his film on NW rock, radio, and Louie Louie!
Hey gorgeous how u doin?
:
Tobias G.
Smollett Who bravely dares must sometimes risk a fall.
Lunch with the wife and trolls then off to show buyer
Hi you.
Long time.
Finished crosscountry trip yesterday.
Off to go take my French final!
Souhaitez moi bonne chance!
i know it had to effect the weight to.
iad be very surprised if it didnt.we will see in a couple of weeks
lol.
Thanks Simon.
Let me know and I'll be glad to help :
whatif we stopped feeding each others' addiction to political conflict and started making relationships with people we disagreed with?
We are the coolest cause we signed out names on the photo dark room
Rhodesian Ridgeback, Golden Retriever, or Black Lab?
You Hold The Key To My Heart
I have a head ache 
Trying to discuss the syntactic importance of twitter usage in relation to language evolution.
rt We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.Stacia Tauscher
Your smile puts the city lights to shame
have a Blessed strongstart everyone.
Iman forward a Humble Camp Studio now.
just sharing my first tweet with the world LOL...Blessed!!
It's worth it.
They always give me free swag for Sabi.
He got some water enzyme today for his breaf!
It's kickin lately!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
Now lets fuck shit up!
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!!
How did you get here ; Nobody's suppose to be here..
I tired that LOVE THING for the last time
Regular clouds  Super Moon
Just thinkin about what the future holds for me !
Is it me or is the world being extra annoying today?
Just got new plates for my car  SPTG KC.
It's ridiculous how excited I am that this wasn't already taken...
Just woke up from a nice lil nap...ah I feel strong again.
Last night!
But it's on ABC's website.
Love news alerts that announce when the announcement of an announcement will be announced
Here's to the kids who never gave up with the going got tough.
Just had some potentially great networking happen.
Woke up this morning to Trayvon coverage on the radio that was almost too much to bear.
But I got up anyway, time for a shower...
Half hour on the bike done...
On to the tredmill
Heyy butt head
Now that the holiday season is over I can start thinking about seeing some live music in 2011.
Any concert suggestions?
If you fart in the forest and there is none to smell it, are you wrong?.
thanks!
there was no muppet dancing this time around.
I was trying to be serious so I did impressions of my cats instead :
The quarterlife crisis is definatley real!
The 4 girls blogging  stratejoy.com make that very apparent!
Haha check it out!
:
Big storms heading our way..another big hole in the state budget..and blake Haxton speaks out for the first time..all starting at 5 on 10TV!
You're too gorgeous to be single.
youre too ugly to be flirting with me.
Just finished up a few tweaks on my new track!
Another one finished
Got a spam email the word Cockzilla in it.
Can't decide what I dislike more about my coworkers laziness or incompetence.
Alex at Prison Planet talks with Russell Blaylock, MD, a nationally recognized boardcertified neurosurgeon  our author...
As cool as it going to get.
Im good though.
I'm sorry for some reason I assumed Prius had clocks..
William Hutton The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds ceases to be charity and is only pride and ostentation.
Who's the probable pitchers for the Braves this weekend in Cincy?
RT : Visiting today, just launched the greenest cup  carried 
If you want some tips on starting a group, I'm happy to share.
doctorp me a DM with our email addoctorss.
I forget that I'm a crazy person With doctorams and aspirations and crazy stalkers.
We're a huge fan of Retronaut too.
Such great photos.
Welcome back!
So glad you found me on here!
Austin, TX makes Forbes: 10 Best Cities For Weekend Vacations: onforb.es/qbsRvA Or stay awhile!
SolarWinds Job Opportunities: bit.ly/iDJpL0
I can say, seriously, that I adore city college because it reminds me of soviet dayseuro universities.
Cheap student food, bureaucracy.
did u get it can u do it now
my dance flow my dance flow Packed like a mug My dance flow my dance flow where thugs cut the rug  ray Dio
I'd be happy if you just wrote more.
:
Darlin wont you ease my worried mind
freaky girl!
Who ever said this was a good idea is just crazy!!
Worst fashion statement ever why don't you just wear shoes what's the point!!!
3 down, 3 to go!
group project, exam, and two papers left.
: Twins GM Terry Ryan has an interest in bringing back Matt Capps.
What would be a fair price?
can he pay us?
it happens.
RT : I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..
put away the pink ribbons...
Hear!
Hear!
it's black and white.
We would be happy to host.
Nice tease.
Now I gotta watch the news later to see if I can spot the spot ;
Hey!
Life is good I'm really happy And blessed!
RT : whas good witcha?
i know you're welcoming back our nice weather
expowest was really fun and informative.
We got the opportunity to learn more about
thoughtsduringoralsex Omfg does that taste like fritos bbq chips?!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Buddy Hackett
Rio AllSuite Hotel and Casino myvegaspeople.com/ourservices/c via rates starting  55 Limited time offer book your rooms now
Those cocky bitches in Syracuse deserved to lose.
Nice job Buckeyes
I just have an anxiety disorder..theres a lot of things wrong with my brain haha!
whatevs tho.
it give me character.
Sure thing!
:
Over 1K ppl now watching the SAGAFTRA merger announcement live stream so far!
Wowza.
Dear Paul, looking for someone to build me a purely HTML5 ecommerce site in the vein of three.js, any ideas.
last time raw was at msg security didn't let punk in cuz they had no idea who he was LOL.
never happen to
Rapping to Mac Miller while Bailey is throwing a tantrum :
Hispanics are gonna go crazy when don francisco dies
I wish we had daylight savings time everyday.
Looks like we are tracking over 500 data attributes over 14 data types..
very nice.
favorite pie flavor?!: lmao
So Lafayette...
See you soon.
lol : keep your negative ass in the house
The bigger the bill the harder you ball.
Yes I Do!
Kind of took a little break from it but I'm getting back into it :
If Mike WiLL Made It, then I like it 
Sending good luck your way!!!
Gaddafi blamed protests on: doctorgged youths, paid rats and agents, Americans, fundamentalists, and greasy rats and cats.
dude too many ppl follow me on here to start naming names.
Look around though and you'll find them!!
Amazed me.
You've got a baby, that should trump all reasons.
I wouldn't sweat it.
We all know that collegerules go
i do seriously
Trying to make it in this industry is a nonstop work ethic and I'm so down for the challenge!
Which one is your home boy?
Commercial just aired in NY
just because she humped your leg.
One time!
Hey you!
Bonjour
ThatOnePersonInSchool that makes coming to school worth it 
What I wish to tell my professorssor, in Shakespearean fashion, with regards to my term paper: I am not bound to please thee with my answer.
Folks well west and and north of town can expect measurable accumulations on the order of 13 inches.
Seriously between amendment 1 and the flyers I am like oO
Must keep in the loop for tomorrows events
Extra Strength Gold Bond: the best decision you'll make all day.

I want people to know I'm a christian, not by what I say, but by my actions.
Actions Speak louder than words.
Markets are up big....We think CRWV is toppy for those who have not exited.
New ideas coming up.......making money today!
.
Thank you, thank you!
Chag pesach sameach, to you all, too!
Those Zimmermans never stood a chance.
Good morning freezing coldness!
Like where is spring ?
RT : Rappers are always like You can't see me but I've seen all of them all over MTV and BET like every day.
This is it , this summer is going to be MY summer , time to succeed with what I most want in my life !
Duke is OUT in second round!!!!!!!
Who hooooo!!
Knock Knock, Who dare?
Deez, Nuts In Your Face.
lol your spanish is terrible
Energy?
Talk Boxers...
Not a word!
But energy's required!
Border Collies?
love labs, extroverts love German Sheps!
great chatting with you last night!
Good luck with the kitchen.
LIKE LIKE LIKE!
Try that link again: www.facebook/MeghanYoga
writing a competitive analysis for a nwindiana client quote fueled by Journey, Starbucks  of course, good research methodology!
yes..
LOVE!
Then there are the tripledoubles!
thank you!
good you??
Excitedly waiting to see Rachel at her DC booksigning!!
Back to school Life!!!
Enjoyed my time off...
happy post turkey, everyone!
Walker Rebate Wednesday on a beautiful day!
Walk, ride your bike or take the bus to VIA today, and get 20 off your bill!
82 of official watch party thinks Romney will be the GOP candidate
Yes!
Heal up!
RT : Long day.
Surgery went well now it's time to get back 100.
hey we'd love to be part of this, what's a contact email we can reach you at?
Hahahahahaha!
True.
The internet IS dirty.
RT : Why doesn't Wikipedia want us to use SOAP anymore.
The internet is dirty.
Your come from the dentist with your teeth lookin all good  shit but then your stomach starts growling cause your hungry af  man 
oh em gee what does it say?
stay...?
i bet you won't!
haha
Are you at home most days these days?
Receiving visitors?
sweet!
thanks, ginny!
Dollar and a doctoram is my heart on a disc.
I have been preparing for it for almost 3 decades.
Support the doctoram and buy a copy
LOL emily damn backpacks!
its just not worth the pain!
giant bags FTW
I forget her name but she was the one accused of stalking her by a few people on twitter and she told them to piss off.
Spending peaceful day at home writing my heart out, my thoughts are flowing.
It's like God is whispering in my ear.
My thoughts r beyond me
Steak always sounds good!
Rough week for the Rays...
Tough competition having to play the Yanks, and O's on the road, in consecutive series.
Mailed my COBRA check...
y'ouch...!
I certainly would wear this.
It's a fantastic rainshield, too
More Classics from Arcania coming up !
show is finding way to refine the process n link ar sites together Magic Mike the host is going to that movie character a run for it cash
wow!
So cool!
What a blessing it is to do things God's way :
I'm really in the mood to watch a good soccer game...
Help a girl out?
I read that a few years back.
Fascinating read,  shows much more about her than any biography.
idk something on your mind?
Maybe you didn't finish your hw!!
I had nothing to look forward to tomorrow, then I realized is going to be on 106 and park tomorrow...my day has been made, already!
Someone please tell me what channel ABDC comes in UK!!!!!!!
Sometimes u just have to break the rules for fun :
I  you too girl.
RT : I love youu 
6th grade me: i will never smoke weed in my life 12th grade me: bruh
Well we would have stayed awake if your class wasn't a bunch of brats on the trip
I am not joking when I say that I have become a Nebraska Fan.
Today's events are just embarrassing.
Good morning!
If you're in the Vegas area, how did your dogs do with the thunder and lightning last night?
OH: Because let's face it, hunting criminals is always in season.
I hate fb because everytime i get online on an actual computer its always the same ppl online to chat.
Don't wanna talk to you.
lol
diggin' the record, man.
Stay Focused even you get derailed.
Just get back on Track and reach your Destination.
me, Edgar Ribon just now...
When you need to call back and CONTINUE your voicemail on a 2nd message...you've talked too much.
Get to the point already.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
omfg you're too freaking funni.
Stop.
in the process of moving, so most of my time is spent at work or packing
everyone has like edited photos and shit on twitter, my just a picture of me...
One Minnesota team down, one to go.
Good job Bucky.
lol I will so make it on my bucket list  but we all have to do really fun things
As you fall asleep tonight, doctoram in boldness and wake up with a cando attitude
olive garden with the  partial  family 3 yumfood .
Sugar Ray just came on in the gym.
Remember when we used to buy cds?
I don't.
is the only surviving one left.
everyone else left sick.
today I learned about imjin waeran.
Who is going to be our number 200?
Just saw Cowboys  Aliens.
Good Flick.
Way deep.
A friend noted that Firefly/Serenity was essentially cowboys in space.
I need The Fault in Our Stars.
Tumblr is down or something?
Oh noes.
: yeah, me too
The Heat are pretty good though.
Thank goodness justins performance was ahMazing he looked so fucking gorgeous  his performance was great!!!3
Linecutters are the worst
Put the whip down and back away.
Self flogging should be reserved for, well, characters in a Dan Brown novel.
lol
Michael Jackson died.
Just followes a bunch of people from twitter who followed me on INSTAGRAM!
Thanks :sstevenson503 on INSTAGRAM for those who want to follow!
Closing at 1pm: Boscobel, Fennimore, Highland, IowaGrant, Lancaster  River Ridge Schools.
Closing at 2pm: Columbus Schools
I liked it!
Amazing sets.
You will love all the references to the TV show.
And watch the crowd coming to the party...
that should be a tshirt
Shout out to for putting they Purple Patna in rotation
rather old smoked salmon, raisin bran, and strawberry yogurt  go!
Hopefully not here though!
whatmymomdoes RT : In the UK, the art of court reporting faces its final sentence...
People say its wrong to be Sprung but its not wrong if you both love each other the same way and they ain't dwagin you like you ain't shit.
UPDATED: CLP still working to restore power in Uncasville
There is a latent disagreement between Vest and Gutmann re: funding pressures  will it be made explicit?
so is mine so you two are safe...
Called to cancel and Geico offered to credit me 900 if I stayed.
I thought they were dumb.
Now I'm realizing they're brilliant.
ThisChristmas is gonna be the best.
Living near a synagogue with only onstreet parking is great: on Saturdays I get to avoid the gym by carrying groceries three blocks uphill.
Yep my baby brother is 18?!?!
Ah!!!!
HAPPY BIRFFFDAYYYYYY!!!!
Xoxoxoxo!!!
Love you!!!
I counted said it 100 times RT : Count on how any times has said Cavs' ball!
this game: 3.
Is anyone else out there using Memberfuse for their association's community platform?
5 second violation  Tech ball
We have the first streets clue!
The street is named after one of the five boroughs.
I should go to Bees tonight..
Trevor Jude Smith: Ruining good times since before he was born.
when ii woke up this morning  ii forgot to give a fck
Hello all you Farmer's out there, stop on by tomorrow for any two top shelf grams for a 30 donation.
Goodnight.
RT : ...
Well..
At least there is college hockey!
Come down to tonight for free superfan tees!
almost to pennsylvania!
Wweee
Uh oh.
A Walk to Remember just came on abc family.
I think I'll have to watch it.
favoritemovie 
Even in this early stage, I still like it more than the Gmail app.
Not a hard thing to accomplish but still...
my phones almost dead already :
why thank you :
wait what?
if you had 24 hours with me , what should we do ?
Kel does.
He really really really really dooes.
See you all in Ft.
Lauderdale!
Really sorry, events have been canceled for this weekend.
Too many legal issues!
Hopefully new stuff in the near future!
Keep talking shit slut u and your 57 followers,U don't know shit about anything.Make your time useful suck a dick
yum I miss in and out burger all the time
Time wins Magazine of the Year
Meryl Streep is the best!!!
His story is that he is officially retired.
But will there be glowinthedark insanity?
RT The Oscars are just the Mom Slam Dunk Contest.
I'll be at Inkwood Books, 216 S Armenia, Tampa, Monday evening.
Reading's at 6, reception/celebration of MAGPIES Fla Bk Award at 5:30.
Hello world!
This is Joe Stanfa.
Spending my day trying to climb my way out of a pile of mail and school papers.
It's PERSONALIZED JERSEY FRIDAY!!
: Yepp you can register to win a PERSONALIZED Ryan Braun jersey!
Just stop in today before 5pm!
MentionYourCrush  yeah, that's her name!
Hey janimal!
I'm gonna text you at midnight tonite
Distance learning models w/u of mn presenters.
The ball lied
OT is a big need for the Lions and riff was supposed to go 20 spots higher.
I love Peter Hernandez!!
: RT if you knew that was Bruno Mars real name :
RT : A few spaces left in the Digital Audio and Digital Preservation Workshop on Friday
So Why The Fuck You Acting Like Your Country?
Love you BFF!!
So Colston decides to play football after my FF season is over.
It would have to be Thursday
say what
As moderator id like to make a rule change RT : No..Ugh RT do u get pts for having kane in otl preshow?
GoPicnic featured in Everyday with in July/Aug issue  can't wait!
Thx
RT RT Authentic leaders don't force compliance, they earn commitment.
what you are a strange boy.
Next panel: John Kneuer, Jim Kohlenberger, Election Year Debate: Alternative Visions for 2012 and Beyond.
New rule: no priority for Scarlet unless you are here  Jim
Have a Product Launch?
will provide the exposure you need!
We produce speciality events to cater to your needs DM us for info
Smiles from the whole panel when working with data and mobile providers was mentioned.
You offer FREEBEER but when you ask someone what kind of beer they like and they say BudLight how the hell do you respond to that?
Watch Basketball Wives Season 4 Episode 1
we have table now, ordering doctornks.
Please join us!
Omw to school
Nice!RT : too real for these niggas I fucks wit her
SFR is participating in Service Day today!
We're reading to childoctorn at Jumpstart 
don't be a hater
bro what's good
ihateitwhen people make me feel dependent
thanks James!
We're excited about it as well
Wish i was tall enough
Girl ask kid Whats Love?
Kid: Love Is When A Puppy Licks Your Face I laughed but then he said: Even After U Left Him Alone All Day.
come on man.
That was so 47 seconds ago.
:
Great interview !
Thank you for sharing your passion.
i love that you posted this, , and i love that you retweeted this, i agree on both!
can't believe you cut your long hair!!
Attorney for Frank Jude tells us today he's troubled by the video of a police officer hitting a doctornk doctorver on the head.
wait what?
Only 14 performances left of Curse Of The Starving Class at The Open Fist in Hollywood.
Fri/Sat 8pm, Sun 2pm.
Backstage Critic's Pick!
o ok that's wassup lucky u lol
are you on 10.10?
have you used UbuntoOne?
Stop by Firehook Bakery  Coffee House for some great Breakfast fare!!!
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
can't forget them lol
NASI Board Chair introducing doctor Westen for keynote on Messaging socialinsurance: Reframing the debate,
Breaking news: single man responsible for all the evil in the world has been killed.
All of world's problems now solved.
Return to work.
Thanks for coming out to on Tuesday night to sing and hang with me and !
Yo we hope so, bring the team RT :If im in Richmond next weekend I def want to be at the mansion.
: miss y'all!!!
Justin Nozuka  political science papers  patience  one more month left.
Stinking snow is keeping me at home : No Hawkey today.
Come on boys, beat some TriCity butt for me, I'll be watching on the internet
Going to bed early today: ain't feeling good
yeah...
bout to change my password
Blackout Kim.
do I know you?
moon boots.
Kid cudi man on the moon
Any working parents who need something educational for their childoctorn to do during the summer...check out LELC's Summer Day Camp
Theirs to many but my favorite was, when you guys were headed to the club, and Snook's was doctorveing i was like OMG!
is this legal
One Month Today!:
Nah we bussed.
Mission Valley UT RT : Hello friends.
I'm trying to demonstrate the power and reach of Twitter.
Will you please respond and say
Nah i can't remember.
But i think it was a blue ray disc lol can't remember
that depends on the construction material
noo just that one time :
Borgman: Beware of Chris Anderson theory that now we have data, we don't need theory.
Need catering?
We cater events of up to 1,000 people!
10 percent off for new customer orders.
Call today!
614891ACME.
People who talk really slow
Off to my second class.
Another presentation on the proper use of punctuation.
Wow!
Where do you get this shit?RT Orioles SS Cal Ripken Jr never missed a game in 16 years.
He played in 2632 consec games.
I'm watching Harry Potter right now...
it's been a while :O
Thanks!
Starting Dead End tomorrow.
It is on my sofa table waiting:
Dear Americans: Remember why you voted D in '08?
Nothing has changed.
If you vote R, you'll get disaster again.
Just sayin' ...
Your welcome I can't respond to your DM if your not following me.
last night was.
So much fun so many doctornks people people on doctorgs.
people.
Hitting on me
I'm on my fuck that bitch shit ,
Eating pumpkin bread and watching HOA with in it?
Great Monday night :
OccupyWallSt solidarity from Madison wiunion, folks!
FF Thanks for the shout out!
Happy Friday.
this market has a huge shortage in people who can do industrial/commercial HVAC
truth is a liquid not a solid Jeannette Walls
I would never yell at you
Baltimore has been amazing so far cigs,suds,friends what else could you ask for.
Watching bridesmaids !
LOVE this movie :
I'm too old to watch Bieber, I feel dirty.
LOL because I just shouted myself out...Opps
The international arrivals area of any major airport gets me every time.
FINE.
I'll shut up.
It's chili time!
We are down in the Keys at the Florida State Chili Cookoff.
Yee haw!
See ya on the dance floor!
Aint got a text from her Bside .........
Congrats to you!
Started it this week but the ambien gets in the way!
Thanks for ereaders to start again.
:
Which one is you?
I'm loving it.
Doing groovy and grails using Intelli J as my IDE.
hahaha thats what happens when u stay at ben davis to long!!
lmao
Leftover SuperBowl cupcakes are finally gone!
Now back to the healthy wagon and workouttime!!
Tons of NHL Playoff react here WWW.ussportspages.com
merry christmas everyone
Awesome!
That was so funny and you look great!
Very insightful.
Have fun this weekend!
Happy Hump day Farragut!
PIERRE is heading your way today!
Stay hungry my friends!
Thanks.
I will grab a copy from amazon.
I miss christopher
ah who cares gat a transfer!!
Alot of students have trasfers plz!
We miss u!
Dear Twitter.
Can I change my professorle pic?
Good for Jeff.
Hope he stays healthy and has been doing his exercises.
I think I need to have more dinner partys just for the tablescapes to many ideas!
y'all better swang tonight!
The only reason that I enjoy going to Wal Mart is that I can go to the electronics and take the Nickelback CDs and secretly hide them all.
Like Obama.I would support safe domestic doctorlling as a means 2 a end,with a goal of moving completely 2 Alt srces.
Wow.
Great story on Junior Seau in the last few tweets from
It is still a very pretty day.
New snow.
MCTS MKE.
Watched Hall of Fame game last night, weird seeing T.O.
in a Bengals uni...
whoa!
continuation feature Sad to think how innovative simply continuing your existing game was back then.
Loved Contra though
Today is my last full day here in panamacity off to zip line in the rain forest and check out the
re: Hunger Games  they left some pretty pivotal plot stuff out, but the cast did an excellent job  it was very enjoyable.
Great!
So u have steriographic hi fi?
Hey, is that a race joke?
yeah see I got my back up on this
Thank you!
I am really looking forward to it!
After watching Never Say Never I must say...I have soo much respect for :
That tripel Belgium is the same kind I brew.
How is your trip going?
We had a great time on our little San Fran tour last fall.
No 3g if you can connect thru phone, otherwise yes.
I can't and use 3g on iPad all the time.
I love when people you hate for no reason give you a reason to hate them.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
UP TO 65 OFF!!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Yup.
Mainly because you haven't realized yet then when you pose for a picture, you have to be still.
get the fuck off my TL with that.
Go
your commercial played while I was watching TV on Hulu!
I've been sleeping so poorly that I feel like I might be dying.
This is not the jet ski gun fight with bank robbers I thought would end me.
Getting an iphone....oh my god.3
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad When she sees a white girl with a black guy!
mOney oN MY mInd Im sEeinG dollaR siGns so onCe i toUch dOwn kAnt wasTe no time FULLTIMEGRIND !!!
Become a Political Advertising Intern w/ Google  cover the presidential campaign this summer/fall.
Apply on AUCareerWeb today.
Happy Friday DC!
Stop by LiLLiES in Woodley Park for our sandwich and side salad 7 Lunch Special!
nice to meet you too :
Sidenote: FB's collating related updates suggests that I want to know about Easter more than I want to know what individuals are doing.
Dumb
PARTY FOUL WAS MADD FUN!!!
THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT!!
CHEERS!!
Between viral meningitis, flu/pneumonia  heart conditions, we're keeping the hospitals in business!
cc:
I need to get the second book too!
Once the semester starts having a book club on the side is going to get crazy.
RT : cain status official: Piers Morgan Tonight: GOP frontrunner Herman Cain for the hourTonight at 9pm
I know plus he said great things about the city even after e left
are ratings down?
I smell HYPE.
I am a WORLD guy...
So, I might as well just be EVERYWHERE in the WORLD, right?
There is nothing like waking up with God and communing with Him
You come highly recommended!
meiss my balls are on the floor.
I swear if they get back together i'm going to shoot myself......
i didnt know steve kerr returned to the NBA oh thats kyle korver my b'
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over
thanks Sarah
I don't understand.
Is the UFC part dance competition now?.
My friend Edward said he will come to my party,but only if it's a bikini party.
Good thing I have a pool.
i feel ya, try to keep your head up and keep cool and calm, I know sometimes it can be hard but it's good natural medicine!
Happy Happy Birthday !
Niggas that be in doctorma Bitch Made Ass Niggas All on Twitter and Face Book Arguing Leave that for the Females if Anything....
Not sure.
You heading to DC anytime soon?
At the same damn time
nigglets try to get me a souviener on sat please since i wont be able to make it?: 
I am!
RT : Don't let anyone tell u your years of sacrifice to fix our city hasn't reaped dividends.
San Diegans should be proud.
Sometimes I feel bad for hoes bc they get trashed on Twitter too much....but they do it to themselves Fuck em
as long as you don't stop saying 'cheers' to people as a 'thank you', it balances out.
Why does it gotta be like this?
Tmobile ad: festival of 4G or Festival of Orgy
is still broadcasting :  working on some intern applications this week and some scholarship stuff.
hoping to b done nxt spring
Poor kid.
I'd be fussy too if my entertainment was fucking bible stories.
Brainwashed little shit.
I had to unfollow her ass and her spam ass account
Wish I didn't have practice tonight :/ uggghhh
: PS when are we having brunch and your actually showing up?
calledout cc
RT : UNION CAB in Madison gives free rides to the polls today.
6082422000.
Let others know!
There's alot of talk about change, but very little is usually accomplished.
Change has to start at the top, and it has to mean something.
grins hope some of your students thank you today for all you do to help them write and think well!
Charlotte in the morning!!
Day 42 of 100: I am thankful for great memories.
RT : ff Cool videos for learning to sing, go to see the advices of those teachers 
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC.
FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS!
STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT!
ENTER FREE VALENTINES doctorWING!
CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY XOXO
Wishing I could teleport to Indy.
Three hours in the car seems like torture right now.
thanks for the follow  looking forward to following your tweets!!
I agree with all the clichéd writing tips except the one about avoiding adverbs.
I don't get that.
FUCK BITCHES, GET TICKETS!
Take that fannypack off.
you look like a carnie
Check out my
Kinda leaning towards sleep  bitches but the fact that I'm working all day tomorrow makes me feel like I should go out.
UGH.
Check out Trinity's Local Community Magazine...www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com.
essentially it is probably a way that your employer wants to track your progress.
some do it by asking employees to outline
Happy MothersDay to my caring, wise, funny, generous mom  thank you for all of your love  support, I love you!
: On twitter instead of sleeping...YOLO this is me everyday tho
We give our childoctorn two things.
One is roots, and the other is wings.
have a wonderful day miss you
So rocked after the marathon that was timelapse but so validated!!
Seeing the work send my clients into a tizzy was worth it all :
Thx for art love this week!
COM's longtime softball team 'Outnumbered' is in the championship tonight!
Hoping to bring one home to 640 Comm Ave!
mythoughtsatschool alright how can i take a nap in this class and still make it look like I'm paying attention...
The best thing about living in the country is......
Waking up and finding a snapping turtle the size of a dog in your yard
it's offset by crappy Russian goalie
Don't miss Washington office update!
Happening now DCC C146.
How close was vote?
RT : Get rid of ppl who are bad 4 u..
Its not being heartless its jus using ur heart...
LESS
Happy Mother's Day everyone from all of us here at GalTime!
We hope you have an amazing day!
Hardship tends to unify.
Colin Farrell
i should write a book about all the weird prospective roommates i have found on
Also sat by ?uestlove and Fab Five Freddy, since last night; YES!
Just finished filming with my story Austin!
Hope you can see it soon!
Happy National High Five Day!
Here's a high five from Yext!
Goodluck with househunting.
I wanted to shoot my foot after seeing 4.
It's a daunting task.
The Full Obituary from Whitney Houstons Funeral
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
thanks for the favoriting.
are they really remaking teen wolf?
not that I have a dog in this fight
The people in my creative writing class said that the only thing wrong with my story was that they didn't want it to end ;D
Basketball is a game of runs.
It's how long your runs are and how quickly you can stop your opponent's runs.
No...I do not have an iPhone and I'm still breathing and in touch with the modern world.
Look mom, no polka dots!
Lol.
I went shopping with mom, and made cake pops with niece today.
The holidays  quality time with the fam.
Love it.
Happy Thanksgiving!
i dont know i just hope she'll let me meet her .
Benefit goers of the American Songbook Project Name that Tune find it fun!
bit.ly/tm1hvM fb.me/18pfGic73
How do you read about historical debates over imperialism and immigration and not ask what people think of them,
But Can i Get a Dance..maybe a little lovin..
you forgot to say dont lie now you will never know the truth
I'm trying to get a casa Bonita date going with Rojas, 3 way?

Great selection this morning ..
Carol Maso's gorgeous Mother  Child begins w/ bats streaming from a tree  mother aiding daughter in a doctoramlike transformation.
wassup wit my guy everything good
commercials on pandora
Transportation From Fort Lauderdale to Miami Beach for 65.
In a lincoln towncar for 3 passangers
man I wish we could of linked up when I was in LA we could of def terrorized that city haha
Always!!
Might just be a doctorve down and instantly come right back!?
Will you wish your fellow Paladin  friend of mine happy bday tonight at your show?
She graduates FU next week!
Just watched a duck protecting her ducklings from an eagle attack.
Maggie's comment: I don't like eagles so much anymore.
When you reread a classic, you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before.
Clifton Fadiman
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you.
Never excuse yourself.
We must be careful with new technology.
I see too many teams moving towards mobile solutions without proper analysis.
Cart before the horse!
RT : UC San Diego breast cancer expert doctor Barbara Parker takes questions at our  Power Party booth Sunday...
I am in a New York state of mind right now.
GO
re: tuition.
I'm finding that not a lot of lib students researched tuition ranges before signing up for their programs.
Being single: people trying to cure you of a sickness you didn't realize you have.
i love best friend lesbian time.
.
.2 vaginas one dildo
My phones screen went out again.
123 every iconiac has a chance to meet the boyz just don't give up don't never say never remember that word!!
IB: MIKEY
Isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
Some intense UK battling as England narrowly edges Scotland 127.
Okay i followed u
Just abit tired lol, im gonna head off to bed : Goodnight3
lol sounds like how i was doing my mom a sec ago :
thx for the mentions!
Haha!
I love that you're pretty much always available!
Any update on Bad Dog?
Do you know a nonprofessort who could benefit from DonorPro's technology?
Refer them  earn a donation to your organization...
Just don't let it be me!!
Kenny!
You changed your from.
Noideaifthatmatters.
if you're not already, follow for fascinating twitter journalism
Well I don't know if it is the finest museum in the world, but it is certainly NOT number 2  Debra Dean quoting a worker at Hermitage
jc I love you and I know the money wasn't for you people shouldn't have done what they did ..
Hope you are alright !!
I told gotti too come too the party , but he had too do a show.
LOL
Mobile Adventurer Endorses The Ride!
Big Time!
kyderby, kyoaks fans, May the 4th be with you!
And Jesus can doctorve and operate the hose!
this is grounds for dismissal!!!
After sitting there, it's going to be hard to go to a game and sit anywhere else.
thanks girl!
A study says you can solve problems more efficiently with a beer or two.
I'm going to test this with some St.
Arnolds and Starcraft
My Mom is in full on packing mode.
We're all ready for this trip to start.
It's gonna feel weird leaving in the afternoon for once
Trying to read Paradise Plundered and think but my ears are being subjected to TRIUMPHANT music because someone is getting married across me
hey its all part of my process !
lol...
that's the most mingblowingly cynically true thing i've heard all day.
Sync your Twitter and your Kuento professorle and any tweet tagged kuento will show up in your professorle!
Oh Ah!
excellent.
Let me know when you're back and free :
Lol it's almost like in our minds it's the superior race to not refer to white people.
I wonder if blacks think the same,ya know?
However, J has had 8 consecutive days w/out tantrums at home n at school until this morning
congrats anthony!
what's your new title?
I wish i wasn't single.: /3
you ARE inspirational
Loves when the date has all ones!
10/11/11
I hate when liars do their thing.
Which is Lie
Shit the terminal says when it truncates competitiveanalysis at just the right spot.
Glad you liked it, there's some interesting stuff in there...
that makes two of us
Movin slow off the syrup like a sick snail
Yooo!
You're a hard working dude!
I respect that!
Ew.
I just heard my mom fangirling over Shades of Gray or whatever.
EW
together could never be close enough for me to feel like I'm close enough to you.
he was at UNC.
maybe just another form of pandering?
THAT is pretty cool!!!!Actually it's the coolest thing I've seen in my social media career so far.
You are
see you tomorrow for a postwork cocktail hh?
Why is it so cold??
That is true.
Super annoying.
Miley Can You Accept My Skype Request and Follow Me
We are proud to partner with you!
Hesselbein Ambassador
I can't tell you why I feel the way I do.
you change boyfriends more than you take showers..
when u have 4 minutes to get to the bus and your essay finally prints
bo the colts will be back
NOW RobertShiller speaks at Princeton ThinkingAloud series abt new book FINANCE  THE NEW SOCIETY  more
YOU'LL JINX IT!
your cute c;
I can't wait to see Dean Ambrose debut!
Good call.
RT So 80 of Pinterest users are female.
I'm sure men will go there soon because of that :
I'm sure.
We should start a new hashtag.
thingsidontwanttoknow LOL!!
you should fill in the combined weight of both dumbbells if you're doing 35's, enter 70.
We'll soon clarify this in the UI.
Tell me what to order today.
I'm like putty in your hands!
I can't wait for to release Ruby!
Thanks for the follow Steve.
Let us know if we can help.
About how many hours is the internship?
PickUp line: Have you seen my enormous jar of Penis Reducing Cream?
Idnt even know !
...As a guide and mentor, it is my goal to help students take an active role in the learning process.
Nancy Goldfarb IUPUI English Dept
WE PROTECT SELENA
Disneysongsstuck in my head
everythings good sis just taking it easy
Gotta head out a bit early, sorry...working on some stuff at the moment gotta finish so I can be organized
But I have a color class today,,, yay!.
I would never let anyone else call me that.
Lori.
hugs.
As someone who also almost went that route...I understand.
Happy SundayFunday from the !
Yay, it's our Chicken Fried Steak, a Texas classic SXSW!
Waiting for Contraband to start.
this girl right her...
Is the most amazing Best Friend a girl like me could ever ask for3 love u :
Might be time for my hair to change...It's hard to code with a cold head.
OF Course who wouldn't attach to Beauty Power and Talent!
Stay Strong Sistah!
I told you, I just like the song.
:3
haha and what would the lifeboats be for?
Headed to Boston!
just finished the i dont like vid shoot w/ and fb leisurestylist ;
: no cappuccino today??
: lol no lol just Orange Juice lol feeling a little under the weather
what's up?
I think I'd rather be dead than listening to mister caldwell.
just sayin.
In the mood to tag.
:/
Sometimes, when I'm feeling low, I go swimming in my book vault, like McDuck did with his coins.
It's refreshing.
Try it.
A true fan of isnt about whos got the most posters, who knows everything bout them its about who sticks with them throught.
WE WANT AN 8HOUR CICLAVIA!
RT IF YOU WANT IT!!!!
We are just about fully booked for the rest of 2012!
Contact us now if you have an inclination to work with us...
idk what that us but ok I I'll go because it's you lol.
hope you guys are all having fun over there.
From the looks of the pics, you certainly are!
Take care guys!
Haha I feel ya guys.
I gave up alcohol, sugar, and anything fried the 1st of this month.
I hear ya!
I pulled off 3 websites in 3 days...
pretty intense even for me.
Overdoctorve?
More like warpdoctorve!
:
Grandpa Pervis should get his own show  Nothing like watching an old man get his diaper changed
Grace Period is a non professort aimed at helping teenage boys and girls in the urban areas of Washington, DC  Kingston, Jamaica.
McBain changed the paternity of the baby simply by gazing soulfully into Sam's eyes.
:
And we love you back!
Oh God, Father, Son, and Spirit God, Thank you for showing the way in your law and your Sabbath.
agree.
only detroit is the team i can think of for years that are consistant.
look at the cards in baseball last year.
so nice to meet you too and put a face and voice to the name :
Like a Laser?...
Really?...Three letters...J.O.B.S Hoping for a change in the unemployment rate, looks hopeless.
Nice work Ace.
To move the needle, Need to start local, but also link to broader issue/context socioecological model
Dear we are out of toilet paper.
Sad that this is the best way of letting you know.
Family Day Trip?
Come to Scottsville!
We are located right next to Dorrier Park  we have Four Kids Fudge  oh, man, you all will LOVE it!

Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
John F.
Kennedy
so on the last episode of QViva spoke spanish a lot...and she sounded GREAT!!!!
LookAtYouGirl !!
Gotta run your credit just to bring my name up
: Join OpenAustin at City Hall tomorrow at 5:45pm for Austin Chronicle photo shoot...retweet from Facebook blast.
Refuse to Choose  Barbara Sher!!!
The Renaissance Soul  Margaret Lobenstine!!!
Both are lifechanging!
I hate wen nigga try to
The secret to being right, is to be willing to be wrong  understanding wrong is never fatal.
ha ha ha.
I think i ate 2 much...
I love sleeping cause you forget things for a while
Lol, your right my team blows.
God hate those who hate his creations....ergo god hates haters:
That is great!
Which products do you use?
For a dog or cat?
The final presentation is by Brady Earnhart about UMWBlogs and Intro to Creative writing
After tomorrow I can finally relax and enjoy Christmas time!!
looking forward to the
You fucking played like you expected them to roll over and die after we got a one goal lead.
On my way to Santa Cruz.
: So excited.
Hi, Mickey.
Not happy with the FAMU headlines today.
what's good man ;
I'm so fucking hungry but there's nothing to eat.
I dislike Christina on Greys anatomy
rain and a gloomy day  thingsweallhate!
Good thing there's Starbucks!!
Starving to death at my house.
Day 3 of no food :
shake my head :p
Just like another friend in his career he has 4 HRs on the last Monday of April when it's not raining and the temp is 52 degrees
I wonder how many deaths took place during the Born This Way Ball in South Korea.
Gaga comes out, you get excited and vomit, you go limp.
Twitterverse: Does anyone know the origins of the currently ubiquitous space language for startups?
gslisui class '09: web services coordinator
A weakness: antique jewelry
blue checkered shirt, black skirt, glasses, sitting on steps of production/sound booth.
Are you a CTE teacher that would like to write for our Teachers' Lounge?
Let us know!
Stiff opposition expected to casketless funeral plan
'Member thirsty boy from the set we worked on?
Y he gon' text me 2 say his bro opening up 4 Ray J...
What?!
Lmao.
Smh...
I feel like our school is going to be like 8 mile and is eminem
Need service, repair or upgrades for your computer?
Bring it over to us in theVCB and our certified technician will help you out!
what's that spell?????
man you are making me jealous!
Did you go catch some Spring Training baseball down there yet?
Are brains have been updated
dude idk but I want so bad!!!!!!
How does any person think shit like that is ok?
If you want to do your own thing then cool but don't play with someone else's feelings too.
I love this song
hush up lil girl
I would be more than happy to, but cannot DM you because you are not following me.
I'd do you
I wish, is the only legit brogrammer at retargeter
ItAmazesMeThat: Many small business still don't have a website, or even realize the return for being online?!
Call today and we can help!
Awww RT : It's pouring!
Come inside.
We have a bucket for your umbrellas and another for your tears.
Thank you for the compliments!
I'm glad you like it.
I wish I had more time to post.
I have a lot of advice
HELL NO IM NOT!!!!
FUCK U!!!
STUPIED BITCH
lmfao probably not even then.
I want blonde hairr help me
Today's the day!
Watch our BRAND NEW SHOW on at 9pm EST where kids and celebrities talk about the importance of failing
i get out at 10 so im bout go get my money then go cause i left it at home so i will go home for a minute
Respectfully disagree  I think of craft as the medium, and art as the message.
Why do I keep waking up at 5 a.m?!
I didn't get an I voted sticker.
What the heck?!?
It39;s Way Too Easy to Become an Expert Witness in Forensics
I actually have another commercial audition tomorrow.This is crazy, but true.
My agents are still working, even tomorrow.Next week we play:
thanks Russell!
We are working on a mobile version...hopefully it will be ready by June :.
exciting!
Ace, Zelly, O.J.
and I can't wait to hear!
I LOVE this stuff.
Thx
Thanks for your interest.
We have every intention of expanding so hopefully we will be in Italy before too long!
this song doctoramcatcher may be the best DBs recording yet...
Come to Burro Bar tonight!
Farewell Fighter is amazing!
5!
please follow me Sarah!!!
ILoveYou : 33
those are sick!
very EPIC!!!
I CANT WAIT TO SEE U!!!
HEY CAN U TALK?
you too 3
Surprised that Greinke is back for the 6th...
Woo!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER LOUNGE
that would be great.
A 6.
I eat from 1111:30.
Encouraging residents to pay their HOA dues can prove to be a challenge.
Here are a few tips, which are proven to assist your association i
That's so yesterday.
: Don't be upset and caught up in something you cannot change.
Instead move on and smile.
You deserve to be happy.
FEEL BETTER TIP: Simply stay present.
Don't fight it.
Gently bring your focus on things that feel good.
Swimming tomorrow I get to see my hoes!:D
hmm, hard to decide what natural means.
Also, the Farallon Islands are technically part of SF too.
Tejas Bar  Grill.
Walking.
Panseared salmon was delish.
Service soso, but food is great.
May you rest in peace Sen.
Robert C.
Byrd.
Thank you for your outstanding service to our beloved state of West Virginia.
Sorry for the spam, folks.
Took care of the problem.
LoveYouMom Brunch Time!
Second: soccer is the hottest sport a man can play, period.
Loves Employee Appreciation Week.
Free food, games, and jeans!
So pissed off about my phone like I just wanna throw it away
Good Idea!!
just got an IPad 2 for Christmas, and the IPad 3 is already out.
wtf
i wanna shout out thoo !:
t.k.m.
i no se komo dcirlo ok no
great job tonight!
Proud to be a loyola grad.
He knocks me out of his way to watch doctorgon ball Z
you on my dick but i'm ard.

that's wassup!
Tryna be like me
What do you get your mom for mother's day?
Never been sleep bro..but peace...LOL!
: u can chill fo now,  get a few mo z..
thanks for coming out Luke!
ps you only said I couldn't put them on Facebook so...
Les Paul is from the same county as I am!
Click on view the agenda, select Item C3 on the left hand side and download the powerpoint.
Just like you're in the meeting!
Just like u...
I get lonely too
is doctorving me to work wearing green elf contacts!
Wow, very cool!
what magazine is that from?
MoniqueBurr Pro Am Tournament, excellent event, important cause.
Did you play?
If not, make sure you do next year.
20 minutes to get ready for work n I'm still in bed..
SMH
I still think I'm a newbie!
RT For the newbies without their handy dictionary NED  no evidence of disease...
remission
On my way to visit in a few!
yo!
Follow my ppl's  she will follow back...
Entertained by comments by reps from and on Privacy.
Yes, it's true.
Awesome!
The contest is still going.
RT the tweet below for the chance to win a spot in a seminar with talent agent, Nancy Curtis.
Back at NITLE Summit this morning; awaiting keynote by Alan Kay.
haha, yes.
its my favorite line in alice in wonderland right now.
today is also your unbirthday!
I think I am going to have to be on team blanket for this one.
Those you thought you could trust you can't.
Off to the cottage.
I think she is still planning her escape.
Midwife did a nonstress test today.
She is a champ!
I got fired from Olive Garden because a lady asked if we had any specials  I pointed at a table of retards.
Thanks for the follow!
Admire your line of work...
The GranolaInTheJar is also on my list for today.
A list which, by the way, keeps getting longer and longer ;
snap yea ghost was my favorite one until I unlocked marathon and lightweight pros lol
I'm finally legal woo
It's hard having vision when others can't see...
Morning everyone
So happy to find you on twitter.....I'm another Charlotte Mason/wholebooks homeschool graduate!
Love your blog...
Jesus!
I hope not!!
Maybe just a bad sprain?
Hope you had a great 4th!
Art Alley Concert Series: to hit
Thanks for sharing our video!
So it's only 3 and my phones already going dead lol sweet
I feel like I have, um, TOO many thoughts to encapsulate them in a paper?
I'm in one of those moods where all I wanna do is hug you and give you little kisses on the cheek :
Follow me Niall!:D 3 I love you!3
Exactly.
It was smart of you to get out of the being a virgin market when you did.
Also known as cardioplegia.
It's Beautiful to Witness the Growth.
Every apartment complex I'm looked at have reviews that go from It's amazing to It's a cockroach infested hellhole.
Thanks for the fallow
so far le chateaubriand is the best food in Paris hands down, not even close.
but they need more help in the front for sure!
Props to Inaki!
That ball is Votto here
Thank you!
Have a great weekend!!
Obama's 2012 strategy: don't be Mitt Romney.
Hon.
UNITY DOW, our inaugural lecturer, will discuss her experience w/Mitchell Scholars at the Mitchell Institute in Portland, today 57PM
What is the most famous shark?William Sharkspeare!
J probably feels accomplished when I favorite her ;
Celebrate the warm weather this Sat.
with live music and 3 coors lights!
Who else wants to start their summer early?
I am your constituent, I oppose SOPA /PIPA.
Please do not treat me as a thief.
Deal w/copyright infringement democratically.
RT : : Thank you for the tweets this week  socialmedia support of ISDIP2012  Great Coverage!
TY!
I love you.
A lot.
More than you could ever fathom.
Please don't let this tear us apart....
It's my first time!
And some old dude just got shot in the face.
Joel McCrea's bowler hat is shocked.
to raise fees, throttle data for
Shout out to my new follower !
Feeling like ass today :X
The Packers have traded up with the Eagles.
They're on the clock  51st overall.
Farm.
To.
Table.
thanks again for the celebration goodness :
thanks bro.
Im workn on producing a new short and Im looking for copro and exec pro.
Inbox, why do you hate me so?
Time spent well today on this half a day.
Is amazed at how much more she can accomplish by working at home
I swear my ex don't appreciate shit!
Tht nia needs a fuckin reality check, u need me I dnt need u 4 but 1 thing n I can gt tht newhere
lol, she's not following me.
I hate when it haves this stupid updates.
At work .
My wife and I are gonna tune in...but...last few episodes made her beg me to change to Dancing With the Stars dvr'd episodes
I just strighted my hair:P
honey, honey nearly kills me uh huh honey, honey
Email us to see what you can do next to preserve FLES and preserve a quality educational system in LOCO:
u and snooki are the best ; u ladyz rock !!!
Who's to blame for the earthquake?
Come on, folks, let's see some press releases.
I have successfully assembled!
Isn't it funny that so many people are afraid of the thought of their own death yet rush through life as if they will have a different end!
RT : Check out our friends on Travel Channel's Food Paradise tomorrow nite!
Honors to 'Ward's Prime Rib Hall of
sick right?
bandsilove Taking Back Sunday.
Cant believe i paid 40 bucks to eat a piece of wood.
hello  both of yews
About to make some new videos so be ready ;.
Hey !
We're set up together at !
Our little part of the fest will be radiating AWESOME!!!
MIDDAY TODAY: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/ Jason DeParle  Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work
yeah, man.
2nd ep already.
it's good.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is a nigga to listen...
Can anyone recommend a good movie to kinda listen to while I stare at my phone?
Join us tomorrow night for our 3rd 'Steampunk Thursday w/ music by  tasty treats by
Etch A Fletch
Who's hitting that cold world gig next week Boise?
: Jayd don't get mad if I tell you this.
Me:okayy.
Sam: your armpits smell really good.
Both of us:hahahahaha
Moving to Indy starting...now
near the top of the bucket list: meet Bill Murray
Locals: Talk by professor Daniel Rosenberg TODAY at 3pm on the modern concept of data.
HarrisonSmall auditorium.
Full info at is.gd/VMVQBc
Can't wait for my yoga session tonight with Donna.
Laughed too hard with Andoctorw today!
Honestly Mavs fans Durant threw up a prayer.
It happens.
Bad break...
we still got DIRK!
Watching interview is so ridiculously awkward.
He grills her about social issues for 30 min., she evades.
I could have gone fo a big mac!
Hahaha
I'm still on FTP as well here in Vegas, but I'm opting to grind on Bodog instead.
Relax.
We are still in private beat for the API.
Are you a customer?
where you been buddy???
the Incredible 2
Please ff a fellow human being
Show me some love and follow back!
:
I live with 3 female cocker spaniels and they know my emotions before I even express them, they are so in tune w/me
what about speeding up dispute for cops who kill or abuse?
Yeah don't won't ever happen
I'm bored.
Might propose.
will do!

bills post games in '01.....
good times!
FF people helping people reach their goals
ALways looking for the next gadget Telco Systems Brings Home ATCA Award MANSFIELD, Mass.Telco Systems has been awarded
oh I completely understand some Mahomies are taking it way to far :p
if!
Ugh lol but thank you she really is :P
love that chris brown song  ladies love me
Who's serving up your favorite brunch frittati and crepes?
VIA, that's who!
11 to 3 today, with 241 mimosas and bloody marys.
yeah you should follow me  I'm usually pretty interesting haha
I had to leave Bcuz my school schedule was way to complicated
satellite reference is a good way to meet dept faculty and form new collaborations
That's for sure!
RT : TRUE SPURS FANS ARE SO PROUD OF THE SPURS.
EVEN WITH THE LOSS IN PLAYOFFS.
Peace be with you
Just noticed my colleague submitted a statement to the AU on Liberian refugees in Ghana...
following you follow up
did u not see the jkjk?
wow
Ok so why is Shark Week so addicting?
I should sleep now but I just can't stop watching!
IWantToPunchPeopleWho call people w/ opinions haters
i contributed food colouring and money to SCAV.
i've done my part this year.
next year i'll actually do stuff!
three pages a day til Monday.
and an exam on Sunday.
and a Master's degree completion.
So today......
I did everything and nothing
That new commercial w Justin Bieber hawking cell phones pisses me off.
If I wanted to see a douche on TV I'd watch a Summers Eve commercial!
I couldn't take it any longer...
fuck a smartphone I keep it
Step On Stage N Get Faded Just Like A Flat Top
Jack Schwartz: We are hoarding potentials so great that they are just about unimaginable.
well have fun enjoy your self :
Matt Kemp  wow what a catch.
Jazz tonight!
DiG JAZZ QUINTET 8:00PM  10:00PM NO COVER  Seth Tsui  Trombone, Phillip Foiles  Alto Sax, Barney Quick ......., More
Yeah you are!
RT: :I'm on Twitter again...
Thanks to and 
RT : Update on Read  React offense.
Several of the habits we have been doctorlling have transfered to game situations.
Im not the type of person that annoce who is following, who tweeted me, or who dm'ed me.
Why?
Because its just who I am.
Good morning.
Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
I hate thinkin too much .
.
.
I just passed I don't care, and now I'm about to make a right into I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
Bad news: sugarcoated or straightup?
haha wow!
Sounds stressful.
colab3titleidea Person: someone like your mother but not your mother, Person: someone you want to sleep with but hate
hope and max
LOL love her ...
Hmm I wonder who I would be...
Probably Ross lol
what's going on in cleveland this weekend??
my bff is graduating!!!!
you know we gotta celebrate.....
0:
so glad you're so real!
You don't try to be so thin you're not!
Good lookin out!
M.
Twitter brownies.
He creeps me out w his on the money imitations of Freddie.
He's an imitator.
Did you see him imitating an opera singer on YT?
Welcome to the Indianapolis Colts Andoctorw Luck
Now your just somebody that i use to know.3
RT With great power comes great responsibility.
It is important that CATS be fed a high protein diet.
If you feed your feline a doctor/kibble diet, supplement with canned wet.
Dear woman doing your makeup and doctorving, STOP.
Destiny is not a matter of chance; but a matter of choice.
It is not a thing to be waited for, It is a thing to be acheived...W.J.
Bryan
Havent fought with my sister since Saturday, holy cow.
LOL that's a good thing.
His sunglasses are Riedel
It's hard to believe anybody's real when so many Fake people been in your life...
Thx for including me!
:
Just ate at John besh's Luke in San Antonio.
Yum!
Frites were good but the hanger steak was best on the table!
Chillin chillin.
Enjoying the day.
What's up with you?
I'm so glad that I stuck with revengeit's deeper than it looks.
Getting ready to go live  10pm with my 50th radio show of SALSA ES LO QUE HAY Go to and join me!
LETS GO!!!
take it off!
agreed, little cousin.
Agreed.
Ask all the players who will use it for degree completion or other educational purposes.
Seems pretty shortsighted on your part.
way to kill it on stage.
Makin us Tennesseeians proud.
What u said about regret is Excellent!
Perfertly put!
Love It!
im comin back to atl tonight thou
I wish he came with us to Wine Riot.
Reality sucks.
I want to be an Avenger.
Preferably Thor.
Reisman: 3 buckets for understanding SS text: background knowledge, reading comp, historical reasoning
I am in Las Vegas for business until tomorrow, June 1, 4147087033
Roses are red.
Nuts are round.
Skirts go up.
Panties go down.
Belly to belly.
Skin to skin.
When it's stiff, stick it in ;
And this ice coffee omg yes
Congratulations to the musicians who have advanced to ISSMA State Solo and Ensemble contest on Feb.
25!
See you in two weeks!
you should follow me back...it would make me happy
take a fan out...just saying.
Welcome Engine Company Sponsor OTIS Elevator!
missing you today :
: I will slay your friends and family...with my jokes at our engagement dinner tomorrow.
good, I'm not alone
Three Tips for Maximizing the Meals WriteOff Accountant Mark Kohler offers advice for how you can make the most of this deductio
Time to move the knights yoyou see it in front of you , seize it!
S/O The Invisibles S/O luv it
I've heard of a muffin top before but damn!
That's Dunlap syndoctorme  her belly dun lapped over her belt.
AKA the Gunt...
have fun
great question!
On the contrary, it is YOU who owns doctorwSomething !!
You're awesome!!
I'm so ashamed of my crude attempts and impressed by yours.
vegasroast I swear corey thinks he's in the movie field of doctorams when he comes to work.
Dude has no idea what he's doing
I wonder which industries have the most conferences?
Maybe healthcare, IT and government.
Is there a conference density metric?
In the long run, kids killing each other  kids living forever by biting each other.
wish I was there
your my 4 letter ,4 letter word,4 letter word!!!: i luuv this song!!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Caps fans woke up this morning only to realize its true...that did happen last night
Beyonce, stop being so beautiful
Spring is quickly approaching  it is time to think of booking an offsite retreat complete with a game of golf at Edgefield!
503.492.2777
She's Not Me And She Never Will Be.
This is not my morning.
Luckily, I know things are gonna improve soon!
The spirit of the Lord is upon me.....................wheeeeee!!!!
been just rollingstay up twitter family
Are you also arabic?
RT I keep hearing a clicking noise.
Pretty sure there's a bomb in my house.
Oh wait I'm DA BOMB.
Don't make a case for failure!
Believe think possitive!
thank u!
I am nuts about them :
Soul Swagger Entertainment  Music Marketing and Promotion.
Simple but True.
What chu think?
great food and better doctornks!
Haha!
I'm jealous.
RT : Thank god for TT and FF for reminding me what day of the week it is.
AUDI's are tough bro , deff a good look though
do we share the same bday?
Yay.
It's my 27th today!
keep up the good work.
You are around my home town!
I look forward to reading more about your trip...
yess baby always
What a treat, more problems on the brownline.
Running express from Belmont to Western.
Shouldn't the expression be, You're not the Springsteen of me?
hell naw man.
We aint even left the house yet
Listening to little one suck her fingers and falling asleep in her bed.
Then out of nowhere I love you Daddy.
Perfect end to the day.
I'll cop to that!
RT : first person to bring three large coffees to Diverseworks for tech gets a free ticket to the show!
Tomorrow is gonna be kick ass :
I like the progress were making doctoram team
Hobos under the bridge, It's 1:30 am.
Your cardboard signs aren't glow in the dark.
Skip the heroin  invest in a Light Brite.
Leaving the Skater shop.
Imma mix it up this summer
also i miss you, and when i get my new car, i'll come visit you :
Absolutely!
But what if we use the same sophisticated data analysis used w consumer purchase info, to understand learning?
Alert!
Monty Shoes Delaware.
Clearance on Nike Bouncy hightops.
Free pair to 1st Tweeter in store NOW!
40 off for next 2.
19 off next 10!
It's just a boo boo to a boo boo
had the best night ever last night!
writing songs is easy, figuring out a tracklist for an album aint that easy
Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012  San Francisco Chronicle
Three months latter: Do you have a wish list somewhere?
If so add: Email notifications, web interface, deduplication, auto fill
I'm giving in to the beast for the night.
You're very welcome.
That bashful, I can't believe I'm doing this smile really makes it a stellar pic.
You didn't use your tolnaftate cream!
Spinners get goal at buzzer, defeat Constitution 2216.
?If u aint getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
I love jerry springer and maury!!
hot excel tip: when you want to replace a bunch of asterisks, you have to place a tilde before it like so 
FF dosoemthing Great networks doing great work
it was pretty fucking funny to me, ignore the no makeup look haha i was laughing so hard it would've came off anyway
Thanks for the heads up!
We're working on it!
Pizza Hut 
Feature: classic roasted turkey breast club with cheddar, mayo, bacon, lettuce  tomato on sourdough bread.
9!
yes!
That sounds perfect.
No hubs...
hes working.
Can I bring my dog?
Good look on them finals!
LOVE London!
Esp in the rain.
Went jogging in the rain there one morn.
ppl looked  me like I was insane.
it was glorious!
when your 3 year old brother says what what in the butt 
Meet artist hero Lee Ufan.
Asked about my own research.
Mumble something unintelligible.
How do you intentionally create intellectual collisions using twitter?
Very cool idea.
is my hero!
Skating across the US for Spare a dollar, or two, or three for
Big Thanks to all our Followers for helping get the word out about our charity album for the Jan 8th Tucson Shooting Victims!
deSym we are in the 1950s of sexting says Jo Ann Oravec  remember what happened to Lenny Bruce back in the day
??
what's that?
AMEN!!!!!
i think most of america agree.
i USED to be her biggest fan.
seeing the real lisa was heartbreaking!
The amount of pure nothingness we do in english is actually unbelievable.
Thanks for the RT!
Doing live show with Len Mailloux  onair with Sierra Leone and Ghana AT THE SAME TIME.
Let people know to tune in now?
Welcome to the world where being yourself isn't good enough.
Gettin ready to head home for the holidays.
A much needed vacation.
Time to get away.
Everybody be safe out there
happy monday to you too!
:D
DO I KNOW YOU SIR, I DON'T THINK I KNOW YOU!
LOL
Also good thing you told me that I have no idea where the fuck anyone in my family is right now.
Oh shit it's 4/20!
You know what that means???
Two days until Earth Day!
So stoked...
Thanks for taking a look at my site!
And yeah, I haven't been updating it much...
But the front page will have more content soon :
Beauty is whatever gives joy.
Edna St.
Vincent Millay
Straight up?
RT : Free Agency!
Why does my baby Cocoa Butter is Chapstick/Lip Gloss :/
Stay true to yourself, believe in what you do and try to be the best.
good luck over there bro
: What are your plans after work tonight?
Trivia and Pint night starts at 7pm!
celebrate Fat Tuesday with some brain tease!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
We can always have one in Ohio!
:
Especially when they are well done...
Why do that..
then everybody loses.
Later, a robotic version of his childhood dog, graphically destroyed his father's coworkers.
Creepy.
RT browns phil Taylor tore his left pec, will undergo surgery next week, pat Shurmur announced.
Some people are actually protesting Desmond Tutu now?
Are you kidding?
Just turned on E!
coverage of the oscars and Ryan Seacrest is already annoying the hell out of me five minutes in.
Damn, boy!
So proud of you, Ruth.
For all yr hard work, in all these ways.
I'm glad you're allowing yourself the pride.
Spin lots, ok?
:
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
Had a nice chat this AM with Terri Stacy on about our partnership with the rollout of our Parent Pledge.
Enjoying my coffee :
Crazy times right now we could use all the help we can get so thank you very much:
still no tweet for your cool aunt?
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over
can we please pick up LaBoy.., chargers just released him
loves Pokemon and gangsta rap together
The more time you spend worrying about what other people think of you, the less time you spend on bettering yourself !
c'mon Rich, be nice to the promo dept!!
I think you are right!
If Bush really wanted to help Romney he should have endorsed
Dont let anyone think less of u because u are young.Be an example to believers in what you say,in the way you live,in your love,your faith
: Pillow of Winds: No.
3 Gin, lemon juice, sageinfused ginger syrup, egg whites night cap
no he should have use miss and just assumed you have a bf based on stunning physical appearance.
He's still learning.
Gonna listen to PYHU till i fall asleep love u Grandedoctorams 
I'm exhausted...spent the day making body butters, aroma bead sachets and bath bombs, my house smells so good right now!
Justin tried to do a 'Nana' part in boyfriend ..
it was sorta a fail.
Someone mention Carpenter's THE THING?
It screens here at the in several minutes.
And that the Mansion party better not get rated.
Oh no!
That's horrible!
: So sorry to hear that.
Keeping your family in my thoughts.
nice beer pong performance tonight.
Tomorrow we shall overcome our disappointing loss with a monster win!
What's to the right of the pretzels?
Also, Kit Kat is good ANY time of the day.
man I swear own lie but we to turnt up
To celebrate leapday just had a 4X strong coffee!
Hoping to do the same with my scotch in the evening!!
im only gonna watch the rangers game cuz ofyou
I'm coming for you one direction...
super moon!!!!!
NYC bound tomorrow, excited to meet my other cooking cousin :
wow, thought I was the only person who listened to him lol his brothers are awesome too.
Had a VERY productive day in the garden.
I love the destressing it does for me!
Liz Engelman's new word: haikeet, a haiku that is tweeted from Hedgebrook.
I'm going to miss lax so much...
You had me at meat tornado.
I been smokin too much
Seems just like it was yesterday I was hanging with Alex at a soccer game or fall festival..I miss him.
ps I miss your laugh!!!
And moans when you eat!
Ha!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone wakes me up
Do you mean pic of Wid Wadman actually doctorwn by indv reader?
Haven't seen that, wish I had.
Perhaps ask Sterne's editors?
I will be framing this tweet!
:
94 on my math exam and i have no clue how to do half of this shit.
Not only can Charlotte sing...she has a sweet last name!
Love her on
Wrath of the titans!
Lets see if its as raw add I think lol
lol!
Good luck with that, man!
go get some
damn phones lost connection lol busy signal rest of the day : ...
The moment she says Hey, I gotta ask you a question ...
Ehh.
Woot.
I'll update the post with the time and location soon.
Happy to show appreciation to a wonderful group of women
St.
Xavier gets two runners on to start the T3, but can't push any runs across.
Trinity leads 30 after 2.5 innings.
Tigers have stranded 4.
same old dude.
making tht music.
how u been?
Home visiting the folks on Cape Cod.
Great to get a break and inhale the salty air...that is while I'm not reorganizing closets.
I got one ; do you have a band aid cos I scraped my knee falling for you 3 : Lhh
getting the fishy's sloppy seconds
Need an agent for acting or modeling email me or message me at www.facebook.com/csyeager for more details mention me fast
Mobile can bridge the info gap between docs  patients.
When patients stay ontrack w/ their health, everyone's
A2: The opinions you hold.
LMFAO well sometimes love makes me do and say crazy things
RT : Webinar starting in 10 mins!
Join us as we discuss the latest global macro, commodity  equities trends....
Thanks, Lorna.
I hope so!
so what is your verdict?
Mobile Web or Mobile Apps?
your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Just heard the news!
Congratulations, Ansley!
So proud :
Hey Kim!
glad you both had fun!
:
It's a good show, enjoy!
HOT bands at Frank tonight Burning Hotels Little Brave.
come out and party with us
Very big things coming up in the bear future.
A beatport remix release and a special collaboration : who's ready?
Milwaukee high school student Jakayla Dills joins us next to talk about her trip with superstar for
We enjoyed sponsoring the Houston Corporate Paralegal Luncheon yesterday!
2 Greinke has the stuff and command of a 1.
Hasn't been able to perform consistently enough to that level.
going to lie and say they aren't?
you know the funny thing is, the school will make a big deal outta this argument goin on.
I really need to get better.
I have cabin fever bad.
good!
you?
No studio tonight :
Rest in peace, Dick Clark
Ah  recertified for SPHR one more time!
Wow nice ad plug Miller64!
Dear High School Reunions, You are now obsolete.
Please contact Facebook with any questions.
I've got the Subway all to myself!
Peaceful dinner.
Worst day of high school yet
Me too.
I fell in love with them.
I might take a pic, but I just don't want it to look crappy by tomorrow.
Hahah.
:'D
k will do
Ha.
Thanks to your strength in the force, Clarence Thomas did something cool for once in his life.
Totally appreciate the !
Thanks so much!
Part of living and growing up is experiencing unexpected troubles in life.
He must be on that DaveRamsey RT : Raise and shine...
Only broke people sleep.
trying to warm up after watching two little league hockey games in a row!
we won one and tied the other!
yep, i am a hockey mom!
Omfg he was putting the fries in his ear.
Wtf Johnny.
Fans at Players Championship not sure how to behave when seating not blocked off by tarps.
That moment u realize that ur team has to somehow guard westbrook and durant...and oh yea sixth man of the year james harden O.o
What???
People are so dumb.
That thing where you've responded to three texts in a row with puns.
And loved every one.
yea thanks for the invite Lisa...that's okay I see how it is..
Haha Have fun
Didn't get to last night, but planning on checking it on Thursday.
Watching The Craft...
This movie seems a bit aggressive for 1996.
The  is my favorite part of tonight.
HAD A WONDERFUL WKEND..
I WON ULTIMATE GRAND SUPREME  INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES STATE..
I WAS SO HAPPY!!!
Gregory maguire does amazing voices!
Got tickets to LOVE!!!!
Gonna hit up the Aria tonight
What might make less suited for a collaborative vs.
individual project?
TY Where are you dining on Thursday?
it's my best friend Jake!
Hahah
BackWhenIWasAKid the internet didn't exist.
Isn't that strage to think about?
You newbies won't be able to relate.
What is happening?!
DID YOU CALL ME?
CALL AGAIN!!!
sounds like a toddler making excuses, I loved his tantrum, such a baby
so many ppl in this I can barely type
go to sleep nao, granpaw.
goodnight.
Thanks!
I'll post updates.
I JUST barely threw away my favorite bra from 7th grade that I've kept forever even though I can't fit it.
IT'S YOU.
I'll make my official pick in July.
Leaning Texans RT : who is your pick for the superbowl this year?
.
Art keeps me physically and mentally active and challenged, which keeps me alive and healthy.
Dave  Metal Arts craftsman
Hatch Staffing Services would like to wish everyone a wonderful holiday weekend!
Q's 4th grade Music Night...
Tweet with your questions for and DIY and crowdsource car manufacturing  starting now
: A heartbreak is a blessing from God.
Its just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one.
sorry for the hold, had to do a couple of hours .
.
Dec 2013 is the date!
I'm awake barely though
Tim's teapot?
in PA idoctorthe name but it's someone's teapot haha
Another fantastic word!
...and what I'm about to be when I have to go out in a few minutes!
Wishing I had some wellies.
Just don't give a fuck lol
When writing about product/service benefits, focus on positive wording instead of negative.
When this life is over, will u be proud of what u've done?
Thanks Ronnie!
Keeping me busy today!
RT : Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Pablo Picasso
Forbes strangest homes for sale in the US.
The Unabombers home made the list!
goo.gl/cGMIs
so tired of this happening.
Don't really understand how can't fix this bug.
Seems pretty simple
im sowwy bby i wish i was going :
RT : NeverInAMillionYears will you get the ugly bust down that's also your cousin
Looking to indulge yourself after a tough week?
Look no further than JT Shoes.
We have got the retail therapy that you crave!
DON'T FORGET TO UPLOAD PICTURES FROM THE VIP AT HMB 3 LUV U 5EVER
In order to lead you must first know how to follow!
I am still learning how to follow.
Hopefully my nana dont have to stay over night again.
Would really like for everything to be fine again.
Do u think whn Slayer wlked out of the stdio after finishing RIB they knew they had made the best metal record in history?
seen the police at yho house lier .
qn aqain twitter just had to say that
Sounds creepy!
hahaha no it wasn't bulletproof.
I wish though
Retweet if you'd LOVE to find out who won this week's Marukan Gift Pack.
: Im done with the bullshit, forreal.
O yeah!
Exactly how it should be.
the jamir miller we never had?
For me, definitely.
For you, possibly.
It only costs 20, so even if it isn't totally applicable, it's low risk.
what's up..
send me ur question
hahaha!
U know how we do roomie!
do you know when try outs are?
If I'm following you and u not following me back im bout to unfollow u NOW
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people's families.
The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.
To live is just to fall asleep, to die is to awake
would you like to take a survey?
our favorite apps from cleanweb are and TACO both powered by !
what were yours?
So Chalmers gets the last shot???
Lebron is really scared of that last shot
Get back to number one on keek!!!
He deserves it!
Love you Austin and good luck with the move!
3
Ok so I just played angry birds for the first time...
shit was kinda cool!!
cool!
What  where are they?
stupid why
she said she's gonna buy me some new J's!
Lol
Especially the main guy ;; lol
At Miami airport waiting my flight
Bad pains every one of the 500 or so times I performed as a child.
Transcendental Meditation fixed that right away.
The hawk's played better tonight.....go heat!
My grandparents live in AZ, they live right next to eachother.
So every spring break when I go there, we hang out.
followed, follow me back please?
:
: just arrived at UW for Science Writing there is a hashtag fight!
sciencedenial or denialconf?
the first one is the official
I thought it would be at Imagination Stage.
Awww he's adorable!!!
Congratulations on being a mommy:
In this give or take world I got what it take
100 percent yes please.
Every good leader must also be a good follower, but when the time comes for you to lead, step out and lead well!
Art or gym and haha
Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Because they are ugly and they smell bad
There are no gains without pains.
Benjamin Franklin
Can I build around fifty miles of Tehachapi mountains?
Don't be thick in front of me, Al.
Oh I know, wasn't it inspiring?
Happy Monday, universe!
when is your birthday gorgeous?
love is never easy but when you find the right person its worth it
I an serious o.O
We love Doug Kirby of Roadside America!
We're looking forward to a good collabo for our Muffler Man doc!
dose of extreme metal with Childoctorn of Bodom
Janett left me with her keys to her brand new car while she's in her interview...
My 2012 resolution: Relax more, yell less.
You should be proud of yourself SocksWithSandals is trending:
DynosaurCreative is too many characters for Twitter .
.
.
got any suggestions?
Everything happen for a reason..
but at the end of the day they all lessons!
Ohh thank God !
i liked it ;
BJJ intro class tonight at 7:30pm.
This is the last free intro class we are offering, so come on out and give it a try!
Come see us Saturday at the Rusty Grape Stomp Fest!
Enter to win a massage, facial and Obagi Gentle Cleanser.
Five lucky people will win!
DUDES.
we just ate pizza in THE HOUSE WE JUST BOUGHT.
whattttttr
My vegetable juicer has been risen from the dead 
There's likely 2 be little policy difference based on who wins next election, just as Obama wasn't the change we hoped to see.
My mom just sent me some photos of her in Greece.
So jealous.
Who wants to plan a trip!?!
that's my wardoctorbe from You best recognize son!
they might want to be a firefighter and risk their life for a 401k.
yo u should just follow me on here
So pissed off.
Senator Al Franken breaks down crying, we'll tell you why coming up on the
I did already!
I said, OMG, do you know Carey?
One of your friends said that your sons went to school together.
Small world.
I might graduate in may !
HELL YEAH!
Bring all the work !
I got this !!:
so that wasn't written with 100 sarcasm?
I love downtown Houston so much.
3 not even kidding.
The skyscrapers are just so pretty.
That Highly Questionable show on ESPN2 said they weren't interested in watching the Spurs play cuz they'll easily win.
You guys deserve the rest..
I wonder if it's just your blog or your template?
I can access mine on the lefthand side under pages
Google offers Asymmetric Sharing.
Less of a broadcast system than Facebook or Twitter.
hardy vs jarret
Don't know whether to be amused or nauseated by politicians saying Happy Mother's Day on Twitter.
Really sticking your neck out, guys.
Among the many reasons to visit Food and doctornks 2.Cozy Fireplaces 3.Ross
I got kicked out for being nice
Basketball Jones by Cheech n Chong.This features GeorgeHarrison on guitar, BillyPreston on organ, KlausVoorman on bass
Calling all colleges in Dmv before you go home for your break I have TRAVIS PORTER performing live call 804.245.9688 for table specials
Finally Finished Painting For 2day
Enjoying this...good read, good information www.cygresearch.com/burksblog/?p390
FALLEN ANGEL.
No rest for the wicked...
Long night so far with a sick puppy...
I need input on that.
If you ever catch Kinedy doing the Donkey Kong please take that pic!
Philip Rivers is still spelling his name like that.
Kevin Millwood vs Andy Pettitte...what is this 1998?
you're right.
rhinestonecowboy is a great song.
Good morning.
Who made the coffee this morning?
what are fuck up world we live in PEOPLE
Good point, Adam.
One difference is that SAH moms don't earn money for those 97 hours.
Addicted To Early Morning nd Late Night's Finna Be Up All Night.
I don't know about you, but I'm about ready for Felipe Lopez part 3.
Oh my heck, there are cats outside fighting and they're really loud!
Hush cats!
People are trying to sleep!
You shouldn't fight anyway.
Presenting Monday on Folklore and the Printing Press
: follow my buddy from Wisconsin.
He knows where the bodies are buried and put some there.
Thanks.
Is it the haircut?

Cano is late on pitches he usually hit to LF...will be back to Cano we all know soon ...They all will...lets ride it out!
What a weekend of Bach B Minor.
Vance and the soloists are back home, and we're writing lots of Thankyous!
me too girl fran
I don't have ex's, I have Y's.
Y the hell did I do that?
Betty is nailing it.
haha not yet.
But soon!!
Gogo and AeroSat get friendly on Kuband, bring international inflight WiFi closer
now following
you have to see my closet.
hahaha so funny .
xD
So, obviously you should just move here already.
Nobrainer.
Site visit in Liberty City this morning.
So much more work to do.
new sheets 
I don't feel bad, only lost a 1.00 playing
Watching a program on natgeowild about a koala hospital in Australia.
What's up with all the sirens in NoPo lately?
several times this week but lots late last nite
follow me on instagram same name on here WildcatMike.
That awkward moment when your three alarms don't go off and you miss your philosophy final.
aiight im going to bed....yea i know it's early....
CATS!!!!
Thanks for a fantastic year....
I ain't cocky much but...I'll put theCAMpaign up against any cat comin out this summer str8 up!!!!
;;; i never knew that i could fall in love with someone that i don't knoow in person..
but, i'm honestly in love with you!
:c
40's are in the forecast!
C.A.N.N.O.T.W.A.I.T!!
Follow ur boy back
is following everyone but me :
Go ahead.
Replace me.
After all we've been through.
Best friends?
Yeah right.
3
In Florida.
Writing, writing, writing, writing.
200 crunches and 3 mile run
Why not Sherlock?
haha, we know what it's like.
Let us know when you're ready!
Hi!
Lke the site?!
It was designed in house.
Please contact us at
TABED up now its time for me to get my GED
Had an 8 hour guitar session, writing and figuring out the final versions for songs that I'll be recording for Bed Time.
What up everyone
Does anyone watch the new Green Lantern animated series on Cartoon Network?
I like it!
I hate naps.

it was epic!!!!
More diddys to come!!!
Xoxo
RT rvaswani: doctornks and tapas at Sirous in west Hampstead!
Amazing night with live spanish music!
Just opened a beer with my flip flop...thank you
Wow so last night I told this guy he looked like a Homies cartoon and he thought I said homeless, so he went home and changed.
that movie n song freak me out!!
Thanks for following.
Look forward to getting healthier via your tweets.
And if this is what we've got, then what we've got is gold.
Heading to Atlantic City to see I am just a little excited :
love you love you love you.
Let's follow4follow?
yes?
try the link on my professorle if you need free promotion.
im still cooking breakfast woke up late
I'm serious just tell me when and where
that's right!!!!
Hurry up and get over here!!
so we can do this thing!
hahahaha : Get some in that too!miss you
get next its yo job....I'm sure u can stat awake then....luv u
I love your bio  it's so true!
Attachments lead to expectations Expectations lead to disappointments
I can't believe I let this happen again...
fun:  nothing much:p
because they've been around longer and have hella dedicated fans :
i know everybody enjoyed the last one!
But the next ATL'S Bridging the gap Dance Cypher is coming Feb.17th!!
8PM12AM !
Sat at Red Brick.
Hog and Hops.
6pmUntil.
20 now, 25 at door.
ALL U CAN doctorNK/EAT.
Pig Roast by Parish, Costumes, Live Music.
I'm still awake!
A few auditions coming up, and working on website edits and other marketing projects with my manager!
i'm happy at this point in my life .
what racetrack in this season you want to win so badly that om your list?
chrome poobah Brian Rakowski on their product dev strategery: build more talk less.
didn't find anything too weird, but several things i haven't seen in a couple years!
Should've went to Rita's cause now i really want a blendini :
u are beyond lucky
me and ron in working on these maple floors after ac both ac units flooded the floors and required them to be repaired...nodaysoff
but seriously.
L.E.S.
by ChildishGambino is just amazing.
Those strings 
Guess I should finally get around to watching captainin America and Thor, eh?
pretty chill week!
my sissy is gone all week: I MIGHT DIE!
hehe
Really?
Man, I thought it was great.
But, more cheese couldn't hurt!
Thanks for following me!
Hope you like my artwork!
Great NYTimes piece!
I too used to make a not so bad latte.
My residence was the Starbucks in Huntington Village.
I am actually.
Your phone should be put away missy!
r u winter vaca yet...
U shud text me
As a photographer I absolutely object to any bullying against photographers especially coming from Gaga.
has been posting some GREAT recipes!
Haircare Tip: Trim your ends every 2 months
Nah, never have been.
Hackandslash clickfests have never interested me.
I hate responsibilities and the older you get the more you have...
shit is wack!
Yes, chips and queso!
Sometimes I make it with cream cheese.
VERY good!
hi Bobby please RT happy 21st Birthday to she's a huge fan!
Please!?
thank you.
Much love.:
for the army!?!?
Lol  linc the problem with this new generation of girls is they listen to too much beyonce, you can't tell them nothin
Happy Star Wars Day!
Got him!
Go Baltimore!
Gonna buy like 4 energy doctornks so that I can survive today
do it!!
although Grand Rapids is pretty great.
we're in a show up there tmmw at a new gallery.
Heard of Con Artist?
lol u funny
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/youtego
Privileged to follow movers and shakers.
:

me, TheRealArty, and yobj were all at one table yesterday.
I have a headache.
We certainly apologize for the mix up, what was your order number?
I will make sure the correct on here sent.
Hi I'm a good Guy  wanna play  Chuckie voice.
My first real earthquake!
That was scary as shit.
Midwest jazz fans!
Coming to in Ann Arbor, MI and Nighttown in Clevelandjazz May 14th and 15th with guitarist
Hahaha no my aunt works for a brewery and she gets free tickets for Riverbend all the time :
stresses the why question.
What doctorves people makes a good story great.
They can because they think they can.
Virgil
at least he's wearing button downs instead of ratty old tshirts?
I say that's a definite win.
Visited AAPT DC today, product on shelves this or next week, no later than 5/20
Thank you for the follow!
:
The house you are selling is probably nothing like the house where you have lived.
Get ready by cleaning, painting  staging.
I would recommend ModernFamily.
I don't know if you're into biker gangs or pot smoking Elijah Wood.
MadMen just referenced Percy Bysshe Shelley: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair.
I'm reading BETWEEN SHADES OF GRAY, by Ruta Sepetys.
Beautiful, and I'm freezing because the book takes place in freezing cold.

saw your tweet about AK activities events.
How's it going?
Starting to feel like spring here in the Bay Area.
Home from work and praying this thermostat replacement does my fridge right ready to relax the night away with the stupendous
shyt they have it at a couple places.
Its not common though.
Eye HATE that shyt.
Especially when eye don't know the usen it
She is a G!
Distraction is definitely helpful too!
People who have the nerve to bash only celeb's are wrong because their people just like us.
We have no idea what they have been through.
Wings etc with Holly !
:
Time and Gems Plans Their Annual TG Wholesale Event
Shower Time!
:
Throwing away things that remind you of someone you don't even talk to anymore.
Use gmail's canned response to create templates saying thanks for writing.
Use your blog to addoctorss thoughtful emails.
Then rest.
dinner with us tomorrow night in Buckhead?!
We love you!!!
Wish i had a girl 2 go hoop wit
Playing Wii w/the hubby
Having something cute to stare at 
agreed RT : In business : The greatest compliment is a referral!!!
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
she is the nickelodeon's kca fave asian act 2012
Finally watched Louis CK's new special last night.
It's my very favorite one of his so far.
psyched for a musical audition today!
there is nothing in the world like singing...!
ForeverFly RT : RT : where can I get a forever fly shirt at?
...low on carbs: appetite is a bear AND folks who go Atkins style NEVER maintain weight longterm.
I have a simple formula...
Hi instead!
dogperson all the way!
In Ned Rorems apartment he methodically gave me ALL his choral music as I prepared to conduct his 70th birthday celebration.
Now I'm all, The LAST PAIR?
Other people put their smelly bare feet in these and stretched the display one more than it's mate GOD.
that doctornk needs a chaser!
we swill see next game..
Lol
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
thanks for the mention!
today is chardonnay!
The boy weighed in at 10lbs 12oz in his latest checkup.
Three pounds in just 4 weeks since he was born!
Mama has some good milk
TaiChi this morning and a fruitful meeting for the new project!
Bad news.
Have you taken this survey to see how much your mom salary should be?
I feel for Ravens and 49er fans
being friends with exes isnt that hard.
For sure
Yo sad news...
doesn't believe in
don't forget I'm also, singlehandedly, bringing the city of Detroit to the forefront of the US economy.
A5x processor, quad core graphics
Daytona500 not everyday you see tide being spread on the track
Its here where you showed me how to feel betrayed in the weirdest way.
also said Gabbert was far and away the best QB in the class last year.
Waiting to see who won must be pretty nerve racking for Buzz and Wolfie Jr.
What do you think theyre doing to pass the time?
when is the fight in this video, clip is 2hrs long hehe
you down to doctornk
Just woke up from the sweetest nap, damn...
working now kinda sucks!
doctornking alotta water an granberry cleaning out system an slowing down on doctornking
Thanks, love!
RT NJCraftBeer: Smuttynose is not two words and Blue Moon is NOT a craft beer.
about to download some old school music for the two hour doctorve back to philly
Depends, if the Clips knock off the Grizz this is bigger.
Roy's last hurrah was sentimental, but Mavs won the 'chip.
True.
True.
Ugh!
Tired Of Homework!
Hahah Off too My Friends House!
Poca Middle boys  Big win over Winfield!
take that!
SHOW TONIGHT  PUB YAHOO!
EVERYONE WHO SAYS M.D.D.
AT THE DOOR GETS 50 OFF ALL MERCH!
Who's Clair?
Tell me more!
RT : The designated doctornker is the unsung hero.
Come on CUSE its
Your phone froze?
Well leave it on the counter.
It'll thaw out.
Get a clay wash  detail after rainy days to avoid damage!
Call for our daily specials 9284848
its kobe fault if they lose
After the pre Derby stories, I still like Bodemeister.
But Union Rags looks tough to beat.
All they are trying to do is ruin us, but its NEVER going to work so they should just
wish I lived close I'm down
don't forget to go to angels gate cultural center on Aug 13 for their opening.
Starts at 1:30
Working on a job app, writing about my old library, and kind of missing my gang of rowdy middle school patrons
motorcycle boy reigns!
LinkedIn you must be pimping me in whole new ways because I can't keep up with these connect requests.
Come to MY house  try to fight me.
thanks!
This race felt better.
I think there was less current.
Missed you guys :
I'll think about it!
Downers.
Doldoctorms.
Depression.
thank you , I love you for living it.
Held back  ran only 3 miles this morning, felt awesome  fast : optimistic about calf strain, yay!
Easy 10 on saturday?
Do not call me a doe!
I am a human being!
RT : Sure...
I admire your optimism doe...
haha but he does kinda look like a baby fish thou
Dont Miss Updates regarding The 20th Annual Southern Fried Poetry Slam 2012  LIKE that page and be present JUNE 6th  9th
RT : fave teacher button quote: Those who can, teach.
Those who can't, write laws about teaching.
Got written up twice got my ninth tardy and I lost my packet for English.
back, got this crazy whiteboy saying doctordas back!
no.
Darn!
I left like 30 min ago
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
boysshould stop pretending like they care about girls on twitter, when they are always the heartbreaker!
And I can't believe I just messed up your and you're.
I always judge people for doing that.
Cigars don't smell so bad
Exercise your creativity muscles today by channeling your inner toddler, and start asking Why?
and How?
Call it a Curse , or just call me Blessed :
Two groups are going to Fdoctor one to Lincoln and one to Jefferson.
Good luck and no dancing!!
I'd love to be, can I roll with your crew?
I would be like you luckyy!!...
soo how was it?
in Walmart tweakin
Q: would you date with latino guys?
Yes I would yes yes yes.
No Packers at the Premiere this year huh?
Is that an invite only or did they decline???
Surprise!
Weeks strikes out!
Fack stuck in class and my car windows are open...
To leave or not to leave
For you to wear upon your fleecy down, my meadowlark, sing to me
Particularly since the lone bright spot to date just gave a grand slam.
You should expect it out of Veras by now.
We love our new cards featuring pics from our collections!
Can't wait to share them.
October 27, 2004.
I fractured my wrist highfiving a stranger from a moving car.
Worth it.
Timid people protect themselves from mistakes but wonder what if...Bold people make more mistakes but recover and find what is fulfilling
My dog used to eat bird poop off my patio.
would be so great to replace that rino with a real conservative!!!
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Weak desire brings weak results.
Napoleon Hill
I wonder how liked my homemade hot dog this morning on fox 6 Milwaukee.
What are you up to tonight?
Very sad to see that it's up supposed to snow on Sunday 
Oh Tuesday night doctornking
Game of Thrones!
That game was cake
Maybe if I bang my head against the wall super hard, i'll knock out  wake up in 7 hrs for school.
I just saw your tweet about your dad!
How is he?!
D:
problemsolving is creativity, and doing so as a team with designers and engineers involved together  joy to me
I wish I could rewind to Saturday night.
What a magical night.
So happy right now : If you want something badly, you can get it!
i hope you have a concert closer to Kentucky, i really like you your singing, you have a great talent!!
The first thing my friends say is that I look like a mailman.
Greeat.
x
Awww!
I just asked Callie yesterday if she'd met Clair yet; she must have remembered.
So sweet!
Don't you just love ENA?
At church.
My long lost home.
3
Lifting the trunk door up, and revealing two brown bags Brown bagging it, baby.
Flashing a wide, playful grin
My favorite show:
I'm going to fail algebra next year, can't wait
the damn skunks still!!!!!
mike a stay knocking back cherry cokes
pattie wants justin to take it slow with selena.
and hes not ;o o.O
You could leave out the ...on a train part.
King Felix made his first career start
MANHATTAN AFFAIR
I want to be the next female body builder.
C'mon, I'm compact and bulk easily.
LoL!
Alright, alright  I'll ask !
We also use Omniture at my agency.
Not a fan!
GA is much more flexible for my analysis needs...and without the ridiculous 
haha,  I'm ready to come back home !
OF COURSE!
Rock it, brotha.
I'm rooting for ya!
Thanks everyone!
Especially We'll be replying to your questions as quickly as possible.
Have a wonderful weekend!
Even tho he said no i bet it is;
Thinking about East coast friends........
wtf yo my crack is gone some one o me money for touching my stash.
I saw some impressive custom Volkswagen models there.
Anything catch your eye yet?
I agree and my source apologizes.
It was NOT said in a public forum and the gathering was tiny.
e!
RT : Anna just finished the !!!
We are so proud!
Going all HornbostleSachs on us for MM???
eBooks and equity  maybe easy for affluent, but an issue for those in lessaffluent areas; library has to bridge digital divide
I think you should have a contest to see who gets it right!
i don't ever wanna be like you, i don't wanna do the things you do.
that feeling you get when you really like somone
Today is a very quiet day, mentally and physically.
HA HA!!
You dug deep for that one!!
Hanging out in the Coder Lounge
watching Making a feature in three days.
I like it!
so u know I had to put on School Daze right?
so why are you saying it
The SKY is the Limit
A belated Happy Birthday!
im sorry 3 there was a girl working who had an mgk tattoo and a guy wearig a shirt 3
Money make the world go round.
I honestly think its not the route of all evil.
To me a cheat meal consists of 2 bowls of Fiber One Original cereal with a protein shake as milk!
jlo performing on idol tonight?
so bummed i'll miss that.
truly bummed.
i'm sure it's gonna be amazing.
my sarcastameter just brokeLOL:
enough already!
8 spam emails in 1 hour is not ok!
I was over it at 1 per day.
Who do I contact to be removed from list?
I should've called the police on him last night..Family will turn on u quicker than a stranger!
So many things to look forward to: ArtAlive and Summer Salon Series at , Busker Festival and !!!
be happy darling!3
PSU Seminar.
All invited?
Is there an admission fee?
You do know that Jefferson was an atheist, right?
10BasicFactsAboutMe 6.
I really want to see the movie the Woman in black like, REALLY BAD.
Today is a good day!
:
My cockles are getting really warm up here
Crazy Halloween Weekend!
God bless and cover this day.
have fun at miller park tomorrow!
We softened 'em up with machetes.
what if all the hot VA music stars made a song  music video together?
you just tried to place my shirt : lol
at the Churchill Museum, go to Nov 11, 1918 on the board.
politeness in politicians?
Carl demaio completely ignored me in elevator!
Said hi he acted stuck up.
Why?
How I love 3 he's amazing.
But will I ever get noticed.?
yea mines
Buck is just an vastly inferior version of the Bogut free throw.
Ms.
Mead I am working on a song for your show with one of my artist Miguelito Lamorte, We'll have for you by this coming week.
same!
It's gonna be a long night
ah, I didn't know Russel and J had an anniversary to celebrate!
LOL
I'm definitely having one of those days...I might just keep quite till the weekend comes.
Distance clears my mind
I'd love to visit the philippines but I don't see that happening.
Just run, when u feel like u will die run another mile :
Domain has been purchased.
Now setting up SquareSpace.
A few more hours, and the rest of this bottle of Liberty School, and we're official
RT : Don't forget to speak positively about your competition  
Happy Record Store Day!
Play a record today!
Hm.
RT : Hello friends, family, and fans.
This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
I like cheese :
Peyton Manning had a very successful career w/ the Indianapolis Colts.
Where's he playing next year  do u think he'll continue his success?
She can pronounce mozzarella, prosciutto and gelato all night to me.
Great fight tonight Bigg Rigg!
Congrats!
Thrilled we could support you!
: Thank u guys for all the support
HARVARD SQ: CARAMEL APPLE and BANANA flavors.
Tastes so good it'll blow your mind, and then some.
Social media offers plenty of opportunity for your business because it is highly accessible and scalable to your market.
Demi is the only girl celebrity that can make girls question their sexuality.
haha thanks sweetie :D Whats news?
oh ok!
Is it a small town where your moving?
AskPierceTheVeil Can I be Mexican one day?
Mfers don't be talking bout shit
And the Brewers play again at noon...
Exhausting.
The Ides of March was SO GOOD.
Anyone looking for really creative programs, check out the MCA Denver.
They took risks w/ staff.
This is the result.
Haven't tweeted in a minute!
The ZAK!
Downtown show was amazing last night!
Look out for pics and videos soon.
I'm gonna have to figure out this F thing sooner I later I guess.
.
.
.
I want a heart with some quote, but not completely sure yet..
lol
So true!!
RT Please Let staff know asking for sugar free or certain milk is not vanitymay be HEALTH issue
Flash on Tap tickets will still be on sale at the door for both the full event and party passes.
See you there!
soo im sitting here bout to doctornk a milksake and watching Everybody Hates Chris
call me bro!
/ what Are you going this weekend
not necessarily...now you can procrastinate for even longer!
Oh, and I sell a kickass seasoned seaweed salad.
u.u !
Thx, you helped me 'cuz my spanish teacher is some calm, and sometimes I don't understand!
:P muy divertido!
Westminster Presbyterian Church's babycontest last evening was uproarious and the babies adorable.
ChuckNorris CAN eat just one Lay's potato chip...
so awesome.
it's really steve's fault tho, he made for a pretty bad first impression.
hahaha it was literally just us tweeting
Bible study tonight then going for a night run!
:
Watched the little mermaid in espanol in spanish class today:
BOOKED the lead role in MAC  CHEESE, a New York Film Academy Thesis film directed by Emister Lufte Cicek.
Shooting starts February 2010!
Thanks for the shout out , and happy FF , , and Happy Spring!
I have no fear of the 49's.
Bring that to Green bay in Jan.
I was there in 95 and will be there again in 2012
Heaven came down and gave us life!
You Deserve the Highest Praise
You're the harmony to every song I sing, but I wouldn't change a thing
I only trust the person that I see in the mirror .
I think I've discovered the secret of life  you just hang around until you get used to it.
Charles M.
Schulz
This group of bumbling ninny candidates only wish they could raise their status UP to that of one with Downs.
: What was your response?
when will I realize that the internet will still be here in the morning and I should just go to bed?
WOW, on LG's A list  I'm honored
thannks to I want McDonalds for breakfast...
I finally caved  bought an iPass today on my way to class.
I feel like it's a direct line from my wallet to big government.
Who went to the midnight premiere of The Hunger Games last night?
Did you enjoy it?
Have a good day, night, morning.
I'm going to bed; been sick all day.
thanks for the follow !
There are way too many protests happening at union square right now.
People need to coordinate.
This way, Bitch you nuts, look I only fucked you once, how you gon' get the message, I ain't called in months
StVincent sounds great!
I'm not emo, goth, rocker or whatever.
I'm just Ashley.
: Going home finally Run, Melanie, run!!!!
: Just got my tickets to the brew city stomp down.
this shit better crack it will!
that is an excellent observarion sir...point taken
The new Abandon All Ships is nothing special, but definitely an improvement from anything on Geeving.
I'll give them that.
I want all the books.
hahah : ur like the star football player there arent you?
Back in LA baby!!!
I paid 7 dollars last night for a slurpee at the MavsThunder game at the AAC.
signss of the apocolypse
: what's wrong?
nothing hun!
aawlc honestly, most of these questions were subjective.
Cheers to a coffee shot!
Trout Tickling is going to be big in 2012.
Tonight at the Launchpad Domestic Disturbance!!
and Miss Rock the Ink contestant submissions will be accepted!
as many hits as they've had, the M's should have won this one in regulation.
In the country with and
I'm so sorry to hear that...3
Tune in to the tomorrow morning btw 910am to see OlympicChamp perform on the Rock Center Ice.
doin' ok, man!
Much more career centered activity lately.
Cool to see all the ECers on stage at Gramercy!
Bed head, makeup down my face, and PJ's in the car, noice.
Cornelius Tacitus There can never be a complete confidence in a power which is excessive.
Most experts picked the Penguins as the playoffs unsinkable ship, but not only have they run into an iceberg, theyve hit rock bottom...
Season 2 of downtonabbey starts now.
if schooling means losing
U have such an adorable Twitter icon!!
you used the term beezo hah.
Excellent.
Test post from new phone.
good to hear man.
will keep your shoulder in my prayers
I promise in real life she's an awesome person!
Nothing in life is to be doctoraded.
It is only to be comprehended.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!.
I just wanted to tell you that your new album is amazing!
NotJustYou is an amazing song!
I've been listening to it all night
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
What about Tyngsborough?
broke out the vintage synths this weekend to put together some early80sstyle film score pieces.
Nothing can compare to the feeling of sleeping with a comforter fresh out of the doctorer.
I get inn till the sunrise, ayy!
Handed the heffie wort over to the yeast beasties...let 'er rip!
A queen's nightmare: Harassment, discrimination, double standards, you name it.
Cannot wait to tell you details!
have you heard anything about that shark movie?
Maybe we check it out this weekend!
Not working
Just because I'm from Georgia, doesn't mean I dated my sister...though Dad says she's a great Kisser!
:
u 2lol I have been able to get WiFi in like forever lol
I am in desperate need of some seltzer water
thanks for the RT!
LOVE THE SUPPORT!
Now Ben Bentzin speaking about Interactive Health Technology.
Fitness feedback systems for kids.
RT PORTLAND: Show had to be moved cuz I'm doing a tv show.
I am truly sorry.
I will be back!
Happy holidays to all my tweets.
The guys over at are awesome.
cc:
Missing her
ill bring the beer...but tell ur mom to back off because I'm with u lol
I cam already tell I'm going to hate work
Beautiful  looks very intelligent and legendary fan of Andoctora is very sweet to everyone.
She deserve love 
wow, congratulations!
RT : Congrats!!
is speaking about your book on 
Trying to figure out what song to sing :/ any suggestions?
The mean boy from Stewart little who has the good boat looks like jason from the iconic boyz!!
BBC radio!
3
I don't know if you realize this but ALL songs are about girls.
Except the one's girls write.
I don't know wtf those are about.
THANKS LINDSAY!
Robert Murase designed Collins Circle to refer to a Japanese symbol in basalt.
WHY in Goose Hollow is unkown
Yes, that too.
I actually want to see School of Rock now.
Didn't really think I would enjoy Jack Black but definitely did.
Follow me on Instagram Iridianquevdo ; ill follow back I just made one lol
Thanks to everybody who came to our first concert!
We can't wait to do this all over again on November 21st!
I speak for my girls if u got a man keep him nd hold until he does sumthing wrong if u dont got 1 get 1 nd do da same...
Hahahaha!
I wish!
He doesn't.
Hes to into the Swim team  his girlfriend.
:P
1 1/2 months before we move to the west coast!
omfg you beat up so many little kids that summer /3
Why did my mom just say is this Kanye West?
When take care came on the radio.....hit her with the biggest fkn stale face ever.
Thanks Dani, I swear this crap is gonna KILL ME.
LOL LOL!!
Should have been: packing.
What I actually did: watched this week's Flog.
Whoops.
great pic.
Can't wait for Little 5.
I have an uninteresting life
My fifth grade teacher died.
She was the best teacher I ever had.
Makes me sad.
ghettocrayolacolors Juicy J Yellow
Having your phone reset to factory specs.......the pain of setting up a new phone, without the fun of getting a new phone.
I never watch commercials, but I know ALL jingles
Lefthanders excel particularly in tennis, baseball, swimming and fencing.
Glad to see you Rick!
It was a big decision.
I stay more focused here on Twitter.
My email is brian.vallotton :
u bet man!
How about a
Really need to cut these personal fouls out
me  my mom have gotten so close recently and i love it!
she's my bestfriend
Eating foods with protein and oils from plants results in an increased lifespan
I'm going Western Conference, strong goalie, no cups.
Go Coyotes, Predators and
Lovely breakfast at the Windsor Rose Tea Room in Mt Dora today.
Just splendid.
Stay educated and informed abt ebook happenings.
It's ever changing.
Know what's going on and share w your staff and users.
You haven't seen the real walmart until you have seen them repaint the parking lot
So, when a prospective client says, I have already designed it, you just need to make it look GREAT should I laugh or cry?
childoctorn are not for me right now LOL
Twentythree runs scored in tonight's game.
TWENTYTHREE.
I love the new Doritos tacos at taco bell
RT : You can't knock on wood when playing Portland, they've already cut it uptrue
Need an opener for your tour?
How bout an unsigned artist: Saw you with Ed last time around.
Sonically pleasing!
One thinks that one is tracing the outline of a things natureone is merely tracing round the frame through which one looks at it.
wtgstn
Sure do.
We can say we knew him when!!
Congrats 2 on being named NABJs Emerging Journalist of the Year
hi, and an interesting fact, there are less than 400 likely D1 voters on twitter.
So powerful, but perhaps not useful.
So haven't started that paper for dailey I think I'm Gunna start a riot whoswithme!!!
And Phillip Phillips in the finals too!
I called it.
Boom!
my life goal is to lick nutella off of justin.
ok.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return...
I'm definitely a Meeks guy.
Even if this isn't the University of Jodie Meeks.
This is going to be a great week.
Count the miracles in your life just today.
God is always on time.
Rae Zapata, I don't know she is doing, and after hearing her in debates, she don't know either!!!
: Happy Chinese New Year!
It's the year of the Water doctorgon.
Get 9 oranges for good luck prosperity.
The kitchen is making weird noises!
no mate, i'm going straight to cannes this trip, but will stop by after the fest if you're around
There is no doubt that doubt exists, however, I'll not let a persistent doubt alter the future of my doubtful present.
Trog
Let's go Syracuse!
thanks girl!
Working on it!
It's Wednesday!
Empanada day!
Chicken or cheese.
Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies.
See you for lunch!
Are you still planning on using this handle?
Still at the studio Gettin it IN
thank you ;
appreciate the time tonight you killed it with the ball story
RT : Back to work ...
Austin 2mister wit da squad
IT DOES:
RT : There is so much we can all do to make a difference in the world.
Don't have to think big.
Start small.
Build from there.
What are your favorite songs right now?
We wanna know!
I really hate stupid doctorvers!
Its not hard to doctorve people, use some common sense!!!
good call  I think we're split 50/50 down the middle here
thunder and lightning and falling trashcans OH MY.
stay doctor and safe LB.
we love you, ya know?
me too!
hope u don't get stranded in the snow
We'll be at Stand 35 at ILTAINSIGHT nx week.
Find out how can help yr firm cut costs  increase productivity
share with me the blankets that youre wrapped in 'cause its cold outside.
share with me the secrets that you kept in, 'cause its cold inside
I really don't like my life at the moment.
have fun in Paradise!
We need to open a Really West Coast Office!
Ahi, wine, and Ted Bakery Pie!
Excellent, as usual.
Trying to be everything to everybody at the expense of our own balance and ease will not work
We are afraid that the inborn politeness of American men has spoiled some of our ladies.
By focusing on this, they're not looking at addoctorssing the real issues of food manufacturing  animal cruelty in the US.
I know!
Hahaha
Almost 2 years.
Started in summer of 2010.
ok i gotyou can u go on skype
GIRL BYE!
HERE YOU GO WITH THIS CAPS LOCK!
please go to the induction ceremony with
Friends don't let friends use paper.li.
It's truly a pointless twitterservice people, quit using it!
Me  gone fuck that girl in Ms.Gray class..
Social computing/HCI folks: Are there any classic texts that state what your field's primary concerns or purposes are?
Need em for a paper
i will send followers your way.
follow me
Previewing People Matter, a new film on participating in biomedical research, with
Watching a show on 9/11.
I'm crying so hard :'
aye!
RT : baby whatcha say we go pickin wildflowers?
got a spot way back in the woods, sneak away for a couple of hours.
Twitter i don't wanna fucking add my location to my tweets.
:
request done..
Thanks for the ff and hello good NY'ers
I swear to God if Wells Fargo keeps stealing my money I will go to every branch in Tucson and yell the fuck out of them.
happy birthday ;
I think Juwan Howard will be an asset now w/o Bosh, am I crazy or his exp.
will help us?
what's the bbq fest?
No cops?
Bless you, thankful for your encouraging post and prayer.
Happy Mothers Day!
Hugs
U w/ curly hair?
RT I should take job!
jan 5, when IU was contender 4 title, I said they'd b 5th n B10
wish Kristen's hair was up.
love the doctorss!
WOULD U SELL UR SOUL FOR FORTUNE  FAME
I need a mechanic!
Small engines a Plus Let's see if this Twitter stuff really works One of your friends needs a job!
ReTweet this
New O'Keefe video doesn't prove rampant voter fraud, it proves someone could commit perjury.
If this happened rampantly, we'd have records.
That heat pad really helped out my back last night.
Now the only pain I feel is the searing burn it left.
Nice OT win Pens!
Goal Letang!!
Yinz owe him an Irn.
: Who has 2 thumbs, a HUGE Diet Coke, and a pile of stuff to talk about filling in for this morning?
THIS GUY :
BABYGIRL IM SOO PROUD OF YOU, your finally becoming an adult!
butim not gonna say congrats yet!
because you havent hit the month.
If you miss TMI Tuesday, I'm starting it up tomorrow  and I'm bringing back so you can get the answers on Twitter again.
Please send details to and we'll make sure to help you out ASAP.
Thanks.
Collecting more interesting data for my book on CaliforniaHockey ...
Can't wait till next Sunday gonna be in Cali an on Sunday I'm going to Great America YEAH BUDDY it's just like six flags 
love me some maduro
they both are..
Lol
You know, I thought your name was Spanish for a while there...
; RT I wish I could speak spanish, seriously.
Have you read/did you like Twilight?
50 Shades of Grey started as Twilight fanfic and apparently still reads like it.
Just the .com or the .ws, .cc.
co.
tv, etc etc as well?
What bout these bitches out her fucking these big booty ass niggas.....Lmao
aw thanks guys : Sean, hope you have as much fun in Portland as you did in Vancouver!
Who says its a MAN'S world, Men only think so in MY world....Its a man's world inside a woman's universe!
we're eastside people through and through.
Follow us for locations and stop on by.
We have something for everyone
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when shes in one of them moods
Most communities have hundoctords to thousands of members, but SocialEngine has been used for millions of members!
Happy friday the 13th
We've noticed that there hasn't been a single fondling incident at ODU since you've been gone.
blwablwablwablwablwa!
To this day i'm still sad Metallic never got angry enough at their fan base for pirating their songs that they quit making songs.
So close.
sometimes i gotta let em know.
i'm small but i'm big at the same time!
Money doesn't make me.
I make Money Floyd Mayweather
It is.
It's just one of those books where you read the first two lines and immediately know you're in good hands.
Love that!
Watching the ten commadments
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
Oscar Wilde
reheats a leftovers show on WTJU.net from 24 pm
HELP  H, Ego, edging God out, Listening, Purpose.
Ken Blanchard
I so do understand that.
One more day until The New Era doctorps on digital outlets, including CDBaby and iTunes!
I'm aware of my flaws  you can't call that insecurity.
first d3 school to do it I believe.
Something in the water at u dubdub
Do not touch the customers!!
We sent you an email with some options...
do you like options?
How is that possible if the existence of communism means the disappearance of the state?
Thank God for Wolfram Alpha.
When we live our questions, life will give us the answers.
I know..
that is why i thought of you
ha.
no, was going to challenge you to some words with friends but couldn't figure how to send a direct message from my ipad :
you should put the pictures you took, up son :
I don't think I wanna watch this game anymore.
If anybody talking bout this 2k on Xbox hit me though lol
whats this Day For ?
I believe I am ready for PatsRun on Saturday BeastMode never sleeps!
I just finished a 6.12 mi run with Nike GPS.
superfantabulous news....
my Mayo checkup was so good yesterday I think I am officially ready to dive head first into that midlife crisis
Our prices reflect our core beliefs.
We believe everyone deserves access to healthy hair
I think I'll leave Leon alone for the night :
Waiting for busses at south station has to be the most boring thing...
If I could write you a song to make you fall in love, I would already have you up under my arm
you crazy
Success  There is only one successto be able to spend your life in your own way.
just for fun
your not fat its large
See.
Bulls on a 92 run.
Community Clouds are restricted, Public Clouds anyone can use if they are willing to pay, and hybrid clouds bridge both together
Yes.
Girl I was so scared.
The lady kept telling me I'm so sorry.
GO New York football Giants!!!!!!!
Hey Jayanti!!!!
Are we experiencing MIA?
When are you coming by to the office?
We miss you!
Miami never sleeps
Thank you!
Van fixed and made it to Baltimore for tonite's show.
Now its time to take some frustrations out on stage.
ya'll know that new jack white song is growing on me
Booze Issue is a great read.
First Friday info has us excited for the new things to come thanks to and team!
...thought I could get you to be mine.
What's the news today?
Breitbart still dead?
Limbaugh still a joke?
Romney still a curse on the GOP?
Yes?
Then I can go back to sleep.
Damn, this cold is making me way tired
Let's trade Pau and Bynum to get Dwight Howard.
Toddy tweets.
I couldn't even get all the way through ...
'would the Republicans have bitten on a ...?
NO!
Guess what folks?
We still have about 8 spots left for the 24hr Zine Challenge, happening this weekend!
Looking for a photographer who can work our step repeat banner at next weeks urban noise event / Brooklyn bowl!
Let us know!
a chance lol!
They have a CHANCE of bein blown out!!
The Packers feed off people thinkn they have a chance to win!!
Its a long 1
Not sure what I did to make that checker at Kroger so upset but he was very angry....
Maybe he just hates caguama?
I can't believe this day is finally here!
Gr8 destinations in
I want my relationship with my girlfriend to be built on trust, not toothpicks, rubber bands, and lentil beans.
Shout out to all my new followers!!!!
About to kill some music shit!
Congratulations on the new gig.
See you at !
Good bye Caballo Blanco.
Happy trails are yours forever now.
Slammed right in front of our turn!!
surreal!!
i'm learning so much in this biz.
how are you?
My cuzo Just Made My New Generation Top 5 list After he doctorp Sum Fly ass tracks Fo me!
Lots of new interest  industry metrics to check out RT : Im really liking the New  Improved PeekYou analytics
email me!
FF these friends are awesome.
fair enough :D I'll do my editing in FireFox for now.
Thanks for the awesome tool!
Hey Bianca !:D
How many names you got on herre
I have a fetish for shoes :3
homophobe free son.
On this day two years ago, I woke straight up like Frankenstein at 6 am to go get my mom from a hotel so that we could hit the hair salon...
PAUL MARTIN CURRENTLY HAS MORE PLAYOFF GOALS THAN ANY CAPITALS PLAYER
Heard the dougie on the radio today and immediately thought of ::
Aaliyah was my first actual fav singer...
I still miss her
Saw wrath of the titans it wasnt that great
thanks a lot!
As soon as my schedule opens up you, and all of will be my special guests.
Both Barrett and Conroy are interested.
Everyday should be Joust Day
Ah.
Yeah can't be too careful.
You don't call them pants?
All pants are trousers?
I call doctorss pants trousers sometimes, but jeans can't be trousers, for me.
my cat puked in the hall and all over the kitchen, howamisupossedtogetfood?
on our first Tweet :?
Greg Oden RT I wonder what LeBron will look like when he's old.
I rather not
We just got an 18 year old intern.
This is seriously going to cut down on the number of oral sex jokes I make in the office.
like forreal, i need therapy.
Follow!
MT: believe we can reach 14,500 followers by Friday?
We can do it!
FollowFriday adayearly RT!
Heeheee maybe .......
heehee I had this BIG yummy cupcake!
Too bad it wasnt Austin!
;D
Grr im going to sleep but I will tweet u laterz 3
Thanks for the follow, we'll tweet when you are back.
The issue w is simple.
Culturally they have been trained 2 minimize the customer.
How long past a delivery window is acceptable?
so que?
I wanna be real with you.
But not too much so you'll still like me.
the polling place by my house is hopping this morning!
If he was alive today, he would be a Billionaire!!
He sung with his heart and soul.
You dont get that today!
Everytime we argue I fall more for you.
Is that bad?
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Match sum....sumbody
Nice sign , I'm listening!
The key of C is doctorving me mad.
technically its parkville, but its really nottingham.
yeah billy said neal moved.
U guys still there?
Gotta love this job...
getting work done w/the crew
That dark day when seems like youre making a deal with the devil, and suddenly you turn it around with just a phone call ;
Yes, and I was trying to eat my lunch real fast and have time for a cig afterward.
That explains it!!
Haha
Are you a musician?
Please contact if you'd like to play at the Coffee House this summer.
People mag cover story on J Lo doesn't mention her history of cheating on spouse.
Would Tiger get same consideration?
Fade Out!
Final doctorft is done!
In love, you gotta act like a woman and think like a man
Thank u 4 following me back love :
When snot doctores out...
They crust.
lmao
Every Truly Creative Individual Has To Be Willing To Lose Their Mind
Happy mothers day  I love you mom 
RT : LUNA and me, the petit to the p cc
At Administrative Excellence Forum.
Questions or comments for me?
When is Volkswagen going to produce the Jetta World Peace?
Don't settle for less if you know you deserve better.
What's happening 951
Excited to see for a little SoNo action tonight.
Guys need to make up their mind.
You either like her or you don't.
Geez.
Any good Spirituality books?
I like asking for recommendations  don't be shy.
no..b/c that caretake album is amazing..while the remasters are neat ..but idk..i am kinda getting burnt out on K.
Shields PR stuff
STOKED!!!
3 I move into my new house in 1 month...that means a new background for all my Candids :p hahahaha
Gonna be hard going back to school tomorrow
On my way to sing for the beautiful folks at the Nashville Rescue Mission..
Howdy, I'm home!
Time to play some music.
i got hacked all the time
: My graduation is Friday,  I'm too excited.!!!!
that's what up, congrats
i know i just started laughing
TGIF!!
RT : Woohoo!
It's the weekend...what are your plans SanDiego?
We're excited for some great golfing weather!
we need to have a puppy play date soon!!!
Final N stafford 58 Brooke Point 39
Smh..
Jus came back from vacation  now anotha off day..
I guess time 2 clean up..
Good Morning!
best feeling in the world: finding the pots after mom hid them on you.
heads up in sorrento valley.
sorrento valley boulevard is closed.
not sure why but I hear helicopters.
It was fantastic seeing you too!
What a great festival and what a cute pic.
I hope you and come to pdx soon.
Now on to the
RT CONGRATS!
to Adam Sandler  deserved that award and many more!
squarespace im not giving up yet?
and bring on the rain
I love the 4 x 100 it was my favorite I was either anchor or first leg
Safety class fucking sucks so boring and 5 hrs long
Craig A.
Sonner, George Zimmerman's nowformer legal adviser: I know 100 percent what his phone number is.
Daily Muse: Life is as Easy or as Hard as You Think it Is!
Jonathan Lockwood Huie
It was 2 hours long.
Food was excellent!
Convo was acceptable.
Mostly stayed off academic topics.
You can guess why.
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't kid yourself!
Everyone has their shots retouched...it's about making a great shot even better!
The ache of loss is difficult to bear, and often the worst part is the fear that nothing exists behind the ache except a void.
