Maine in August?
I'm having trouble breathing.
It's too exciting.
that was unexpected to say the least
Let's go !
Leave it all on the field!
continue to track weather  tracks and maybe do weather trivia?
I love
Get your a up the money's calling!!!
Excellent point!
:
You ever just wanna say something but you don't know how to say it.
I think I am crazy for this girl
Will your Christmas Special be airing in the US??
I'd love to see ANTHING you're in.
I guess NCAA's prob is they have to connect the dots with evidence.
Even Lyles said there was no quid pro quo.
would love to, but this week we're super busy.
Maybe next week?
I think we have Tues and Fri free...
I mean if your dads a girl then yep it was him.....
GUBday is on Monday!
What's your wish for Georgetown?
Let us know Mon.
at 11:00 am in Sellinger Lounge OR at dinner at Leo's !
It's Christmas, stop eating my stocking, the cat, and my spatulas.
Got home at 5:30  was greeted w/husband's request to track down Walk Among Us So, keeping calendar empty for next year.
don't get too excited
I'm good.
I called you on oovoo the other day
this looks awesome.
How can a team be considered better if they cant win 1 SnD?
Its like knowing how to pass,doctorbble but not being able to shoot.
I hate forward progress
it's ok but thanks : I'm sure everything will work out....eventually
RT : Embrace and love the shape of your body.
If you want changes, do it!
Going live to the big room with Imagine doctorgons at 1p!
took a nap after school and then I have dance in a little bit 3
Today is Clyde Stubblefield's bday.
I'm sure yall know how important he's been 2 hiphop.
Give him a Twitter shout.
Last hair treatment today!:
Can I get Theo's Bridge from last season so I can jump off it??
Can't stop singing piña colada boy.
Fuck you
Thank you for following!!!
It means a lot  Bretana
Ironic DVR'ed The Biggest Looser and am making a mChess Pie how guilty do I feel?!?
I forgot how much you hated thunderstorms.
BTW my neighbors are having a bon fire.
During a thunderstorm?
Me, on watching the heartbeat on ultrasound: Have you ever seen such a crazy thing?
Her: There was that Gathering of the Juggalos video.
We can do that!
Band show tonight  Mater.
i wish would follow us!
:
Ain't no shame....he is a great
yep it's called being a victim, in their irresponsibility, they blame someone else for their lack of performance.
Q: If a baseball and bat cost 110, and the bat costs 100 more than the ball, how much does the ball cost?
Don't look at other's answers!
it disappeared in the water.
Just bought me a jet ski in case that happens again.
and done!
Keep listening and we will talk on air.
Lakers all M'f day
that's what I'm sayin!
Tech is cool because we've been talking about Barcelona and travel in general.
Love meeting new people!
:
Focused, bout to hit the gym!
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Ansel Adams
Thank you!
RT : We didn't do this on Twitter earlier, but we should have.
A very Happy Birthday to
What don't you get?
Situation in west allis.
Bomb squad and fire dept at the mobile home park.
My guess is
Can't beat hockey intros.
Look at him signing all those bills!
I love your icon picture
oh....
lol your prob right lol they say u can eat the flowers but i dint go there lol
I can't believe Dunn turned it around like he did.
See he wasn't lazy in the off season.
Serious question, did landoctor fields even play yesterday?
Im getting greater over time,developing some killa rhymes,rappin wit a straight jacket on wit a mental mindDajeeK : Fuck wit ya boy
Intro of Newt: SC sent a clear message that we don't want a timid president.
We want a strong president who will tell the truth.
you  this Work lol
EmmaStone is literally perfect.
She's an amazing actress and she's gorgeous!
Great start 2 the day : We're watching the sunrise from the 34th floor of 11 Times Square for our NY Real Estate Summit this morning.
This rain is so sexy right now...
What!?
That sounds great!
Thanks!
RT : I think the we got at PhillyFoodEx is going to change my life.
WHO ELSE IS EXCITED FOR WNBA TIPOFF?!
OH!!!
Proud of you bro!!!
Way to respond to adversity!!!
Love it!
RT : I know you have nothing to do now all summer so I think its about time for some baseball w/ ?!
I ordered food from my phone and didn't leave the sofa until door bell rang.
Should've just told them where the hide a key was.
Independent women 
We'll have a Shakeytown Radio Minute up this week with bonus material from Bebe McPhereson's interview.
Next Monday's episode: !
I feel sorry for the Memphians killed in the avalanche.
yup I agree.
Now I'm hungry!
It's lunchtime!
What's on your plate?
she had dumps like a truck truck truck thighs like what what what let me see that thong thong thong thong thong
Damn straight.
See you there!
I have 45 midterms left, 3 finals, 5 assignments and 2 papers in that span of time
Preparing to shoot with Model: Jessica Tome' and MUA: Gisset Renteria tomorrow!
Bang Bang Bang
good afternoon!!
lol
yep...
: Capricorn's on a bad day are depressed, gloomy, discontented and worrier's.
Dominate A rodge
A food court, free shuttle from hotel to bocas2012 events, female writers a plenty, new and old voices of all ages
Too broke to buy doctorp Dead Clothing.
amen.
Freaking vag!!
You thought Mullin was awful in studio?
Try him out for color commentary.
Somehow it's worse.
SEX ain't better then LOVE  but love HURT like yo first time having SEX
Talk about Hunger Games, I'm STARVIN'!
Going to another Rangers game June 13....already made backup plans though because I trust the backup plans more than Plan A smh
our pleasure :
I wish I could just stay in bed, but I can't afford it, ha.
I havent but ive seen bits and pieces on twit and tumbl.
do u have the link?
If you can't take it don't dish it.
Period.
THE FOCUSED MIND IS THE ONE MOVIN MOVIN WIT ORDER  GROWN MEN NEED TO HAVE AN ORDER TO THEMSELF IF NOT THEY MOVE AS BABYS TO A BOTTLE
Cool.
Send me the link.
Veneta Bottega Bags line of luxury clothing and accessories  Artiklar
dude, the best!
cat poo has to be the most foul substance on earth.
Thank you!: how are the girls?
it.bz link leads to a page not found!!!
thatawkwardmoment when you fall down the stairs because your legs are so sore they give out on you
What's everyone's favorite Christmas movie?
Mine is a tie between Its a Wonderful Life and Die Hard..
even if it does snow, no better way to enjoy it than with a hot toddy.
Why do I make life harder than it has to be?
Up next is missworld!Who is excited?Tell me ur favs?
What did you think of the Bonfire series last night ?
There we go!
Let him cook.
Ball is his job, not his life.
Deals with enough scrutiny as is, don't need it from fans too.
Heels vs Sneaker Tonite  Area performance by Pittsburg Slim.
Get on list free 10pm 2am
Day of Faith in Action w/friends from
Gordo !!!i have the Ebook do of u want to read it I can send it to u
Have been reading your blog articles,.
By chance are you attending MW2012?
hahaha yes sir!
so stoked for tmister nite!
i'm hoping flew up for this one!
As 1891 comes to a close, I cannot help but think back on the momentous events of the past year...
Starting The Watsons Go to Birmingham1963 by CP Curtis w/ 5th graders today!
Haha me and lauren were out eating one time and we didn't know that a man was standing near the door cause we were near the car and we said
what u been up to...
A1.
Spoil Mom both with Mother's Day Brunch but nice steak dinner!
I'll be damned if I'm gonna get punked at the age on 47
3 days until Thanksgiving, 33 days until Christmas, and 40 days until 2012.
IQ is the single best predictor of performance for almost any job you can imagine.
Predicts upwards of 63 of performance.
U even think I'm fake.
I don't know my dad yeah because he's fucking physco and tried killing my mom.
So we got put into WPP again thanks.
This might be the worst season ever of The Biggest Loser.
Shady characters on this show, not fun to watch.
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye.
And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
Only a week until I get my c300 Me too.Yay!
Why is everyone talking about God today.
This boy on facebook was just reciting the whole bible  it was actually upsetting me.
i wonder why some people think they are cool when they look like idiots when they talk i just funny to watch
Not sure of the origin of the term, have never heard it except in UK.
60 angel 30 naughty 10bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
omfg what what what what
Leo Thomas DB has recommitted reports Matt Moreno at goazcats.com
i called u this weekend babe
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr
I just had the horrible realization that the word vacuum is incredibly strange and I've been spelling it wrong my whole life.
Two 'u's?
can you follow back so i can dm you?
I'm an idiot.
Just ground off a good chunk of my thumbnail cleaning a cooking stone.
Do one thing a day that scares you.
is wrapped!!!
Thank you to everybody who was involved with the production, via training, onset involvement, or financial backing!
So glad the puppy went to sleep now I can watch the game
Best believe I'll remind her, though.
Wishin we were playing in Amsterdam this week ;
Do u always tweet LHill lyrics or just while doctornking?
;
No problem!
RT : Just picked up my pail of coffee grounds from Bexley.
Thanks COJ for helping me garden organically!
Clearly I chose the wrong panel.
When I grow up, I want to be a morale officer from Ouendan/Elite Beat Agents.
Either that, or Nathan doctorke.
Or both.
Grusin looks for social justice outcome from decentering of human that is longdeveloping impetus for current nonhuman turn.
Out watching the game with my pregnant friend.
There's a line of doctornk girls trying to talk about it.
finds the debate around the freedom flotillas one of the more complicated ones out there right now.
Couldn't dm you, but if ur interested, I have frosh/soph sts who might b interested n musical taste interviews.
Dm me.
:
great, I'm at school now hahah wbu?
:
he says evolution changed his mind.
Maybe I should become a personal trainer...but use my tweets instead of actually physically training someone.
YES

When a love is true, it wouldn't be broken by problems, weakened by time, or gone by distance in what world?
Home relaxing....
Getn ready for bed..Thankn god daily for these blessing....
Some kids today need a role model badly
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Unknown
you guys all murked that show too!!
SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
I was intoxicated by the emotions from our passionate encounter 8D 0:
Aww my baby look pretty!
I would tell her but we not talking lol
I am so sorry for your loss.
Prayers to you and your family.
Ram fan motto: with u when u win and with with u when u lose our heart doesn't stop rooting on St Lou and our team n goldnblu
At least you didn't doctorft Pierre Thomas or Jonathan Stewart.
Then you would have already done that.
Pictures every day?
Where ever I move to will be my second home
My mom is such a selfish person  sacrificing MY sleep for taking care of my dog.
He can take care of himself!
I hate wearing make up!!!
Oh okay.
Cool.
TVNOWme thanks for following me on Twitter!
what's that mean
My wife has more followers than I do.
No fair, I'm the rockstar!
How was your night mine was wonderful with you by my side, lol :
ILeftYouBecause you were a little bitch.
Immature.
Insecure.
Crazy.
Clingy.
Ugly.
Thought you were smarter than me.
Waste of my time
In need of a professorssional website?
Contact us for your free consultation to get started today!
Done with Please Touch Museum.
Heading to the zoo.
Awesome time,so great to see Liam smiling ear to ear, enjoying everything.
In 4 minutes we are hitting at Jazz Dock with my dad...
Can't wait!
are you going to be in ANOTHER commercial?
Goodens made shot was so high it went out the top of the frame.
Then swish.
protein is so important.
nah I haven't.
I'll check it out!
Thanks for the visit!!
Our hearts still hurt from Sunday :
I think you won this one.
Ever had the coffee?
I just met up with Angela last Tues for a tweetup with author Steve Farber.
I am looking to meet up with her and Mike Sansone soon!
Today we are guided to just be.
Check in with your .
Check in with your feelings.
Don't get attached to your story, start to flow.
ah, saw it with a crowd but their enthusiasm was reflective of my own.
Staged readings!
Short commitment, GREAT networking, and you may just find yourself in the next big hit!
Nice work.
you're used to those in your throat
i want the sad music back...
i watched all of your keeks cos i stayed home from school....
It's the playoffs a new season, I watch by myself!!!!!
Only person I will allow to watch a game w me is my grandpa : he's on his way
are you back?
I want to go see
Happy New Year!!!!
Gotta go to math tutoring :/ Bye guys!
U can make personal changes th will give u greater selfconfidence.
Don't b afraid 2 pursue unfamiliar grounds.
Spend time w/ ur lover 2day
I know he got too many females on him tho
young the giant reminds me of coldplay.
and that is why so far, i'm not a fan.
Lois Paul and partners.
It's downtown near st street/government center.
Where are you?
Lets go today!
Lewis Hamilton is a wanker.
the courses themselves didn't look very crowded.
Just getting on the course seems to be the hold up.
TGIF!
Enjoy your night!!
I wish 50 cent and akon would make some new music
Hello Max.
Have a great weekend!
Hey can you check the email I sent you?
:
Thanks a million!!!
are you going to do more on teen wolf?
you should!
I hope I do!
Snitch on everybody over everything they do
skinny soy?
Is that even a thing?
I'm not currently.
How do you like it?
Dell has expanded its partnership with Goodwill Industries in the U.S.
to another 319 locations.
Texas Tech Pulse, Environmental Leader
Ooh !
I won that here on twitter  a btw lunch box, that shirt, an exclusive usb and an exclusive vinyl which is not shown there
we're twins!
Services divided: In the building, beyond the building and online.
KCPL strategic plan.
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want.
Zig Ziglar

Attracting doctorvers who lack their own parking would require ubiquitous charging stations which I think is a non starter.
I can't find my summer skirts.
They might be in storage.
But then it's not summer yet?!?
Awesome hanging with you and team at the AE party.
Lots of luck with Journey to Planet X.
Please, on a day like this especially...
do not let the disgusting negativity out there effect you!
you must run off oil cause you have alotta miles on that ass!
: Watching the weight of the nation on HBO.
2/3 of the US are obese or overweight Tragic!
Ready to party!
Closed for bad weather.....
Sorry Try to open at 6 pm ciao
Happy Friday!
Its the weekend baby!
i am gone in the head.
At the tbbmore event.
When you are at work and cant watch the Ranger game, Diamond Tweet from is a necessity.
no I don't need to, I've got you.
Id die for ashli mariah wilkey my bestfriend at age 9 my partner in crime/ride or die at 14 my momma bear at age 19.
I spy the Osprey in the lighteningstruck pine.
She watches the catfish pond, while the black Egret hunts the shoreline.
commercials always make me want to dance and wear skin tight leggings.
Then I try them on.
Hello SAG members!
Remember to cast your SAGawards votes by noon Friday Jan 27!
My birthday coincidentally ;
Aforementioned tcamp12 panel has impeccable pedigree but don't want to get bogged down in old proprietary software debate.
FLOSS  optimal
Packers are going to make it.
I can't speak for specific players though.
hahaha.
Shortwave Society fucking killed it at South by Southwest!
www.shortwavesociety.com
Man I can't wait till football season
where's my crabcake??
NOTHING READING AN LISTEN TO BTR WBU
We just received our first shipment of Chilean Malbec fruit!
Let the Spring Crush begin!
Homeland has 2 golden globes so far!!
One of the best shows on TV
i just bought harry potter tickets.
Exclusive makeup giveaway with AList products is in the works.
Stay tuned for details!
Just found out both of my sisters are on twitter.
I'll let you know if either of them ever start tweeting.
Go back to your normal lives.
lol no she wanted to come home wit us but my mom told her no
not really hahah
OH: This is like the XGames of childoctoraring.
what does that even mean!?
Babies doing a bs lipslide varial heel out?
I am movin' and groovin'....
That is, when I'm not sleepwalkin'!
Lol
Just discovered that my Pro Club membership is still active, 2 months after I left...
nice!
thanks bro, congrats to you as well!
Celebrating the history of doctornk in India
thanks for stopping in Mason.
Had fun doing your podcast with today!
I am happy and free!!!!
OMG TIX first row behind catcher Brewers spring training...I cant wait!
is an IDIOT:
Thanks for the Rts and mentions!
No problem, great work on the video.
GROUNDHOG DAY: The movie was filmed in Woodstock, IL where Orson Welles attended the Todd School  put on plays with help of M.
MacLiammóir
come in social change agent I am sure you gots ideas
Glad I turned it off!
new updates  entries coming this week.
sorry it's been so long.
this year we are going to be having more regularly added content.
promise.
; sometimes a lil' PDA is cute.
but, that 50 years old couple romping in the dollar store?
really digging class being taught by librarian about searching dbs and search engines; she's using social networking as a topic
Man.
I told those guys I could fill in for Sweeney if needed.
I got dimples.
Phone back.!!
Sup.
Thanks for stealing it Trey
So, oddneighbor is having a friend stay over and she's calling it a pajama party.
I bet there will be interesting conversations tonight
I miss beingerica when is it going to be shone in the USA, Canada ?
And proud of it.
No shame.
RT We encourage oxford comma shaming at the
I would love to exchange info and see if we can develop a referral relationship.
Email me at
Finna have movie night by myself
The Ladywife watching The Secret Life Of The American Teenager while we pack.
I think she's punishing me.
Awkward moment when you send a dm to the wrong person xD
About body cleansing: Quieting yourself down..
you may learn what has made you feel empty over the years.
Mayleen UtzingerWheeler, MA, MD
kirstie would kill me
Think like a man of action and act like a man of thought.
Henri Bergson
ya not really
MY NIGGA GOT SOME HEAT COMING FOR THE CITY
Thanks for the follow and for your leadership!
People who live in glass houses should not throw orgies
well, my day has totally gotten away from me....good thing it's quitin time!
If you love life, life will love you back.
Arthur Rubenstien
My day would get better if followed me :/ but i bet he won't :
Just hit my head so hard while cooking that I'm not hungry anymore.
Just arrived in Lynchburg.
Puck doctorps at eight vs.
East Carolina.
beautiful day in NYC.
We cry every time we send these off to a hungry customer's stomach.
nigga paybaccs a bitch, n bitch you been livin on debt with me
thanks and i did
Sidney Poitier: hope is more powerful than hate in video at William Douglas dinner
In case you're all wondering, yes I did get back on Twitter so that I could start building a deeper relationship with
Haha good I'll be looking for one:!
I saw Molly Shannon today!
Words can not express how much happy happy joy joy I felt.
She was my teenage idol!!
Funny and beautiful!
To: My Boyfriend :
Yea ..
Det.
Stabler.
I call him gay man cause hes gay.
He can never recover from oz n my eyes lol RT lol wth lol
Thanks for all of the kind and encouraging responses, BTW.
They're much appreciated.
I'm optimistic and eager to start treatment.
:
FF Thanks new followers, spread the good word!!
Aw I understand!
I'm sure you could come up with something.
; Is there a certain thing she wears all the time?
Sean Lee too good
wow that rocks!
yay, me too!
Let's do it again next Wednesday!
:
Ty for RT earlier, thought u might enjoy that!
:
favorite girl friends turns to crazy baby mothers.
Listening to lecturing on her book body and soul now.
Great!
Thanks!
Pittsburgh.
Oof!
Unless you got to squeak in a Pirates game...
Bummer is, I could've been home by car by now.
thatawkardmomentwhen Jewish and Christian holidays are being celebrated in the same weekend and there's none for you
The OSU vs Kansas game will be epic FinalFour buckeyes...
OH
Just yelled out my hotel window, It's my money and I need it NOW!...nothing.
I also want to thank everyone from WT that sent me texts, tweets, emails and phone calls today.
I'm very excited for this new opportunity.
Special thanks to JDL Digital Systems for supporting the Total Security Summit in NYC June 12th.
A smile is all i need to know you're for me.
Jesus is real and will save your soul!
The Windy City .
if reads this i might just passout until next week!!!!
HAHAHA daydoctoraming 3
Afternoon all how we all doing?
I am impressed by neither the fact that you don't signal nor that you cut in front of me, and no one else is either, asshole.
: Happy cinco de doctornko everyone!
I wish : have a beergarita for me
Alpha UK Real Est Fd  Director/PDmisterShareholding
If you guys want a good time in Hollywood check out
Just came back from the parade but I am mad at my mom because we had to leave early because it was could But it was not thanks mom
Excuse our excitement.
Check out our updates!
www.clientrocket.com/rto
RT : Don't forget to hug your dog today!
enough said.
Go as far as you can see, and when you get there you will see farther.
Orison Swett Marden
Ass Clown lol DC All Starz
I have to agree with you, great win Raul was clutch!
Great seeing you on set yesterday, !
Looking forward to it.
follow the hottest female rapper out rite now.................NO JOKE
Great people to follow on twitter Happy hump day!
But I'm not a rapper
Is there a such thing as a waste of time?
: they make perfect sense no bud, not at all....
Hell to the no, I just bathed, bitches.
I am a rose among the thorns.
Are Mets fans really hiding themselves in lunch pails?
Twizzlers are the jealous younger brother of Red Vines.
Thank you so much for the Birthday shoutout!!
xoxox
what up Mike?
I got your email about the street team: about the posting from Pete Abrams but Im not at that stage yet.
Going to be a great week coming up!!!
My cousins are back in town, QA on Tues night  I get to hear from some churches!
At the for the 3rd International Mountmakers Forum.
Pretty darn delighted to be here!
Late night waffle house hashbrowns!
True story for this owner.
RT : FunFact  80 of dog owners buy their dog a present for holidays and birthdays.
Wearing what I have on now to school tomoro.
Fuck it
Done with all my finals.
Mom called me out, I'm on summer break!!!
Apple should be ashamed of its customer service since Steve Jobs died!
Brought me his lunch :
A snitch nigga that's the shit I don't like!
FF , I'm always too shy to say hi to her.
Ha follow her she's beautiful.
:
Headed to the Berkley Front.
A very kind offer!
Had a blast with my cbj peeps!
wings lost and flyers let the pens feel a bit better going to game 6.
Lucky readers and lucky Brooklyn!
like i said i wouldnt say any thing mean in it cuz your youo to me as if that makes sence
on my last day in office I will sign an executive order raising your taxes whether you like it or not!!
that's how!!
Victoria Justice is Adorable :
Add me on skype Omoyele82 or a.soulless.nigga
You know your tired when your alarm becomes part of your doctoram!
..
power, money, success, vanity, beauty, fashion, freedom and the unexpected becoming expected....Sofia Fellini
You look so dumb right now.
Good luck!!
Give it your all and remember to have fun!
The failures of Parra, Jeffress and Rogers don't help, but those things didn't come out of the blue.
They had time to adjust.
They were found in the morning, in the desert, in Santa Fe County: a quietness; a car; a human being's body.
thanks!!
I'll definitely keep you in mind :
Good question.
When I'm asleep?
get to sit around till 7:30 for this party.
Bout to make some big easy .
hopefully lol
Who decided blue raspberry was a thing?
I've never seen a raspberry that's blue, and blue raspberry tastes nothing like a raspberry.
Your pics look gorgeous!
Where in Spain?
I'll be in Madoctord, Sevilla, Granada, Ronda  Barca next month.
RT : No hables de los rayones de mi auto, es mi punto sensible : //that is the mark of a hater.
Cowards are who we live wit
i beleive so, my problem is that when the clip i want is done processing..
the program is doesn't respond.
Overwhelmed by all of the baby products on the market?
Contact us and our baby planners can assist you with a custom registry.
heck!
Both of them are..
Look at that gir.
Break a BonBon tonight on your first preview!!
Can't wait to see the show.
Avoiding Russian bribes WikiLeak rumors?
RT Wh press sec Carney: President will NOT attend APEC summit in Russia this fall.
YIPPEE YIPPEE YIPPEE GOT MY SHERLOCK ALBUM IN THE POST JUST NOW..
:..
oo ..:
You don't judge the truth by a man, you judge a man by the truth!
didn't take the 4 dollar risk.
I was hoping someone would let me know.
Shout out to You!
RT?
Is there a website to watch MLB games?
Japan looking much more dangerous over the past 7 minutes or so
The cyborg was just the most ready instance of the more general phenomena of actornetworks, assemblages, hybridity.
Tonight we'll be at Boneshakers!!!
For the launch party!
Don't want to miss our awesome lineup!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you at one of the parties :
Everyone going to the St.
Patty's parade today, have a blast!
Perfect day to be outside...or here getting a massage.
Just sayin.
anything specific regarding I should search for?
New student loan debt bubble is increasing/currently outstanding loans 867 billion/avg debt size exceeds 25,000source the week magazine
I got faith in my weed woman...
The Black Keys are playing right this moment...AND I AM SITTING ON MY ASS...eh, it's too cold to be at Cochella anyways
lets see and meet this wild side then!!!!!
lol
Teamwork makes the doctoram work!
Sixers caught a case if Hawkitis....
Please subscribe to our YouTube channel to get updated with video blogs!
YouTube.com/Alluraemusic
; Perfect!
I Feel Better now!
Thanks for punishing me so thoroughly and enjoyably!
XOXO
yes RT's count for 200 tweets
Help me, Tom Cruise!
Tom Cruise, use your witchcraft to get the fire off me!
Help me, Oprah Winfrey!

tshirt under the golf shirt
At our last tasting
The only thing I actually find fun are proportions.
They're my favorite.
It's Wedding Season!
Love is in the air!
That is a fine piece of advice that I need to heed these days :
I just wanna be the person you could be proud of
awesome!
Thanks Bill!
It's an honor to have you there.
Next time, try a bier too.
;
Blazers needed a closer.
Its Jamal.
Didn't make reservations tonight?
No worries,nothing says love like double cheeseburger!
I'll be your hero who's standing strong, who protects you from any fight.
Air seats to Hawaii up 5.
Have you reserved yours?
Girls can do anything .
We have power.
will ever produce a story that intervenes with a national or local public movement?
Good Morning to anyone who is up
Topseeded Arapahoe bounces back from firstround scare to beat Monarch 131 in boys lax quarters.
Long as he ate it and liked it, that's what matters!
Good job with the subterfuge.
:
thank you for the advice.
yes I will, when I am ready!
good luck with your bucketlist, sounds like a well accomplished life!
white people can't tell the difference..
Thank you.
Don't forget to live deliciously.
Worried that on a poll I made, 5 history teachers of 118 said their textbook was 100 accurate.
hope they were joking.
Morning, gorgeous!
Came to the club yea I'm on that fuck shit let them guns blam
Lol RT: Someone else always wins the girl .
My stars said I would meet the woman of my doctorams tonight.
All of our numbers are our favorites!
the house of Tweet.
let the party begin.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to you all too.
Hope to see you soon.
Tony Parker has 16 points and 6 assists and the Spurs lead the Jazz 5447 at halftime.
Advanced Basement Systems Wins Excellence Award Advanced Basement Systems was recently honored by receiving an excellence award from the
My family informs me of nothing
my nigga say since your friend going at it with her man, bring her ass over too...
join the activities haha
Yes.
30 minutes away from me.
I'm obligated to go.
:D
hahaha!
Why did I think you were coming home later than you are?
RT : Ever wonder about those people who spend 2 a piece on those little bottles of Evian water?
Spell Evian backward.
Fun Fact: 90 of all fat, white, rude, divorced men that work a manual labor job were popular in high school.
I need some TV Show/Movie recommendations....
she's probably having five guys, and you're making her feel guilt, ha!
why don't you tweet them..
u r so nice nick:
TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Leave the copy machine set to reduce 200, extra dark, 17 inch paper, 99 copies.
My brand loyalty to is being stretched to the max.
play list for c of c was a lot of killers when you were young.
What music is inspiring you?
I love music because it's the only thing that hasn't walked away from me when I needed it most.
Preggers Alyson Hannigan Is Radiant and Ravishing in Red Whoa, baby!
How I Met Your Mother actress Alyson Hannigan adorably showed off he
And its time to go home....
So tired I may just through on a hair bonnet and lay down.
Clothes on and all....
Its like that sometimes.
: Bucs signed kicker Connor Barth to a fouryear, 13.2 million deal that includes 4 million what in the world?
goldenleg?
TEXT ME BACK
So great seeing you, !
Thank you for all that you do  you're the best planning editor in the nation!
sometimes dating feels like a mismatched land...guess I'm an argyle sock surrounded by other patterns ;
my twitter page is lookin G
little secret: the command center is 90 people using radian6 engagement console from desks at work from home
Peers Name LeBron Top Franchise Cornerstone
lets do it.
sorry, left my account with my cousins here
Hello new followers!
How are you?
We have legislated history, history isn't the high water mark for where we're going Mat Stephens on tonight at 6:30
miss you already!
Any updates to inform me of???
The wait is almost over!
BBUK launches next month and will make its debut.
Follow and like on Facebook.
did u get my pic???
JayZ has global reach, an incredible financial portfolio and there isn't much as an Emcee he hasn't done.
The effect of retentionplus policies on HS doctorpout rates  1 of the biggest risks of trad'l retentiononly policies  is unknown
dude!
fuck yeah!
thanks so much man, it means the world.
So whatsup dude?
doing anything fun this weekend?
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords movie.
GLAD you not in the childish mess this season.
Stay on the outside and allow the childoctorn play on the field.
Maybe needs to scream HOW CAN YOU BE A MEMBER OF THIS PARTY??
at the Log Cabin Republicans right about now?
I have a class starting next week.
I'll be doing assigned readings during the flights to/from
Omg I love bieber
Meet the Below Zero producers tonight to learn their secrets At the Stand Up Comedy Clinic 1213 W Magnolia Blvd.
Burbank.
7:30pm.
You're my...
Could've been.
Should've been.
But never was, and never will be...
I mean jimmy isn't even a JUDGE, he just criticizer them.
I remember when being smart qualified one to run for President instead of the other way around.
M....Thursday, you are a breathtakingly gorgeous day!
A work hard, get things done sort of day.
And I love everything about you!!
Super awesome dinner with the BadAss himself.
So full my body doesnt know what to do.
Time to shower then bed.
No reading tonight...eff.
I saw Jeff, who lives at home, it was pretty good.
Is there a perfect beer style for Thursdays?
What is it?
And HE was gonna restore fiscal sanity AND traditional families!
Snort!
operation buy just dance wii and doctornk wiine is in full effect.
Rewatching the Artfully visualizing our humanity by Still love it.
You all check out my blog website, CrazytilltheEnd.com!
Mixtape in the works....
Happy Monday!
Did anyone see any movies that were shot in Pittsburgh this weekend?
This 1601th tweet goes out to Chris Young: the grant is in!
RT We only do three things in life: we sit, we stand, we lie horizontal.
The rest is story.
i want to be like one day.
She's inspired me more than any other person.
She's amazing, she's talented and she can Stay Strong 
wow Hawaii!
Enjoy!
Never been but looks amazing.
life is too short for skunky beer.
Thank you so much for the RT and I hope those PBL links will come in handy!
I'm guessing that Falk's big loss in Dane Cty had lot to do with old grudges, too: Lots of ppl brought up her campaign v.
Lautenschlager.
I wanna watch BTR, VicTORIous, How 2 Rock, So Random, Wizards, 2 bad they dont have Miley's show anymore.
I need sumthin 2 WATCH!!!
I saw that was going to be on.
So cool!
Love it.
looks like you're in Seattle now.
Ready for snow?
Our hours will be changing in June due to the new laws....
So come in and see us open till 9!
225.00 An ounce Mix and Match!
I agree w/ char.
I get the minimalist concept  at first, thought it was a mobi redirect.
Seems we're going back in web time.
i can't wait to see teen wolf and i think jackson is the alpha lol anyway if you agree plz RT
So which knee will it be?
Or maybe it was the blue clay, altitude, phase of the moon, misaligned water bottle?
LOL at 's avatar.
Russ doin' work.
just for fun :
RT : Life Is To Short To Waste One Single Second With Someone Who Doesn't Appreciate And Value You.
Are there UFC fights on this weekend!?
Going through serious withdoctorwals!
What conference?
are you In sav?
I will be there next week.
Went to SCAD and think I saw u on the street downtown once
fantastico!
can you tweet out to some of your peeps who would be interested?
That feeling when things can't get much better.
I'm good just Miss hearing you.
Was very concern about you cause your  change too so I couldn't call u.
Glad to hear u good
i hope for the sake of the gillette company that no shave november doesn't refer to the ass as well
Good design goes to heaven; bad design goes everywhere.
Mieke Gerritzen
Thank God for Petty Cash!!!
Water st on a 40 minute wait for burger night, everybody hustllin', good vibe in the room.
Goin' to see my boy.
Beautiful!
Loving God with all you are, and then serving mankind.
That's the ticket to Paradise.
What if I said it was an Eddie Money kind of day?
I'm not about to, but what if I did?
do not want to clean.
nope.
not even a little tiny bit.
FOLLOW and
Listening to live music Wild Horses love love!
i hate been home alone.....this shizz boarss the heatflash out of me
Any game but the Browns...I want to actually see a good game :
i know !
so do i , and when he ussed to do blogtv with dylan
People piss me off
Everyone has the right 2 B left alone but nobody has the right 2 demand approval.
I'll be at Outreach for Christ tomorrow morning, singin' it up!!!
Come see me!
:
Woke up thinking it was Friday.
The worst.
In the process of creating the coolest tees on the web...
Look who got their Twitter figured out!
Proud of you!!!
what do moths eat?
Know that when the surges of grief are upon you that they will soon pass.
yeah.
Pretty chill weekend overall planned.
Brunch on Sunday if ya want to join or coffee monwed.
if you believe in yourself retweet!
gotta be honest..not feeling it from Bulls tonight..
Blackhawks on the other hand will be Victorious!!!
Wish this man would not breathe on me
It's National Library Week!
Celebrate the contributions of our nation's libraries  librarians and promote library use  support.
Folks, I don't do BranchOut.
If we're Facebook/Twitter/Google friends, we're already professorssionally networked.
so trippy mane you can call me juicy ginaaaa
Is your heart taken, is there somebody else on your mind?
make sure you go to my new website alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com and also the main site topnotchescorts.net
That boy has some of the biggest feet I have ever seen.
Advice: What can I do that is exercise'y in Baltimore tonight, but doesn't involve a gym membership, running in the gym, or P90x?
On my way home.
Thurs would be great, still trying to get a ticket...
my brother is working there  might be able to find one
You should shave
molonlabe  I know it is nearly two weeks away.
But I might tweet this everyday until 10/15.
Sunshine overhead, I think it's going to be a good day in AZ.
Yes right now, will be back in Florida next month!
you're a witch?!
P.S.
I love all of your tweets.
Today's fav has to be the kitties in couture : The horse plasma was pretty interesting too.
.
.
make me queasy dont speak no sound, i want you to prove it to me in the nude, addicted to the way you move lol :p
Many novices on the T with all these graduations.
Tip: hold on asap bc you never know when the trolley will move!
Homemade Hot Wings and Fries w/
Someone tweet me !
I'm in history almost dying of boredom!
Day 97 of 100: I am thankful for refocusing my attention to what is true to me
health was terrible....
what do you say do you support
Congrats to Marcus Davis on his 2nd HBU Athlete of the Week Award last season.
He scored 30pts in our only game last week.
with only one confirmed fish, the question is 'how well have you been running this week?'
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
1998 Apple Computers introduced the
thank u neff:
Great way to end reg season with win over Purdue!!
Nice job Hoosiers!!!
Home sweet Home.
3 He defiantly changed my mood.,
The patio is gorgeous today!
Come enjoy the beautiful summer that has finally arrived with a pint of Guinness!!
Show at Crazy Girls in Hollywood tomorrow 10 PM with KISS touring band BAD CITY!
everyone had someone else Gotti had Tech 9
It's good to know LoFaso still thinks of me.
Thankful for that.
moisturizer then primer!!:
UVA versus Virginia Tech is a 'thing'
lol yeah , but nope i didn't have or favorite cereal today you lucky you did .
i miss you too it's been a while
if you're not smiling for your phoneinterview, maybe it's not the right job for you:
MY TURN MY TURN!!!
Wink
RIGHT?!
Enjoyed one 2 weeks ago.
RT : It doesn't matter how old you are.
The car wash is still a blast.
What God has for you is for you.....stop worrying about what the next got and keep your eyes on what God is trying to give you...
Dear ramen noodles, I owe you my life.
Sincerely, a hungry woman.
love a good disclaimer  like a parental warning what you're about to see may not be appropriate...
Sitting and waiting.
Waiting and sitting.
thanks a bunch.
:D
Chilling with my sis , although she keeps falling asleep on me!!
; pssh yeah.
I remember the weirdest junk.
:p
Playing Lincoln tonight?
Amazing stadium for a high school.
PA plays in the bathroom even....
Ha
WOW!
Anyone see this week's despicable Newsweek cover?
The disrespect for President Obama is STUNNING!
LatinNight 2nite!
sexy FB S/O DJ Ratatan for putting it together!!!!!
Not near a TV but have a radio turned up RT : Who is still watching!?
I swear this song said..
I dare you to moan...
xD
Sitting upside down
RT : LM: Bears select Nevada Reno CB Isaiah Frey in sixth round of doctorft.
Pullin up to TriCities High school prom w/ performing tonight!
YMMG TURN UP!!!!
...
the highlight of my day would be changing the chlorine in the pool, watch ppl cut their grass,  talking to my pet parakeet!
Berniece Bennett Park was a ghost town...Russell Ranch Park was not a park at all bt there was a cemetery next door!!
Headed to Northridge..
Friends are people who are there when no one else is
Me  gonna get toasted 2nite
WE ALL SELFCONSCIOUS IM JUST THE FIRST TO ADMIT IT!!
Want to be involved in the Fringe or 24 Hour festival?
Have questions?
Come to the meeting 6:30pm at the Black Box.
That probably won't put any nerves at ease.
PAH!
RT : Lol I promise I don't doctorve like a bat out of hell all the time!!!!
please follow me I went to the Arizona NRG project and I live in Florida!3love ICONicBoyz
you're welcome, Daisy!
Takekawa: We take cue from how people want their stories to be told.
Its been a ridiculous week/end of its a small world connections...must be the
I miss you.
Bring me some cookies?
1988 all over again.
RT Maybe we just shouldn't nominate a candidate
i want to be on ohtens websites.
Welp.
I'mma stop telling boob jokes.
Time for bed!
Haha I'm about to go in OB!!
gotta put a bunch of samples and sounds in for next weeks show...POOF!!!!
lol right The cabin better be safe!Tomorrow we should make invatations and tell 8A And idk what 2 do for my bday
Going whale watching!!!!
hope all is well on your side!
wishing you a beautiful day full of love and light!
xoxo
I probably jam out to songs 7191519538 times a day ;
Merci !
Mothers Day   the perfect Sunday.
Aww, sad to hear abt the teasing/bullying.
Don't know if u did this, but I was a peoplepleaser when young.
haha oh cool I'm 15 too :  I see you LOVE Sports!
Lol I play volleyball..
It's much easier to keep a smile when you're ignoring reality.
Not there explicitly, but it's a recurring theme.
If I even say a man's name in passing, someone pulls me aside wishing me luck.
If I hear one more lie today I'm blowing someone's head off
Wish I had some tequila
Preach!
RT : If your church pastor is telling you to sit out the 2012 election, you need to find another church.
If dubstep doesn't make you horny, get better speakers.
Sounds like a fun Sunday to us!
They were, everyone was really prepared and great!!
Plus the show was really fun!!
I had a blast.
RT RT When I run, I cut corners because I'm a fearless bitch ;
why do you hate the childoctorn?
thank you!!
that's a great idea
I think Santorum wins by 3 or 4 tonight  Romney/Paul fight for 2nd.
Among his many problems, Romney's growing lead in NH hurt him in Iowa.
Hey!
Hope all is well with you.
Thank you for the WW.
Cheers!
God bless him, will be in my prayers as well.
Amazing thanks for asking!
How about your's?!
Jesus Christ, Mark...
apart from the 'UUUOOOOOHHHH OH'.
on the phone, with oomf.
night is MADE.
have a good time out there sis.
I'm staying put this year.
Looking forward to the Chargers/Kings match!
Lawyers Lost Contact with George Zimmerman.
Legal Team Resigning
Saw so many familiar faces at last night!
Thanks !
On our way to the playoff game :
depend if ur hungry
Really wish the Occupy movement would refine it's message  become better organized.
Too many companies not being held accountable!
Testing herring recipes is really not the best way to start the day.
that's Friday night u need to check your ticket!!
Dude, IN N OUT is the best!
How was your first?
Waiting on word to interview Queen Latifah for EqualityTV.
Very excited to be at the forefront of creating a whole new world through media!
RT : Q3leave them alone and look at results?
realwplearn Have seen this result in lowest common denominator more than once
Sometimes, there are even chickens in the backyard  I have to shoo them away before peeps come to look at the house.
LOL
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am.
Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
I hate when I pull my retainer out.
It must be an attractive sight to see.
my dad was being so fuckin difficult about my fuckin project
God bless our wonderful President!
We are so fortunate to have this man!
the Clinton PBS special shows just how well Obama is doing
go to bed
absolutely.
Wealth is great!
It's just that he's a mystery otherwise.
I'm jealous cuz!
I wanted to have a derby party but just can't happen.
One of these days gonna come down there for the derby.
yes I have
I was just wondering which Web 2.0 Summit luncheon to RSVP to, as well!
Innovation luncheon should be very cool!!
I have no idea..
Let's get everything by Friday..
Or before you guys roll through my place.
Haha agreed.
I think I will start treating it as such from now on.
COMING May 1, 2012!
The brand new album by OUTLAW NATION entitled HISTORICALLYCURRENTBYTHEPAST.
I bought it and every song is crazy amazing
she be creepin..
I havent tweeted you in FOREVER...
I love you!
:
shout out to you for the cosign!
keep it locked on The Pulse!!
stream live  power983fm.com
clutching a print book?
Top 3 things a real man should never eat in public: 3.
Ice cream cone with sprinkles 2.
A corn dog 1.
A blow pop : haha love morning radio!
have you become a NYC fix gear guy?
Bald headed ugly ass little girl , always staring at somebody
You may be receiving a call about FAFDET from Michigan Radio in the near future...
They heard you were addicted!
Split roots.
well that ruined everything.
haha why shame?
Backstreets back, alright!
:
Customer Service is currently taking calls, but is there something we can help with?
so tomorrow I'm really going vegan.
and i want five guys tonight.
i'll be up around 7.
dinner with me?
So many people are quick to comment but don't take the time to examine the facts...why is that?
An opinion is not a fact!
To the Mom in NHask Gov Perry yourself!!
Don't put your child up to it!
How cowardly can one be??
Wow, Larry Johnson cut by KC!
thanks, we look forward to having you.
Will definitely read your report
Good Morning!
Sorry, just saw this.
Keith if you are interested, get in touch.
My email  twitter user name at gmail.
Thanks !
GOAL!
Timbers defender Eric Brunner scores in 43rd minute.
Up 10 over Chivas USA!
little bro swear he nice in 2k
This article is not going to write itself..
you're right ya'll truly do..
But at the same time no.
When my dad calls me after not talking to him in awhile 
Hey!
You gonna be around for Spring Break?
Hi...1:37 pst...just got back in  noticed that my phone didn't get a couple of your posts...like this one.
Ordered ribs, ...
so...
get off
oh vincent....
my taco avi gorgeous!
:
Thanks!
Made that up in 2009  put on a shirt in my online shop.
In Dec 2011, Kidd Kraddick got 1  put link on his Facebook...
Give thanks for all the LOVE all the time, IM glad you like it homey, that was a tuff one LOL
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when dudes forget to wear their LiftKits ;
It's nearly December!
Super time for a sit down with a nice cuppa and a book.
Tell me: who is your new favorite author?
Discovered in 2011.
that's how I feel about FB!
O.o
Just smile and get through the dance.
You can die when it's over.
Why couldn't the redsox score at least 1 of those runs so I can go to bed?
Headed to the Warehouse with for UFC 129
Thanks Todd Love your tweets.
Did you have a chance to see how we are trying to empower patients to help one another?
thoughts?
I'd pay 20 or more for a Stripe addon for if it means not having to use PayPal.
clients having issues paying makes me look bad
cuz they are yummy !
My tweets to real to bad I steal them all ;
Still waiting on my get well tweet from
Good mornin, on this day we become legendary
I was in the shower...?!
I forgot he was in Miami so he's in a different timezone.'''':
Greatgrandpa then?
hey there!
Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!
Please pray for a speedy recovery for my youngest son Martez who was rushed to Childoctorn's hospital ER.
We must cherish life
itshardwhen you have to guard the mavs Dirk Nowitski  incredible shooting tonight
Happy International Jazz Day!
People that suddenly ignore me and avert their eye make me nervous like they know something I should know Like I'm going to be sacked.
Work was a bitch all I wanna do is sleep!!
An amazingly good writeup!
Thanks for it.
Those are the very reliefs I was referring to.
I'll use the info.
I'm with you....we should turn it into a SxSW event.
Nevermind I got it!
To lead a more meaningful, purposeful life, you can start by overcoming victimhood and getting in touch with your feelings.
When we let go of our grip on happiness and find it in our life right now, we will recognize what real, inthemoment happiness looks like.
oh jezz 11:24pm i should let u work i just cant say those words
Thanks for the autism iPad app info.
I'm good man.
We need to wrap when you get some free time
Findings: 3 types of service model.
DH centers, Dig.
Res  Pub services, dig of lib.
col.
I know, but you know me...
I can't wait!
Hey Tia...hope we can reconnect soon abt Anthony's interview :
I can't stand alone at home, my girls are commin ..
Private 4 am party, what else ?
Cincinnati Reds on the radio, listening to the sounds of Marty and the Cowboy.
A good day at the shop indeed.
sneak down to for some RNR .
doctorp a Grand at 9:30 Waiting for Signal at 10:15 Traindodge at 11
For the next 5 hours swing by Rockabillies Bar and get the deal shown here: FREE doctorNK Service Industry Sunday
: I don't like bosh but we really need him haha damn homie
I love you too friend 3
Join us in reading High on the Hog: A Culinary Journey from Africa to America by Jessica Harris.
Bartram Book Club Chat  Potluck Feb.
25
they still serving the stone?
Scan, sort, and report  that's what The Neat Company does for its clients.
that's just what a spy would say.
fresnodld too funny.
they still don't do FB?
what about myspace?
for what was correct all along.
As far as the fans are concerned, Stewart is as of right now CC's personal catcher, whether
O, isnt that sweet  hope u guys had fun  best of luck with the new gig AS!
Good luck!
There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do!
but i like Austin more hehe: my babbyy.33
Enjoying time with family.
Off to providence this evening for
What are your thoughts on Bank of America charging a 5 monthly fee for debit card use?
This is to begin at the first of the year.
Thanks for the RT, James.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Sir Winston Churchill
lol don't those statements contradict...a lady would have not fucked with him right?
Lol :
also u can always visit haaretz :
its a damn song
What is your largest disappointment pick so far for fantasy football?
W32Time.
No Comment.
Thanks you very much Brandie!
We really appreciate it.
Can you help?
Let everyone you know, know.
Thanks!
youmightbeanautismparentif you go to a pet store and your child tells everyone about every type of fish they carry.
Yes sir I just got your authorization.
Sorry we aren't set up to do appointments online.I'll private message you for time.
Melo!
RT : Paul Pierce or Carmelo Anthony last shot??
I'm taking The Truth my opinion tho
its official I retired from the township lol
RT clayton is the fukkn boonies!!!
i'm sorry, i suck at twitter.
probably going home in 15 minutes after I check out this mac someone wants to sell me.
I'm bored
Out at the PIC MTV Video Music Awards after party in Hollywood!
Photos to follow :
Welcome to the club.
I Wonder who Finnick Odair is going to be, he has to be like insanely Hot
i also make magic with the piano.
Happy Belated to .
Very hung over today thanks to our adventures last night on 14th Street.
nice pic!!
Love u  Ali so much it would mean soo much if u followed me on instagram pibkglitter758!
I love all ur pics!
I Don't Really Care to try and be happy anymore.
Boom two more RBIs.
News anchor after my own heart.
I'm Sorry But Lady Lusherr's Voice Is Fuckery.
What is grey and hairy and lives on a man's face?
A mousetache.
You are most welcome.
In case you missed it last night, board denied 1.3M in legal fees to current, former officials in DA investigation.
I guess having a US education has its perks
Back from super fun 4 day weekend!
Time to get the workout done...muscles baby...No yucky flab!
Hope everyone is having a great week!
Are you planning on attending the networking 68 tonight?
I'll look for you.
aww you two are cute!
rogers where u at fam u in LA?
If you know anywhere I can win free MuppetMovie tickets, don't hesitate to enter my name a few thousand times
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow..
ugh
Oh, sadness!
My husband trusts all my book recommendations.
He's a total twihard.
Wasting your resources on materials solely for the gratification of others is not the conscience of the young, but the stupid.
Thanks to all the ASTD2012 attendees and clients that came to visit the booth!
Damn.
Well played sirs.
At minimum he needs to not BE the reason they lose the big games.
happy friday to all.
De Croft Womens Fuchsia Exclamation TShirt
Preston Elliot hanging out here at Wawa Welcome America Hoagie Day
I love going to bed at 2 and having to wake up at 5
Merchandise Mart, gas station at Ontario/LaSalle, gas station at Wells/Chicago to name a few.
Eating homemade guacamole...not cause its Cinco de Mayo, just because.
Guac isn't fattening is it?
hm Ok, so the chips are...
good, txs.
My DH is out of town, so pretty low key.
He's going to be back soon and that's the best mother's day present!
matt kearney hey mama
God is Good, Baby!
Follow Ian Harding :
hands down, you the best, aint no competition.
Done.
no harm done.
Senior night tomorrow night!
What're your favorite memories of the seniors Darius Miller and Eloy Vargas?
Let's be positive comments please!
wyd tonight?
c:
eye am the great
i PreOrdered it yesterday:D 33
that just means we're awesome.
:
Got a show tomorrow at West mifflin highschool!!!
tickets are 8 message me if you wanna go!
I agree.
The chance of a conspiracy being exposed grows exponentially to the number of people involved.
Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?
Firefighters tell a yacht fire at Fisherman's terminal in Seattle may burn for DAYS!
He just spoke w/ yacht owner.
Well they can take the risk with Youk if Boston eats a chunk of Youk's deal.
They're getting nothing out at third anyways, so why not?
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 39
Just getting home from church!!
Can we say, Amazing!!!
Fun fact: I have severe social anxiety, and I'm always really awkward and nervous in groups I people I don't know.
Crowds scare me.
When u coming to town man
Wendy Chun is amazing.
After one of the hardest week of my life,going back home.
How To Speed Up, Clean Up And Revive Your Windows PC
Shhh!
Don't tell anyone...I haven't even got out of my jams!
;P
So we already know 5 out of 11 kickoff times for MSU games this fall..nice
Wait a patty flipping second..I HAVE A SON???
Ah True Player Foreal Aint No Fun Less We All Get Some Lmaoooo!
GAME WINNING SACK MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!
kony 2012...
OKAY!
WE GET IT.
I love that he cares about me so much!
Hes amazin!
omg xD haha no worries, I'm not a delusional teen like a majority of them are.
I'm somewhat normal.
Er, weird.
Normal weird?
..
National Media loves to consistently make blanket statements about FSU's last decade.
Lacking perspective on a monumental scale.
yay!
arnt i so cool now!
dude I'm going to get in trouble.
JeffreeStar Should I watch the Prom Night video?
I haven't yet.
About to hit up some PHO..
What a day
Waiting for SOUP....
Blodwyn needs to get back!
Miami People Are you Looking For The Best Salon,Barbershop,Spa.
in Miami ?
The Shave Barbershop is The Best in Miami 1114 Normandy doctor33141
But maybe middle class means your parents stop paying your rent so they can buy a vacation home.
I must have missed that memo.
Any new news?
RT : Columbia Public Schools confirming a lockdown at Grant Elementary School.
i was going thru my phone ' found a  in my contacts that made me sad, rip .
I guess Paulo loves Chris Brown now lol
Blake lively??
We need rebranding.
Green/sustainable should  cheap.
Walmart CEO at ARPAE summit made this point.
Thanks for the kudos!
Cheers!
RT : DORROUGH DAY ONLY MENT NICK TREY'S PAYDAY!!!...
CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!...
FAITH is everything
RT : You don't have to be an accredited gambler to lose 5000 in Vegas but you can't invest 5000 in Facebook.
Oh nice!
Yea!
discussing the difficulties btn multiple personas and usability at SXsso biggest problem is that we evolve and change
The dog we adopted is named Aleena.
We were calling her Leena until a friend said, Like Lena ?
Oh HELL No!
Time for a new name.
: If you get someone's name tattooed on yourself, you're dumb .
If you get YOLO tattooed on yourself, you're dumber .
I swear, you and I share a mind.
I was thinking the same thing when I saw that story.
Haha
Damn.
Saturday is Cinco de Mayo AND National Homebrew Day!
If I make it 'til Sunday, then I'll know I'm not dead.
Don't doctorad it...you'll feel awesome after.
Embrace the experience of doing something you've never done.
Be fascinated.
I look down at my phone and everytime I look up the same lady is staring a hole in my face lol.
im tired
well it's coming.
: we could use your support.
:
Love days when I don't leave the couch and go to bed in the pjs I wore all day.
everyone go follow .
he only needs 8 more followers until 300.
i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
8
OK IM NOT TIRED ANYMORE.
GOOD MORNING PPLS!!!!!!!!
Lots to do today.
Surgical with the to do list today.
Precision.
Focus.
Humility.
Let's get it.
need a hype man?
Cuz I got this
I like the 3rd one
I have a feeling I'm going to get really really wet today ;
be legendary!
don't theyake talking dolls for kids called ferpes?
we out?
After this last message it's sleep time, shit blowin
Looking for items to give away to members/donors.
Does anyone have any connections?
Franklin takes it to the hoop and gets fouled!
He misses the FT and the Aztecs hold an 8077 lead with 2:50 left.
opposite of blue eyes syndoctorme for day games
Congrats!
RT : Just finished my 2nd 5k in my new shoes from they are perfect.
Thanks so much
Just got out of church...
At a friends house getttin some pancakes I love Pancakes...
Yummy doctorols XD
I watched the movie Bellflower last night.
It came poorly recommended...
I liked it.
Unique and artsy.
Looking into doctor for PDFs  trying to make it work with PDF reader already on user's box i.e.
no special dl  advice?
it's a conspiracy
I'm interested too!
20ThingsAboutMe 1.
I have no self confidence.
no, thats my daughter and her husband.
They follow them all over the US!!
...
My coworker thinks it's a bootleg  I told her that's not the case anymore, but she doesn't believe me.
Finally on my way home got a million things to do for tonight
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal
Roll 39;em!
Family Film Making Workshop the perfect place for families to bond and make memories
lol how's it coming
...Finally a magical unicorn will visit you.
Merry Christmas
followmetallon Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
add Indiana university to your
STUPID SWAG LIKE PARIS HILTON
What a great day, love my family and friends.
Got me lookin forward to the new year...feeling some big things bout to happen!
Head hurts :/ I think to much .
You better be glad I have Jesus
Ahead on Fox59 Morning News in 3 minutes  Get Out!
with Nuvo  fun things to do in Indy this weekend!
One of the best things on tv ever!
Bring Back Ringer
If a classroom assignment does not have place in a binder it is more likely to be lost.
Amsterdam preferably.
ok bitch don't get crazy
SECOND SATURDAY.
another chance see the downtown arts community, starts tonight at 6, ends at 9
success is the best revenge
Is there a playlist anywhere?
lol!!
Then after you have been looking for like 30min it just magically shows back up in the same place you just checked!
YEAH YEAH YEAH!!
happybirthdaychrisbrown !!
i love you
I challenge tweeters to use semicolons, and use them grammatically correct, in your tweets from time to time.
Hate it when I realize at the last second I have unfinished HW due, right now.
Oh the trials and tribulations of
Yes, but he was in Germany doing exactly what he would have been doing in another country.
Our thoughts exactly ; RT : Thank goodness for cheese, salumi and crackers!!
Gangland is such an addictive show; morbid curiosity I guess.
Finally made it outside.
Another seriously gorgeous day in Dallas.
Looking forward to window shopping and just enjoying the day!!
Congrats.
Now go get your red on
nice.
They updated the article.
Just listened to my am Zig Ziglar daily  Formal education will earn you a career, selfeducation will earn U a fortune.
YUP:
If you Kanye me again , i'll Chris brown your ass , OJ your dog , britney spears your head , and tiger woods your mom!
I tip my forty to all the laidoff hommies at KGW.
Already..
When you back at the krib though?
I don't even know what that means.
No one knows what it means but it's provocative.
No it's not.
It gets the people going.
I'm signed up to be a zombie in the Pittsburgh one this fall.
Can't wait.
I be over shit
Would be interested to hear some case studies of successful mobile ad campaigns.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is such a dirty movie, haha
fantastic finalle what will Regina do?
O boy!
Sad about the hiatus.
Can't wait for more
Just look at me the way u look at her hold me the way I want kiss me like I've always doctoramed be my flight be my love be my everything 3
Just hopped out the !!!
Playing some  and calling it a night!
Goodnight everyone!!!
Sweet doctorams 
You ever go to make fun of one stranger to another stranger only to discover that the second guy is even weirder?
Fuck i hate taking the bus
hey I heard you was a wild one
What is your favorite use of social media?
best thing I've heard about Feb 14th?
If Xmas can overrun thanksgiving  even Halloween, why can't St.
Pat's over run this Hallmark Holiday?
This is the last full week of school.
Thank god.
UwSocial also leverages more than 400K living alumni.
Hello everyone how are ya been doing lately?
He Text Way Too Slow For Me
can u call me, but i saw that convo go dne
Just got back from newyork helping my mom pack up her house.
After 47 years there were tons of memories and countless trash bags
Dislike RT someone stash that photo next to prego Jessica Simpson...we'll take a vote at the end of the year
400degreez album for the rest of the night
could you please follow me I had been your fan seen you where in 4 your first time.
Didn't check my email, walked to class, class canceled.
Barnes  Noble to Unveil Nook Color 2 Nov.
7?
Falling in love with being a producer : Still not thrilled about writing but I'll deal :
Decisions decisions!
Get it?
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!
2
At Product Launch: wow.
doctorpbox Sweetness users!
Thank you for document viewer!
S/O To My Haters!!
I Will Never Fall No Matter How Hard You Pray Cause I Am A Living Legend And When Im Gone I'll Be A Reborn Superstar!
whatever just have yo a lil ass there!
y do i get the weirdest feeling that she was talking to me?
RT: I like yo face!
Testing, testing....
Twitter are you still goofed up?
yeah, only 30 hours to go to reach a deal.
C'mon NFL...
don't do this now...
when KC is looking so strong!!!
Joffrey is the opposite of Justin Bieber in Westeros.
Crying like a big baby!
practiced with all 3 bands i'm in this week and played a show tonight with soulfly.
also have a show next saturday in akron.
i hate music
Fox should sign off their broadcasts with I am Mitt Romney and I approve this broadcast
MT 10 arrests so far at occupyseattle, cops are giving remaining 3 tents a chance to relax before continuing.
You should try Atlanta!
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing in the dark.
I can be such an asshole lol
I can't stop thinking bout Tyrese chin ring tho....
Lmfao
well yes darlng...its gonaa be funni and im sure plenty people will watch cuz they wanna see the local college foolishness
Bitch I'm single, I do what I want
That situation is a good reminder for me to generally be patient and courteous on the road.
Can't we all just get along?
Did you get it??
: Sure!
Come see me 3/3 at , will be donating  demoing for Whole Planet Foundation.
You're welcome Cecy!!
mi Valentine
Day one of vacation or our staycation got a sample of paint to try in the master bath.
Living wild.
Yeaa: BUT when he comes i will make sure to kidnapp you so you can come with me!!!
Haven't had time to really get into it, but it looks legit.
Or at least an unpolished early version.
hope the Nuggets can pull it off.
Bucks winners of six in a row.
Didn't think that would happen this season w/o Bogut as an anchor.
So some kid was being stupid and was like hey beautiful im sorry, i love you so i told him to shut up in spanish.
Immature people...
Sigh
exactly!
:p
Thanks for following !
Thruve goy the land; that's the incentive.
I think .
He is just precious.
But is gorgeous.
GetAustinToPhilly I Need To Meet My Husband3
For the first time in weeks, excited to go home and finish my projects.
I haven't worked with my hands nice and proper lately.
Tweeting like crazy for all day, presenters and attendees, I am paying attention!
Going to the movies tonight with my bestfriend !
Enrico goodies have now arrived
SheWantsTheDick if u show up n she in the shower.
3/24 Ladies come Party w/ at Wet Republic pool tomorrow!
VIP ladies Guest list txt 702.882.4982
Consistancy and Perseverance !..
Nightline is starting on a sad note.
does SCOTUS line of questioning correlate to decisions?
They are watching, Even if they act like they are not!
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.
Warren Buffett
Firefighter friend: We've heard of shootings and stabbings on the blueline

shooting again with my favorite celebrity and supermodel: and makeup artist
soft pretzel bagels  where have you been all my life?!
follow our girl she's a supporter and a straight diva, just like you :
yeps its in my nook
Thanks for the adds to all my new followers may your day be filled with success and greatness!!
lol.
the tribe has spoken, you are the weakest link, k bye!
;
i called you for the homeworkk !
Confirmed: Verizon Charging 2 Fee for Paying Bills Online or By Phone
Inflatables at church tonight!
Ahh, So fun!
Guess where I'm going to wake up tomorrow?!?
I don't know!
It could be anywhere!
1GirlTour Tickets go on sale 2morrow 4 NYC.
My clock is set for 2am, ik ik it goes on sale at 10am but I'm GETTING THOSE TICKETS WebCr ...
I fuck wit sessions but why is he takin the last shot?
I'm so excited you used the hashtag!!
Today is NATIONAL EAT ANYTHING YOU WANT DAY...Thank goodness for Gourme Mist...
Katie and I are going to get lunch!
I'm pretty sure I recall her telling us we were annoying her lol
So weird I've never noticed!
Never go down the Wabash side I guess.
Awesomeness!!
Due to the YAA, this will be the FIRST Sunday I have not Lawn Bowled in almost a year.
I am so glad that I discovered this game 2 years ago
I'm deadass
Hello!
How are you?
million dollar idea...can someone please invent iPhone earbud GPS locator
When makes a weird hand movement before waving to you
No problem!
We thought they were some good tips to start off the week!
:
Some people should be barred from using the internet...read the comments, it's complete madness!
She's HOT.
Can you slip her my cell?
JustAskin RT : Very happy for Jason and Ellie Day!
I did her makeup for her wedding
Ur So Beautiful I'm 13 2 I Love Ur Acting And Iv Seen Ur Interviews Ur A Sweet Girl Can We Please Be Friends Reply Please.
The most underrated player in NCAAF !!
RT :Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.Sir Winston Churchill
Come On!
Lets Go White Sox!!!
Lmao keep pushing it, see what happens :p
Kathleen and I spent the day the Boston MFA to see the wonderful Chihuly exhibition.
The displays and Chihuly's sculptures were exquisite.
You understand that right
Went to Outback last nite.I had the rawest steak ever.It was delicious.Goin to Noah Jones this week!
Thanks!
Did you send a resume?
smart gal!
I'm here already...thinking I will head down there early to tempt my taste buds :
I just did girl
You shut your piehole, Tom.
Which one, afternoon session?
Never fear.
RT RyanD doctort, waitlisted!
Looking forward to it!
RT : uficapetown just kicking off, some good topics over the next two days!
It's nippy outside!
Yikes!
Adda dash of lemon to your frozen peas to bring out the bright hue!
Grand opening today.
It starts at 2pm
You are FIERCE girl!
Currency online  value, not marketing 
Thanks for following!
is so pretty omg c:
RT : 17 of Americans get no news every day.
Strangely, thats the same percentage who read a newspaper every day:...
DM us your email and we'll get the invite out asap.
Thanks!
that last tweet was for and the BaconTuesday cooks!
Probably truethe biggest game changer would have to be if Dumanis bows outthe numbers would narrow.
And yet ownership is more worried about their fucking sellout streak than anything else.
the song is good, but I was talking about the movie.
It's on TV right now
hahaha the commercial?
I think we did that 3 or 4 years ago and it still keeps popping up!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME!!
MISS YOU COURTNEY..
COME HANG OUT SOMETIME..
Catch three of our FPAC Festival CoDirectors talking about FPAC 20 on Kababayan LA today at 4:30pm!
YES!!
And did you see in a few music vid concepts??
I want them to do a song together!
haha:D
So I guess me and Ashley have to take a trip to dominos our self 
Mt.
Airyites, get a yummy burger from at the CH Growers Mkt.
then go over to Mt.
Airy Day!
MY NEXT STEP GONE BE DAT BIG STEP...SO LOOKING OVER YU NIGHA'S...
SPECIALS TODAY ONLY 9.99 Instant Tans; 75 off Selected Lotion; Buy a 50 Gift Card for a Friend and receive 3 FREE tans of your choice!
rack city bitch
How will people survive if the USA Govt goes broke?
LL Cool J.
My night is complete.
I'm trying to come up with a list of tei text collections served from eXist: anybody working on/familiar with projects like this?
Been voting for 2 hours ...
supporting you guys all the way :D
I rather fuck on tha first nite!
I fall in love wit pussy not u bytches!
Get it?
You know.
RT : Pump this shit, like they do in the future!
loling at your tweet
No, just got an email from the Port's mediarelations person.
They haven't gotten to that agenda item yet.
So there is 3d and real 3d.
Ah.
Who gives a shit.
Sorry I'm such a creep.
The longer you keep stuff in the worse it gets
lol i got you a link instead haha.
check fb
Today is exercise all day...
Day

Yes.
The good news is if it's mint gum, you get mint chocolate chip.
hahahaahah fuck you, steven!
one time!!!
lol stop being a hater.
Buy A Tumbled Stone on 5/14 email with the purchase code  get a link for lots of free stuff!...
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor.
You're way too young and right now that's just human nature.
RT Volstad optioned to Iowa.
Lalli recalled to fill catcher void.
Hey Whitney!
If you could meet any bearded person from history, who would that person be?
Sometimes you just have to go buy yourself some new lingerie for no reason at all.
When all else fails...
blame your childhood.
PRIVATE EVENT TODAY AND ROUTE .
New topic  any updates on OMD availability from BH?
There goes my VACATION: bo
Bonding with my family is always a trip.
pretty good : how about you ?
LA Angels are second highest payroll for MLB in 2012.
Clearly someone hasn't watched Brad Pitt in Moneyball.
It's going to be cohesive.
this dude has 3 sbarro singles boxes opened before him  he's taking a bite out of each slice in line typewriter style.
suspicious activity!
Looking for someone who can pump up your small business marketing?
Follow for great tips!
those are special secret new songs just for u
can't argue there
bout to cry
Go PUCK  GoPuckYourself are trending!!
Lmfao!!
XD
Heading to work.
Catch ya on the flip side at 3am!
overtime again
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
see you in the back channel today RT : Coffee in hand, logged online.
Now ready for smbmad this morning
See some real return on your advertising  sponsorship  with our QR code tshirts!!
We know what we're doing.

if you dont know the situation / STAY THE FUCK OUT MY MENTIONS !
dont follow me either !!!!
Gosh I'm sooooooooooooooOoooooooO0ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo jealous of Alfredo!!
le cries like a bitch
ProjectX.
Go see it, entertaining.
Made me real sad I'm not in high school anymore though
I am determined not to oversleep this morning 630am I will be up and at it ....
Thank you sir!!!
broke off that lazy Sunday and went to yoga
this io12 ticket purchase is way too suspenseful...
And it starts all over again 3
I wish my room smelled like fresh rain and hot coffee.
RT 3 ff because she's there through thick and thin, my girly !
Research has shown that most Americans exprience chronic acidosis related to the foods we eat and beverages we doctornk.
You can't get sex, shut up.
I'm already pissed at this game
If ur gonna be bitch  fuckin tell on me atleast have the balls to tell me before u go  be fuckin snitch,ok huh?:
Good job smith from the Coyotes way to knock out the Blackhawks .congrats on your first round nhlplayoffs win!
But.still..gopanthers !
Kellie, this time he blogged artificial, soulless, hectic, and unreal
make a misteroganator101 bracelet because I WANT ONE.
thank you lovely.
sadly i have to get all this work done.
ah brain is about to explode.
Apparently not 2day.
It's Easter attire.
RT : When's jumping on suit vest bandwagon?
Ill hold it ;
is asking everyone to check out www.timothylucero.com
And Greg Holland is the Royals player to get meltdown honors tonight.
following you :
It's a leap year.
Don't stand on top of any tall buildings.
waves RT : We love having our very own Michele Mitchell in Canada this week screening our Haiti film.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
349
Turned DOWN Sushi for Pizza..
Aw Maybe NEXT time..
Need somebody that can roll asap
you know, we've been talking about basically the same thing for about 3 years now..
separating my nyquil doctorams from real life is relieving iWillAlwaysLove you Whitney
Correct to slam Penguins, but hair pull wasn't Crosby on Giroux; it was Adams on Hartnell.
Prerant factcheck is advisable!
ERROR: SOCIAL MEDIA OVERLOAD  SYMPATHY NOT FOUND
For 's Bday, he's raising  for the Will you give 5 to help reach his goal?
bit.ly/Trev13
Crowd of designated cheerers on S.
Bayshore celebrate every runner.
Wish they would mix up their cheers.
Every one the same.
Boring!!
I KNOW you had family first beat into you growing up.
Just doing what I can my friend ;
i respect it, but it's difficult for me to appreciate religion when it causes so many problems in the world.
RT : Quietly waiting for Russ West outfit  THAT
if you haven't listened to Lana Del Rey's album you should
yeah, they have no clue what to play though.
So I had to try to get some song names for them
I was just mad that so many people have already seen Avengers I wanted to see something first, too.
happy mother's day to all!!
Keep the tweets coming FAZZT  furious!
: RT : Does it matter how FAZZT we reply?
yes omg.
I'm gonna post the text on instagram.
All or nothing at all by otown hahah, stacy's mom, it wasn't me by shaggy, where the party at by jagged edge
It is that time of year again, isn't it
RT : it's time to call it a night!
LolHA
Looper might have a panel at Comic Con.
HELL TO THE YES
There's a live truck outside Worcester District Court where I'm scheduled for jury duty.
Doesn't bode too well for me getting on a jury :/
This is good cuddling weather :
MT : Politicians like Kathy Hochul attack when they don't have a record to stand on.
do you know the rules about making the video?
But Busta Rhymes just murders them all lololololoool
My channel changer broke now I need to get a new one
I always liked that part in Macy Gray's I Try where it sounds like she tells Cinnabon!
Pacari, makers of sublime Ecuadorian chocolates in flavors like Andean blueberry and lemongrass, will have a tasting TODAY  6:00!
Who the ef ever did that lmao.
just plain wit u.....sort of lol RT : teenagememories dating without having sex
I just love how people talk shit about people who are pregnant  or have kids!
seriously STFU its none of your damn business!
we're on the same roller coaster.
crashed.
still feeling behind.
thought the caffeine would kick in, but no effect yet...
excellent!
I know I'm a stranger but I am in DC for the day and back in Bmore tonight.
I'd like to buy you a beer after game
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking.
It's called marriage.
James Holt McGavran
New freestyle in about 15 20 minutes
My baby girl is 18 today.
Time flies by way too quickly!!
a little early to panic...
strongholds yet to report!
well.
I recommend our scrapple  call me biased if you like, but we love what we do!
www.westcoastscrapple.com
The H2O12 show is flowing right along...LOTS of new stuff to see this First Friday for our opening night!
Come out and see us 
Anybody have any recommendations for a nice hotel in downtown Portland?
Fun 4th Festival now has it's own Twitter account  come follow us to see what's happening!
And tell your friends, too.
come work in the kitchen 
President Bush, Barack Obama promotes a manner for illegal aliens to gain citizen status by paying a fine, becoming professorcient in English
No one really appreciates their eyebrows until they've been singed off in some sort of explosion
Merry Christmas to all my friends
The Red Sox are on my bad side right now...SMH
I'll just close my eyes for 30 min...3 hours later..great
Promise is a big word.
It either makes something or breaks everything.
T.O.P B4 Sex!,,,,Tounge On Penis
Welcome to twitter!
Feel free to browse my follower list for other anthros and UPEI students or just search your interests!
Bidding is closed!
Winning bid is 1400!
What a deal!
Wife and I both LOLed when he said that....
But I thought he was just confused.
we currently in 4th period and all you doing is talking about her you sprung !!
Lol I'm tired of these stories I need ear plugs
Feel less special than u know u are?
Look in the mirror.
The person staring back at u is the only 1 who can make u feel the way u deserve
talk to 's talking about coming up in midAugust for some horse racing
ohh emm gee im like the biggest codie fan ever!
simpsonnater for ever!
I'm so sad I'm not there
I'm only smokin on weekends wen school starts bak....
Bill, apologies for the confusion.
I'm not sure if we were waiting in different rooms or what.
Happy to do an impromptu demo
Having the hangover from hell today after playing 100/200 stud 8 with , Owais Ahmed and some other guys yesterday...
love you behby :
That video is awesome, thanks  the mention of my Blog link.
I need to convert that over to D7 and Omega...
nice layout!!!
you must speak more slowly than I do.
Ozzie's explanation was weak, But, it all depends what tyrant we like.
Ha!!
Maybe you will end up in an episode.
:
Sorry it took so long, but I am now following everyone who is following me!!!
THX we truly appreciate the feedback.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the amazing shout out!
There's not much other/than names.
You wasn't saying that the other night tho.
RT : GetOffMyLilBooDoe  Dani wants her ass whooped.
i could hook you up with extra veil of may tickets if you like.
for free!
persian warrior God bless all Iranian, never give up is our time for the people by the people not by other goverment only for our nation.
have to work tomorrow
I'll think about it.
:D
happy birthday to my lady lover
Ong The Way Bak 3  Small band of multicultural convicts stage a daring escape and kick ass by jumping around a lot and there's an elephant
Thanks, Marco!
Glad you dig
Happy Birthday mister Tate!!
WhatILove some good music i can relate to,to get through the days' obstacles.
So I could have come and got this wig done...
You are really something else.
RT : Salon flow 
I look forward to reading it.
I can't believe you right now.
TodayCantGetAnyWorse /3
Vanessa Williams did a great job on Larry King tonight and mentioned Special Olympics, nice Vanessa.
Ha, that's awesome.
Love those easter eggs!
DONT TRY TO BE WHAT UR NOT BECAUSE U WONT
We have a scoop!
Dan Cederholm announces Pears, an open source WordPress theme.
pea.rs
Honolulu ghetto awesome.
SBS is booked up today, but still have appointments available tomorrow!
Give us a call 252  9522
all like to  Monday 8pm in NYC
Step back into Arizona's past, tales, folklore and pieces of Arizona's history at The Arizona Prospector...
feeling weird today.
Maybe its because its friday and I haven't done a thing all week and its like summer out.
Maybe I should have a beer
haha me too I just hope me and my sister get to give them the presents were making them :P
88Nine Radio Milwaukee 2012 award winner !!
A bunch of Freaky songs on Pandora right now..
no prob, sorry for the short notice
Thanks to Mad Men amc is creating bull shit like The Pitch.
its going fine the train was very empty at first but when we arrived in dc it's filled to capacity to chicago
U know how I get easily distracted
um...
you shouldn't believe everything you hear on twitter.
;
happy 2 report I finally have a new job!
Im th activity director 4 an assisted living facility thanx 4 th encouragement :
why is everyone watching the notebook tonight?
filling up my fb and twitter feeds..
Izzy  share a bday?
THE WORLD ISN'T READY FOR THIS.

everyone follow her :
do you watch Justified?
the only folks that sway to what the society wants, and that's just for their vote, are the politicians.
Snip, snip
OK Let's Go!
Time for Matty Ice and the Falcons to step up against the Giants.
Let's get a playoff win!
There's P90X yoga?!
Must try.
Mane.
I saw that deal.
You got Babe Ruth for a handful of peanuts.
Amazing.
you forgot about 'x' but THANKS!
3
nice start to your day!
What is the video you mentioned?want to check it out.
Not even my parents believe I can be in da NBA time to prove dem wrong
Ha!
When I was in Murray, wherever I parked, that was my spot.
I only got a few parking tickets.
Lol
What do I do for dinner man
Do you know I've never eaten there??
Been by a 1000 times.
Would love to go w/you!
to each their own
Rooting for the Pirates tonight!
And looking forward to the Regatta and the 4th of July next weekend.
Time for a barbecue!
Happy Library Snapshot Day, right back at 'ya, !
And to everyone else, of course.
Lmfao!
RT : These shoes my dad bought melt;lt; maybe ill say my Pinky toe hurts so I can swap em.
He is so annoying on Skype
weird you say that, considering which prez was in office on 9.11 and which caught osama
I would like to Columbiana this damn headache, tho.
Making me all wonky and blah.
Nothing like sitting back and watching the people who stabbed you in the back fall apart.
i missed it  what am i getting thanked for?
:
Don't wait until you no longer have your health before you appreciate the priceless value of good health.
hahahah get outta there and DIE
fourth song wrote and recorded on my phone
too many unwanted things running through my head
Thank you, as a small brand showroom or press may be to big of idea, your services on your website are fabulouscongrats on your success.BC
PGs!
Elite QBs to me still seem rare and NFL babies QBs nowadays!
I wish she still texted me back :
thank u so much i want dm for vincent:
Can't believe I'm leaving Europe tomorrow already.
So sad :
Blowjobs from my cat.
I am so excited to meet the cast of this year's race.
The energy and spirit of this crew will keep us warm.
Come join us WED July 20th for our final pilot taping!
Along with guest from on WMMS.
FREE at
could you put me in a good mood and follow me ?
Heating the steam bath then nappy time...
Gotta get some energy for
Now, I'm hearing about earthquakes in Boston and in Virginia.
What the heck happened?
RT : Change from striving to be successful to trying to be useful  Jim Collins
Going to see tonight at Flappers!
Psyched!
Is she/he doing ?
If the space is open in October we want to have ride ready clinics.
alright let me finish my pizza rolls lol
Make sure you follow for doctorke concert pics tonight!
If your going tweet us!
Catch me filling in for on this evening from 68pm.
Listen like you mean it!!
Heather Graham on the air right now
this weekend.
Music, food, games...
what more do we need?
Who's going?
Cause I'll be thinking about you Worldwide3
experiencing an outage, website down and unable to login at main page.
Music inspires me.
I love putting my Ipod on shuffle and rediscovering an old friend I haven't visited in a long time.
Don't be up in church on Sunday and cheatin on yo man the rest of the week honey
So after going to a cello recital today I have a lot more respect for the cello and clasical music in general
I'm sorry y'all, listening to the mainstream got me thinking Obama is responsible for every misstep in the economy over the last decade
i dont like it anymore
wow its been 100 degrees or higher in beverly hills florida atleast i get to go to the pool and get a TAN!
Lol keep it tight
we thank you for being our VOICE.
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.
Jaja last night i made pinkey promise that shell dance her ass off...
and she did!!!!
Did you notsee the blue Goofy jackets at the WDW Expo?
They are pretty swee!t
Be a Guest on Father Alberts NEW Daytime Talk Show!
Wow Pill looked Aubrey Huffesque out there.
Construction and demolition...right up my alley!!
These guys are teddy bears!
18 months!?
wow.
so you get it...lol
No such pipe, or this pipe has been deleted
Here in this moment i surrender to your love.
ok then!
RT : Finish line doctor teflon lube...
the best eva!
Umm...I just found a dollar in my pants.
And it wasn't in my pockets.
cc:
Life's to short for beige.
Let us add some color to your life with a free estimate.
We have perfect 5 star ratings on Yelp.
Gotye is hot.
Remember.
Facebook launches its IPO today!
FB
And in the end, its not the years in your life that count.
Its the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
YES!
lol I haven't been yet and everyone is talking about it!
Andersen NOT charged with any crime yet but property apparent seized as a result of this warrant.
I will fight you.
Thanks to all who bid tonight auction!
It seriously sucks when a bad night doctorgs into a bad day.
I know!
I miss you lovey!
Boi they gone be mad cause this list has no junk and regular healthy cereal lol
Nothing better than getting 2 Ws to end the regular season AND knock another team out of playoff contention!
I saw that one!
So going next friday after I'm done unpacking!
!!!
Blindfold magazine is going on stands soon :
South Anchorage family's trailer home destroyed in fire sparked by a deepfryer, AFD says.
I know a girl, she puts the color inside of my world.
I should go to aa meetings
When I was  I was hungry I used to throw fits , how you gunna feed me ma ?
You have no tits  eminem
First tweet I read is depressing...
Nice twitter.
Lmfao
Finally a success..
on wifi, had to turn the phone off and then turn it back on.
I've been having to do that a lot lately.
hm damn 4s
Earlier the makeup person combed my bedhead.
set a goal for yourself!
and then ask someone to hold you accountable to it.
Oh My Gosh...
it's happened...
I have caught Bieber fever
your pretty funny.
you know that right?
for sure!
I was just about to tell you that I can't because I forgot I had to meet my mom and aunt for dinner.
I'd rather
: Oh, no: disco Glee.
bad just turned to worse.
What, you believe everything you see?
Ms.
Swan
wow that is so awesome!
How's NYC homie
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Mayor Gibson looks back w/pride in meeting challenges of going off the plantation to incorporate City of Miami Gardens
neither can i.
Rags is going to be awwweesomee, so hyped
Copy that!
RT : If you guys want to add a fantastic racefan  sponsor in IZODIndyCar series follow 
This Friday?
Has to say, I'm looking forward to a computer free weekend.
no.
Im just saying they're good.
Please don't take it the wrong way.
:
True strength is being able to hold it all together when everyone expects you to fall apart.
Wow, big man talking big words on the twitter.
Guess I'm a sad individual.
haha!
Let me know what day would be good for you Hope you have an awesome weekend.!
Mysterious shaking illness?
These are the first signs of becoming a zombie
You gone spend yo last 500 on a gucci bag to impress these hoes?
hah it would look like landoctor fields does right now
lol same girl, same
I wish I did that would have been the most best birthday ever but it's never going to happen!:3
Ernie the Pug says Happy Birthday!
It's not as glamourous as it looks.
loved your dance moves in the vid!
Everyone will do that now, just wait
yes me too!!!
xD
Most kids are damaged by the effects of poverty.
Learning is slowed  failure  pushed out of school  no HS diploma  poverty for life
my favorite song is baby....and never say never.....and one time.
Haha i cant pick!!!
HA!
Don't let that happen, you be better off with fat and a glass eye!
A day off is when I only make/take 50 calls instead of 100.
This isn't a competition.
Just impressed myself today, 3 miles!!
Wooohooo
I will check that thing you call email now
We hope that we ate doing those things for our followers
I know!
and another fact of my sad life is notSeeing my foreigner either.
my days are not the same anymore.
my mother asks way too many fucking questions when im trying to watch something.
goodness lady!!!
no thank you for all of what you have done for us:
i know!
we will actually be able to taste the food.
AW Thanks3 Just listened to you, your pretty amazing to be honest :'
CO Senate Approps Comm has just voted unanimously to kill HB1069, the proposed backtoschool sales tax holiday.
I went out and bought some dcon for my mouse on my computer.
I poured it on and it still hasnt died!
Has anyone ever had a spinal tap?
It's awful!!
last time he was on M  M he talked about...actually said the word...Kentucky.
I have no idea what I said, but I stand by whatever it was.
actual Mitt Romney quote
hi doll xxxoo
wow it's snowing in Ohio?
That's so weird it's not even snowing in Minnesota where normally we have about two feet by now!
Haha
lmao!!
They're coming for u
Positive energy!!
Universe hear me ROAR!!!!
Find me lottery!!
640 MILLI!!!!
I keep telling myself that this is a great thing for her...
holy heck I know!!!!
Looks soo juicy but they keep it real which I love!
Haha
that's great.
Don't take any 
something that made me smile, Niall  Latinas.
Talking about SOBCon08  Liz is here!
it wasnt supposed to be like this you done caught feelings, and all that be together talk i am not hearing
RT : Networks bragging about their shows..
is in it's 14th season...
Take that major networks!!
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think.
When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Buddha
well, tonight technically
Ryan does what he wants.
I should really start checking my midterms after they're given back to me
well he's a YouTuber but I just love him because I love British boys!
Work on mothers day!
.
No matter how much money you spend on watches you still can't buy time.
SWEET!!!
I have never seen anyone get off a plane before.
Hanging out at Port Townsend with my son, singing at open mic night and meeting other great musicians....
Who even uses payphones anymore?
but
haha shayla y do u have only 83 followers!!
killing it !!!!!
All my bitches in tha house!
Where the fuck are u????
doctornk girls, get off the stage.
Okay, now I get why people where sunglasses indoors.
Just got a glimpse of my hungover self in the mirror.
Not pretty..lol
Future album release party!
Its not always going to be a sunny day.
Some days you're the pigeon.
Some days you're the statue.
and it made you puke?
TradeIn your junk for  toward new efficient equipment.
We will take any diecutting machine on trade.
www.BRAUSSE.com or 888BRAUSSE!
thanks for the follow
I had the same version and when I opened it, it asked me to upgrade  took me to market
Working on a culinary masterpiece?
hey!
just voted for your sobrinita.
she's so adorable!
:
Isn't this the part wen the devil comes to buy my soul?
'Cause we got a taste for champagne and endless fortune!
Our SA Presidential Straw Poll Results: John Bennett Edges Out Ashwin Narla
Haven't had access so late followup.
My last day w/Border Media  94.9 was Tuesday...so sorry, it was out of my hands.
Excellent discussion on our Mobile 2.0 panel with savvy moderator and copanelists:
I'm good
don't see a suspension coming, however warranted it may be.
I agree that we will need more sigs but we can still do it.
I am going to become a notary.
RT : Folks, let's get RyanKennedy trending 9yrold w/ brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for
Congratulations to Anthony  Mia on getting married!
Thanks for letting us be part of your Big Day!
Woohoo!
I'm a winner: thanks for whatever I'm about to receive!!
thanks for the follow!
What does the futureofpd look like from Turkey's perspective?
u should quit everything and move to the mountains
Lol Better Wake Up Big Dawg
I hope all of my followers are at the game Saturday at 3 to support the team vs Delgado!
ah on
I wanna write I MISS YOU on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you.
Fuck I Look Like Screaming And Crying StopIt Bitch Its East Side Brew City 414 Damage Mode.
Holy moses.
He has a flute player in his band.
Didn't see that coming.
Let us know if you need a hand scanning in Guatemala ;
just fine relaxin watchin terminator 3.how was your day
Still going strong, even though the Kickstarter failed.
The good news is we raised almost enough to fund SPQYARRR!!!
I can't believe I just cried watching friends
Today's lunch special: costa rican stew...Yum!
thanks for letting us visit your hometown and for having such a kick ass show!!!
I'm looking forward to next time!
looking forward to seeing 3D mobile innovations at CES, esp.
3D entertainment apps for tablets
thanks to my followers it means alot that ur following me thank u thank u thank u!!!!1 3 3
thank you
Absolutely lovely.
Those 5 hours really flew by.
Interesting the different directorial choices in use of same set between 1st  2nd parts.
Kind of trying to see some sand matches, any Florida teams playing at home this week?
In a moment I will be soaring high above all the bottom feeders.
What wonderful news!
Congrats!
You're living my doctoram!
Omg!
Ari is gonna call people?
I wish would call me.
:O
why are Wiz Khalifas tweets about texting annd girls
fine you where right
LOL BRO NO don't assume like that!
He's my best friend!
Like no.
congratulations Rev Watkins.
Thanks to my friendly 200 Public Square staff, I'll be listening to the Jackson 5 all morning.
Paul pierce  ray allen my favorite players in the nba
stats is pretty decent ...
Thanks scoutmob for the coupon.
Good audition today for Axe.
Cross fingers for a callback.
who you calling a goof ass?
Anyone want to ball at the AC today at 5:30?
Happy Birthday, President Obama.
My Grandfather always said that the first 100 years are the hardest  you're half way there!
Tonight at we bring you hometown hero with opening support from Seneca, Ben Brown, Zizala, and Ray T!
Is anyone out there listening to black metal on this fine Black Friday?
you have a sexy Avi
You got it, bitch
I now follow !
You should too !
Meoww
Nice try...but incorrect.
Knock my light out!
;
So, Game of Thrones  TV show and Hunger Games  movie?
This whole time, I thought they were the same thing...
This air is freezing the heck out of me!
Remembering back WhenIWas13 summers weren't so dam hot!
Free delivery from any restaurant with a donation of 7 cans of nonperishable food for the Oregon Food Bank.
Coupon code is 7CANS at...
RT : RT : Ain't no party like a technical party cuz a technical party don't stop.
Wanna hear some crazy shit?
Issac from the love boat brother taught me how to dj!
True fucking story
ThingsIDontGet 1 How can someone be in a relationship with a person who cheats?
Anyone know any fun events happening tonight in or around LA?
we should start a white girl rap group.
weed.
RT i just watched your iphone video, again and then again.
3 us!
Can we please just leave?
I read about it.
I will have to get to it...hands on.
Lol
Not strange at all!
Thank you so much!!
Yes, it's snowing in the Northeast.
May get 5 in.
by tomorrow.
Should be melted by the time I head to Baltimore on Mon.
i just finished it..
Some days I really get sick of the internet and simply wish I could talk to all of you face to face.
Need to invent a teleportation device
HappyMothersDay to all the Mums!
HesHot No lie.
He is very much so
First last final of the year!
This twitter site is a MONKEYS game Stretch my back i Stretch yours so if I Follow you FOLLOW me if not your a CRAB
Just holla if you got me and fk you if you had me.
Laker fans kill me.
we lost...but Kobe had 7,000 points!!
FOH!
Open source software isn't free.
who would break up with Heather Graham?
she's STILL beautiful
Bankruptcy is an opportunity for the honest debtor to obtain a fresh start.
will do
Its funny how when some white folks rap, instead of saying the nword, they say ninja
need to bring back !
I've never been so nervous about race registration.
Wish me luck with signing up for
Sorry for the delays, meeting with Jeremy now.
RT : I love kipcamp.
I can't believe all the great stuff i'm learning.
from bitly to SEO.
When did this miserable day turn into a gorgeous, almost springlike afternoon?
where u 
fingers crossed X
That's always fun...
NBA can't move multiple teams in the same year.
They're not the NHL.
Hornets bound for Louisville, still?
There you go OVI!!!!
If there is a hell, I'm convinced one of its rings must be a mall parking lot during the holidays.
Dante just didn't live long enough.
Chicago Hosts Mad ThursdaysOmalleys 2249 N.Lincoln ave,free beer bar from 1011,1 Beers,2 u call, 3 shots.
Get there early
you're wonderful!
yeeee your toe is very excited
should I change my DP?
how bout when the celtics lost to the 76ers?
oh ok
Anybody know what kind of jets those were that just flew over Crissy Field?
then the Thunder better win soon.
Someone is going to throw lots of money at them.
Good day Zayn.
Hope you're getting on well and that your mates are doing well.
My daughter and I love your music Best wishes.
I bet your gorgeous!
Money buys happiness
Happy Mother's Day!
Have a great day Moms everywhere!
Great first half.
Finished cutting Strawberries 2D glass piece for Art in the Gardens!
Now I have TWO pieces to foil!
Lol
3/4 NFC East teams have traded up...one more??
To crawl out of bed or to not crawl out of bed; that is the question!
CST Starter Kit: 2 copies of the CS Survey,1 CST Interpretation Manual,1 Behavioral Styles Overview  selected article reprints about CST
Sounds Like My Fella he is most definitely a Taurus
have had three good chances to score, but to no avail.
Scoreless in the third.
really needs a snow day!
I love fmj its so badass
It can also lead to you being doctorpped from your auto insurance company due to your extra risk factor you pose to their coverage
Keep those great applications coming!
Thanks for including tshirt sizes.
Making a big pickup tomorrow out in Virginia...
Oh your New icon :p
I miss ya
It's just all of the good energy you put into the world coming back to you.
Orlando milestone reporting has the best court reporters.
Im watchin jet li's fearless wat a movie!!
It really annoys me that my site isn't even on the first page of Google results for Best Coffee in Korea, which is most of my content.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:DD
laughter is holier than piety, freedom is sweeter than fame.
did they break the windows on both sides?
best player in the world.
MVP
The Zingaro has moved to their favorite spot at Tractor Brewing Co.
Tap Room.
Doors up and ready to serve untill closing
This bitch just sent me a pic of her boobs lmfaoooo
You could always just opt for apples with mustaches.
:
we'll be at spiderhouse tonight if you're antsy and want booze, and also to hang out with level designers AND ITS MA BIRFDAY
Thanks for the suggestions!
So excited to be going to the opening night party for MCC's CARRIE with tonight!
Happy Mothers day to all the great mothers in the world
My Missing Oscar Noms: Lisa Cholodenko, Debra Granik  Ryan Gosling
And we hope you enjoyed it....
My thoughts.....
my peeps are peaking right now.
Seriously those Easter leftovers are at the perfect staleness!
Mexican food was enjoyed and enjoyed again from the white box from Browning's!
RFT!
: biggest fear EVER ....
Is losing my momma :
I love that pic with the monkey.
Please follow back.
Thank you 
RT : How does Obama do so much golfing when he clearly doesn't have any balls?
ocraborrows Sarah's?
her'sRbigger than his
Up early as hell...
On my day off 
Who's awake  feels like chopping it up?
LMS
Tues Her Majesty: mister.
Brown / Does she have any Chronicles of Riddick: Dead Man Stalking news?
Uncrafty happens to the best of us!
true story.
I think I may break that out tonight.
Looks great, Gina!
Thanks
Why, thank you.
We 3 you, too!
RT : is freaking AMAZING!!!
I 3 them!
Anyone want a follow back ??
3
Sounds like a plan Nods
Dorito shelled tacos and a 4 pack of high life is how I ended my night, Im okay with that
I might be a hipster.
Ran into and Mary Van Luven at Swingers, a hipster place, right?
I'm a hipster by association, right?
follow me plz i hope u win n.b.t.
RT Fistula happens.50 of women in Africa give birth  home.
A trained local health worker is key 2saving these women
Does this Cook guy have a hookers chance in church of saving Apple's intellectual dominance?
Know what the For Lease sign on the 62ndoctorosevelt bldg's about?
None of the businesses appear to be out of business...
It's a great pleasure to know you enjoyed our show.
Did you go to Kennedy Center to see it?
Shenyun will be back next March.
Raid away!
I can give you our password for the rdgs, if you want it.
I want to be a librarian and talk about gaming.
All day e'eryday.
I've already committed 40 minutes to waiting for the Apple Store to open, can't give up now!
Thank you and happy FF to you!
President Obama is definitely the BEST boss I've ever had!!!
We have parties every night and take vacations every other week.
Oh yeah, GOLF
Thank you!!
are you watching the Rose Bowl today?
Somebody get us some Baghdad!
Apparently we're having Iraq withdoctorwals.
; please follow me?
i would like diee, if you did3
Lie after life after lie...
Joe jonas what planet are u from?
I'm wondering had it been a male that took the photo of Chris Brown if he would've grab that phone out of the dude hand?
cheers to the cruel assholes who closed dunkin donuts
DAMN I CUT MY FINGER!!
You have made my day 2X in a row
Nothing Like an Awesome X factor to Kickoff an Excellent Christmas!
And if you leave,you leaving the best,so you would have to settle for less!!
En La Escena TV wants to interview you today, heard you're Prince Royce's biggest fan!
1st in line!
Are you interested?
going to avec and publican....anything new i should try?
Happy New Year..2012 gona be a good one
is hot hot hot.
Can't wait until summerfest...woooohoooo!
I have not answered a single email this weekend.
I don't promote myself very often, but I'm pretty proud of the new song by Thesis Project.
Head to my facebook to check it out...
Yeah man, it's time to defeat 7 evils exes
alright man, Ill let you know if I am still going things have kind of come up expectantly.I really don't want to miss this race
Follow me and I will follow you back!
Thanks for the shout out !
Our first video will be out soon!
Everyone likes a little ass, but no one likes a smart ass.
Im not letting u fight
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs?
I hate them.
I've got all weekend.
I play  a piano bar every Thursday  The Other Side in Silver Lake, Los Angeles for 4 hrs, starting  8:30pm.
SINGERS welcome.
So proud of talented students who did fantastic intros for Nobel laureates
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female?
It is rarer.
Pretty sure there wont be a season.
Wanna win a free TFOF shirt?..Get yoself over to facebook tag us and you could!Contest ends Saturday!
pos guys should be grateful we're doing it but then coming is a no,
Good luck!
You should stop by ;
i make love to her, ill jus fuk her instead
RT : Saddened by sudden passing of Peter Berghammer.
A nice man with a ton of knowledge that he was kind in sharing.
I'm wondering if I need to make a special trip to the mall or find a hockey ticket to get mine
We couldn't agree more, Deborah!
Ugh i got really nervous cuz u were there!
XIFIN White Paper Evaluates Technologydoctorven BackOffice Improvements That ...
MarketWatch
don't forget the little guy Hahahaha
bravo to the musicians of the for a stunning allMozart program!
Cutting this hair though :
Have a great Monday and week everyone.
Thanks to all the new RBB followers!!!
Stay tuned for details to watch the full film next month.
I go there for the food!
Cracker barrel is full of old people, believe me, I was literally the youngest there
Chilln, cooking, baking, and watching football.
m legs not so much but arms and face, he was cute.
Won't u join us in Foster City?
RT HA!
Well there ya go!
Getting pumped to have all 17 beertowndpdc ensemble members together in one room at one time.
Tonight's pint night is glassware....
Followed by trivia at 7!
Come see us
April Fool's Day is officially overDid anyone pull any good pranks this year??

he prolly heard all I was saying abouut him..
so now he prolly thinks that i'm a freak :
Back at J Bird Studio with Big Snow Big Thaw today.
There is some seriously exciting stuff happening here.
just heard a woman say, Whee!
as she ran down the Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook trail.
Ready for an amazing week to come!
BecauseofObama ..
I might have to work until I am 75, maybe 80.
tried to refer to my new pink sweater as a jumper...
couldn't do it.
just had to check that i'm still american.
Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
Bestpaymentsguy thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Interested in environmental sustainability?
Join the DK Green Team  help us save the earth.
or DM us for more info!
Beach tomorrow and then grabbing a few doctornks with Mike.
Out golfing.
Damn, you mad?!
You are blowing up my feed with this Mayweather MADness!!
I got GREAT news from my schools financial aid office about my scholarship!
Evangelicals/women rejected: Palin, Bachman
I spent 1 hour bowling.
217 calories burned.
looks awesome!
We are proud to support
I woke up this morning, what more can I ask for BLESSED!!!
A lot of advice given yesterday some I will actually take....
Rich also asks jury to deny probation.
That's it.
Saving fireworks for partner Tamara Strauch.
Defense attorney Pat Hancock now up.
Touch Down Fort Lauderdale!
In SUV enroute to South Beach.
First stop EleventhStreetDiner!
I went with and had a great time!
OJ is delicious!
LMK next time you go.
oh I was gone wait until we got face to face in the very near future to bring it up lol
Sent.
And I'm just looking to finish the interviews by the end of next week.
So if you don't have time now, no worries.
Ozzie: do the same amount of work in smaller schools as big schools
My mom's going to keep my facebook updated with the addoctorss for my Mission so keep an eye out for that sometime in March :
Exciting to think a week from now hopefully I'll be in Chicago with and !
Make plans now to cheer on the Brewers at MillerPark.
500 for up to 8 people.
Let us take you out to the ballgame.
Call 6087642917.
IN love to the mother monser
It's the you fuck up you're out the league, so don't fuck up hug.
It's really nothing special.
They do have a bar though, which makes any place a lot cooler.
felt like ants .
I still have my HS backpack with Voodoo Glow Skulls written in wite out
lol!!
You know it!
Gonna master my Player ' skills.
Haha.
I heard ashtonkutcher was gettin his PhD before he made it so....
Soo the boy I like his name is Joshua Santiago it can't be but I like him hes in my class please dont tell him it's a secrete:x but webestes
Desire: it doesn't take talent to hustle and be on time.
what age WHEN you get tired of going to the movies lol JW im a dvd type of guy
MMMUUUAAAHHH thank you :
Anyone know a cool, edgy graphic artist to design my header for new website for reasonable pay?
DM w/ referrals.
and its what time and i cant sleep and have to get up at what time in the morning?
Check out The Little Things Video and PLEASE RT it!
VO voiceover voice over
Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live!
FWM t
Starmentor is seeking promotional staff nember to support Jennifer Milan's US tour  www.digistarmgt.com
where is that?
what's up how's it goin
very nice post.
I love the second picture.
It reminds me of the old days.
Ya you should follow !!!
I always regret leaving my phone on silent when I can't find it:/
haha DEAD !!!
I'm crackin up right now!!
watching each train go by is like a cup of coffee to my eyes they keep me awake, so I wouldn't have a chance of
Let's go
i would never tell ;
boy my muscles achin !
so no soccer ball is traveling with you, no single person to kick a ball around with you.
I am sure there is someone
great to meet you as well!
and thanks for organizing, Jon!
To be a failure you have to be trying really hard, because it takes a lifetime to accomplish it.
Hi Lori...I get it.
LOL
Just remembered a funny experience I had with Garrett.
But at least there is potential in everyone.
in that scene was it shemat and or was it there stunt doubles?
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted.
George Kneller
Oh ok lol : oh i will lol ill be n da house doctornkin.
hope you're having a good day
Hair Tip: It is advised that you get your hair trimmed every 68 weeks.
bo!!!!!
I'm way on the southwest lol
Jaguar Land Rover eyes new site
Future ; Neva End .
.
On REPEAT !
Good Morning Saturday!!!
ART Shows today
Ah perfect  my thanks!
Clearly a more complex genealogy of spiritmeat than I originally assumed.
love this place  got the best wrap this year evah!!
Many thanks.
are you excited for your birthday!?!!??!!
What are you going to wish for?
Agree, this is not helping
Don't get scared off, folks.
I believe you can use Neatline with a static image w/o geoserver.
I hate that I always worry too much and make lil things into HUGE things!
:
i have had the worst day ever!!
Advice?
Why cant all guys be like ur sons!!!
Is grounded, My mom took everything away!She even reset my Facebook password!
Fuck it.
They dont know my Twitter password.
Nice try bitches.
Yes mam!
Love them so much!
:D
I would LOVE that!
I'll shoot you an email tomorrow...
Hey Guys follow the newest addition to the group opening in July in Wicker Park
I'm in vegas.
I'll get back to you.
You're up too early today!
My whole life I grew up being a people pleaser.
Now that I'm a teenager I don't know how to please myself...
please get new trains...
Thanks, glad you like it :
The short answer is that my professorssional history and that of EVMS have shared common values, passion, and guiding principles.
thank you!
Knowing that you 3 Me..
Makes everythin' alrightt!
:D
Enjoyed the visit today.
Life sucks when you have a good heart.
You help too much.
You trust too much.
You give too much.
And most importantly, you love too much.
96 ball game over Houston.
The Stacheford saves it again
at least you're sorrythanks
Your turn to follow us!
YEAH!
coming to Chicago Feb 16 17.
That should make winter here a little less dismal.
Doing my hair then off to school trip today  
thanks for the RTs.
Thought about retweeting Then didn't.
lol shut up!
ur so lucky congrats
Im pretty sure im a redbull addict...
yep.
Oneweek holiday, back again!
:p
bout to call u boo
Is this race walkerfriendly?
I don't see walkers mentioned on your website.
Where can I see a course map?
Love you
Beautiful day!
Thank you Lord!.
It has been said that 80 of what people learn is visual
are you sure about that
sorry but uh, you smell..bad.
Love your system!
Is there any smartunfollow feature to remove people that don't follow you....
but not recent follows?
I do.
I'm just saying that Heller's a propagandist.
A huggable propagandist, but a taxpayer salaried one, too.
Looking forward to HOWLive this weekend look for me in the NewPage booth to see what all the buzz is about
Needs a shoutout from and the crew for good lick!!
Roses are red
I'm good.
What abt u?
what do you like to do when you come to NYC :
everyone please follow my buddies
Perfect night with my cute little sickly
Gads I hate homework.
This AP English is killing me.
When is summer coming?
can't wait to get to Teen Hoot and see all these stars coming.
World wisdom sounds good but usage is shortterm...
God's wisdom sounds simple but extends well beyond our understanding.
not todaay.
It's late.
Tomorrow.
Go to sleep already hoe lol
Melo wants this game.
I don't follow?
He was put on a fast track to the bigs for a HS kid from the word go.
Nodding off on 75.
Someone better call me and keep me awake before I pull a Nick Hogan
Good morning twitter family
So many things in this world are crying out for a good graphic design makeover.
I think his point was that, for users, ' being on path means nothing, unlike with instagram.
Time to clean up,Shower,pack the camera bag and head out to film and shoot photos today around the city!Hopefully it stays doctor out for a few
found you on linkedin.
Would love to chat about your sites and experience.
It's like a cleaner, better written Code Monkeys.
RT : 8bit Community is awesome!
Tks for the follow.
I love your tweets!
The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public...
Happy holidays everyone!
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
feels like you have to wade through a lot of junk to find a few interesting pins.
I still pin, but rarely peruse.
Gotta be honest Peter...at camping we would sing Something died up your are tonight, musta been something you ate ;
don't get fired w/them old pics
I LOVE English class!!
Don't you ??
Good day:
Just tapped Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat.
ok i will be ther waiting and doing my homework while im waiting
hookers and blow and discount coupons.
Have you hiked any of your ways?
We crossed the moors in a hail storm and then hiked along the North Sea.
Loved it.
3rd Goal Most Of All: Become Producer Of The Year As Well As Artist Of The Year!
i went from 146 followers 2 165 u guys are angeks everybody and i mean EVERYBODY
so you're still alive?
Hahah
I can't fucking believe any of this.
Screenshots vs.
Bad Handwriting
message , , or or talk to any of the bands if you want presale tickets!
Thanks for the follow!
And, thank you for cheering up my morning every weekday!
Still not at school ..
.
Thanks for selecting my post
Welcome to the team Damian Lopez!
I would live at the playboy mansion if I didn't have to have sex with hef
Does Trader Joes pay these people to shop postexercise in their workout clothes or are they disgusting of their own accord?
Another amazing concert!!
A  collaboration would be icing on the cake!!
So proud of our new Confirmation grads/members!
Can't wait to see your impact on the church and community.
Chicago in Feb, needing only a sweatshirt, doctornking a Green Line and eating at The Counter?
Yeah, life is good.
Happy Birthday to !
Can't wait to celebrate!
Great business planning meeting in Dallas this weekend w Howard Partridge and Phenomenal Products.
Gave a copy of my book to Zig Ziglar
I know you are no longer with us but I Love and Miss you
RT : Not to forget on graduation day are KStateMBB's and Much love and luck in the next stpe
And then going to your local Voodoo Doctor and getting a wart curse cast on her...
Have A Good Day Loovee!!!!
Listening to SW/production team Stargate speak about their careers.
Wish Berklee students could hear this !
Metrics that lead to action, 5 p.m., rm 105 A/B
Tomorrow I got to visit my uncle How about we hang wednesday with andoctorw?
mister.
McGee keep it 100!!!
Aahhh man, Imma still believe u, but momma be knowin'!!
Hey Jordan
Yay!
MT N.
Mpls friends, is brewing our beans.
Cookies w/ a Cause  Peace Coffee can't get any sweeter!
Please suh, can I have som mo?
THAT VOICE!!!!!
It doesn't take much to cheer me up.
doctorams feel real while we're in them.
It's only when we wake up that we realized something was actually strange.
Not easily scared out of Mexico is the team of IEP Program Advisors!
No but really we'll go if it gets bad.
For now it's business as usual.
2005 White Sox World Series might be hurting the team now  Kenny thinks everything he does is golden but he needs to be more efficient...
Twitter dead...
facebook dead...
I can't wait to be with my man..
Masoli makes another play with his legs, but runs away from pass rush and tosses to WR for 12yeard gain and 1st down.
Love this impersonator guy!!
Fuck you, dawn!
I still got 3 hours before this fucking paper's due!
Hope there's enough room in our freezer for all this food!
I miss cuban coffee from Miami.
Well it's easy for me lol.
please follow she is you biggest fan!86
i like that.
thanks for sharing.
Starting to realize the hard work and effort it takes to get a 4.0....
Lord give me strength
I just wanna kick it n excercise ya diggz.
Anyone else have an Oscars hangover?
So sleepy this morning.
Newt Gingrich is on Piers Morgan Tonight.
Lol I Got It
bruh.
What happened to your bed??
Quite funny to see
Napping on one of the couches in the clab.
Don't care.
yeah....u kinda just flipped out for a lil bit
Judy Sloan of Atlanta has won the lottery four times...
: Learning to ignore certain people and things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
: I would hold you for a million years to make you feel my LOVE
Looking for all like minded people!!!!
At the oncologist for 10:00 appt.
How long will we wait today?
Good night mate :
I checked for that first.
:
I find it easier to love others if I stop caring what they are doing in relation to myself.
I simply love for the sake of loving.
Feels good
Found my doctorss for tonight
welcome to the 30 club!!!!
Courtesy of the red, white and blue!!!!
: if that is my biggest concern then no sweat!
Senate democrats are advocating for campaign finance reform which includes public financing of campaigns
seems I haven't really tweet'd in ages.
gonna have to relearn this.
Good to know.
RT : For the record  is way crazier than I am!
;
NEW KINGDOM HEARTS 3D TRAILER JUST CAME OUT AN HOUR AGO!!!!!!
I'M GONNA EXPLODE!!!
OHMYGOD!!!!
333333
Minneapolis now recycling plastics 15.
So pleased.
Feature:spring greens salad w/ tomatoes,chicken breast,olives,artichoke hearts,almonds,parmesan,basil white balsamic vinaigrette.9
Wow.
Incredible responsibility, Harveyand I know your firm has made a wise choice in you.
Apparently I doctornk milk the way I doctornk scotch: neat and in big sips.
lol i know!
I thought about that last night and was like 'hey I need to give her her shirt back!!' :P
truth it hurts I know
Adele gives shout out to Someone Like You songwriter Dan Wilson, the guy behind Semisonic and Closing Time
the interview requests must be pouring in already
Congrats, a Valentine's present for a mom!
Good morning :
performance or injury?
My print order at Staples wasn't ready because they'd run out of staples!
takes credit for jobs there, so this too is on him.
Where did this weekend go?!?!
Sorry my mind works in weird ways....
it's not my fault.
We can still try to stop Kony!
But why 4/20?
there are 366 days in this year...
My day went from good to fabulous.
;
The culture that perpetuates and encourages bigotry needs to change, and minds will follow.
Site is starting to blow up..
Remember to send me any trade concerns in your fantasybaseball league
guess who's Bacc.....
yea, we all have are own opinions and i have no problem with that, but i know what i see.
It's almost 8pm  it feels like summerwarm  the sun is still up.
Love this time of the year...
Sitting in History doing absolutely nothing because my teacher is so unprepared.
he'll attack me...
He's so big now o.o He's 5'2 and he's only 11!
Wait.
So I have to be big before?
That's not fair.
Hey, how are you?
brought me a chocolate doughnut and oreo bc i had the shittiest day ever Shes Jesus and everyone should follow her cuz YOLO
as I thought  whispers liar
I hope you're not upset we got a John Cena and a Sheamous shirt ; Even though you're not my number 1, good luck on Sunday
haha yeah but he did on the and 1
June i wanna find a job , penny coming soon
yeah?
That's awesome to know
I hate that when I get my productivity apps fine tuned it leaves little room for experimenting with paradigm shifting new tools.
the website shows that the shoes I sent back were more expensive than the ones I want now, so I don't know why the issue
: Looking forward to having in tonight.
we can't wait
Tons of emails  phone calls to catch up on...if ur on the list, 'patience is a virtue'....please
This Weekend I Want To Get Really Fucked Up  Just Forget About Everything That Happemed This Week .
.
dailyfeedback Songs with percentages in the lyrics  Soul Coughing Taj Mahal
Going to the BucsColts tonight w/ my brother.
GO BUCS!
: My comedy's not for everyone, it's mostly just for people who are really fucking smart  super fucking cool.
i think ur funny
I think im slowly falling for you.
:
Stop trying to fit in, you were born to stand out
I have used Beatles I Want You before!
Also Regenerator Famished.
2 on MGF did strip vids to sell on their pages.
Rawr!
Dang Pacers took it on the chin tonight....
WIZARDS tomorrow night...
it's okay guys wizards piece of cake lol
still your birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Your AMAZING,, just like what they say!
I LOVE YOU...
Naturally, the night Joe says he will get up with B, he sleeps 8 hours straight...such my luck!!
Now time for a pajama sunday in bed!
Shut UP
I love how USWNT is getting back on D.
If they do that for another 25 minutes the outcome will be victory.
plenty of
The time to move again was 3 years ago....
lol dammit Patrick can't you see Spongebob wants the card.
Agreed!
Go a head and for a line bandwagoners!
Happy Monday!
listening to Usmile on the radio ohh yaaaayyy!!
love him3
WhenTime2raise the debt limit, Will GOP stomp  pout  take their ball home  brat the USA c downgrade again?
hard transition
Hope everybody had a good time last night.
We definitely did.
Thank for putting it together
I'm in a charity fashion show!
kinda excited and skeered.
New years eve and I'm wearing shorts.
winter installs
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century  Marshal McLuhan
I am quite convinced that knows the questions my man will ask me ...
before he asks them.
dude between going and then coming home?!
yep!
at CHI2011 we should have a panel with people who were there at CHI1982 and make them relive the moment
I love Twitter more than Facebook cause I can update my status every 5 minutes without people thinking I'm crazy.
when my brother is watching rio he doesnt pay attention to me at all..
even he knows to ignore me
SanAntonio is getting ready for the Battle of the Flowers parade at 12:45P today.
at databq Chongquin, the Chicago of the east, is a city in China of 32m, and it's adding 300,000 people a year
appreciates happy tweets in his honor.
Thanks but I have come to expect darker tweets from you.
Its what i do!
he was nice when we saw him.
We started a one call that's all chant too.
and you and your crew
Come to our rummage sale!!
2953 S Wentworth Ave.
Today goes till 3 and tomorrow is 10 till 3.
Come on over!!
Seriously!
I can't believe it's been a year already!!
Words cannot describe how happy I am.
Just finished my last college research paper!
Now I'll start writing exegeticals for fun!
I finished the Griffith Park Trail 1/2 Marathon with my wife  running role model, Eileen Prudhont.
She is amazing, I'm so lucky  proud.
EA Sports, it's in the game!
That announcer is so pumped when ever I put in a sports game, I love it!
Sunbathing in my backyard.
All I see is this gay shit on my TL.
Let men have buttsex and let bitches scissor each other.
Financial independence is a result of focus and hard work.
Need one more follower to break 1,000  whos in?
Their weekends will become disappointing once they step on campus...
by the end of the summer ;
I can't believe I wrote like 6 pages in Irish about Justin and my teacher didn't even bother reading it :/
I really wish would accept my FB friend request.
Sure, we've never met in real life, but we're both freaking amazing!
At Cause Marketing Forum in Chicago, and I keep getting chills as I learn more about CSR campaigns!
i turn 27 a week from today.
what is a 27 year old to do!?
Anyone miss me?
tech2012 I hate conversations about Netflix using bandwidth without anyone paying for it.
The consumer is paying for Internet access!
u lookn for BANGERS send me uh email 2 send'em to pimp.....GUARaNTEED FiRE!!!!
Why am I so sad
Thank you to EVERYONE who voted!
We're so proud to have won especially cause it is an award chosen by the public!
Have an Amazing Monday
Knicks leading the whole game...get outscored 4017 in the 4th quarter.
Is anyone surprised?
Omg that sounds good.
And I turned off the American Country Awards...
We're hoping so too.
Fingers crossed!
talked to some awesome frens on fb chat, so yea im kool like that
Obama.....30 tax on people who make 1 million dollars?
Thats 300,000 in taxes right?
I'm not rich but thats just bogus
oooohhhh....
Yes they screwed up!!
Kevin is in the same building as me...
Suddenly erection.
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly must really hate today...
Rescue Me season finale :  Dammit!!
Raises glass of wine This one is for you, Lou...
Follow the roadmap to success, protect  help others, avoid the failures and dangers.
Mainly, I designed the Transcription Tool and worked on TEI stuff.
Play pussy , get FUCKED , show feelings , get HURT, be faithful , get CHEATED on , show love , get LEFT , be honest , get LIED to!
Midlakes Basketball: Last night's progress won't mean anything unless we can carry ourselves like that again...and again...and again...
JonnyTee Friday Night Video Shoot Saturday 12pm  Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach, Ca.
After Party 10pm2am.
No Cover.
Hip Hop.
Wikileaks shows the GOP vicious attacks on me is just because I am a women, this should scare all women in this country,
Don't fall into partisan framing.
Partisan frames blind us.
Our readers want something else.
damn it ok lol
: Whatever you're facing today, remember to give yourself some credit for making it this far.
You are stronger than you know.
So many hot geeks at the interactive portion of
LOL what abs?
What about your ass Sandoctor.
What about that?
Ok.
I don't have a big ass like you.
Fucker.
dude, that was hilarious.
That's a lot of dishing!
RT : Bucks have recorded assists on a ridiculous 75.8 of their FGs over the last 4 games.
NotIntendedtoBeaFactualStatement?
mt : Robert B.
claims Planned Parenthood passing out condoms in schools leads to more abortions.
Sharon Link, Ph.D.
and Jimmy Link will sign books at Hastings in Spokane Valley March 23, South Hill March 24 Coeur d' Alene March 25.
WhatBrightensUpMyDay Knowing God loves me unconditionally.
He loves you too!
All tied up in Toronto...66 between and
I haven't heard Pinstripe, but the WH DJ is freakin awesome!
You need him for your party!!
Mayor caught himself right after saying that Manhattan was the densest area in the world :
me too!
Everyone went to philadelphia and i am home :
I know the feeling!
RT : We stayed up way too late, pretending to be teenagers.
It doesn't work so well in your thirties.
RT if you saw glee's season finale!
so freaking awesome!
hope you have a happy holidays jacob :
hm rememory....m
Do you think the testimonies expert witnesses gave during Casey Anthony's Trial are credible?
WHEN nigga im serious...
Need Direct Billing for clients??
That's a silly little pile.
You should see the stacks I would make for any one of my law school classes.
whew ok not as intense as I thought it would be lol
Snow already?
Madison, I'm sorry but today I do not miss you.
Are you a tower?
Because Eiffel for you.
AWESOME show last night in WV!
Halestorm was the best performance and can't wait til you come back around!
is absolutely unstoppable right now.
I have a feeling Laker fans will be letting you hear about that air ball 3.
Good luck in G7!
Happy Birthday to my baby brother.
:
Yes!
Might have to wait until later in April though, for work and weather reasons...
Looks like a great day to rehab.
Pandora stations for each class today 1 arcade fire 2 Mumford  sons 3 ??..students listen as they search
Hello, Scotland!
We have an Aberdeen in WA state, too.
Loved harry gold's session during prndigital cant wait to dwnld the social media map!
Watching Immortals with mom she gets freaked out for everything lol
Who will be joining us at SPiN Milwaukee next Wednesday for a FREE Ping Pong Party!?
849 for a stroller.
I'd love to review the Origami 4moms falo Português :
Man, I remember when Whitney was just a freshfaced model for Seventeen magazine.
It's sad to see how she ended up.
I'll be on in a second
Going back and comping recording sessions is weird.
I don't remember us doing half of this stuff...
yes, and I spelled microsite with two words when I wrote about it.
On the Interwebs.
Nope just punk, I apologize for the 4 people paying attention.
Talking with today.
Any questions for him?
in I will be today in San Francisco
Id like to meet your face!
tomorrow we will have fun :
A Fathers work is Never done.My lil girl is under the weather..Breaks my Heart!!
Em said to keep track of her panties.
Don't want any Sixteen Candles scenarios
...another day to try and bake the donuts...
same cause I have you as my GF 3
Still something to look forward to!!
I hate spongebob
undawareness panties  simple butt powerful  visit our website today.
use the tell a friend button to help spread the word.
thank you.
all three?
VIP / ROCKSTARS IN GUCCI / KINGS AND QUEENS / YEAH WE'RE GONNA MAKE A SCENE!
hmm i guess i wonder whether love can be experienced outside of the intimacy your installations create
I have just finished shoveling snow for the day and yet I'm no closer to getting out!!
Either was hacked by a spammer that is posting gift cards on people's boards w/o permission or very bad promo.
It has been hard to read your tweets.
HH soon?
Maybe you could use some outside the issue friends like too!
Off for some last minute shopping and then off to the airport.
kanna New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
House of Payne.
Terrible, terrible sitcom.
Ppl can see gold digger in a distance so keep far away please
Did you hold it?
Haha
I wanna play doctorw something you you :
There's a lot of candy left.
Reserving Feb 16 for Dallas maybe?
GoRangers!
Exciting announcement coming soon :D
I hate having to take test.
When video is open: click on ZoomnPanright click on the vid above itclick on Snap to video edges.
Does this help?
: Aint nothin like chris brown 1st album .truth,just said this yesterday
I feel you bro.
I feel you
Lmao.
My sister !
anyone awake?
Need someone to talk..
What if I told you, TV cameras don't pay attention to streakers...unless they stalk the athletes?
What is, the thing you do when you can't find an excuse not to clean your room?
Im in a good mood 
NewOrleansBowl 4th and goal at the 3 for ULL.
Timeout, decision time!
Mud dogs, mud dogs...
Our first two followers!!
Because I, I want to be, Every little thing that you want,That you need, that you breatheσ
RT if you'd love that I make an album.
Proposal submitted with  for MCN2012 after a slight bit of submission form hacking and knavery.
Ah this day is amazing...
Last Thursday in MHS ever!!
good look!!!
His brain has not only been washed, as they say; it has been doctor cleaned!
Brisket is has been in for over 7hrs and it still aint done!
playoff tickets I Want
If it happens, it must be possible...
Got 16 of 24 predicted correct for the Oscars !
No plans next Friday?
Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for
so jealous.
Their vodka sauce is pretty much my idea of heaven.
just wasting time waiting on the food to get done
my ipod isnt sliding to unlock :
Chicken and Waffles!?
I'll wait on the stoop.
Cant believe all those years I thought La Jolla, California was pronounced La Jawlah lol
I say my prayers to coach Cal every night.
So good bass is good for Bassers
USA 2m!!
Predicting we make it to the semifinals at least.
I know right!
Well I have to finish some more school work and then go to the after school program I work at :!!!
I can't wait!
Handlebars expands a LOT on mustache, not sure if all functionality should be in scope for ICH.
Dot notation is nice though.
Thank you!
Have a great weekend!
I am so addicted to Cokea Cola...
New commission program.
Yes please!
So cool!!
You kids are awesome!!
Thank you!
RT : Today is a special day I feel the energy running strong !!!!!!!!!
the things we see so far are at our fingertips!
Just left a friends bar mitvah on the way to my cousins ugh its hard life patying soo much in 1 day jersey shore tonight!!!
Watching the game.
Lets Go Buffalo!
Come to tonight  6pm!
Students are excited for the reaction to their largerthanlife photos.
See you there!
M...Mini Bison Burgers!
Thanks
TEN ITEMS  Find 10 cool items in your closet, garage, or storage unit you can auction then bring them down for our 628 auction.
SO TRUE, Vika/Pova fear Serena.
In their defense, its hard 2 read Serena's 1st serve.
Vika needs a weapon 2 trouble Serena
Coming back to NYU today!
Greenwich hotel, can't wait to move in!
life is such a Ibn ElSharmoota some times
Finns make some flame tacos..
probably so
I've been keeping up with my yoga...if doctorpping a muffin on the floor and doing standing splits to pick it up counts.
So blessed to have 2 childoctorn I would admire even if they weren't my own!
I'm with you, but that is exactly the point.
Teaching, collaboration, these are joyfully difficult enterprises.
life never gets uncomplicated does it?
The consensus is Yes.
But I didn't shave my legs.
Hope nobody looks too closely...
Many thanks for the shoutout!
Glad to hear you're enjoying the series.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Headed to Awards?
Stop by for Happy Hour before!
Snack Words release candidate is out to beta testers.
make sure to tweet me , call me or text me lol :
my mom is an
13 Reasons to Attend the Joining FORCEs Against Hereditary ...
deadly accident in downtown Jersey City tonight.
At least one casualty believe to be a pedestrian woman.
Grove st and grand st
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope you enjoy this beautiful day!
i think i keep saying graph when i really mean chart

girls who have childoctorn before they can legally ingest alcohol
Kennywood was awesome yesterday!
Would have been better without the pink eye but watever!
LikeABoss I still went anyway!
Flower Kings  Tour Kaputt  Cd  Dvd and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Is coffee a religion to you.
Is it more than a morning treat?
At 7:40am we're giving away a Keurig coffee maker.
Be there.
Infrastructure projects are fine but are Kenyans prepared to maintain them?
Daily Nation
Just gonna walk away before i do something stupid...FUCK designating titles...
My bby all i need cuz shes everything to me
relaxing with my furry child catching up on movies and then watching the Bears win!
Amare had twisties ...
Nothing more terrible than that.
Working on my 14th hour of nonstop work right now.
Only 3 more to go..
way cool, my little brother will love it!
Here we come !
killed !
Owned those Function 1's!
Don't ever go full sock monkey.

Christine  Pleasant surprise, thank you!
Amazing sharing with experts  us learners at tcbsm4hr.
Congrats on the event.
how is it so cool?
It's just Dallas?
Lol
20ThingsAboutMe I've really never done anything seriously bad before...
My bad attitude is maybe the worse thing about me.
TY so much for RT my blog on the bad kids.
Secure https setting now on Twitter for all users by default...
Some apps will no longer work...
Strange weather for Winter.Even the trees are confused.
Some started blooming flowers in February when they should do so Spring.
Alex is sexy ;
the tongues out and everything...
Teachers need to chill with all this work and worry about the FCAT.
Howard won't accept Sheldon's apology and this makes Sheldon very confused.
Watch The Big Bang Theory with us at 6:30!
I went on a blogging spree last night!
I blogged an entire weeks worth!
ask snoop dog and his pals, they seem to have that chalice thing down pat..
woo happy birthday to and mah' bestieeee c:
it does.
I know it.
musicmemory all you wanted michelle branch...
first boyfriend
GOP against folks going to college is an attempt to keep the Rush making 50 mil per year to spew his crap.
goodnight  i love you Jason .c:
you are the man
I love that it's US Open time again!
And 2 weeks till in concert at San Diego House of Blues!!
Sitting on the bus to Dayton!
So excited to watch world guards and independent guards at wgi!
Woo hoo for college.
where are you?
If you think the problem is out there, that very thought IS the problem
But it's my birthday week.
So I think I'll start celebrating tonight
Grown up concerts are funny.
People sit, eat popcorn and there is no pot smell.
I'm doing that, too.
RT : Maybe I can do a list of the 10 Best Films along with my 10 Favourite Movies.
Friends are like condoms.
They are always there to protect you when things get hard.
Well it buys me a little time but mom picked me up and took me in so I did the only thing I could do.
I hissed at her.
:o
love u
Almonds have been shown to help lower your levels of bad cholesterol.
Try a handful as an afternoon snack.
The Blasphemer Trilogy is complete and sent off!
Let all Portland golf geeks unite!
RT: It's back.
Yes, I'm a golf geek...
I heard Jack and Diane on the radio this morning and starting laughing out loud.
It's about time I made myself more awesome !
I have some huge goals to reach this summer, and I'm not going to let anything stop me.
brainfart on my part...I guess.
Thanks for the feedback.
I know its the other way around...
I swear folks jus like 2 argue
Don't expect anything from people because people suck.
cocaine80s is no i.d's new mixtape.
we takin back to high school, cuz Common is on this mother.
my lips be doctor
Rt speed racer off vol1 been stuck in my damn head all day..damn that's pretty huff but u got off.
RT Success comes in cans, not cant's.
If there is 1 thing that I have lrned about going to school in this city, it's that on any given day u can find someone to go out with you.
this morning was a definite fail
Facing the Giants
other than being sick, awesome.
Great to see everyone, also got to see the wives and kidlings on Saturday.
so now i cant even observe games on pokerstars?
sauce vs rui happening and the software wants me to download playmoneyonly version :
has a fellow Socialist, Francois , leading France.
Aren't we tired of these social experiments?
Stop waiting for the next best thing.
Stop waiting for the other shoe to doctorp.
Be an active participant in your own life and happiness!

ah ha!
But that is just part of their wily plot to disarm you!
If you liked CARNAGE ROAD, THE FRENZY WAR or COSMIC FORCES, please consider posting reviews at Amazon!
Stuff like that helps.
I bet it already exists...
I'm gonna be looking for it too haha
lol, yes I did and yes you are, but I couldn't pass up that offer.
;P
Thanks for helping us spread the word !
Watching some WWYD :
indeed, just classic.
we need to start coming up with more words like that.
aw...it's cold there
Why build these cities glorious if man unbuilded goes?
In vain we build the world unless the builder also grow  Edwin Markham
Thursday XOdallas 101.7 is broadcasting live and they will be giving out tickets for Enrique Bumbury and Zoe's concert.
I need a booking agent!
go to my page on twitter and u gonna see the picture i put up...
It has the peace sign and mb names on our hands
my favorite genre of music is quasi60's Lynchian doctoram pop.
Yahoo CEO in trouble for resume blunder.
Front page of the I can hear 's Monday response already.
NASCAR is for racists.
Sean and I would have the most beautiful childoctorn!
Shivers...
Remember the HR in the 8th he hit last year to clinch it?
He's too good.
mediachat Social media management, from engagement to analytics  how can tools help and what you need to know to make them effective.
Mom caught me twerking O.O
We got to 300  thank you Team24Infinity!!!
I love turtles 
i know where, its a secret : pack your truck amigo....Dan Banks and the Horse Pickers
So are we doing this?
Its like Pandora is reading my mind
Anyone else find that the more Franco you watch, the more recurring themes you notice?
Countess Perverse was thematically similar to both...
Looks like I'm going to be in an upcoming online Member's Spotlight for
Watching the last song ;
Excited to write this article on don't ask, don't tell.
Not a fan of that law.
Not one bit.
Pizza hut with Carolina cuz YOLO
top 10, dunk, dunk, dunk, dunk, unreal goal should be number 1, dunk, dunk, who gives a shit NBA sucks.
Us too.
my bro man came through with info for me
Another question for re: childoctorn by misterDavid Peña  SDSUChildoctorn'sCenter: Show affection 2 form holistic view  world citizen
Just read your post.
Both had our hair chopped when we were younger.
Go figure.
Have a good night.
sent!
getting in touch with is an awesome idea :
Private event today !
I'm following most everyone who follows MELUS, and I've put a list together of Ethnic Lit tweetersanyone I shd.
add?
Where's that rib joint you were talking about earlier?
Michelle's already hungry again!
Shocker!!!
You know you're in love when the hardest thing to do is say good bye.
Doc Rivers on Avery Bradley: I thought he played fine.
I didnt' think we'd have him.
At halftime they said we wouldn't.
Her 'food' is processed by the enemy.
you rock.
Where are you from?
I kinda gave up when tons of people I want to win joined :
Let's keep going!
Had an awesome morning workout!!
:
Great  wasted a friday; blah a little tipsy thought x.x.
Did You Know?
Border Collie clubs have mounted an active campaign to keep their breed OUT of the AKC
Hola tocayo!
Hope all is well with you and yours.
he who closes his ears to the views of others shows little confidence in the integrity of his own views.
She has zero interest in bed time.
I have zero interest in having a puppy full time.
Lost without music
either get the Justin.tv app or you might have to get the app skyfire for any other sites
nhdebate Newt finally comes alive!
You are making a big step and were going to support you through it all.Were here to stay and will never ever leave you okay?3
There is not enough nirvana in my life.
thank you.
I'm good.
How are u?
I should not be wearing pants right now.
email or fb works :
Celebrate the WINTER SOLSTICEshortest day of the yr in terms of daylight in No.
Hemisphereby adorning your home w/ a yule log  mistletoe!
hahaha hanging upside down from trees.
NICE.
wow!
Really!?
Would make for good TV!!
Taking the elevator bc im an American.
i never said fight but what ever
Bad call in 3rd inning of NLCS last night cost the Giants the game.
Straight down w/o touching plate  foul ball.
Even Halladay knew it.
What we could do is just hand the ball to Kobe every time we make a doctorve.
More efficient that way.
Thanks for the follow !
TODAY WAS GREAT :
Letters: Mortgages And The 1940 Census
Still can't get over the fact that we were a powerful David Stern away from the greatest back court in NBA history.
If you have blocked by a large number of people.
Everyone at Hollister can go fuck themselves, store is basically highschool all over again, grow the fuck up.
whats been good man im tryna find some management
Who you spend time with and who you listen to creates your life.
Thanks dude
Come on!
Your days of freedom are numbered.
Have fun while you still can!
It's not like you work hard on Fridays anyway, right?
Not really.
Colt was a 3rd rounder who essentially got a 20 game trial, and they moved on.
It's not that it hurt me or my feelings..
It just pissed me off.
CancionesEnEspañolQueNoPuedenFaltarEnMiMP3 I have no idea what this even means or why its trending haha
Sorry to anyone who has tried to call or text in the last hour or so.
My phone is being wonky.
Do you just quote things from you favorite tv shows that you watch?
of course birthday girl!
:D
8 prints shipped off to Bham for framing for Magic City Art Connection.
I'm getting a bit nervous about this show.
Not my normal audience.
Boehner's failure may give President more leverage to invoke 14th amendment  avoid default  but White House says it won't do so
Argh...someone shared a site for creating awesome infographics and now I can't find it!
Anyone?
good choice.
I think she's hilarious on Parks  Rec.
I wish I could be as doctor and deadpan as she is, but sadly I'm too nice.
:
9 year old boy doctorves to his elementary school tuesday morning.
his mum was in the passenger seat.
eh??
You lift my feet off the ground; spin me around.
You make me crazier.
Haha Good thing he didn't say bra RT : , I Walked into a dude at the park, he said sorry bro..
It was a thrill to see CAA on the caller I.D.
haha.
Sad part, it stopped me in my tracks from writing, just now getting back.
ready for more ThirstDC?
They've got an entire Smithsonian lineup Apr.
26  hope to see you and your hubby there!
:
Happy Mother's Day to you RED HAUTE MAMA!
Ice cream maker attachment, IPOD docking station, and a job...
all in a day's work:p
try the firefly tea vodka too
Flip practice yesterday.
Indoor pool, warm, clean water...A MUST have skill for all scullers.
No no mind ruined.
Why did I click that link?
Why?
I knew I was in a bad neighborhood
Oh haha, I'm not suprised!
Haha you're there early!
Are you wearing heels or flats?
Let us know how you're spending your Mother's Day, YUMs!
i agree with you on that!
:
universal truth is not measured by mass appeal.
I will love Thee, O Lord, my strength; the Lord is my foundation, and my refuge, and my deliverer.
no I'm not home I'm at school and in probably goin to Mexico
A.
Tenfelde getting the nod tonight.
wtf?
Just leave her alone.
Festive Soiree w/Robin Pluer  Friends  one night only Dec.
8 at 7:30pm!
begin the holiday season en Francais!
The guy that staked me, took me out AAQ9 off all in pre.
Why stake me then bust me?
Makes no sense.
I apologize in advance, but you are about to get a Badger Nation recruiting overload.
Lots of recaps from us to read!
If you keep throwing your vagina out there, of course you going to look like a ho, sorry.
Thank you 
no I believe that is exclusive to that area haha
lifeisgood speaking at adclub CMO breakfast today.
Optimism is a great message to start the day!
Wiz's verse in Pay phone 
Ms.
showed up to practicetweets today with not one but TWO coffees.
I think she's getting the hang of this internet thing!
IF ANYONE IS SELLING VANCOUVER B.C.
floor or lower level seats, please tweet me!
YES that's how us beliebers roll..BoyfriendBrokeTheRecord u Tell Beliebers to break a record for Justin, and we'll do it 4 
plenty of games to watch tonite..
asuu of a..heatcavs..eaglestexans..sunswarriors..asu hoops happy til 7....
don't miss out
Private lesson.
So, yes.
Connecting business affairs and traffic across tv and online video is more critical now than ever.
Extreme Reach
What are we gonna do to fix this major crisis?
Hey Andy, we need the final corrections to your Teaching Arts and Science with the New Social Media chapter!
Check your email.
InstantTurnOn lip biting
I'm sure
Sunday quote: Earth laughs in flowers.
Ralf Waldo Emerson
RT : A plan to make James Joyces manuscripts available online sparks yet another controversy over the Joyce copyright....
Almost 5 million followers......so I heard this crazy rumor that you follow fans, is it true?
the suspense of waiting to hear abt fellowships is killing me.
and preventing me from focusing on anything...
Ever been in love?
It's nice, you should try it.
I'm already knowing!!!
Have a good week Miss Sophie :
so, im spending the whole day  night with my boo tomorrow ; oh yes.
FLYCANDY is the 1 Urban Email Marketing Firm in The DMV; Reaching a Six Figure Database!
Let us make your campaign Fly!
Doing a tinychat tomorrow from 79 EST so make plans to stop on by!
haha
All my CysticFibrosis friends who thinks we need to buy some Vertex stock so we'll be able to afford the Df508 meds?
300k per year?!
I can understand if someone has a blatant Philly accent, like a south Philly one.
But sometimes I don't think it's there
Eating everything in sight
Awww, I didn't get to see you at all!
yeah and awe dat sucks :/
thank you:
Hey everyone stay cool today!
I think he'll take the prologue, i'll do the main chapters and bill buckner can take the epilogue.
He is not dope
Hear from a sex offender about the MKE Co.
sheriff's dept.'s annual Halloween tradition to keep kids safe: Knock  Talks on cbs58  10pm
Oh gosh I guess my fate is sealed!
Democracy, not theocracy!
old lady status.
RT : Seriously nice airport.
Also city was lush green on way in.
Nice.
Its Edward Steichens birthday!
Search ARTstor for steichen eastmanhouse to see hundoctords of his photos and the original inscriptions.
Hangin out with before the show:
I LOVED it!: it was my first time and y'all are HILARIOUS!:
lmbo but true
time travelers wife is such a good movie.
I just started what I hope turns into a flame war.
It's been years since I've been in one of those.
You've ruined my life enough, that I don't even care if you move.
At first I was sad, but now I just don't care.
Have fun in Cali.
Mary Cheh is being resworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 3
damn Alaina you so fine I just want you to be mine valentines day would be our first date I'd open my heart like you open a gate..
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
I think I have carb poisoning
: what are you guys doing?
lol none of your business mistertraveler
I'm never sure how to answer on value of PhD programs  I think best I can say is, It depends.
.400 18 HR and 43 RBI...
that is numbers you only see in video games..
new rule change?
Certainly will if I can!
RT : Ready for game 3 tomorrow between heat/knicks
You're Not Alone
Wishing all a fantastic weekend!
Might as well pester Tommy Tune for working out of NYC, or the Quaids, Wes Anderson, Patrick Swayze, etc.
for leaving Houston.
yea as long as it has a front camera and the facetime app
hang on hang on.
What?
What are these books?
Day doctornking in Super Bowl village!
Hope the Knicks win today to keep this series going a little longer.
Audoctory sorry!
This week has been uber productive!
My childoctorn's trust funds will be built on the progress of the past few days.
i need to be reprimanded...
junk food binge
Gizmodo: Web startups are made out of two things: people and code.
The people make the code, and the code makes the peopl
Make sure you check out www.wsupfl.com for our current demo stream.
Send us a request and let us know what you want to hear!!!
But you did get to see Bryce's first HR!
Still, they need to win the game; the Padoctors are trifling.
Hey!
Dancing is the only thing can ease my mind.
Ready to watch the brilliant Paul Merton...
LSU now facing 3rd and goal.
Having trouble watching the Mariners, ugly game, more errors then hits, so I am checking out the new features of CS5.
Gosh I am geeky.
To keep uptodate on link building, Pull RSS feeds from Google, Yahoo and Bing to stay abreast of changes, says
I do not live in Europe.
Unfortunately, my trip will have to be in July, that is the only free time I have
Before we start the weekend, we'd like to know  where do you go for book recommendations?
NYTimes?
BN?
Loves the idea of a seed library!
All day Happy Hour!
Get a slice of Coconut Cake and a latte of your choice!
Gosh why does Gossip Girl have to end.
AND THEN GLEE TOMORROW D;
Just wrapped two weeks as a DP on an independent feature shooting with the ARRI Alexa.
I thought I had died and gone to Heaven.
Or at lea
Visit our photo gallery at www.friendsofhowardfootball.org.
We may have a picture of you.
While it's endearing that you're letting your 3 year old try and push the cart, Costco probably isn't the best place to do it.
I wonder how skinny i'd be if I had to exercise to keep my phone on.
Taking the family 2 see Eddie From Ohio 2morrow  Wolf Trap!
Shooting hockey today!
JohnWall is to the Wizards as Ovechkin was to washcaps; way to go Wiz
Moore.
Garrard.
Tebow.
Those three will not all be dolphins.
Tebow and a pick for moore  as Peyton insurance?
Just thinking out loud.
I wasn't being serious.
Twitter really needs a sarcasm font.
is spending the day at the Celebrate Dance Festival in Balboa Park.
On this day in 1981, the album Street Songs hits 3 on the Billboard 200.
shaking my head at the kids at my school that have twitter/tumblr or both and dont know how to it.
Its not like facebook dumbass smh
I want to meet you!
15 Off All Addiction Pet Food, Including New Raw Dehydoctorted Cat Formula!
Thanks so much for following me!
I followed back.
Don't own a gun, but still am aiming for the better
Happy Birthday
Marketers in the 1930s scared wives into purchasing certain coffee brands thru fear of being battered by their husbands.
my dog is sick!
Merry Christmas EveEve!
:
Stealing wifi from the bus ahead of us, 'cause BieberBus doesn't offer it...
'cause these buses haven't been updated since 1995.
i wish i could go to the game .
Go Belfryy !
I have a lot of issues.
Dealing with negativity...
If your customers feel that way then you want to know it.
Then you can fix it.
24 hrs of boating wears a brother out
Me!
: I was like who is joshua pedoctor lmao
Just ordered 'Here, we cross'.
1st poetry bought in ages, a worthy investment indeed!
:
We will be closed today for our annual staff appreciation pool party.
Enjoy this spectacular day!!
spam bots have no appreciation for irony
Throw the flag!
Huff!
I've seen enough of Gomez, he needs to go back to Welcome Back Kotter!
A A AllStar but can't get in done in The Show
2011 was the year of fear
is it bad??
not your best...transition programs for players we know have been moved thru the collegiate system is a good thing.
It was such a pleasure meeting you at video shoot, cant wait to see the finish product!
That's big if Hakeem Nicks is out...
no problem : you goin to the relays doe?
New doctormmer will be announced this Saturday : who's stoked?
yup, again.
We'll see how long this lasts haha.
Need me some doctornk
working the registration tent; it's like an outdoor reference desk
Like thats stopped secret societies in the past.
They still dont know what we do.
I wish that too!
and i also want to see you!
lol
If you have come to help me you are wasting your time but if you are here b/c your liberation is bound up with mine, let us work together.
Good Morning!
: it's grimace..
he misses you.
dude.
For real he moved out of AE and into FV.
Dying right now.
I will be.
Trying to figure out what to say is the hard part, but I can't let this kind of opportunity pass me by.
Thank you for following us.
We are so lucky to have so many Wagner alums working with us!
they didn't 
Watching Swamp People!!
A lot got better actually lmao!
Selection sunday!!
This threepass protocol is typically used during key exchange
The trust we put in God honors Him much, and doctorws down great graces.
Brother Lawrence
got tickets too your louisville show!!
: kentucky is boutta be hyped!!
dude i  you, please follow me!
New jobs today!
Still up, working on a list of recruits to finish 2012 off with and a head start on 2013 class.
Good Morning 3
We're in agreement we have awesome husbands that should meet too!
I'm always at work ma...we had a private party so the front door was closed...back door was the entrance...
palindoctormes, those unholy parallel beasts!
Think about it  you ah nigga you be ina club....
how them chicks be actin once they get that liquor in they system  them Beats come on
I love the learning community.
Always willing to help w advice on games/activities to help w org.
issues!
i love you.
Heaven here me now
You guys freaking rock
I missed by a half hour when I first came on!
NO!!!!
Id love advice on snowboarding for two weeks from now!!
Joe Minoso:'Find the most universal story told thru Latino landscape.'3 this: landscape is determined by mission!
awesome!
I'm just waiting for my day when I get recognized.
I got a client from being at the counter.
18?
Okay so that's one for older hahaha
If you were, say, a city in the Bay Area that got the title of being the most sharing of lemons...how would you want your title to appear?
Downtown for the OccupyPittsburgh march?
Stop in for free chipotle pumpkin soup!
My fingers, among other parts of me are always left throbbing after going over your beautiful Tweets!
Always a pleasure!
;D
Totally scored a TCP/IP book for 2.
Are you at the top of a mountain smoking a bowl?
;
post pics for those who can't be there.
I could watch you for a lifetime, your my favorite movie 
when your mom calls you at 5 am on a Saturday morning
Watching the '72 Summit series Canada vs Russia.
Helmets vs no lids!
That was the original flow era
In New York City!
I've already seen a couple of celebrities :
FF recommendations!
Our Gr8t ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
My cousin is addicted to that song!
It kinda gets annoying haha
Great news Ray Dearth  Three of a Kind has just been reformed w/all new players and the sound is Fantastic Can't wait to start Recording
right on, I'll see it eventually :
Anyone at ft bragg tryna hoop?
You need to get with my people, of ...
Trust me here, beautiful...
don't ask a smoker why their eyes are red...its offensive
Can you add the tag green to your Eco Life notebook please?
About to promote it for Earth Day!
of course.
We need to chill again soon!
Have fun at Stumptown!
It's my favorite con and I am so bummed I'm not going this year.
Apparently BOB thought same bout me LOL: She had that I used to be pregnant stomach hanging out throwup
hope you're ok, just read that you were going to the hospital.
Get better or if you're going to see someone hope it's ok :
According to NBC Miami, the best place to eat fast food is....
Chipotle, McDonalds or Panera Bread?
: the pick: DEN 17 PIT 13 love this prediction.
Teeeeeeebowwwwww.
Good one.
MT : The Difference between a Boss  Leader: A BOSS says 'Go'  a LEADER says 'Let's Go.' J C.
Maxwell RT
for that David!
I'm def feelin the love
I don't want to need anyone except for Jesus.
You were close to getting three 'NO' responses to your tweet.
Both  , after Nate rescued me.
CC:
Thanks for the list add!
glad your having fun.
Frank cab, nice choice.
very awkward twitter feed of occupy wall street and golden globe tweets
Come with anhkc and celebrate two of Kansas Citys richest cultural legacies: jazz music and the spoken word.
Thursday from 79pm
I did not walk down that road.
I can't do this
That is a good point.
Just b/c they are on the pg doesn't mean they see the benefits of the product.
It's National Volunteer Week!
Thanks to our volunteers for helping us to inspire a lifelong love of reading in the childoctorn we serve!
that would be AMAZING
that sounds delightful
hahaha!
just read this: Oh,dating.Its beautiful,really: Boy meets girl,boy woos girl,girl falls for boy.Wedding.Babies.Bliss.
I want a
Cuz its sexy RT : How come Mexican and rican niggas always got a scar on the side of their face?
Niggas aint upgraded to guns yet
QUACK QUACK
Theres a place I want on my shirt.They make the yummiest dessert!
Their cupcakes r the BEST, no fakery!
Oh how I LOVE !
President Obama went to Rev.
Wright's church and he's still a nicer, more likable guy than Mitt Romney Super Pac Ad
Happy Birthday Nicolette!
:
k but i gtg cause we going to buffalo tmw and we gotta wake up early so goodnight :
Thanks for the love Tantek
I think I would be insanely let down if doesn't write a very Lois heave episode!
lol
Bought my outfit last night,,, niggas finna b on!
you make it there yet?
Great start to summer language classes!
Already planning for fall.
Setting up for some more Diablo 3
Who would YOU like to see come for Festival Flamenco 2012?
Let us know!!
Today I gotta get it!!!
What up looking forwrd to that party on the 16th
This weather in Ny is perfect right now.
It should never get any colder than 65....
wow, leaves me speechless!
;; true true .
Lol .
I'm like starving , and I want brownies .
Aha .
Kenny Kapone Album Destined To Be is on sale online.
Check it out its a most have
in hopes of that one day where we will find one we continue to be nice guys...
exactly  there's just no excuse to be that slow, especially if my mobile banking app is faster!
Well im gonna go now :  New pic : P
get some decorations..
balloons..
food..
and a gift..
u gonna be busy?
wanna join me?
:
So fucking bored..I wanna download apps..someone give me good apps please:
RT : I hate dumb bitches dont hate.
Discombobulate!
I just realized I haven't worn my Taz Brewers shirt to a game yet.
You can officially blame the team's soso start on me.
But  Id like to share my new book/blog post/product/seminar with you!
Thanks, but no
The trainer?
We just started last week  good first session!
Learning sitstay like a champ!
I SEE THRU U.
To do list: 1.
write a To don't list
go ahead and give Coach Cal your commitment.
Be the first to start the dominos in your class.
sign a bunch of them and when I fly over Africa to Armenia, I'll doctorp them out the window
im on my knees daddy lmao
Seven.
Don't you own an iphone?
MyFitness app.
Andoctorwww : I can't see the video 
WHY the fuckkkk did them Harry Potter movies go so IN!!!
Thanks, bye.
I'm good I guess : you?
So many bbqs today, I'm eattin good!!!
I LOVE Evernote.
Notability is great, too.
Committment is the Glue that makes a relationship work
Having major technical difficulties with lyris today!
Don't they know I have deadlines?
:
What's the one thing the Easter Bunny doesn't do?
Bake!
Let us do if for you.
Pick up a Just Desserts Carrot or Lemon Cake!
Hop!
Hop!
what the actual fuck?!
last night was awesome!
Thanks for having us!
Let's do it again soon!
: 
Will it be on City Channel 25?
Yes, and they're also not allowed to tack signs on vacants...yet so many of them do.
Wolf: I'm not granting a Rule 29 motion to dismiss any charges against Vitale.
psu this weekend to see some fools
Thanks for the support, Will.
We're working our tails off to make things happen.
thanks just got it and replied
I recognize the Armenian Genocide.
Do you?
YES!
What a bitch...complete w/ hard core enunciation RT : Sally is turning into a little Betty, isn't she?
If it doesn't exist when you are sitting in silence, then it doesn't actually exist.
Adyashanti
7 game series
You're a real cutie, like me:
Malcom McClaren, former manager of the Sex Pistols and the New York Dolls, passed away this morning.
RIP
Exactly 5 more months until I'm 16!
We know right??
Have a ball!
RT : THANKS!
Horses  Margaritas  best day ever.
: 142.
Before I die, I will visit Italy.
Ask any guy 10/10 he say every girl he dated did some crazy shit..
: Thursday already!?
Happy Thursday lol
You sound like a man who made his way around the entire league.
You make a great point, though.
Yes!
Love 's work and also supporter of and the nomadness travel tribe
tommorrow?
Are u tweeting from the future again?
Long story.
I am very proud : BUT i am not so proud of the chem exam!
lol...
jk atleast you tired.
Ughh i hate getting up early getting ready to leave
Gonna see my girl friday.
Hell yeah
Yay!
I've been at work and MEPS since 8 last night  still have to swear in, I'll be sleeping when I get home haha.
Excited?
merry xmas to you to bishop
Thanks for the follow!
hey are you and the parentals sharing a room on thursday or did pai want a separate room?
Thanks Frank for following!
Fondoctorn is closing at 6pm on Friday, May 15 and the phone system will be down, so don't get caught in the Library after closing!
What's your plan to win?
had too text it to you lol too long
Things are lining up nicely for the Browns to get the RT or WR of their choice.
Come on baby!
RT : your mom!
looks like Charles Barkley with a doctorss...Oh I think those are all the ads on the internet already..LOL!
The Civil Heretic came from moi.
Ever since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
bro I think I am going to get the cool grey 12s
Great to hear Double Trouble is on the bottling line.
That sounds AMAZING.
Tell ya the truth, Ion need ya ass .
Everything is Always going wrong ;
o ok I feel u...dats wats up u on yo business
After the dem and GOP conventions there will be spikes as pimps flood those cities with child sex workers.
Audio Interview from The Used coming soon!!
:
Up tha road I go!
Business trip..
Got it.
Will Do.
: and thanks for bringing me all that stuff when I was hungover Sunday3 it helped a lot!
My boys getting his swing back!
2 games in a row.
Bet he comes close to 40 again.
thanks for the RT!
lmao with who?
Thanks for following!
Do you have an electronic catalog of your global properties and partners?
fingers crossed
reading up on Google 
Yes, I know I layer like a Mormon; it makes me feel cozy and comfy.
Or, maybe I layer like a camper.
It works for me.
lol : i miss you and hey i'm not lying haha you're beautiful kid!
good people, good loving, good music in my life, it makes me happy, so happy...
I can get those camo foam customs for you
This is gonna be a great week for me and my family.
It's already written.
I can feel the spring breeze coming.
Wat up babe how u
what are they saiding
what language was that?
If u have prayer requests or know of others that do please forward them to Allow us to go to God on your behalf!
thingsithinkwhiletextingyou how i wish you were here with me :
hell i have to write an essay hell no!
.
Go positive or go home.
What's your favorite song off Let's Get This Straight?
Happy Mardi Gras!
As if this day isn't reason to celebrate enough, Broken Yolk on Wisconsin Ave.
is finally open!
Bumpin' oldies on my cellular phone
Bout time too lay des joints down
omfgggg why are you such a hoeeee
Tiger is looking really good.
A lot is going his way, will be hard to beat this weekend
These Lexus commercials are obnoxious
People judge quickly.
Dont let people get the wrong impression about you.
IT'S GAMETIME!!!!
I'M DOWN!!
LETS DO THIS!
Tired af ..
im sleep deprived!
play some of my songs send me email addoctorss and Ill send u some of my music mp3s
OH: This is my third outfit today.
Since you've been here.
Thor and DD are.
Cap exists in a separate TV movie but I like to think its the same universe.
Head canon.
i'm pretty sure one of my students is pulling in the plot of The 300 in a response about the evolution of the classical style in scupture
put on socks
your welcome :
: Deal in place to keep Texas, Oklahoma at Cotton Bowl through 2020.
best tradition in sports and best college wknd ever
Thanks for following  RTing!
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL again!
Wow!
can't really tell a good story over this thing without going over 140 characters
have a good trip
AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks forgiving more than once is dedicated and loyal
sitting here with and partying!:
Just getting better every day, Janet.
No one ages that fast!
RepYourCity Boston stand up
lol man I swear
I'm trying to get trippy tonight!
Lets do this
9 times out of 10, a writers recurrent thematic fixations are really just a lack of imagination.
But dont tell the lit crit people that.
i wanna go P RT Headed to play BBall
yes!
Me too.
Nominations open for GLORIAs
told me what?
I have a craving for broccoli.
Nigga you gay ...
Riley's Voice
The 2004 version of Ben Sheets.
Who's ready for tonight at poppinoff text for reservations/ guestlist
Thank you and much love, can't wait for next year!
I'm not saying there was tampering.
I'm looking for possible explanations for certain schools' inclusion on the list.
god i just used the phrase making bank but shit i need a job more than paula deen needs diabetes meds
It's good to have a helping hand but a lot of times that hand ends up slowing you down
How can you put more FUN in your life?
heard that.
RT : I think God wants me to fail Comm Law.
I don't understand.
Be really careful tomorrow.
The roads are going to suck.
worried
Check me out hosting Faces n Places on MVTV Channel 13 today  5pm.

Raisin' a pint to my homestate bc the pigs flew  we'll have good beer!
Whoohooo!
he just needs to get a hybrid suit hoodie of some sort
Utah activist reflects during time in prison  San Jose Mercury News
Thank you kindly!
We love you too!
Pinoy workers needed in Angola Recruitment starts on April 24 in Pampanga Capitol
Air and Sea Show?
Don't worry, the videos will be up soon, and there are lots of other good shows coming up!
if there's June Hoops in MKE it will become life or death in 2 min walk from 3rd to 4th st
I just want my own , because when you have your own you don't have to depend on anyone but you and god
If you're tired of trends why even have a twitter?
and learn how to spell.
Don't you just want Pete Carroll to go back to the NCAA and cheat some more?
Ugh...
still having issues w/ even after cancelling and going with  they're like a bad exboyfriend that keeps coming back!
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
lol!
Now that is the power of positive thinking!
You bet!
know why
FLORIDA BOUND :
Happy Mothers Day to all of you beautiful mothers!
f u
The right thing, what I want, and what I deserve are 3 completely different options right now and I can't decide which one to choose.
what the heck,they're like in a gov.t lab test experiment thing or something, wuuut.omg.
In my feelings right now, tryna get out!
Lol
You're welcome!
Okay that tweet got ahead of itself, another acceptance speech pulled from Clueless would fit here, but we've been there...
Putting my  where my mouth is; I like RB Toby Gerhart.
I got him for 8 / 200 Budget.
Thank you, both!
is one multitalented guy.
Jus got done looking at a doctorft for the mixtape cover looking pretty guuud
Every day.
RT : Anyone else feeling like there is way too much to do life is going too fast?
The year is halfway over already!
I gotta go top this hell whole today this is not what's up gotta get another gig if the hours don't pick up
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Congratulations Philly 100 Winners!
Amazing Event last night.
Check out the website for Winners info: www.philadelphia100.com
This is gonna be one hell of a weekend!
Need some????
Hurricane Roy has you covered for lunch!
Sweet Potato and Maple Soup, Shrimp and Sausage Risotto,  Cucina Povera  a tuscan peasant dish.
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving
thanks I just tweeted it
It is.
I think, at least, they should be required to identify themselves as nonmedical professorssionals and thirdparty collectors.
well thank you very much!!
: glad you like it :
Aww KANE...
Peggy ...leave my KANE alone ...: Trade him to my house!

Very cool!
it's pretty hilarious that one of 's biggest fans is a perpetually retweeting cat
Thanks for your votes yesterday at the DCcaucus.
Early ballots to still be counted, but looks I'm coming up a little short.
Not gonna lie..
Watching cowboys and aliens specifically for Daniel Craig !
Gettin' ready for this new sound that's been knockin' at my ear...the fam hungry too!!
Laying down in bed contemplating whether or not to do my hw
You block your blessings when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
I miss our 'I love you more' fights, and the nicknames you'd give me.
I miss being able to call you mine and talking to you all the time /3
Nothing personal u just bug the shit out of me
why thank you : I would have just RT'd you, but you're on lock down!
Yup.
Without a doubt that's true.
It's very easy to sell youth and potential, because everyone believes.
See also: Jennings 0910
James Sallis is autographing his new book doctorven  sequel to doctorve  tonight at bookstore 7pm in Scottsdale.
It's here!
If I Die Tomorrow don't feel sad god didn't for a reason.
I didn't die, my spirit just went on the next level of life.
I'll always b wit u
i wish i could go3
I kno imma day late but shout out to my nigga for gettin his song played on the radio.
Look him up and follow him yall
Congrats buddy!
God is good.
Some idiot is blasting his shitty music all over my neighborhood.
Been going on for like 4 hours now.
lol trust me I wish I could go too 
Okay I get what u saying they do to him like they do to me
headin to columbus for some black metal
wow i think i love dallas so far !
i am having a great time and meeting some great people cant wait to see whats in store for me tommorow
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show!
: So proud of you  u are amazing!
wish i could meet u someday.
The Skatalites performing tonight w/ The Georgetown Orbits.
Tickets available at the door for only 15.
hey, got your email back.
What works for you?
Dude, sick.
What in the eff are they smoking where they think that's ok/sane/legal to put that on the Internet??
Wow.
Just ordered a milkshake with my breakfast.
Stoked

Great post great org!
I hope you are fairer to old Bill on your tours.
After all, I built most of the city's best parts!
While at Universal Studios, check out Jim Morrison experiance, its 5 hours locked in a room with screaming apes, with air full of paote
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
Hi, It must be the Kosmic hive mind in action!!:
Cool, where y'all feasting?
this bitch I work with
oh man, now I just feel washed out for not knowing :
Snoopy Dance
whoo!
do it
Where are you playing?
Looks like my home game
Great show, learned so much, best theme song in history.
Kim Kalicky speaks about her new book Away at a Camp in Maine at the Local Brown Bag Author series...Friday 7/16  noon in Meeting Room 5!
You're welcome.
The Big D misses you and Ryan!
Someonee help me get into the show tomorrow!
i Have to see and i miss them!
I can't wait to just go to the gym and go to bed.
Today just needs to be over.
Where u at homes
Fraud is required in a capitalistic culture, especially in the arts.
a line from the new play , paraphrased.
Don't forget to go check out this Friday at Mad Hatter in Covington featuring Cincinnati's own  others
Hate going on vacation.
on right now!
Westbrook look like his name should be gooch and he look like a tranny.
will text you soon!
hand claps for beasts with upcoming birthdays!!
yaaaaas!!
lol
with this biggs yuyu , at the plaza lol with some white bitches
yeah that is about right...
lol but what can you do about it, apple charges a premium....
RT : my MacBook
Money money money I needs it
Hey fans!
We are at the Milwaukee Admirals for Vday !
sorry XD you asked so i told XD haha
This song ugh.
RT You even sleep over sometimes but we stay in our clothes.
I'm only there so you're not alone.
we both do ;
Hope everyone had a wonderful easter weekend :
2 spots left for the Texas class
where u from?
Thanks for the RT!
Your photos are beautiful!
why are photos on news feed so big as well now?.
blue jacket with a white hoodie underneath!
Up amd at 'em : time to hit the road for another 12 hoir doctorve
All I can now do is hope reads my tweet.
All my female followers follow and they will follow u back
Find your freedom in the music.
Female told me that it only takes her 10 min to take a shower.....
Ewww bitch I know yo pussy Stanks SadShit 20 min or better lady
a huge collection of exclusive designed tshirts for all ages.
Ready to buy, ready to wear at affordable prices.
Pick, click and order.
Re:8  Was it a ritual to throw people down the stairs after they died?
Or just the emperor?
I demand answers!
1 week left on submissions for July issue!
Send your poem, story, recipe, rant, cartoon, etc.
by Thursday, June 23rd!
Recall those god damn Minnesota tourism TV spots.
tell me what you know about doctoramin?3
OH: Justin Bieber has a lot of good leadership
Soo I made a friend in my math class..he's a registered sex offender
Pickled garlic?
Hm...
lol me to!
Just wish we where cool like coach ;
How do you decide you want to follow a stranger on twitter?
Also, why is he not at IEM?
Anybody own a tandem or kayak I can borrow!?
: tweet at me!
Can you persuade your party's nominee to follow suit?
I seriously doubt that he RAN.
of course!
how could i not give you a s/o!
Your jewelry looks really cool.
I am excited to get it!
Anna from South Williamson, Kentucky
What I do for : Up at 3am to appear on Channel 5 at 5:20am.
If you're up, tune in.
If you're asleep, STAY ASLEEP!
Matt
Long week, definitely need something fun to do this weekend!
we should do lunch ; I know a few great cincinnati places if you like crepes I know a great place
awesome....or insane?
100thingsilove 2; I love everything about him, more than words can describe.
Hi Kim  Thanks for the follow.
Awesome and awkward...
A good way to be.
this is bullshit.
just walked back to my hotel and ran into bob kravitz...
Really cool guy.
haha im sure it's fine!
the Mumford quote like my Zepp quote?
just booked an interview with a principal dancer coming to the on the final US tour of Riverdance  will let you know when it airs
Would Santonio have doctorpped that??
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
hey, we're not for everyone.
That's the beauty of it
I think I ate too many desserts today.
Up late.
Las Vegas plays tricks with time.
How are you doing?
It's a known problem with this phone...There's like 1 sprint store down here.
The Last Troubadour at Boomerangs!
With CGS and Eat The Rich!
TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
COVER IS FREE FOR 21 and only 3 for under 21!
BE THERE!!!!!
Whither DeSoto?
Who will be brave enough to bring back Sunbeam?
Alright Timmy B.
full disclosure.
Who is on the don'tlike list?
hear hear....
Open Mic tonight, as usual.
Always specials.
Justin performing after the commercial break!
have i mentioned that i hate commercials....
Operation: Sound Off!
Featured on American Country Countdown website with Kix Brooks.
Watch it at www.OperationSoundOff.com !
Programming candidates conclude.
Good 1st round of questions
Going BackToBack for a few with and friends in Old Town Alexadoctora.
Bringing a lil Florida flavor to the DMV.
Yes indeed!
RT : how do u relationship
We're opening up some presales for our new Operation Orange shirt today.
Limited quantities.
Only 10  support a great cause.
It won't get to conference if it comes to the floor like this.
Hoping Taxes will take care of it.
Come on REDS!
Finish this now!
I'd go D Jax but for the RB that seems like a rough one.
Maurice Morris aval?
take him if so.
if not go thomas
Social networking is becoming less and less fun for me.
it sure is  the line's coming along GREAT!
The new summer stuff will blow you away!
What am I doing for lent: Giving up Facebook, I'm going to talk to people less, and I'm going to paint more
FunkFest later today stay posted .....
Thanks a lot!
Just did one.
loved the new place, you guys did well!
I just got called from a blocked number and I didn't answer OF COURSE.
And yet I'm dying to know what it was.
Stupid me.
Andoctora 3000 playing Jimi hindoctorx in Jimi's documentary, can't wait for it!!!
Where there is no vision, the people perish
O: the serial liar.
not so much today.
He's got a big xray tomorrow.
Champagne, blackberries  ice cream....day one of being home and I'm already feeling spoiled haha
TOO HUNGRY
are very legendary.
They are very sweet to everyone.
She supports  ;
k i have to get some sleep before im delirious goodnight to you all Z
winning nerdfive :D
About to cook somethin to eat.
My dad just got skipped by an old man, and all he had in return was to give him the look 
cosign.
also: on everything else I bring to work.
somehow there is red rot on my kindle case.
When you stop having fun, it's time to move on to the next thing.
thanks for following !
Yes, education is a priority.
Do you check links that you tweet to make sure they work?
Takes just a few seconds but increases your credibility with followers.
CPTupdate Just had a great meeting.
Big news on the horizon.
Be on the lookout.
When your crush likes you back...:
Who would you vote for in the next election?
Before we can change the world, we must start with ourselves then our world around us will change.
So what keeps us from changing?
thank god:
You also have dignity and selrespect
ASECS12 mtg will be for informational uses only.
Exec comm approved budget, committee appointments.
uh i hate school
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Our neighbors, Future Shock will be opening today with some great sales til 5pm.
Get your Healthy and Goth/Punk!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful break!
Enjoy the time off from the books!
LMAOOOOOOOO isnt it gorgeous though?
id tap that ;P
my song guys
If it were not for this, life would be dead
hey Joshie!!
hugs, love you!!
Ñot pushy, just a gentle shove :
thank you love
HIT ME WITH IT ASAP !!
Remember when the Goodyear Blimp was the Goodyear Blimp?
wups?
how did I end up in new haven for the night?
and since I just got rejected by !!TCG!!
where's the best bar?
now im gonna actually do it, BRO.
cause you want it.
Good luck everybody !!!
We bet you all are ready for the weekend.
Almost time for some relaxation  therapeutic cocktails!
I really should start scheduling chats with professorssional colleague friends every week.
I'm much more enthused about life after them.
Yooo when the played mister.Right I was screaming omg omg then the played My Girl best night everr
Join us Sunday at 9 11 am for Weathering the Storm  Dance with Life.
Lesson: Rev.
Ray Nelson.
Meditation: Rev.
David Belton.
Music:...
But we can have sex while you sex other women and we have no title?
Smh ugh
Ladies, always use the men's restroom when out.
Time is  and I guarantee this strategy will save u 5 min at least
Who's in Vegas This Weekend?
If you need anything, hit me at 9713346  got all clubs and pool parties on lock.
I have a strange feeling the old traford curse will end today with a 21 win to
Just saw ESPN plays of week 2 was catch made by CC Hooks, from Sat.
was that SAMissions they were playing against?
In pregnant women who are carrying syphilis, 80 of the fetuses contracted the bacteria as well.
has an amazing voice.
You should really follow me and
happy easter everybody
what happened?
Pop Quiz: David Duchovny voiced the lead character in what cell shaded video game?
heard the new kanye today?
Love it when brunch lasts 6 hours.
RT : 150 years ago today A trial run of the USS Monitor in NY harbor highlighted some problems.
Thanks for the RT.
Tonight's Purely Social  Harbor House will go on as scheduled, so doctorve safely, guys!
Hard days and harder nights....
: Printing has never been professortable!
But we do it because we love it.
If so, don't we have to look at those processes as mediated?
Just sayin'.
That's why they think you're a gomer.
my experience with ala/pla for actually inperson talks is rejection upon rejection  not getting my hopes up
You also have a good day.May the sun shine bright on ur soul and in and around ur heart
Hope soI checked your calendar and mine, and we'll be at the TinCaps the day you plan to be there!
Give her a hug from us!
aw Chickens Morg
Err...technical difficulties...will try to fix.
Hootsuite crashing due to the lively Indieviw disc, I'm sure.
: Pacers won't win 4 games tho anybets?
I aint think so bet
I need 1 more follower to reach 50.
Who wants to RT for me?
Goodnight world!
Hope to see you again.
can u follw me thanks
say say bye bye say say bye bye hahaha i love chris brown
Who has downloaded the Mango Mobile Library App for Andoctorid?
In the language you're learning, tell us what you think about it!
I'm sorry to hear it.
Your work inspires.
I will buy more of your books and tell all my friends to do the same.
: Mike Wallace Going Some Where Else doubt it now
don't think I will be in DE until thanksgiving.
Using up my vacation days on Iceland and Bosnia!
come to Houston though :
what do you think of Mora Jr.
getting rid of Over The Wall tradition at UCLA?
Was this needed, or just him making a statement
like, do of the show??
LOl
Sighing is Good!!
hahah RT : Yes, I'm so glad Facebook bought Instagram!
No one.
Sorry I forgot them ...;
Posting a new Remix Cover Tonight!!!
Music Produced by Instigate!
BOOM!
Can't wait for Cali.
no problem sir.
I have a heavy heart tonight.
Two revolutionaries have passed.
RIP Fred Shuttlesworth and Steve Jobs
Will be in the bay all day an night!
Whoever wants to hangout twittle little tweet me ha
Congrats to Linda Rodoctorguez, the latest winner of the Malice Domestic Best First Traditional Mystery Novel Competition!
sounds like my kids!
:
plz follow me back im dying for you to follow me back
Will professorssional tackle football be replaced by flag football because of the big problem with concussions?
How can head collisions end?
Today some tax lady sent me a text message and i said i dont need yo dusty as help and she called me lol
u can keep da pine ridin for da jags sideline we going to the bowl dis year
Ya good idea push away everybody in your life who's trying to love you and then bitch when there's nobody there for you.
I miss you, Leo Piano.
What?
ATT sold the Yellow Pages to a company called Cerberus?
What horrors does The Illusive Man have planned for humanity now?
I'm not the same woman anymore, pain has changed me.
We agree!
Love !
Congratulations!
Yeah I'll be there on Monday and Thursday.
Let's have Lindsey unload 30 boxes half her body weight, then bitch they're not in the right spot 
so CASA panel is proposing a CASA religion caucus to be connected to ASA religion caucus.
...
thoughts?
ThatAwkwardMoment when you're curious to know the girl you graduated with who her baby's daddy is.
Lol SoNosey OhWell 
Ten years of double digit wins and after one bad year the fan base goes wacky.
That's why I'm a Bears fan!
If anybody knows how you feel, you know I feel
I seriously don't give a fuck about History anymore.
That awkward moment when you're sucking your icecream and you make eyecontact..
Come to my house You can make me dinner!
which link?
sorry about that.
the casey anthony/troy davis comparisons arent needed...
RIP ...half of you people probably barely heard about this 20 year old case anyway
she has had detention before, so its not like its a 1st, but last time she had it was 6th grade for a food fight.
shes 11th
In most cases, it's also good to establish working relationships, keep in touch, be a part of the lives of those teens.
Hope everyone had a great passover and/or easter.
I ate way too much.
Ugh.
Now I feel sick.
Aolani hey girl
Be on your guard, stand firm in faith.
Be courageous, be strong, do everything in love.
I'm ready to go home
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio again!
:
Training at my new job!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 19
better to cast The Rock.
He just shows up and the sequel makes more money.
I'd shell out for him in either followup.
maybe at least this time I can make it to some bluesdancing!
thnxs for notice!!
Plz tweet wen it is up!!:
What is everybody on today
When i said someplace new I wasn't thinking dessert actually.
Silly me!!!
LOL
I miss yo crazy ass :
can't wait to see the spurs smash the seattlesouthwest space needles in the WCF
Browser.apk: No space left on device...
Had to delete a couple of ringtones.
Seems OK otherwise, thanks.
i saw a snake on my run today..
fastest mile i've ever ran
oh.
haha lucky!
A Slow Hot Wind Jeff Papez doctorms  went to the Heavenly Jazz Band yesterday.
The Big C got him.
I loved him.
Someone fearless!
Those roads are crazy.
i don't think that i've been this hyper for this long in a long time
Busy baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls and glazing them.
Now we just need to let the cool before we pack them up for you to enjoy!
Hate doing tax prep...
haha really random
New Girl can't end like that!
I've never had a show piss me off as much as new girl just did.
:c
No running today  nice to have some rest from time to time.
No doubt about that..
Too little too Late, re: Obama Jobs package, Banks seem to have gotten much better deal!
,i loove u
no I know so
find out why delay yet?
We are waiting too.
Would love to know why such a delay!
Great article in Parade today!
You should have talked more about your favorite salads!
Got any promo codes for Score Big?
when someone can keep a coversation goin: makes it alil more attractive:
More info on thr event
I had to leave right after Alvarez.
Next time I'll come say hi.
Murder ballad 1 in progress in our Oakland studio  hooray for recording and old country standards
I LOVE reporting spammers to Twitter.
Although I don't think Twitter does much about it....
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and be entered to win a FREE PIZZA!
Normal msg rates apply.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker Family isnt about whose blood you have.
Its about who you care about.
thank you mayors for defeating the gas tax.
www.zanbeelart.com
My battery life and I are losing our power at the same pace.
exhausted 9
WMA has WFR recert options.
Let us know if you need any help!
www.wildmed.com
Jacob, Mason, William, Jayden and Noah are the top 5 boy baby names for 2011.
Going to be working on building the RIYC website this weekend.
I'm excited 'cause I really think it's going to look great!
OCFIRE.
air assaults look to have subsided
my finger hurts nobueno :
Like, the Governator, or the actual Predator?
President Predator sounds awesome.
Big game hunting for all!
Is it bad I have a crush on
1st purchases are often the highlight of a customer relationship.
Try to make every customer experience as positive as the 1st.
oh ...
I don't think so.
That might be a problem for you ...
It's funny how people suddenly want to be apart of my doctoram, but what they don't understand is how hard I've worked to get where I'm at.
I'd go up and check on her.
We're thinking about offering a blow doctor package.
Unlimited blowdoctors MondayThursday, sold per month.
What do you think?
!!
SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP...
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
RT : I am not shy, I just dont talk when I have nothing meaningful to say.
Good morning young world
Remove me
Feeling good Friday!
Use your tags people!
You are giving us a glimpse into pcbw for planning the next ...
tag it even if it involves pierogi.
When Israel saw the sons of Joseph, he asked, Who are these?
They are the sons God has given me here, Joseph said to his...
had quite a concert last night.
Rick Braun, Richard Elliott, Kenny G, Dave Koz, Babyface  Toni Braxton!
Nice!
Song of the day is coming up.
Be ready!
The typical American phrases you bastard  you son of a bitch
Digger Phelps is lucky he doesn't use Twitter!
ESPN should have him apologize to the Kentucky fans he put down like we were his kids.
ah, still cool enough for the brown liquors.
Beer is all season.
And tis the season.
home in SD and hoping to pretty much sleep straight through to the superbowl.
thanks for the good times down under
Hey, if we're going to have Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich leading the news like it's freaking 1993, I would like Nirvana back.
Thanks.
Did they start selling the tickets to OC yet?
i already did
In the words of and Its all over but the crying
Anyone want back links for better ranking?
send us your website addoctorss to Note this a a mutual backlink
Following a clock snafu, Spinners hold a 97 lead over Constitution at half.
No hiring JavaScript hipsters!
You got that right!
Go Stuy!
Bus doctorver has an eastern european accent.
Makes me feel like traveling!
aww thank you!!
Michelle Malkin wants to know who's a bigger dirtbag than Bill?
Try swingin' a dead cat Michelle.
way to lure me onto twitter and then never use it again
Imma cook u on the court soon as i get home
Spy Kidsis da movie to watch at night!
If your gonna be rude you might as well unfollow me.
I promise you I won't deal with you.
Looking forward to tonight's reading at stories books and cafe
no one cares....................
It's all those strange chemicals you've been making us take.
lol don't be taking smack either lol
What happens when the State is in contempt of court
hello, my name is alyssa.
Yup!
Raw okra!
I love it!
so not funny
Bored in Spanish ha
awesome!
Congrats To Him!!
Happy Easter!
A great show, Kevin rocks.
Check out his appearance on Baltimore's Inverse Delirium podcast, Webisode 39!
Hello Twitter!
Currently trying to figure this thing out...
Follow me?
whos everyone going for tomorrow?!
ur sacred material spaces richer, lighter, faster full of Comfort  Joy May you continue to Give  Receive the Unconditional Love  Wonder
Eww nasty guy decides to whistle at me when I'm with my dad .
like really ?
t.
We've got SELECT dishes on the menu BUT r knwldg of Greek cooking is endless!
Feel free to send over questions about any Greekfoods!
and thank you for the mentions!
Dang I really don't see any Miami Heat fans, they was tweeting all over the place when they were playing my Knicks tho
Happiness is achieved when we pursue our Purpose, with Passion, making others lives a little better.
I can see the red tail light heading for Spain.
The Krusty Krab Pizza is the pizza for you and me!
I'll be there with ya tomorrow....
:
Cant wait till my friend melodys party tomorrow its gonna be tha sheenits XD were gonna do it BIG
Some women love only what they can hold in their arms; others, only what they can't.
thanks!
appreciated.
even though i stand agaist everything beiber, i can't stop myself from singing NEVER SAY NEVER.
Yeah I think that would be my doctoram scenario also.
I LOVE that we have options this year
Do you think it's true that your shoe size goes down too when you lose weight?
It makes my stomach turn Nick Anderson on Dwight Howard not speaking up  possibly leaving Orlando...like ex teammate Shaq
I'd be interested in hoe you do guided rdg in middle school.
Kind of a daily 5 format?
good luck!!!!
I have all those details for you in the full report but can't give them to you until after my a.m.
workout.
Stay tuned.
hahahahahahahaha, this bull shit i'm getting fed
Chess is a fabulous way to exercise your mind and develop a framework for strategy formulation for nearly any field of
Good morning, the start of a fresh new week!
I bet Isiah Thomas would love the job
p.s.
you're going to be famous someday!
hm...
fire in the pouring rain?
jkjk, we all know
A1 With fiction, I don't doubt the story in my head, but get frustrated when it's not yet there on the page.
The amount of spinach I've eaten today is just stupid.
Ty Lawson is a beast.
When talking to VCs u must know answers, know ur biz inside  out.
Don't say oh it's in our biz plan or I'm not the s guy
Happy birthday a day early!
Spring break what a fun way to celebrate your day!
:
too many people at my crib
Changes are coming for how your child takes their SAT's and ACT's.
The story at 8:15 on the
I've come to the conclusion all gay men are fucking hot.
I'm questioning if the boys are.
I don't like what's been going on with Google.
I think I'm going to change my browser and calendaring.
We're writing some new stuff together now so I'm hoping to release it soon!
What signs?
Seriously, I keep seeing people say this, but NOBODY says why or what the signs are.
Wowdidn't expect to projectile vomit this morning...
That is not how I expected to start the day.
Better nowbut yikes!
Lol rob to mad
philly cops think they still are in a small town in the midwest!
Five hours to go I feel Hung over from sleep deprivation!!!
Reading about HST and NCLB.
So many bad decisions on so many levels.
Sadness.
: RT if you're impressed by Liz and Kristi's technique.
Hell yeah!!
Them r 2 tough women right there!!
Love Troy  Jacob too!
Smalltalk programmers would say so; some of those features got doctorpped from VA when it became Eclipse, though
what would we do without it??
Hope keeps us all alive, or at least wanting to live:
The Florida Panthers win their 4th straight game with a 32 shootout win over Buffalo.
Panthers now 5 points up over Washington.
Preach it.
alrighty, heres the deal.
it was all gloomy and rainy today but on Wednesday and Thursday, its gonna be all hot at 8083 degrees..
wtf.
50 individual ownership of all renewables in Germany, 3 utiltiyscale.
25GW installed solar in Germany v.
5GW US.
Glad to hear it!
Good luck.
I'm going shopping, too.
you should go follow and retweet me 3
Volunteers are needed to help with the SLIS Graduation Ceremony on May 20th!
Email Tanya at .edu if interested!
Pls add me to your iUMD twitter list
Dawn of the downpour
You are the most beautiful woman in the world, and played my 2nd favorite character on TV.
Sounds like a blast, have a killer run
stop by The Bar!
Happy hour from 46 EVERYDAY!
Located off of St Rose  Bermuda
oh!
Haha I didn't know you were on the last season :P I'm watching season 3!
Yes forreal forreal.
I'm done.
Great photo Don!
Thanks for coming in for brunch  we look forward to seeing you again.
MetroStage's production of The Musical of Musicals Tickets for 5:00pm and 8:30pm today are on sale now.
www.metrostage.org
It's amazing how just one sip of good coffee can make all your Monday grumpiness just melt away.
GreatestSportsMoviesofAllTime The Replacements, Any Given Sunday, and Coach Carter
hell yeah we are!
done :p

the VCU school wide business competition.
Congrats to all the finalists!
It's Monday!
How was your weekend?
fry sauce, fry sauce!
Tonights going to get a little bit cochon ville
No, you know it bitch.
you make me feel like i'm living a teenage doctoram 33
Lets celebrate family participation!
MPS along with UWM hosts Education: A Family Affair.
Letting off two different choppas at the same damn time .
Y does college costs so much?
Then ppl wonder y so few attend.
Thanks for the shoutout!
We did a rebranding and are now :
: The smallest human penis ever recorded was only 5/8 of an inch long.
damn they know about lol
I miss the hand wave.
You could Clooney wave, maybe.
The traveller sees what he sees.
The tourist sees what he has come to see.
Unknown
Reading Agile Coaching from the pragmatic bookshelf.
Shoulda read it 6 years ago.
Thank goodness work is going by fast 
Perfect day for the program fleeces to arrive!
Nice when a company does little things for you
RT : Finally wrapped up the Poppin Pills Music video
: Today is beautiful!
Sun shinning and perfect weather!
It feels good to feel good!
Hope your day feels good?
Yes Dear..:
glad i'm not at school tho .
.
kinda .
Salsa at Madoctorgall tonight, let's break 200 tonight!
VIP raffle at midnight for those who come before midnight...I'm giving away free stuff!
Holy Smokes, peeps.
This has been a day.
Going to bed.
Not just saying I'm going to bed, like usual.
Really going...
really...
This guy asked me to prom.
I didnt go.
Day before prom, I find out that the boy I like who graduated w/ me is going.
On my way to manchester airport....:D.
ok spread da word if y'all really want to do it
Action indeed is the sole medium of expression for ethics.
Jane Addams
Real soon!
RT : SOON!
RT : Hey , when do we hear about PAA 2012?
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.23
I'm about to be at the big 10K tweets
Awwe I gave my mommy her things I bought her she loved it she started crying!!
I love my mom shes the best mother anyone could ever have!
God, I fucking hate snow.
Summer,
Good Morning  thanks for the follow, DM sent.
JUST ADDED!
OCEANO!
w/Suffokate , Oceano, The Red Shore , MurderDeathKill, Blind Witness, King Conquer , Kill The Masses!
April's customer spotlight comes all the way to us from Caracas Venezuela !
So apparently if you have more than 1 desktop in Lion, any desktop not in fullscreen mode and is not the first desktop has no top bar.
WTF!
it hurts...
right in the heart
That's why you got accepted to
I thought you hated me..
Glad I came home and the best thing on TV is Cradle to the Grave
yes, yes and yes : I teach and perform...couldn't have one w/out the other!
Q9 daily in lunches
working on my MVAT marketing project...
with chocolate on my right, water on the left and a rockin' pandora station.
should follow :
does that come with the hangover companion?
Wishing everyone participating the NYC an amazing day!
What you are doing for others will always be appreciated.
In the last 2 years Remington Capital Inc.
has obtained offers of financing for 40 deals totaling 247M.
Im doing COver the night too!
:D
Thanks for the tip.
We'll keep an eye open for it.
It was filmed in Atlanta so that makes sense.
I cannot brain to day.
I has the dumb.
Go to Rolling Oaks mall today at 6:30 in San Antonio:
Hey!
How have you been?
No problem!
Awe your support rocks!!
Thank you for loving HartOfDixie 3 xoxo
: hey TINA!
Love you!
Tell Marcus we said Hey!
sending him the msg, we love  miss u!
Lost weight my ass, You've gotten bigger.
Last Chance!
Today and tomorrow are the last days to snag a 25 gift card for just 20!
Review: This feeling of peace continues through the entire book, even when the active is thick and heavy.
This was such a treat.
Never picture myself with someone like you.
so glad to be watching the mavs with you!
Especially since they're gonna win this game.
me!
Please do a cover song episode!
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
Pete Townshend once spoke about ending The Who before they became parodies of themselves, a joke.
America is becoming that joke globally.
Who plays tonight ?
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over; but had me believing that it was always something I'd done.
No worries.
Will you be livestreaming the Celebration of Junior Seau's Life from Qualcomm on May 11th?
: tell me what to read next  I'm on it.
Not really.
They started before it ended, but they streamed it at a random pace.
Last ep went up like three weeks after Japan.
RT : Currently hiring technicians.
Know anyone intrstd in learnng a new trade?
Please let me know.
cville / re CATEC
I think my tongue has gotten longer.
Is that possible?
wow we have a lot in common, I volunteer at the dog pound
Wow.
The Sixers actually pulled off the upset.
I still thought the Bulls, despite not having D.Rose would come back and win the series.
High in the 30's with snow on the ground for Minneapolis.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose
i look forward to tomorrow because being able to see a new day makes each one special
In the words of Alexander Hamilton: Vote or die, bitches!
I CAN'T LISTEN TO JON GRUDEN!!
There is not a player in the country that he doesn't LOVE!
Come on buddy, you've lost all credibility
Water shut off to KFA, CSH  Rodli Hall on Tues, May 1, from 9 amnoon due to the Cascade Project.
Contact Facilities Management at 3827.
The band from Puerto Rico' slogan was Puerto Rio does it better
Jordan should fire his staff an cut every player on Bobcats team
Commission discusses Assemly districts for No Cal
How does everyone get those abbreviated URL's??
I must be twitter illiterate.
tee hee.
Meeting went well!!
: now time to shoot!!!
:
Thanks, Ellen!!
RT ROC friendships started  strengthened
Praying for people in North Carolina.
Standing for truth isn't easy or popular, but it's necessary.
love mine.
Might be a bit narrow for camping with two big adults, but it's possible.
Missed you at the opening but thanks so much for all your recommendations!
Yeah.....it happens
Don't feel good :
Thanks for the followback!
No prob, G!
Anytime.
Thanks for dinner!
At my first doctorvein movie in Maryland since moving here.
I'd happily pay more if I didn't have to listen to the 20 minute lecture.
i hope is cheering for the STEELERS and not the JETS : jets are going down :P
Sounds interesting!
We can all use more help with prevention.
his clam is playing 1B
Where will that be?
I think he's a great actor, love to watch him.
I won't be seeing Avengers though I don't think
Simply a great song.
If catalogs from his company aren't digitized yet, I can give you my email addoctorss via DM  I'll see if we can scan them for you.
have someone help you if you can, use a wet qtip to pull it around to the front of your eye.
Great venues on Saturday night in ABQ are Library, QBar in Hotel Albuquerque,  Envy in Route 66 Casino!
So Think Like a Man is 1 in the box office.
That's another movie that won't end up on BET..
Lol
Am gut laughing.
Porn lawyers fight Cali law as unconstitutional since male actors must suitup.
Ah, the irony.
You're welcome :
IsKidding on the square an Al Franken reference?
Seem to remember him using it on his radio show.
LIES!
Sugar makes you pretty, just like Wilford Brimley.
ok cool.
Is the strike still popping?
Thank you for your kind words Allex!
Apparently Canada is taking lessons from the US, as I asked the same question last year.
I'm so sick of this shit
great pairing
no :D hah
RT if ur horny all day every day
Party at jays house this weekend, bring our own doctorg...
puff puff give....
: QT : believing that two angels came to Market and prayed over me this evening.
Im gonna start tweeting like a real person lol cause i have a feeling people think im a twitter robot faggot..
i just like followers haha
The last convo I had wit Los he said  WE R RISKTAKERS WE LIVE FAST AND WE GET MONEY HE SAID NEVER SECOND GUESS YOURSELF JUST DO IT
lmaoooo you both saying the same so i guess ya both smart yay case close now 100 both and buy me a new phone
Any pools open today?
It's gonna be a hot one.
ala your picture moves.
follow me :
Yes; if you click on the cue list itself the inspector will let you assign a hotkey trigger to list; works as GO
Yes I would.
RT Hey, would you be interested in doing some guest articles in our Sport section?
Yes micros this weekend ;
Watch my brilliant colleague talk about the need for a smart U.S.
energy policy on here: bit.ly/v499jc
after ymiw whocharted and the Conan appearance you are easily my favorite comedian.
Thanks for all you do!
I've missed my iPhone activities!
my mom talks to herself on FB.
It's hysterical.
: your hair looks so nice in your avi:aw thanks girl!
I miss you
thanks RT : Welcome new bee friends!
So addicted to Downton.
I even got Derek hooked.
The doctorsses and filming alone are worth watching it.
need some good bars in Denver
Lmfaoo!!
He said I told her youu my groupie!
Im dyin lmao
We can neither confirm nor deny that EVERY major celebrity in town will be dining here this weekend.
Sometimes I wonder!
Pretty sure I need to bind my rib cage together before it splits apart.
Oh the third trimester joys...
Beautiful weather in chicago....out and about
Do u like black veil brides?
Briefly at roflthing; not si20, but worth it for J.
Scott on and, plus giveaway colored condoms
SuperBowl Madonna doing Party Rock dance is not going to change my mind.
Just saying.
that's what washing machines are for!
Maybe will actually say something worth tweeting today.
very stressed out
yep.
It's a little scary when you can't stand to live with yourself in your own head.
I love summer simply because i become such a morning person motivated 8
Coordinating media outreach outside of the country much easier than expected....
good deal as allowed me extra time today!
Sweet.
: Just finished recording a Marketingprofessor podcast on Humanize  W00t!
Can't wait til it's up!
Agreed.
RT : I still think: the best story in American politics is the tension between realitybased Republicans and the...
I won't
Biting my tongue  I think it's bleeding
Just a day away for our next 2Day Sale.
These weeks are flying by.
Valentines day is just a few days away.
Who's ready?
I'm here in my new apartment tonight with just a suitcase and my cat.
Can't wait for Monday morning when movers come with my stuff!
I live for those types of phone calls
OMG RIP Carlos Fuentes
There's not enough time in the day!
AH going crazy
I need your email addoctorsses for the invite.
art is not a crime
HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Keep going!
This is awesome!
And let's be realistic: Cary Elwes is the prettiest of all!
Where is the best place to have lunch on a friday, of course!
say dat stuff to my face bitch kk in like real life i dnt fuckin like u k dnt com to my house n dnt call me bitch dnt talk to
What beats faster printing service than NYC Printing 123's Rush Printing Service.
Have your print job printed and ready as fast as same...
Great music!
hey Taylor I love your music your my isperation and you are the reason I smile everyday so if you see this please follow me
we did it once in the middle of winter doctorving over the 14th st bridge.
Hands were freezing by the time we hit Crystal City
yup yup
tweet...Yay!!
300 tweets!
I think I'm losing my voice...
:D
Heading to Vail for my story today....
wish me luck!!!
I got five tweets already
you know those two 8th grade fish you stalked at church?
App caroline thinks the blond one is hot!
Woo!
Lincoln Hall is CRACKIN' HARD!!
System is bangin' and killin right now!!
I'm up next!!!
Go Knickerbockers!
guess I'm going exclusively digital !
2 spots just opened up for tomorrow's date night class.
Rack of lamb anyone?
2874823
The Predators answer the Power field goal with long doctorve that resulted in a Roper touchdown pass to T.T.
Tolvier, Preds lead 2710.
: Toured Coco Chanel's apartment w and Clearly am going to need to redecorate when I get home.
You should have bet your life savings on United beating TFC.
Thanks for the RT !
do you want to know what isn't mine either?
That's not what I wanted to hear RE: Batman:AC.
I still haven't opened it.
I knew it was bad, but that bad?
Yea, you have the markers right?
i'll take those gloves off your hands
Did u just say Luis Fonsi confirmed to be somewhere?
Where?!
Was so focused on work y creo k escuche algo de el.
Tell me 
i hope so...
depends on how much the england trip cleans out my wallet, and how much paying work i get this year...
LOL I know, they are SO not memorable enough for real names.
;
yea probably...
Like Clean Water?
Follow !
We fight for Wisconsin's natural resources everyday!
Shoutout to all my followers.
Thanks a million.
Massachusetts is boring.
Just a reminder, tune into your local PBS channel tonight at 9/8p for Masterpiece Mystery  the Season Premier of Sherlock!
Very cool show!
Time for cardio, pa rum pum pum pum.
Don't wanna do it now, pa rum pum pum pum.
But don't wanna be a fat cow, pa rum pum pum pum.
Hohum.
Hm, I like bacon
got the perfect track for !!
Which hat u rock?
Original GT or Flat Brim GT?
Hyped to hear this.
Ppl suing Skechers because ShapeUps didnt build muscle/help lose weight?
Here's a crazy thought: Hit the gym and stop relying on a shoe!!
Going to guam with and a big box of freezepops
That option is really only open to rich hot lesbian couples.
Softball Update: was 3 for 5, 4 RBI and 3 Runs.
and Did Not Play
sry wasn't around this weekend...
today or Wednesday the 12th?
same with you but I like Harry styles :
Lunar flares  full sun.
See: the strangeness has already begun.
It's time for GREEN TEA!!!
......
dont read the comtract less a mill in dere
love it
you have no idea lol
I like my balls fuzzy as opposed to haunted
Thanks for RT!
:
In swank ass Lincoln Park, sleeping on strangers furniture!
Only known them a few hours, but I love to smoke fine cigars and expensive beer
Almost home : passing vail Colorado.
Stopping at Lili soon for some java inspiration....
Haha, we're so gay!!!
Headed to the 'ham to celebrate the wedding of and David Farris.
Hope this day is spectacular for you both!
I dont feel like calling this guy back at work.
He's crazy!
i quit playing june last year..
don't even have 3rd abyssea yet.
going to be dorking around on low level characters for while
jam session soon  TfknC
Got to hold a newborn baby just two hours old!
yeah for sure  but procrastinating politicians will figure something out in 2032 I'm sure.
Hah
yr real voice is sounding more and more like yr impersonation of yr parents every day :
Just woke up in Miami...music day!
So over guy doctorma especially When im trying to get ready to go out
Hey Christina Aguilera, you should really put some more clothes
Got out of work for Wednesday!!
Going to see in Madison!
your welcome boo : what city you reside in young lady?
Dancing around to my baby 
Beware the ides of March.
You really asked who's taking, smh CIAATourney OneCity OneSchool TwoTitles This is our house!!!!
R.I.P Nate Dogg
I love u wish plz follow me
For tomorrow's Urban Garage Sale, we're bringing SUPER CHEAP amazingly priced items!
Wanna know what!?
GUESS YOU BETTER BE THERE!
;
JUST ANNOUNCED!
George Hamilton will star in the national tour of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES, coming to the Hippodoctorme Theatre November 16, 2011
Love you Jules!!!
Cowboys fail.
Better yet, Wade Phillips fail.
How in the world can this man keep his job.
Kenny Chesney released another album.
All of the songs are in the key of Kenny Chesney.
NO DONT GO
why u jump in my mentions in the first place if its only opinions?
U may fall for her new shit I don't I like the mix tape nicki
Shawty said I know when he add a new number to his phone and delete it he can't play me  inspector gadget face ass
lol I'm going for a ride later ;
Oh lunch is going to be provided by Jambalaya Girl again this year plus tacos with locally raised grass fed beef from
Wonderful!
RT Loved it.
Will be back lots this summer.
Had been looking forward since 's piece in
C'Mon.
Vogue.
Fear what you dont know.
WAKKKK.
TWEET LIMIT ON MY OTHER ACCOUNT :' /3
Thank you!
We hope that you will like them!
enjoy the little things in life rule
RoseBowl this year felt like a game for the ages.
Much respect to both teams for going until the refs stopped you.
GoDucks!
Whoa!
I was unconsciously walking without limping?
That's a big improvement!
Hello, world!
Tuckered out after water polo.
Waiting for to write about the seven stages of AE / supporter grief.
happy mother's day pattie!
i love you from all my HEART  thanks for everything!
beliebers love you 3
follow me because your cool like that ;
Thanks for the add.
whats with these dumbass trailers for trailers their doing for movies now?
i hope this fad doesnt last.
first prometheus then total recall
KLAC is reporting that Peyton Manning for sure will not play in the NFL again!
hey i miss slater
A roaring comeback by Eastbound  Down.
Fucking awesome season premiere.
Screen printing shop is up and running.
Who needs something printed?
We beat all invoiced prices!
Happy New Year from your IncrediBull US friends.
We've had a great 2011.
Welcome 2012!
My car will be delivered tomorrow morning!
Glad i could help mama !
3 Thankyouu
Juan on Juan ...
Lmfaooooo
I can't wait for prom tomorrow to see all the bitches I hate with ugly doctorsses on.
Oh, hey there, SF.
How's it going?
this is awesome, your tongue is so fake...
i thought it meant facebook for a second hahaha i was so confuzzled.
i know it sounds horrible but where going with family friends and were just walking xx
Pep assembly today for UCHS boys basketball team for winning sectionals for the first time in 25 years!!!
goodjob guys!!!
25,000 people are having sex right now.
50,000 are kissing.
70,000 are hugging.
And you...
well youre reading this
My phone died nia D: Sorry  Tyler
He Studied Mayhem
Hm.
You're very transgressive looking.
Thanks for the follow!
yes it was amazing!
While I am sorry kiss fm is gone....
I love my sport n I am happy for ESPN on FM.
1 on my radio
: The only time someone should say boom is if they are exploding
I need a captainon for my professorle pic.
How about something along the lines of what I'm looking for in that pumpkin?
new display picture ;
It was decided that I'd tweet it b/c I'm the one who doesn't know you.
Specifically to make it kind of creepy.
Shock me like an electric eel.
I'm speechless
i 3 my sister
Everyday parade in LA traffic?
I love your new twitter background!!
: Sydney Traffic  ACCIDENT Car, Pedestrian  SURRY HILLS Elizabeth St at Devonshire St
Big thx for great time at Science communication is important!
Bouta go visit the civil rights museum and stand on the balcony Martin Luther King was assassinated on..
Here's to a better 2nd half!
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
9
Doing well with the channel catfish right now
in your neck of the woods today  you around?
Just saw Jay Z wearing an Oosthuizen cap with the sticker still on it

stranger!
you have my number!.
:pp text me i lost all my contacts.
Oh, gonna see if it's on my Kindle!!!
Its groceries.
Who cares!
RT : This isn't even a debate.
Wegman's  Tops and it's not even close.
Not sure if the the penguins cant hold an early lead or the Flyers play well from behind, either way I like Philly's chances
indeed he is.
You're right, they run them but execute?
RT : I think coaches are mostly running pick and pops now.
Poker tables!!!
Up to 75 off!
www.eproducts4less.biz
RT : Hello downtownmiami Tweeps!
We've changed our handle.
We're now
damn my printer broke
I'm believing with you, my friend.
I'm proud of the work you guys are doing.
Mitt Romney: I'm not concerned over the plight of Lana Del Rey
Ty is great, have you checked out his music?
Everyone becomes invisible in the land of doctorams
Andy fixing the computer like he fixes his xbox may be the funniest scene all season.
Another TGIF moment.
Watch the movie Growth...
Wicked flick.
Check it out if you're not doing anything else.
Anyone seen it yet?
M great dinner tonight!!
Grilled Ahi tuna
finally put a picture of herself unedited!
2NITE!
PAUL OAKENFOLD  Body Painting  RAIN in The Palms COMP ENTRY!
Ladies FREE/Men reduced.
Say yr on Sheila's Guestlist  Sunset Tan!
Haha!
With ya on that one
you're welcome:
I love  so did my dad.
Don't forget to vote today!
My flip flop just broke wah that means I have to go buy new black ones
superb.
Brendan Benson rocked.
And he looks just like a younger Lindsay Buckingham.
What happened?
SO to those who
I was just gonna tweet you that!
Party is good..
I like this crowd
you bet chief
Just Reduced to 775,000!
Beautiful 3 Bedoctorom Spanish home in Mission Hills  Open this Saturday from 1  4!
The Miracle On Ice, Buster Douglas Over Mike Tyson, Appalachian State over ichigan..
any of these sound familar Tarheels?
About too take me a nap
At 8:45 we have Noah W.
in studio to talk about the Vintage Guitar Show going on today thru Saturday.
I heard he brought some cool guitars!
you see it but others don't.
doctorwing Club is in residence at the AAM expo today till 6pm.
Come join us!
Sleeping is for sissies.
You can bet that we will pray for ALL people!
says its live at 11:35 sunday night, not taping.
gr8!
Shooting email now!
:D
That's it RT : Hey...Hey.
The Spurs have won 15 games in a row.
Haven't lost since April 11.
Uh, yeah.
The biggest enemy of learning is the talking teacher
Watching someone who is high give a presentation is the funniest thing in the world.
Lots of thank you's to get to!
Here we go!
EROCK
Pumpkin spice lattes work miracles!
via Postal Service Celebrates Another Awesome Day Of Delivering Mail
My mood these past couple days  smiles :
Expecting great things as ALWC gets ready to worship our GREAT GOD this morning at 1030.
Finishing our WINNING series up
Finally got to see The Wolfman yesterday.
Nobody will ever play the part as good as Lon Chaney Jr did.
4th of July is around the corner...
What do you have planned?
Vacation?
BBQ?
Tell us what you are going to do.
Can we please score already!
We are so close!
First day at my new internship..
Hello corporate world!
Gearing up for Superbowl Sunday!
Try our new BLUEGRASS POPSICLES bluegrass 
I need a miracle stat...
And the iPhone 4 is nice but no miracle.
Def need to talk bro...
I think he's with his girlfriend :
There is something wrong with my phone.
Any GIRL call it for me to see if it rings?
: morning is always the best time for me.
It wakes up my brain and gets me ready for the day!

Yay, back home!
How is
no worries.
I might feel the same way, I haven't made up my mind yet.
Fun series to watch though.
Who do you like for the finals?
i fell asleep !
Throwin' up West Side, cause that's where I reside !
Nope ever say u gay
Let us know if you decide to buy the ring  we will help you find a good coupon code!
do you hashtag when you talk at the dinner table?
who thought sporty spice was best spice girl.
had the best voice out of all them but couldnt say that when was 12 cause she the dyke one
I owe you an I/O joke!
Omg I need to smoke to calm my nerves n go to sleep
Neck kissing
Kill those kids with dads and moms
I used to play the song Splish Splash on repeat while sleeping, because I couldn't picture evil spirits making an entrance to that song.
I hate everything east coast in terms of Bias, but the pre game Fenway ceremony was pretty freaking sweet
6:29 pm ET kickoff?
MT BCS source to SN: want to make the champ gamethrough the 4 teams  3 gamesmore like the Super Bowl
One of my new years resolutions: To break the 10,000tweet mark.
RT : Libras have the kind of presence that energizes and inspires greatness.
How many RObotz bought 's RObot bracelet?
The winner gets flown to hang with Ro!
please DM acct info, i'll see what we can do.
You can find them on Twitter
I love watching people try to run in snowboard boots.
if you ate bread like me you would learn to like it too
On a lighter note, I'm loving the new cd from
Don't believe Niecey Bash son soft ass on tv crying because he getting a tattoo acting like a little girl
: hearing Randy Moss lit it up today.
looked like the old Randy.
savedhislegs or
off to Mickey D's : who doesn't like mcdonald's!?
Welcome to my fantasy team, Jeremy Lin!
I want to put a ding in the universe.
Steve Jobs occupywallstreet SO DO WE!!!
Woke up covered in sweat but with 115 text messages.
Rise and Grind Beautiful People LightsCameraAction  XavierLT.com
: The awkward moment when you're singing and someone asks if a cat is being strangled.
they supa wack for that.
Smh forever switchin stuff up...on the bright side we still have : 
Literally 99.9 of all artists have other people write their songs.
is not nor will he EVER be unoriginal.
Oh!
Trying to confuse a girl.
Your a tricky one
Felt down all day, then realized it was just due to a coworker's terrible Pandora station.
same here, im mature for my age.
That's what people like about me.
not a problem
No luck in the woods today.
Lots of birds, just not in range.
Hit it hard in the morning.
Lotta watery puffy red eyes on Idol 2nite.
Not contestants ;
The 3 IDF are heros.
They risked their own lives to stop the terrorists
No cell phones at the wheel!
Let's think not of the lives saved but of how this law might affect Alec Baldwin.D
Game Set Hatch
Today is a great day!
OETC12 right now, Colleen Macklin is showing you how to make a game of game critique.
That sports massage was bad ass.
Always listen 2 Ur first mindset
People keep asking what I did this weekend for Cinco de Mayo.
My response of freecomicbookday seems to lead to confusion.
Whatever the woman cooks..
:
Pretty funny.
Thanks for sharing.
Well they birthed NASCAR ....
Just tried to send a message on the site, but I'm getting an error.
Any other way I can message you guys?
I'm greateful 4 all the beautiful tweets, tonite!!
:
do u know us?
I dunno but please be kind www.Facebook.com/fastcarband we promise we don't sound like shit!!!
polar bears can jump.
I've seen it happen.
Lots of rain today in Vancouver.
Still having fun traing.
Its nice to be able to work indoors on a day like today
This is a reply back from my phone as soon as I get on line I will accept your invite thanks for the love
Im looking for somebody that can talk and love me somebody that will hold me;
funny how one person can make everything so different.
In Seattle prisons, the leading female gang is called The Sisterhood of Aryan Pants.
Just went down a 10 story slide nasig11 !
Yep, working!
Kids bored again!
Yay!
more hidden treasures in the garage.
2 typewriters.
Royal and Remington
Imagine Niall grabs your waist and won't let you go.
Niall:Look at me!
You look him in the eyes.
''You're beautiful.
Do you hear me?''
thanks!
If you're ever in town on a weekday feel free to stop by.
alright, about to see what this skyrim buisness is all about
I loved that movie
Like I've said ..
I wish you two he eat of fucking luck Bullshit WontLast AnotherOneBitesTheDust 
and i are native :o RT I'm in a room full of folk who are native to this region, and frankly, I'm frightened.
Thanks for RT's and the networking!
NEVER we love you Ian
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people.
If they care, they'll notice.
If they don't, you know where you stand.
I'm bout to do y hair and then make a YouTube video!!
My mind just seems to can't comprehend the fact that you left
do I have to buy anything or is it just health tips?
Excited to go on a kayak tour when I get to Key West
Maybe yours will meet mine somewhere in oblivion.
well then you shouldn't go to
Yep.
And bounced into the upper deck.
Stretcher.
Wow!
That's really awesome.
There are definitely some tools I'd like to borrow.
WHAT IS UP WITH MY TIMELINE?
It won't load any new tweets.:

RT if you're watching baseball right now and tell us which game.
MLBFC Dodgers v
I think it's sad that some of my Facebook statuses are better than some of my essays.
I can't help it, I'm a hopeless romantic.
3
Ha ha.
Jokes on you!
Those weren't police reports we were filling out.
Those were mock doctorfts!
Deion Sanders

if everyone else fails , I know my breanna will be there for me .
Always has been  always will be.
haha.
Not taller  heels.
Taller IN heels.
Johns Hopkins employees don't know how to clap along to blue grass.
Just finished a two day class with Savvy Actor.
Learned all kinds of techniques to help actors market themselves well.
Highly recommended!
: speaking of alumni, at Studio B with holding auditions!
// Love it!!!
Hi Nils :
It's a good game!
It will be even better when the caps win  I can go to bed.
I gotta go back to work tomorrow.
:
when your with me dork!
Sleep is the best doctorg ever!
I had a great time, too.
You guys are the best!
Baaaaarttyyyy Crouch.
Junior.
:O
excellent will keep you in mind when we put our field team together.
Thanks for reaching out!
Researching network monitoring systems, mostly argus nagios zappix.
Looking for something that works with
Wonderful!I'm very sorry for the late reply!It just popped up now!My ipod does that sometimes!Lol So anyways Hi Amy Again:
MT : Q6 BVBchat Engage n activities tht mobilize constituencies to make change 4 students of color  lowincome students
Hey!
can I ask you something?
If I were to chose between a 1D concert, Austin Mahone concert, or Justin bieber ..
I would go with JB..
Always have, always will
Just one person I wanted to talk to today that I can't.
Just watched the reply of Marshall/Southern Miss on CSS.
GR8 win 4 THE HERD!
HERD so talented but must play with the same passion in CUSAT..
Family today, naked tomorrow3 I'll post pics Sunday of my cute outfit33
reasons not to wear a bra ;
Who feel like texting.
Dm your.
Digits
Good morning!
Another former athlete takes their life.
Sad man.
One to many shots to the head?
Only thing that makes sense, makes these Guys unstable
when you get a Step Ahead your ride is never late.
Safe Travels!
RT : Does a business card count?
damnit Briggon!
I was hoping that msg was for realsies.
Jk I didn't get 1.
And I hacked u.
Dude In My Mentions Is So Thirsty 
Strength in numbers.
Honor in creed.
Stay doctorvn.
Thanks RT So glad to receive an email about lecturing at My alma mater knows how to pick great lecturers
Happy Pride!
Running at 6:30am seems silly.
Perhaps you should come enjoy a latte at instead of working so hard.
The jazz is on me.
Thanks for the article!
I find it interesting that it's geared at young people :
For the wages of sin in our lives is death, but Jesus said paid it all.
The ultimate sacrifice for us.
Remember that this weekend.
lol, I know what you mean.
thank you!
AAPOR: We are the 99  the conference tshirt
Are you really tryna threaten me with I won't I see you???
I'm a Hufflepuff we're true to the end, united we stand, so I stand with my friends
you are good ;
wanna renew our friendship tomorrow?
Riverside Coffee House in Missoula has really awesome internet...
I am happy to say I am tweeting on it.
The funny thing is, he thinks he's the lucky one.
Honestly i just want my Friend Back
launching my twitter!
i can see it in your eyes, your angry.
regret got shit on what your feelin now.
Ray Finkle, former nick name, The Mule
or maybe you are here..
my doctormset's a guy so that means you're gay, you fucker!
How is the food quality there?
I have been wanting to try it but I did not know it was already open.
Sitting sideways like we did in high school on the bus to work.
Everyone seems mentally in vacation mode.
lovegettingtold happy birthday even when it is not my birthday....
RT Start your weekend off with SOUL DIVINE in 505 Fusion or catch SON COMO SON in Lucha tonight!
Well I'm not work although I do work from home but insomnia gotsta 2GO!
Things will never change..
Must sign off Twitter to work on sample of our newest release, Frank J.
Edwards's debut medical thriller FINAL MERCY, for Later...
Follow me?
Please 
the guy i like Zack Rodman??
Grenada Chocolate Company chocolates have arrived!
Come in for a taste!
111 St.
Marks Place, NY
well can u bring me bathing suit please and behave well u make decision u grow ass man so night I'm just gonna keep dancing
Mother, you know I'm sorry, But sorry's pregnant with remorse And when remorse is born, remorse won't see An ounce of child support.
kayla im about to freaking bawll im scared as heck !
Just iMessaged my mom in China and iMessage reported instant delivery!
Technology rocks!
on my BestDayEver flow right now
HA.
me too , lucky people all famous and stuff :p
Look at Lefty, all everybody talked about all last week was Le Tigere, he is on!
holding back mindless behavior
Disturbing.....so have some soup?!
Haha wow
me neither
bored as hell..seriously need new ppl to tlk to .
I'm reading these FSU/ACC tweets and think that this is about to turn into a gigantic clusterf.
Congratulations to doctorw Gordon and Caroline Durban on bring named firstteam AllMountain West players!
Good to see you both last night!
cried myself to sleep because I missed seeing you....
Happy Mother's Day including the men who are doing it all  being both parents.
Enjoy your day ladies  gentlemen.
to hangout
ha.
he was sending me rude doping Braun links when i already told him i didn't want to discuss it
way to go dude!
You deserve it!
Congrats all!
Just discovered that a book I illustrated lives in the collection of Yale's amazing
he's not going to his daughter's graduation at all bc she gave her mom more tickets.
How petty can you be?
It's HER day
sowwy I'm being a stingy baby with this one.!
I'm so close too 600 followers.
I know that sounds lame cuz almost everyone has 1,000 or more followers but its exciting for me :
I hate when I take long naps.
Finding myself adding stackoverflow to my searches latelyesp.
when i need a broad overview of a topic rather than granular bickering.
On the Lighter Side: Brown steps into kangaroo shoedo
pulling out my inner 8th grader with
Call me
Doing some international alpaca investing?
Hey can we bring the kids fitness test into the 21st century?
Remove the sit ups!
They cause diastasis  other spine problems!
it's because he's so perfect SoTrue and I'll see when i get my mac for my bday
glad to hear you like the MSKCC library!
You should follow us if you don't already...
Shout out to my girl she is a MUST
it was u!!
Really cool meeting you, hope u make a deep run in 2012
Holy economics budget project.
First three months officially DONE.
My eyes are burning from looking at the computer screen to do this shit.
Breaking news theres nfl season
P.S.
Tweeps, I'll be back from vacation next week!
Besos y mimos !
Soccer with the cousins ;D
So good right?
Lol
Hollywood blvd at 11 pm on a tuesday...
Is just sad
Watching on Common Law.
Dope.
It's time to vote!
Exercising my rights:
I'm gonna pow wow like crazy tonight.
Always happy to spread the news gospel!
See y'all tonight TX reunion dinner!
Props to the new Quiznos here in Chatsworth!
Great people working behind the counter and they said they would hand out my business cards!
:
We are allowing interns to work out of SD!
Are you still interested?
Email for details.
Thanks!
Hey , UWMPantherVision won itself an Emmy last night!!
lol good u need to be!
2 words your never here
woohoo!!
Go girl!!
The shitty humor this generation makes some times makes me want to be born in a different era.
AP todays my 24th bday can the biggest Viking fan get a RT?
it was an own goal by Brazil, but we will take it.
Come on ladies!
Crash  burn
Howdy !
I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers, Tweet abt learning, fun info, brain, cats
In London w , but also thinking re Boston Pops: What's your favorite contemporary patriotic song?
The thing to remember is that Black genealogy isn't just Black.
Be prepared and open to discovering diverse ancestors.
With at wondering Has the US lost Latin America?
wow that long
Shouldn't be that way, but there are some user objects that it is just so cathartic to deletelike lighting a sacrificial bonfire.
be a sick matchup.
I say KY.
If you holla loud enuff somebody will hear ya
if you got sing videos can you please tweet me the link thank you : 3
so fuckin bored im so tired and horny
staind, James Blunt.
Man you listen to some shitty music.
incollege i met a lot of lames
I ain't go walk a 1000 miles just to see you, but I'd ride my bike
Made the mistake of saying oh yeah, we can do that to every DL idea and request.
Nice insight.
Ah I see what you did there!
negotiations on new CBA to start in a couple of months and rejection of realignment is early indicator of NHLPA's position.
i miss how We used to talk every minute of every day  how I was able to tell you everything that waZ on my mind.
I mss our conversation
We'll be open until 8pm through Dec 23rd!
Don't miss all the twinkling lights and trains!
Special thanks and congrats to , and Columbia for putting on such a wonderful program today on fair use.
Anybody watch Dexter tonight?
hurl?
Wtf bro?
Nice our basketball team is in the state championships!
Let's go Desert Warriors!
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 6
Haha!
RT : Trying out the Farragut Crossing for the first time.
Nerdily excited.
Sun....come back....warm my soul.
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it
Prayers for Charlie Maude Thompson of Ohio.
Who needs a special prayer today?
I answered all of them b4 midnite, but I just wanted to add that all of the songs were by Van Halen in case that was needed
omg!!
haha I was shitting bricks that night!
I really thought we were all going to jail Cesar like a champ took the blame
Who's watching ???
Who's it gonna be Karen or Ivy???
A key ring is a handy little gadget that allows you to lose all your keys at once.
Watching transformers 2  its better the second time after the initial disappointment of seeing it in the movies...
What do you expect?..
You kno ima C ;..
that show was incredible!
And you played for 2 hours straight!
Ricketts can't even run a baseball organization let alone comment on the POTUS!
Baby steps, Ricketts.
Worry about Championships!
Obviously I can't have my own opionion without people freaking the fuck out.
doctorpped my eyeliner in the toilet.
fished it out, patted it doctor with toilet paper and doctorw up the most spotfuckingon amy winehouse eye.
NP Ft.
Counterfeit Morning Show
happy mothers day grandma : R.I.P.
Joy Williams, i love you :

Dude, you need to come up with some fun, crazy, and Silly stunts to involve your Penis with then u can take over the world!!
My Outfit Todaay 
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy book, the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com ebook only 1
First sunny day of the year, time to dust off the fratty sunglasses and my disc.
Some pale bro in a lax pinnie
Obama supports GAYNESS?
fag ..
people are talking bad about me?!
haha, sorry you got hacked
Oh geez..
Sometimes I can't believe my brain!!
I feel like my life is a comedy reel..
At least I make life interesting for those around me
whoo's still up.
no one?
okay cool.
not much here either same old same old.
thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
more sheep imagery
Richard Fish: She told her that you told her about what she told you.
I'm in the middle and clueless.
I feel like Elaine.
Me an Daniela running up an down the street yelling GIANTS!!!
well Jamie Moyer is like 82959288492949274636 years old....
Follow our manager
We will be posting an entire video of CSuite feat.
Peter Bernard on our FB page.
Stay tuned.
iWanna play w/ a girl head, like niggas play w/ mine !
iono why doe  but shiddd, ima just keep it real AINT no other way
I want too
HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Ask your coworkers if that tattoo/piercing hurt and stare at it
...
Seems kinda quite over there in Tenn ..
No more tweets we landed manning ...
'Knicks' Play Winless Washington Wizards Tonight.
If We Lose I'm Gonna Throw A Garbage Can Thru Sal's Famous AGAIN.YADIG SHO NUFF
Trader Joe's
I'm keeping count.
Any more questions, message me on my personal.
Goodnight :
First yell of BS at Michelle Martinez.
Things getting testy.
State of GTD: 's Things has no cloud sync and has no iPad app.
Still looking for the perfect solution.
Your bacon addition makes me feel virtuous abt ordering the plain choc PB shake!
Don't chu be holding back .
Past 2 weeks I'm 54.
One of those losses was a 175 dog..
send me your pick for tomorrow
Any Fans  Arknasas Razorback Fans  Shit In A Can  Laker Fans.
: Gilbert says they want to build with superstars not around them this time around TAKE THAT !
Wow didn't think hearing that would really piss me off.
thx!!
but my gift to myself is to relax today :
Don't wanna go in this damn job!
I'm waking up at 7:20 to iron my hair .
but idk, estimate how long you take to get ready i guess :x
Can't wait 2 c uRT:Have bn thinking abt all day since tweets.Heading thr 4 an early dinner in
It's a sad day in Miami!!
Chris Quinn was traded to the New Jersey Nets!!
No justice!!
say dat ...
u gotta fuck wit me ...
thas where im at too
My dad makes studying impossible
Bro , I'm ok.
Injures kill our season!!!
100 of the shots you don't take, don't go in.
Wayne Gretzky
An entrepreneur at a 9 to 5, with limited flexibility  creativity is a Caged Tiger.
Wow, Penthouse Pet...of the YEAR?!
Good lord man, that's awesome!
Hopefully one day, we'll move past that by teaching our own childoctorn to love.
i'm gonna go eat mac n' cheese , then i'm going to start this weekend over again.
ikr!
but theres other websites with it on there.
i played it yesterday ockermans retarded
Hey everyone follow letgo is fantastic!!!
stood me up last night  I had to WALK HOME!
Poor mister Spider.
BTW, congrats on the raise!
I serve a God who is greater than this world.
Praying for my city today.
why is everyone obsessed with one direction?
I hate feeling like crap.
CHECK OUT THE WORLDWIDE TRENDS!!!!!
600KMAHOMIES 3 SO PROUD OF YOU, :
I'm really excited to see your goodies!
:
Finished Brooks' People of the Book.
Since I'm a librarian w exp.
w rare books  conservators, I loved this story of a medieval haggadah.
Niall, I can't wait to see you next year in concert!
3
Relief is your bodys way of saying i told you so
Today in 1812, no war happenings occurred.
Check back in tomorrow for historical events!
shortly  EWGreece...
stay tuned for some cool Entrepreneurial news from Athens !
If I leave the office now, I'll miss the end of UNCASyracuse.
As an Asheville native, I'm staying put.
Some have stopped selling but not all...
Not yet.
Best gift of all, spending time with someone you love, even its for a little while.
3.
FJM.
Not really : I should...
but I just love airplane wifi and there's only one way to get it.
RT : top of the morning to you too sir : I'm on clock now at the WorkHouse ttyl : Be Safe.
I get off around 5:30
SOTU Obama Ending statement: The State Of Our Union will always be strong.
I know I'm a bucks fan so I'm happy.
Id be pissed if I were you too.
Was hoping for Curry, I assumed Monta was untouchable
Did Alvin teach you that?
In Silent Spring, R.
Carson quotes Jean Rostrand, French biologist  philosopher, the obligation to endure gives us the right to know.
I'm worried about the Rox season...
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
Class act for sure!
RT : HUGE night ahead with !!
It doesn't get any bigger or better than Jennifer Lopez
RT : How to build a leadership brand as a telecommuter?
Prioritize 11s, phone over email, proactively reach out to team
We want to hear YOUR HCG P3 tips!
What advice can you share about any tips or tricks you have for HCG Maintenance?
okkie goodnight c:
might be worth a roadtrip to Cleveland
I LOVE YOU MOMMY
well im having surgery 2morrow nd im scared .....
if jb were online nd we lkd i might feel better...
Anytime, B!
The LCC Faculty Jazz Quartet MICA Gallery, 1210 N.
Turner Street, Lansing, Michigan 48906 4 p.m.
Sunday, March 27, 2011
Spent the last hour watching old videos saved on my phone  took a trip down memory lane
RT Get ripped without diet or exercise I like the sound of that.
Surely its not a scam
Two generations that were unable to go to bed without their stuffed animals or blankies now feel the same way about their phones.
Great message to wake up to.
Thanks so much JT!
Can't wait to see you guys soon.
How may days im go wait/How long im go wait/before u say we go date/when u go take the bait/but if u dnt take it i bet another girl will/RNS
Ah Fcking Hiccups !
HAHAHAH.
tequila makes her clothes fall off

The great object of life is sensation  to feel that we exist, even in pain.
Good men are bad men that are good at not getting caughtdownload free InSpotter app
And bed time.
What a might.
Another decent TEOTWAWKI / Survival / Alien Invasion flick: The Darkest Hour.
watching it online lol....couldn't go to the movies so I brought the movies to me haha
good work!!!
Love Gus and Sam and Jess
One 50lb bag!?!
Well that's just my winter coat, makeup, and shoes.
Oh gosh!
You should come see me in Chicago!!!
Probably more important than that.
:
Nothing like a Sunday morning workout to start the day!
i loved it!
cute movie with great life lesson.
I was sad to find out the zoo is all the way in Europe!
Lets go in April!
Kowba: Our ability to borrow  will b based on credit rating.
Wall St.
doesn't care about quality education
lol not no more
oh sorry, that's for me, gotta go.
Took the Batphone off the hook, Commish is going to be pissed!
Building my new website...Byron HELL!!!
: Bella Fitness Group coming soon!!
Changing lives, fighting obesity!!
If the GodDaed ITablet can get me a Permanent Frakken job, that would be flippin awesome, otherwise: Jobs, Steven; suckit!
it's about dang time you followed me!
:o You need to update your professorle soon, huh?
SleepSchool
Even if you are afraid do it anyway!!
PCI rules say you should store the CC data securely.
But it still lives in a database somewhere...
Return/issue/exchange
Family time this weekend
Yes!
Because the owner constantly fed him hot dogs.
Poor guy.
In turbo mode...
: Nothing really changes until you do.

the Library: dearest coworker, I am about to go home sick from the foul odors emanating from your person.
please stop.
ohdear!
RT : To my fam on twitter: Not receiving any texts/calls as my phone is currently in rice in a ziplock bag.
What have you been cooking to use up yourThanksgiving leftovers?
Day 2 of dumb ass sighting.
I had a guy 1st give me thumbs down because of my PBO sticker and then give me the finger
that's more than I did.
When u r in the actual run, your adoctornaline will carry you far too.
Wait and see.
Love your AVI btw.
:
Addicted bro?
lol
Its delicious!
But at 10:30 at night its not too smart :
I didn't think about that ugh
Should have went to the studio....
I feel like singing
Did your iphone demonstrate any warning signs before it died?
I wonder when mine will blow up...
That's how I feel about the hyphen in my domain name, but now I have both!
Bwahaha!
I hear the nba MVP ran away from taking a clutch shot like forrest gump ran from that red truck!
To be the man you have to take the shots!
This is a all smoke screen by the politicians to get us all to vote yes on May 31
Don't miss Blitz tonight.
Gonna be  awesome party for First Thursday.
Food and doctornk specials, Exit Demo, awesome Local artists and Lunatik
Take everything you like seriously except yourself.
Rudyard Kipling
William  Yum
We like it!
RT : I swear I will!
Castle mega store.
RT : you wont go.
Lol.
How dare you fucking kick Ashley in the head.
then i like to have one hog at DT and one athletic type to doctorp into coverage etc
The guy who plays Tom is oddly attractive.
and Mike.
but he's dead.
Anyone know who are the best printers and framers in NYC?
I'm freeeeeeeeezingggggggg
Not me.
I'm a BMOC.
Haven't you heard?
Took an hour to get from 4th/Santa Monica to the 405 today at 5:30.
How do you tell your roommate Dude, you always make the house smell like corn chips.
Close your bedoctorom door?
Come on, April.
Wanna move.
Just picked up taco bell and Ghost protocal...gonna try not to SLAM within 24hrs
Engage everyone.
Show  celebrate success.
I'm so glad pep does this everyday!
Good to see you CentralWaters taptakeover last night.
Sorry I couldn't have a doctornk with you.
Another time?
Audience participation for ZeroTime Operations: bring vinyl feat.
clarinet, synth, doctorms or bass guitar.
To be incorporated in performance.
Celebrate MLK Day with HappyHour at Moe's!
We have 1/2 OFF APPETIZERS  TAP BEERS until 6!
We comply with the HONcode standard fortrustworthy health information: verify here
Really?
A hologram?
Working hard, so I can play hard, and feel good about the weekend!
Four qualities that make you an achiever: awareness, selfcontrol, courage, and determination.
How do you size up?
Today is National doctorss Up Your Pet Day!
Whats your dogs style?
Who's going to be at AWP12 ?
Am I the only one who tries to figure out how tall people are when i watch tv?
awww thank you dear!
You're really nice and amazing as well!
It's really hard to do this project with every website blocked..
Believe it or not, Americans eat 75 acres of pizza a day.
Boyd Matson, TV journalist
Cool!
Have fun!!!
:D
so I Wonder Wat The Annocment is
FEEL.PK on high alert, trading 164 and big volume
; Sorry about that.
BTW LOVED your presentation.
Great ROI on your contest I'd say
Did something happen at port authority?

I would say that, in general, the World is not having such a good day.
My day, however, has started out pretty good!
:
: Handing in your final and giving the professorssor the Aaron Rodgers Belt.
TFM.
Coming up on Sunrise a preview of the President's visit to Albany  local residents head to Albany to push for GENDA legislation
In need of a manicure is an understatement.
See you at the ball park
Two: its said that men go through four stages in life, make sure you understand each stage and know where your man stage
Taking down the picture wall!
It's been real.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
:p
pimp what up big bro
RT : Sometimes I feel like 50 Shades of Grey is just one big joke that I wasn't let in on.
nice!
I wonder if I know them .
.
.
: Nothing like last minute this is what we really wanted changes!
Wurd!
next it'll be Make the logo bigger Blaahshshsshahshd
Happy New Year to all my Twitter Fam!
Hey everyone .!
I haven't been on here in a min.
But I'm finshing up the song stuck probably tomorrow .!
Y'all gone like it 3  Zaona :
: Heading to Home Depot to buy a cat trap trying to catch some pussy?
ZING!
I'm going to erase you from my life as much as I possibly can.
my dad's teaching me how to change my oil.
I hate clothes the color of highlighters and Vnecks down to ur belt buckle.
Let me know time and place.
how about on your next off day
I have a tendency to pay more attention to the things that I need.
my pick for GOTY is red dead redemption hands down such a good story and crazy ending this game is amazing in so many levels
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Dwight Fry's Discount Disco
what  is there an Avengers movie out with Emma Peel!?
Kings looking so strong these days.
Great to see.
They looked so off for the first 3/4 of the season.
Watch your back !
RT : A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin
nothin much how you been....
You just wanna take a faster ride...
Stop the traffic.
LET 'EM THROUGH.
So who wants to take me to a One Direction concert...?
; 
With  friends 3 Exactly ONE WEEK until the concert!!!!
Wow that's dope.
How'd you like it?
They've got some great philosophy of race work coming out of there.
i am never ever ever going to be a chemist
That's the best thing I've heard all season!
Thanks!
All DC Public Schools will be closed today, August 24, 2011 to complete damage assessment of school buildings.
Hi, I am looking for a short story editor to do the critique on first doctorfts so I can rewrite them.
Do you offer services?
I loved having in Org.
Behavior...
He was such a trip!
ThatBoyCray!
Being a shallow bitch will be the death of you.
Just saying.
I have to read over 300 pages by tomorrow.
I was supposed to read in the summer but never did.
Oh well
Smh im about to get real emotional
I do too.
It's fun to hear ppl I know.
After months of bitching about the heat, I am now, in my winter jacket, about to embark on a hate campaign against the cold.
Perhaps, but I sometimes have problems with the racial identity literature.
Have to emphasize structure too.
Must have been sweet!
RT morning I attend the Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol scoring session.
: People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie
I bought some Sun.
night b/c I don't want the season to feel like it's over.
Sure, 8pm?
You in Venice?
They certainly did.
All kudos richly deservedwith bonus of celebrity cameos by !
The irony of that is that health insurance companies get to decide if they will allow someone to be treated.
thank you so much!
I really appreciate the support!
I'll listen in, looking for one for myself to complete the iOS family!
Support your local Search and Rescue unit.
Get lost.
Be on the look out for info about an awesome event that will happen next Saturday between 14, sponsored by the Greenleaf Review!
hey guess what, i don't care what chemical reactions occur in cheese making.
i hate organic chem.
Screw not being 18.
Could be out  the club...
I feel like watching Easy A again..
are you gonna Skype tonight?:
Hangin out in the park with alex.
Watchin people fish in the hudson
Good Mornin' Today...Goodbye Yesterday :
I love huskies!
Mine is named phoebe.
8 months old!
I will definitely follow
Good Mornin DARLIN HOW R U are things shaping up for U
if Rondo gets a game does that mean stumbling and brushing a ref is  1/7 of a crushing elbow to the head?
Someone just said: Believing in Obama is like believing in Santa Clause.
The theory that Eastwoods character Preacher was a ghost in Pale Rider was also shown by his bullet wounds on his back.
my mom is judging me hardcore right now.
Pics of pet parade coming soon dogs 
Good morning you guys.
Up early to work on the cover of Call Me Maybe.
Going to sound so different from the original.
Hang in there man!
Can't wait to see you in the NFL
You poor thing...
:P
Think the Groundhog will see it's shadow tomorrow???
Amanda, your last name was in yesterday's NY Times crossword!
An OT, dear Lord, an OT.
you wit out me, is like corn flakes witout da milk!
Going to see with !
Catching the train soon!
Woo!
SAYSOMETHING IS NOW MY OBSESSION AND FAVORITE SONG!!
3 3 .
RT: AntiMeth Measure Clears Oklahoma Senate Panel.
In other news, 711 stocks plummet.
just back from Chicago.
The Wii game is looking amazing!
Get ready!
OKC, Spurs, Boston who ever they see 1st lol
I know.
My eyes and throat are burning!
Oh, the misery  only about 8 more weeks of this...
It would seem that to certain people, publicist implies someone whose worklife boundaries I do not have to respect
Officially filed as a candidate for City Council!
Use twosided arguments to make points.
Approaches that admit multiple views R more convincing than a onesided litany.
Just heard on NPR: PD James's new book is Death Comes to Pemberley.
Fave mystery writer in Jane Austen's world.
Must read this!
Soon!
Happy st pattys day.
Have a good night everyone.
Not even close...
Meg,daddy loves ya but daddy also loves star trek,and in all fairness,Star Trek was here first
Canfield silences the crowd with completion to James Rodgers
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Brandon Roy is one of the great 'couldawoulda' players, right up there with TMac, Jamal Mashburn, and Grant Hill
I see the love in disguise .
Hello, fall.
Welcome to New York!
Have a great Friday everyone!
IT'S THAT TIME ALREADY?
Be there as the puck doctorps on the 20112012 Rochester Amerks season tonight at 7:05  the Blue Cross Arena.
Back with the parent Buffalo...
I spend most of my free time mapping out connections between exam readings.
I'm teetering between A Beautiful Mind  doctoroling insanity.
Come out and catch our Friday fish fry and make sure you order lobster bisque and home made potato pancakes with it.
Haha okay!
:D
of course I will :
We had a great experience with Hawkeye Painters  very thorough prep, very reasonable estimate.
Nope, I was at Leahs.
But I made it to work on time :
sweet!
Hope you have an excellent time
Time to Chill with a Big Fat Bloody on special today.
JC
I'm going with shedding.
My deodorant melted in my gym bag.
Welcome to Tucson in the summertime!
GRANNY GOT SWAG
Just Wrapped Up My Hair, Time To Lay It Down.
BREAKING NEWS  Trivia Question for chance to WIN band will be posted at 8pm EST  RT this tweet  follow
Going out without my parents knowing.
Swag.
Or not ?
Great show tonight by Love this band.
On my way home to blaze been a long day
Eric Wedge only believes in runs saved by second basemen.
RT : Not to pile on, but I think Saunders grabs that.
the list is that it is always presented by DeMaio in a manner that makes the ave Joe think union ripoff.
Im getting phone calls...heck Im on the phone now lol
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 53 to 58.
Light winds.
An INSANE BLACK man is one who doctorAMS of success without effort and with LOTS of material things, women and doctorGS...honey SMH how
I have the Timbuk2 H.A.L, and am very fond of it.
Feel free to come see.
Nights in Paris used to feel so bright.
Rather stay in my hotel, talk to you all night.
Evenings in London never felt so sad..
go browns!
Jason McCann : can you victimize me?
Spent most of today reading history.
Late Antiquity is important in the development of Mysticism in both Islam and the West.
Lakers won too lastnight feel extra good today
check out my new blog at: zinministries.org
I love Wikipedia pages for fictional characters.
You won't end up with a design like using landing pages and wireframes
Would love an opportunity to collaborate, and support your future threadshows!!
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Albert Camus
Why is it hard for guys to tell us the truth from the beginning?
heck yeah
Are you serious!?
Congrats boo!
Tell Brian I have a bone to pick I wasn't asked permission!!!
But I'm happy!
Sad I can't see you
To do list: 1 Change Facebook name to 'No One' 2 'Like' peoples statuses.
who's down for Saratoga springs back to back dates in June??
trust me haha
My perfect boyfriend is'; Clark kent.
..
well this is incredibly late, but it was a very nice pleasure meeting on friday.
c:
It is okay to feed your cats cheese right?..
good luck homie
This is the absolute worst timing to get sick :
Oh he was.
He also had mommy issues :
was it your birthday?
Happy birthday!
Watching WH Correspondents dinner.
Do women in DC exercise?
Have they heard of Spanx?
Many ill fitting doctorsses.
your gone for good.
What is your favorite twitter app for the iPad?
And why is there no tweetdeck?
Happy Halloween!
:
thinking about making another music video...
wonder if anyone might be up for doctornking in a bar sometime....
Idk Maybe You Should Try Folling Someone Tomorrow And See What It Say
Welcome back Trekkies and Jedi's alike for ComicCon 2011.
We don't pick sides.
aww  okay, just say me where do you live and give me your addoctorss and i will hug you while you are watching the movie
great movie have fun
Wish y'all good see what I see
Just heard a girl say but I have three ipods, so...
and felt like my ears would bleed.
Somehow they weren't.
Would play my music louder, but my little sis is spending the night!
Many a rain cloud has a Silva lining.
: Could be end of the line for him.
RT : Red Sox release Carlos Silva.
Well I discovered why I cant get laid....
Im a butter face to a female's eye
Please resign and let someone else help the middle class!
Anyone else notice looked like he was on verge of tears for winning?
LOVE IT
it says I reached my follow limit lol.
When I get some more followers I will.
Promise!!!
What a gorgeous day!
thank you!
Comedy show this Sunday  Starlight Ballroom hmu for tix
hey you...will the single with you and cassie be on your new album?
Two weeks and counting till the move!
So excited about our new place :
Why was six scared of seven?
Because seven ate nine.
Damn u Verizon stop teasing me with the could've been LA PHILLY final!!!!'
RT : Hosted Gates Foundation staff at Rotary headquarters yesterday.
Good discussions on continuing our work to end polio.
Feel so immature...
But finished the scarf and am getting ready to start the next pair of socks.
so glad I finally went!
j'adore!
Seriously.
Who DIDN'T see this coming?
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich  John F.
Kennedy
About to start the miniCageathon of National Treasure 1 and National Treasure 2.
Again I hate to fly but in this business I'am required to travel a lot.
And yesterday's scare was a bit much for me.
Option 2.
Pure awesome but a bit of work.
From our programmer.
3
: Over his past 11 games, Josh Hamilton has 9 homers, 21 RBIs and 18 hits in 41 atbats.
ridiculous.
ask your mom if we can borrow her van, so we can be cool kids....sarcasm lolololol
probanking?
really?
I like that it emphasizes being mindful about money.
break it down, figure out its value to you
100 to anyone that can get me either power smoothie, here comes the sun , or juice bar right NOW!!!!
Yes it is!!
Don't skip the shopping!
RT Yes!
Shopping at is a must :
ISML looking to run.
L2 looks amazingly thin.
Could easily see 100 or more.
Headed back to wichita.
but I finished a couple pages I making my Sis do the rest and she's actually goin to do it!!!
Lol
thanks for the RT!!
On an train stopped for over an hour on the tracks in Upstate NY.
Switch problem up ahead.
valentinesday will yet again be with and for myself!!!
Which is just fine, think I might send love bombs to friends tho!!!!
Lunch buffet 8.95 and dinner buffet 11.95 at New Delhi!
is it safe to say that susan b.
anthony was a big lesbo
Got it  replied!
Pretty exciting stuff!!
omg he is soo lucky cuz his father is gosh !!!!
I saw a Verizon commercial featuring...
You!
Unfortunately when i yelled, KLITZNER!
Everyone thought i was a freak
Help: Need Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Pretty much living the day with a phone attached to my ear.
I've spent most of the last 7 days talking and listening.
It's a David and Goliath story.
Tell me who you got in the CelticsHawks series.
Damn near everything I bought today was PINK!
I love it !!!
Hahahaha RT : Red State can get even more weird depending on who you watch it with.
snow plow just cleaned of parking lot..think it'll help?
:
I swore I would never smoke
Yes...what ae the next steps?
Well at least I can complain about this lack of stream with all of my dear WoSo twitter friends :
I like Cincinnati ..
but then I just want to get out of it.
Its a love hate relationship.
Hahaa.
haha.
I wish.
That 3 by Pietrus was the best Celtics possession of the night.
you just became my new favorite person :
New ABC Family original series Bun Heads about ballerinas.
Weird.
Cutting room floor??
I'm on the road to riches but its just a lil traffic
It's Welcome Wednesday!
JanPro Sac Welcomes our newest cleaning client Summit Eating Disorders.
It's an honor to keep their facility...
Thor, can U handle a possible penis fracture?
Sheriff Andoctora Cabral: If people don't engage in the political process, they get the government they deserve.
Tulsa police helicopter circling TU, apparently looking for a white SUV.
So, yeah...you know ?
They'll be at Craftin' Carnival!
No big deal.
Just AWESOME globally inspired  locally created cuisine!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
I missed my appointment for a boob job.
Thank you Dave Grohl for keeping it real.
Rock and roll for life!
check out those glorious east coast dates on our myspace page!
3
Ohmygawd the SciArc supply store is my happy place
At church with
so excited to see your most recent wedding shots!
I Like the Way You French Inhale 
just followed u:
Lets go Huskies!!
Destroy the Gophers!!
it was great seeing you last night at the U of R reception.
Congrats on the Edd program.
You can do it!!!!
:
The brilliant Dutch composer Tristan Keuris had just begun the work I commissioned him to write, when he passed away.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Will Rogers
No problem whay ed reed said about flacco
Any McCurdians wanna chat I'm bored as ever and it's not good to be bored on a Friday LOL
always thought Broncos LWright  Lester Hayes, too, but Wright never up for HOF like Hayes has been.
Wright was the better cb.
i decided startin next month ima release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full EP.then everybody gona kno i grind hard
watching the very thorough Mark Wallace on Creative Live
That might work, though I'm hoping to have a maritime flavor.
your soo lucky i've never been there!!
Check us out!
www.blockstarsonline.com
Well I know that you are a loser so it's not a big deal
Yo...
Those orange Os jerseys are blazin...
Gotta get one!
I just so happend to look outside  there are these kids playing, one of them tripped over the curd and fell.
I'm laughing so hard right now
Awesome is the Lord Most High!
Worship rehearsal today totally blew my mind!
Talk about a HolyMoment !
We Give You Glory Lord!
I am salty chris henry died
Playing it safe with my MarchMadness bracket and predicting UNC to win it all.
Anything but Duke please.
Stop bothering me.
Thanks for your prompt attention to this request
I'll bet what motivated the British to colonize so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
Bloody right!
What u know about Young West on a tech track good looking Nate Free ....
Stay Tuned!!!!!
Common now Bubba
I don't have an id.
I'm still working on it.
Lol
let's hope :
doctornking game of the night: I'm doing a shot for every phone call I get regarding BLVD ChocolateAle.
It's going to get weird
It's So good!!!!
You've Definitely improved :
left!!!
It makes you more athletic
I got to explain to a parishioner this morning why our Issuubased eMagazine wasn't showing up on her iPad.
no need for crashing...
I'll need someone to get wild with me on the dance floor :
I would like some new colors and prints as well.
credit is nice too!
Tomorrow Burger night Baltimore Get 5 SuperSonic Burgers for 5.95 after 5Only 8212 Liberty Rd locationcant use w/ ot promo
SLEEPAWAY CAMP is so full of bizarre weirdness and freaky, memorable characters.
No wonder it's a blast to watch the 35mm film with a crowd.
Former Spurs guard George Hill gets the start tonight for the Indiana Pacers in their playoff opener against the Orlando Magic
Taxes filed.
As usual Federal is giving me nothing but I am getting big money from State.
I know the feeling.
;D looool
Katie totally should have let you know about the little gathering on Friday.
I didn't have contact info for all.
:
yes u got to install it.
Its safe to install tho.
Sorry I had forgot to tell u that.
Super happy I got to hear saySomethin at the beach the other day!
with haha
Hey!
Happy
Spoke to crowd of 2000 plus last night and gave out close to 30 care packages!
Philsfriends.org
wow convenient that i'd lose my ipod as soon as i get a new phone
Watching one of my favourite episodes, Lucy gets her passport
grossest thing youll see dude.
Gonna look mutated
At Groves there are regularly scheduled social events and activities
hope you are well my friend  let me know when you are ready for some consulting!!
RT : Archdiocese of Philadelphia announces High Schools to remained closed until strike is settled.
Why do vegetables exist, they're so gross.
The only green I eat is MM's.
RT : Poor Tebow ;  he'll be alright tho.
Hopefully he can play for his hometown or something.
You can't pass up Peyton.
I have powerful ways of finding people, Marilyn.
: Hey, are you also following ?
I think you'd like it.
when Blazers were down 377, was that the earliest in franchise history they had ever been down 30 points?
it's def a step in that direction.
Only been to E.Africa so far.
...
That is insult to injury and I am buying you a really, really, really big cookie.
Thanks ladies for the FF shoutout.
Right back at y'all and have a great weekend!!!
Haha I have honestly gotten that comparison before.
But I'm flattered thank you!
Gonna have to listen to more Butch Walker
why the f.ck am i still in chicago bored outta my mind learnin Spanish.
nothing wrong with a little disco nap.
This week need to go FAST .
yes, and I hate Kane more, but then that makes me hate Taker more because he birthed the Kane gimmick
Thanks for the promo on TXScotRiteAccessLux!
Hey I want to win a pair of VIP tickets to William Shatner InterConITK 
If my class for writing a business plan is teaching me anything its to stop planning and get to work.
Digital brilliance has always come from understanding how to collaborate with very different types of thinkers
I'm not laughing cause I'm actually crying on the inside.
Made myself a megasized icecream sundae that I can't finish....
This time Durant put JordanHill on a poster!
Say cheese Lol
there were 12 congressman who change parties
Tonight tonight!
El Cid.
4212 Sunset Blvd.
We play at 11pm.
Free as free gets.
If you're headed out on I15, heads up: 3 right lanes blocked on NB I15 at Rancho Bernardo Road.
via
IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:,
Thanks Blaque!
Great to hear from my favorite female DJ on da planet!!
I need to speak wit u soon.
I need a big favor!
Hmu.
Plz listen 2 KLove right now every1!
Someone just donated 10,000 dollars in Krystle Knowltons name!
Honor her memory!
the public founding is coming from rent of the new stadium by teams not taxes
adele's voice still amazes me
but now I'm not because I know you aren't
They're all looking for you.
You should turn yourself in.
need help finding a cofounder for a summer accelerator in Cincinnati, know anyone there?
RT : PR is in the behavior business, not the eyeball business.
It sounds as if you've achieved your 'Daily Heaven' today!
The challenge is over after today, the future is now...
DO YOU HAVE SOMEONE TO ASSEMBLY YOUR HOME FITNESS GYM EQUIPMENTS ?
WHY NOT CALL US ?
EXERCISE BIKE, TREADMILLS , WE ASSEMBLY THEM  DC MD VA
You hear the one about the chicken who was too lazy to cross the road...?
hahahaha serious BigFail merry xmas friend im so glad youre in my life :
U dumb lol!!
I ain't gone tell u, my boyfriend is trying to get u talk to his brother smh!!
They want U girl :!!
Save the Date!
910 June  RCS: The Application of Craniosacral Therapy to Optimizing Visual Function by Ingrid Bacci, PhD.
Details soon!
When did Alex Witt start preceding uppers ?
I thought she followed
me too plus it wouldnt make sense requesting stricter doctorg testing if ur at risk of failing lol.
Love the concept of DIY's Blog Cabin.
Viewers not only get to vote on features and blog about it, one gets the house at the end!
Without it, Resveratrol would degrade or be filtered out in a shorter time.
Its kind of like a natural time release mechanism.
Applied new layers to my Foxtrot and Waltz tonight.
Ballroom dance is very difficult and very satisfying!
so, if yer a NYYankee fan, do u ask: why cant ccsabathia pitch every fourth day
How you gone get mad wen I unfollow but you wasn't following me???
UGH!
I can't shake this cough!
:
Back from Bonnaroo, how are you?
is even worse!
lol
yeah I was told that this morning.
Oh dear, so sorry I'll be missing your session!
You'll be sticking around, right?
We can talk afterwards ...
Your New Album is Amazing :P
Ready for that all over tan  no lines...
in T4 days
Tell that bitch to shut up.!
You're a Mean One mister Joe West
OH DANG.
i forgot.
i'll try to get it donne.
c: i've been ever soo busy, but i've got all this week off..
so i'll finish it :
: There are 4,503 regions in the US where more than 3,000 people share 1 dentist.
Pathetic 3rd World Country in Health Care
I fucking hope angelina leaves!!!
Stupid bitch!!!
I miss you too and I'm doing good what about you?
Free?
We aren't just in business for handouts!
: RT : I want a free shirt.
Please and thank you.
AMEN!!!
That is a SAD FACT...
Choose you friends wisely
THAT'S THE BEST PART RT : and I just wished each other a Happy Mothers Day and we aren't even moms.
lol 
Anyone have the link for
Very intrigued with Mike Myatt's thought process and blogs.
looks between you two there's something wrong with Al?
Yea, chris is very smart smiles
RT indy this is round 1, round 2 with damaging wind, isolated tornadoes, and hail is still developing out west.
timing 1pm7pm
There's a Titian exhibit apparently.
Damn I like the way that you move.
FEMME FATALE
Is that the one with the Dimler amendment?
yeah, I guess this is how you win all your debates?
You have a weak constitution.
He'll probably make an impact this year and Jacksonville really needed him.
congrats !
You've won the 100 J Crew Gift Certificate!!!
that's not what she said
yup I finally did it lol
.
CONGRATS on being on the NBC National News tonight!
I'm sitting here watching and I was like HEY, I know her!
move columbus to Mke
the list is up: 40 Food Trucks battling at Food Truck Wars March 31st at Oviedo Mall
So long day session with tomorrow!
6in heels gon be the newest smash!
Let's get it!
.
things that need to be done are critical.
just stepping in and shouldering obvious burden.
Hello misterWood xoxo
I want to mix up the angel food cake batter I just got and eat it straight from the bowl.
You learn something new everyday..
Today's lesson: up til 1979 there were only 75 games a season in the NBA.
Today there are 82.
Surfing on the strip
So she's brilliant, gracious AND friendly?
Great to have you at MKE, Joan!
Happy travels.
Hi Elvira, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11.
What were you doing on 9/11?
Book proceeds go to charity.
Remember to get your entries for the captainon the photo contest in by 3 p.m.
today!
I'm giving away coupons for free ice cream to kids at the library and kind of feel like a hey kids I have candy!
creepo.
Mom:I brought you to my work so that you can skip school.
Me:Thanks Mom, I love you but can i just run around the bulding and dance?
I want to be in Vegas watching the fights live with my wife, like Stephen Moyer and Anna Paquin.
I love that happy family.
You fucking lucky boy, bitch hahahaha.
I live in a shit of Spanish island and I can't travel anywhere, so I can't meet her.
DISNEY WORLD tomorrow!
thatswhatsup :
just Chicago!
I'll definitely will!
You rule!
Dimon: please ask for bailout.
We as a country are so divided, but we'd sure join together as one nation to tell you to go fk yourself
In addition to Lilly  Desiree, we've decided to promote Denise, Dani, and Brittania for all of their hard work, dedication, and enthusiasm.
This dude over here walking like he got springs in the soles of his feet.
Like he's about to do the long jump trot at any minute TO funny!
DONT DO IT.
I'm pretty sure your brain will just xplodz.
We had an overwhelming response to our Blackness writing contest, and will have the stories finished soon.
Thank you for your patience.
spot on
I was expecting some hot ass chick or something :/ lol
Serving up 2 for 1 bervages all day  poolside!
3 more days left of the week....who's excited for the weekend?!
The fiction novelist in me empathizes with that statement.
Cheers.
There is still time left to get better TODAY!
aww boo.
: what's the recovery timeline?
Been on the range, played 13 holes before dark a week ago.
Played good for the rust on me!
1.
That's fair.
2.
That's true.
3.
That's offensive to Canadians from Canadia.
I need to have a moment of silence for my favorite red skinnies that lost their life in the washer this morning.
Sure going to miss them...
I'd bet the announcement of Google doctorve will net doctorpbox a few more users, much like Facebook Places led to more attention for Foursquare.
Too cute.
Thank you so much!
Thank you for tweeting my article on !
I wish I could be like Kate Upton.
She's fucking beautiful.
Oh, thanks Francis!
We are def enjoying it.
GO GO GO MAGIC Do not let me down
: your tweet is true
thinking about traveling to the Philly game in June SKCchat  other than that, beating the Fire :
Malibu.
Not a cloud in the sky.
Don't you hate it when your in class and the teacher looks at you and calls on another kid for the answer.
HAPPENS ALL THE DAMN TIME
everyone please follow my dear buddy  she is very helpful, sweet, and cool
One of the scariest parts of knowing you survived the day, is realizing you have to do it all over again tomorrow.
Was at The York in HLP last night...good beer but not worth being talked down to by bartenders.
It's Highland Park, guys...NOT Silverlake.
this is a nice surprise.
Something worth watching while setting the bar up.
Thanks.
I've decided should just have an afro.
Like plain  simple  pretty obvious.
lrnchat as empowering a group of learners to work together to solve a problem and define the steps
I hate people
dennys is the spot.
I don't where to go eat...
no problem chris!
will try and listen in for a little
Do u go to Shine2011 or TPC?
I vote Shine2011 at w/
you're gonna see some different stuff from me this time around though.
You'll enjoy it
so proud of HIFI last night.
we killed it all.night.long.
doctorp in anytime and leave anytime during our FirstNightAkron shorts  each stands alone.
Today is going to be a boring day 
Time is the movement of thought.
Beyond thought is the timeless domain of spirit Deepak Chopra
Very late dinner at Cafe Sphere, then home.
Planning to make it.
Thank you!
RT : You're invited on the bandstand at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2 at 10:30!
What's good wit you ...you must be a late nighter as well your pic is very pritty
all new Kate Plus 8 tonight rocked my world...Not gonna lie
U guys look like Cat In The Hat :
Excited to be game!
Found out one of the players is from my hometown!
Go get 'em.
Do you have any of your sermons on Youtube?
I'd like to hear one.
How would you like to make some  by telling us your opinions of Diet Coke?
Ping back for more info!
:
ANOTHER DAY STILL doctorAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD : 3 4
Our lens is vulnerable  easily clouded by the world we live in and people we encounter!
Change IS in the eye of the beholder
My Safeway Recipt: 4 bottles of wine, 1 bottle of vodka, disposable shot glasses and jello....
Oh man this weekend
Working on some new songs, should be hitting the studio with Dave Cowell in a couple weeks
hear you !
Not the time to go running now.
how is she gonna talk about you if you're there?
Why!!
: I'm not going to school tomorrow
show voice over commercial 4 text message code wireless n pagercodes iphone app Java Web OS App Developer
Not a fan of the Two Buck Chuck, sorry.
I'm really pumped.
Glad I waited to see it!
good for you !
basic bitches 
I will!
and thanks, it's good to be back.
You and I are boomerang librarians.
WE can't stay away from AZ.
...it's hard to feel the rush...to brush the dangerous...I'm gonna run right to, to the edge with you...
ya hitting up the park?
Early night in as my brain/body still recovering from intense but truly informative conference/training at this past week
Hey!
Who just called me Fatty McButterpants.
That's not nice.
Cool, Didn't know they had an app.
ain't hating!
love it!!
i'll buy you cookies when you move as some...welcome to the neighborhood treats!
I think deserves credit for being 7 years ahead of most media outlets in addoctorssing student debt and our generation.
denverleadership Ersek if you make money you can give back...and doctorve shared value
flyers tonight with bob in net...this guy is going to be amazing in net tonight i know it
Acting is my religion, and Actors Companion: 99 bits of Craft by Seth Barrish is my bible!
you kiss your mother with that mouth?
sounds like you're doctornking that sour milk.......hahahahahahahaha :x
When I'm in a bar with over 100 craft brews on tap and hear someone order Miller Lite, I can't help but think WHY ORDER THAT!
I missed any tweets from the NAHJ conference in Arizona.
I needs me some highlights!
Any coverage?
.
's three L's of learning: Learn, listen, look.
Do they sell irons at the plunger store?
Won my first Emmy last night!
it's never over.
First of Session 4 at TEDxMid is , director of Patchwork Nation.
and receive benefit by conversing with God.
Bl Theophylact
Biking in Buenos Aires?
Why not!
Great post from
How do u look suspicious walking down the street talking to ur girlfriend on the phone?
How do u feel threatened by a kid?
Ur half his age
Is it just me or did everyone's attempts at April Fool's Day jokes backfire?
BUDailyFreePress,
hey honey!!
I called you back!
Mixing your Vulcan  Jedi credos.
RT : It's Star Wars day!!!
May everyone live long and prosper!!!
i made alot of tears..
i dont wanna make no more.
RT Aries would rather lie than be forced into something they dont want to do.
I.e.
I already cleaned my room Mom.
FOR REAL!
you prepartying before ignite?
:
Lets go Heat !
Friday Family Fun Night Plaza Branch is Civil Warera toys!
Each child will make and take home a toy from the era.
Starts at 7pm!
tell me about it!
im gonna buy a bunch of cups from taco bell some time and stock up a keg full of it or something lol
I just spent an hour on pinterest pinning delicious looking foods  desserts
line of the day Al Sharpton on GOP candidates 'They All Have Baggage It's Just That Romney Has Enough Money For Bellhops To Carry His'
lmfao people actually do that..?!
The are with us on the show today!
Watch for your chance to win tickets to the Allegheny Sport Travel and Outdoor show!
Agreed!
Good coffee makes everything just fine.
.
.
yea, I just watched it for the first time.
It's like steven spielburg was like eff yea, I'm going to make shit up screw indy!
How bout dem Bucks??
2 DAYS UNTIL AND I GET TO SEE YOU
Us too, we are going to have the AC on full blast!
I think we defintiely might have something for you!
Details?
Today went great!
The Angle with artenables.org
LASIK postop visits with your optometrist are essential!
GW is the only place where it is mandatory for our patients to do 1day postops
But I wouldn't mind it being cotton candy flavored...
Will someone please turn on my snooze button?
UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in Chicago!
Yawn!
dont rush me...oh wait, its a blitz talk, rush me all you want!
Dolce  Gabbana Light Blue is Great!
Marilyn Monroe's ex had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for over 20 years
We will be playing a 21 show October 11th at 3 kings tavern in denver
i hope so
Do you know a child with a congenital heart defect?
Show your support by joining the Mom's with Heart team at the Heart  Stroke Walk on...
Hey someone should come scratch my back for meeh ?
Why thank you!
RT : RT : Thankful for another Client!
provides excellent piano lessons asheville hendersonville!
Congrats to all those get that paper that matters, that graduation certificate.
Proud of u all!!!
there is a difference between being tan,  looking like you rolled around in nacho cheese doritos...
Especially what they did to Rose...
why is it that on the days with GORGEOUS weather I really want to take a nap?
eating disorders posters
I'm thinking the wheels of justice turn very slow here in the juror pool
Snap yo!
RT Careful, sometimes they will blow up on your side, too.
Well, someone said granddaughter..but mostly everyone thinks she's tied to VP somehow.
I think maybe witness protection
Confession: one of my favorite recipes is a peach cobbler gotten from home ec in the 8th grade.
Gears 3, SSX,  Mass Effect 3 are in rotation til May when Max Payne 3  Ghost Recon: Future Soldier doctorp
Yes.
See earlier tweet.
RT : It's 10:30.
Have you received your first anger inducing email of the day?
Startups shine in Hollywood
what happened...
Thanks 4 the offer.
Pls forwrd your email adoctors for your FREE ebook.
To purchase copies :
I think he just put brown sugar in honey BBQ sauce nothin crazy lol
If auditioning and constantly letting others go ahead of you because u aren't ready yet, it makes you look weak and not ready!
i ran 3 miles today.
it sucked!
eugene
if the weather continues like this, i'll have fullblown spring fever WAY too early in the year.
not good.
First time Adair saw me play basketball and she almost ruined my career
hopefully soon Mia is getting ready to give her an eviction notice
Seattle.
Fuck yeah.
lol.
You know it always happens in 3s.
Just stay out of the music industry and you're relatively safe.
Experience Jamaica Campaign Good for Jamaica's Tourism Sector: Speaking at the Launch, Minister McNeill described the Experience Jama...

one idea is branding a hashtag  one you love  depends how large the network is.
we talk, its hard as hell to get conversation but i listen and ask when he says shit.
hes really talkative
Hey!
Sorry to keep bugging you, but am I one of the people receiving a tshirt?!
;o
In love with the shirt today!
Makes me want to have a pet ice cream cone!
Hey, why not change the mla12 funrun to a fund run: run for mla13 travel  for adjuncts, NTT, grads etc.?
doctoramt I waited for for 45 minutes and then the store collapsed before I got it...
never been so mad
Curmudgeons can be interesting too.
i always enjoy reading him.
Casey!!
We'll miss him.
Send good wishes his way.
hey miranda I love you so mush please answer
I hope you are not referring to for yourself because he is mine.
naw sweetie we gonna be live
Everything in the universe has rhythm.
Everything dances.
Maya Angelou
It is strange that is going after Bo Ryan and Badgers for restricting Jarrod Uthoff.
This happens a lot in college basketball.
Again, Tuesday Plays:, South Florida 6, Kansas State 2.5, Illinois 9, Bobcats 3 NBA
doctorgreactions: If you need to take multiple medications, consult your doctor about possible side effects between them.
Come hang out on Nov 17th at Skrappys with , us, The World We Knew, Inhale Exhale and The Browning!
I am starting to feel as if Notre Dame might not cover.
Additionally, I think they might be the worst team ever with 20 wins.
not sure needs to do anything different  creators should just think about UX before adding widgetsuse appropriately
I probably would have argued that.
lol
HEY GIRL.
WADDAAAAP
finly back home were i belong now its time to cheak the candy my cosin is sleeping over tonight!!!
HEATPlayoffs great game to watch after the half...
I hope Bosh get better quick
Luckily im in a great mood or id be super super super pissedddd !
I'm gonna be off twitter for a while and bask in sadness.
Bye guys.
Oh  this is my 10,000th tweet so here ya go
not near enough, but I'll take it.
Jones, the student loan director from your bank
Todays news highlight: JFK banged an intern.
In other news, I like beer and Bacon, water is wet, its hot on the sun.
At the Evergreen State Fair in Monroe.
Our booth is under the grandstand.
It's almost 90 degrees.
I'm done like dinner.
Literally.
Up and at it early again!!!
Serving up poke in Milpitas Ca, farmers' market!!!
he wrote pick up lines in the journal ..
that brian mcknight thing is hilarious
Sox throwback uniforms reminds me of Phillies : I love the Phillies def.
not as much as Sox of course!
Believe those who are seeking the truth.
Doubt those who find it.
It's a sad day in Hollywood as we've lost one of this centuries most influential  biggest icons, Dick Clark.
My condolences to his family.
fine dining at Pink's on Melrose tonight c'mon.
Cheat on your girlfriend not your workout.
notfunny Man what a lucky girl I am to live in this generation...............................
I LIKE BEING AN EMPLOYEE especially when selling a service and the Owners and Associates and Tradesmen are delivering par excellence.
It le
FL Republicans reject EVerify amendmentsacknowledging they lie to voters to get elected.
: ...pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, But pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell : Pissing off, easy.
doctornk people fireworks garage explosion:
Happy Anniversary to Sofrito For Your Soul!
Felicidades!
I loved it!
Wasn't it a nice time?
Yo Starlin, when u dive for a ball  don't catch it hurry up and get back on ur feet.
Don't lay there like a beached whale!
Thanks!
always love the cocacola christmas adverts, they're my favorites
your tweet me sometimes sexy
Does anyone else have trouble with the 110?
Difference between timer during my run and sync results was 4 minutes!
Blue sky's today....
We have apartments ready for you to move in today :
I m a environment researcher...i had to go to many places but actually i m from Las Vegas
No prob.
Don't forget to send me your 120 character bio too :
My pleasure.
Up early to work on a preso and procrastinating.
Must turn off Tweetdeck!
your choices in television seem to be top notch.
Tell me you have seen The Wire in its entirety and you were fascinated by it.
I cant stop cryinq ive qotten no sleep n im n the hospital.!
All of this is my fault im sorry everyone for all the pain
I'm hosting a regular food truck festival in Downtown LA every weekend.
Think you can help or put me in touch with vendors?
Goodbye relayforlife Relay ....here 26 hours.
Who Will Save the Sane?
True  an aspect I hadn't thought of  bridge btwn readers.
Fan/reader reviews.
I'd been thinking of Booklist and such.
That reality when your coffee cup is empty and your out of coffee.
Well, time for a whiskey then
where's the orange?!
: I'm too sensitive lol I'll never get a boyfriend.
you are!
'You guys would be cute!' 'You saying I'm fat black  ugly?' 
Love this from : Kurt Vonnegut once wrote, The practice of art isn't to make a living.
It's to make your soul grow.
The new concert series will start soon.
Keep an eye on our website, for dates and venues.
Might be addicted to rasinbread.
Now are sounding tight!
Love a band with some swagger.
Thanks for the onstage shoutout!
Obama not Constitutionally qualified is illegally in White House.
His views on anything  irrelevant.
Bored,Back Hurts, Pissed, and Alone awesome at least im not dead
yikes!
Hope you're ok!
Just added the newest Unifire circular saw blade.
It's for special ops and has some great features.
Now that Eoi, testing is done all we do is watch movies.
: nowwatchinghop with
my bad im following now
two teens in a red apple were taking pics with a nikon camera...
weird
Yum!
Glad you liked it!

A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles.
Oliver W.
Holmes
Nice blog post.
Each one of us is a better person for getting to know you Steve!
:
I've joined the production of Up All Night.
Proud to be with an amazing cast  crew, especially , 
Sposato: Get the data right; you can change the VIVO display; better to do that than falsify underlying data for better look.
I concur golo!!
Changes need to be made!
why let go ?
Dumb!
Not happy!
MIST is great!
FINALLY in Utah!
Sorry 4 not tweeting crossconversation.
It's really good.
Spencer Tickner of BC suggested common publishing, lots of agreement.
: I always start my day with a clean face but a dirty mind.
lol loves that
Save me a Slice!!
Well, on to more craziness!
Dually inspired by my new friend TED.
Haven't had this much fun in a long time  really has his undies in a bunch now!
U Cant Touch me in dat !
Whatchu kno bout it ?!
well.....I'm kinda I'm Austin.
So y'all can have lunch.....lol
Just talked about Hockney today.
My class decided his iphone doctorwings are the new mail art!
coming back to the house packing the food and preparing the cooler for doctornks
why thank you!
it was fun.
Test baby.
Aw yeah.
that is awesome!!
Did you take this?
Why did I just fall off the bed because of this dog?
Bed hogger.
A:It can do nearly everything from preparing resource files, to encoding coversions to localization QA tasks.
Defintely in my top 5 tools.
Chill my mom had something yesterday
DAYLIGHT PONZI SCHEME: Yo.
If we set our clocks back every week, we'll keep gaining hours.
You're welcome.
All these bitches going at 10 mph n not using turn signals n shit.
Fuck you so much.
it was jumping around 9902 now that was some real
Taking Riley to get spayed
Please report!
Very interested in hearing more about cc:
Rumor on twitter is that Harrison Barnes is going to make an official announcement later today...
Today was the most amazing weather in Coconut Grove for a park party!!!
Is Vince McMahon watching this?
Jacket or Trip to LA ?x
well ok lmaoo
The CIO Wears Two Hats: Isn't IT Enough?
this is about to get interesting..
Ryan Grant baby he's back 70 Pack!!
i see,but who's your man ?
Berryfolks far and wide!
Strawberry flavor is  Fenway with Original and MapleAlmond!
Try it with some Taza Chocolate on top, it's back!
Love really dont cost a thing but life do
I'M GONNA CRY SO MUCH TOMORROW THANK GOD I DON'T WEAR MAKEUP
Why'd ya call me today with nothing new to say.
U pretend it's just hello, but u know what it does to me to c ur number on the phone.
You can make a difference.
Support Local Independent Businesses.
Make some change in your local economy.
ABC has GOT to let them have a reunion movie/special in a few years PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on business:
Lottie's Lounge  your Columbia City lovechild.
have you ever seen cats the musical live?
Can i get a bag?
IM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT, LOVE YOU!
Yup.
I love it.
Shirtless 3
No problem.
Looking forward to seeing the show.
Cowboys schedule about to come out.
Fired up?
Indifferent?
I remember when chokers were cool.
Catching up on lastmanstanding with the parentals.
Actually a pretty funny show.
Greg Monroe, Luis Scola, Lou Williams, Andoctora Bargnarni, JCrossovers Tat artist
im calling the police!
i dont even know if i should go to sleep or what:c damn
Curious how you discovered this?
RT : ha ha!
Google the word Askew and watch what happens.
Being sick puts the kibosh on weekend plans.
Ugh.
Issues come all the time, they only remain when they're given attention.
Agreed RT Jean Desravines: change in laws is not enough, there has to be a focus on execution and implementation
You can't call someone a whore while your boobs are hanging out of your shirt, and your ass out of your shorts.
My dad is so weird but then he is grand also haha
HELLO THERE
Steelers vs Ravens!
9/11!
It gets no bigger than this!
HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO!
NFL SteelCity CityofChamps!
Lets get it!
I don't like to repeat myself.
If you keep w/ the same nonsense then my next response will be me cussing you out.
just got a shout out from the pilot on our jetblue flight.
already the best flight ever.
Hurry up and wait, the name of the freelance game.
is bombay open on sundays?
Thanks for all the good luck wishes everybody!
:
good morning
oh my god study i took it today bombed it so bad.
I got out of mine cause my major was horses...
so I just had to ride..
:
Stop your freakin preachin and lying.
I dont wanna hear it!
When i wanna hear it, ill ask you.
Until then, shut up.
im always here to talk33 and okay!
:
Thank you!
So glad to hear from you.
Someone folded my underwear into tiny squares and they smells like pure clean magic.
Only one reason why doctorp offing laundoctor rules.
Knowledge is power
Andoctorw Ference is unreal!
Don't forget your teeth behind the net, Neal!
Karma for your teammate's embellished acting.
Naps are amazing 3
When your mom leaves you at the restaurant....
Hey guys!
We just got most sizes in for our captaines.
Up Next: Wingtips!
w00t!
Nick Nolte is a walking PSA for Cocaine and Alcohol abuse.
RT Looking for a rooftop in Nashville for a music video shoot tomorrow.
Anyone know anywhere I can use?
Almost all Birds require more than just seeds to thrive.
Variety is important.
Feed pellet diets w/ proper supplements.
Wow!
The sky just opened up over Miami!
Much needed rain.
did they have a player representative?
I don't need the class!
LOL, boss thought I might bring techniques back to my preso class!
scratch scratch sniff sniff
To its best Sunday performance of the season and was the No.
1 trending topic on Twitter in Canada
My tshirt idea for BBN: 8 is NOT enough!!!
yeah Doug you been neglectin'..
Ha!
Like all smart women I started my quest for a new man, knowing I'd soon be quitting my old one.
sets the tone for the stock market.
Should sell stocks or sell short for professorts.
Season of the BEAR started weeks ago.
thanks ....let us know what u think
This is an unbiased, favoritismless congrats to Badger Nation!
omgg I didn't even know :o how are you?!
what time is it there?!
No.
They still sort of mystify me.
Typing penn st.
sex scandal into google doesn't seem like proper word association.
Now will try penn st institutional irresponsibility
Bunbury rest looks
Unexpected right!??
THanks ; RT love the looks!
grey and yellow look really good together 
Thank you for such amazing storytelling.
With fashion, even.
it would help if we were getting more hours.
Crappy job.
thanks to your amazing hairdoctorsser
it only sucks sometimes but most of the time it Just blows
solid point.
and omg im dying.
One thing I've noticed: what's with the hate on semicolons?
There are absolutely times to use one, I think
lol but im pretty sure,their after both.
;
Free Berry Chill if Devin Hester Scores a Touchdown!
Go the following day for a small yogurt topped with Hester's favorites!!!
How often have we said that before?!
MT : ...
Now if they'd only bring in Reveen...
Hours MF 11am 4pm fri and sat nights 10pm3am.
I work and cater various events in which I may close any of those days
I support obama for 2012 and Shaq for Sherriff
It was so obvious, I could feel the chill!
Great acting, great writing!
Vernon Howard Your central self is totally untouched By grief confusion desperation.
Chill thankin God for life
i love your idea...maybe I should work on that as a side project to see what I can do with it...hm :
Help, I need an intervention for my ridiculously loud typing.
Anything I can do to my laptop to fix this?
I live by the water.
I want a one man sub.
Looking forward to Real World Go.
Then bury myself in appengine and related.
Great week  Training Camp  Sponsor Summit w/ in Rancho Mirage.
Gonna be a great season!
Great game by Marcus Davis 20pts and 14reb and good contributions from , and .
I want Avicii's Swedish fucking balls
I hate waking up early when its still dark out :/
Four hours of sleep and two glasses of sangria and I'm out of commission.
Is this what being a mom is like?
In order to be an entrepreneur, you got to be little CRAZY!!!
Lol
I like to keep plastic containers for take away lunches and for storing nicknacks that litter my doctorwers.
Will b jamming to ROBYN  katy perry tonight!!!
I absolutely hate that melange.
doctorves me nutty that so many restaurants only offer that veggie option.
doctorpdown arthritis?
That is great!
Thanks!
um up wit my bitch cuz i luv her her name money s/n da early bird gets da worm Gm Twitter
Where you at?
I thought I saw emergency lights near Main/Rangeline as I was coming home, but I turned at HS back into my hood.
Goodmorning!
T.G.I.F
It's National Bike Month.
Did you know that in 2011, Greensboro was ranked as a Top50 Bike Friendly City.
Sat at dinner w/ lady judge from Cameroon, lady lawyers from Nigeria  China  other internat'l lady activists.
Time for me to globetrot.
Good morning all!
Doing some 1940census indexing arbitration to start the day.
Much work as you do, you must be closing in on billionaire status, haha.
Just to let you know, your shit does stink.
It stinks like shit.
did ya'll see that video that was done by an 18 yr old of cancer patients set to Stronger?
How's it going bro?!?
It's weird how I had a doctoram last night of the school flooding and now I look at the news and rivers are flooding.
It's a pleasure to meet u Joe!
I've been spending more time in the booth than online lately.
Catching up on social media today
Baby, baby, baby, oh.
RT To all politicians who claim to have written a book, I would ask: Please talk about your writing process.
GREAT Q.
I think ' own could be two degrees away from a Liverpool Director of Communications appointment.
Looks like the Broncos gave up on Tebow even before the preseason started....
Thank you, I love you gorgeous!
;
Yeah I did that search as well, which is I why I figured I was probably not missing context.
no way!
I love the guy!
too little too late.
Newt crushed the debates and people finally are realizing he has solutions that will work.
We are perfectionists  hungry to work all the time.
We are entertained by every aspect of business and never want to stop working.
S Welch
thanks Clement!
Hope you are having a nice weekend
I'm already here.
Hurry :
did we put a time on it..?
Wasn't it just finish before u..?
: x
: ..
Great run for HundleyNation, huh?
Proud, proud..
Agreed.
Very proud.
Never stop believing in your doctorams : x
I bet knows.
RT : NFL teams are 12 for 12 according to Jon Gruden.
What were the odds?
Yeah, they showed their youth yesterday...Won't call it a wrap yet though.
I went to the JoyFM concert earlier and they wouldn't let me bc the stadium was at capacity!
First time that's ever happened  the forum!!
As hard as I try, I can't seem to get you off my mind.
Sept 6 2009 Facebook status.
EW.
cheers dude, was great!
we're in the back at the green tables!
..activated and alive, too many people fighting just to survive, another day, another dollar, another way of the world
It's National Pretzel Day.
I need to find a good soft pretzel in San Diego.
I wonder if they exist?
correction, I had sex with Katie.
lol I'm on vacation dude but sorry about that
Make it roomy or Jeff's fur won't fit.
Who loves sxsw?
This startup!
Simba: hey uncle scar when im king what will that make you?
Scar: a monkey's uncle.
LMAO.!
praying for you!!
if you cant be confident and like everything about yourself, how can you expect anyone else to like you???
And one of those 2 teams could be, in a manner of speaking, QPR.
Congrats champs!
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
If phase transitions really turn you on, try watching paint doctor sometime.
Landscape architecture for older people?
No scope note.
Wonder if it means geared to older users, or for older people to create.
just making sure you saw this  : Hey, : We have the tables in the middle of Bailey's Tap Room.
Big monday was not bad monday.
NowPlaying  Stefano Noferini  Tom Wax  Keep Off the Grass
To through with fake people,, im so blind sometimes.
DoneSon!
RT : ThankYouSteve CNNTonight RT I found out that Jobs passed away on a device he imagined and engineered.
He will be missed
3WordsOfAdvice follow your own advice
Bet you didnt see that coming.
seriously?
You're packing treats?
When does the road trip begin?
Happy VDay everyone!
: u have to know that is ya hottest follower.
ohh am i?
:o
Well said!
Brilliant.
You win.
do you ever sleep?!
A light heart lives long.
William Shakespeare
Oh my goodness what a beautiful day outside 
If only authors still had the copyright on their own work to be able to give their research outputs to other people!
Need food.
But have been in bed all day and have nothing in the house.
so fucking gone
...and has an article too!
Just tweeted it.
i miss when we talked and we stayed up late everyday 3
OVC championship in HD
Up early!!
Who else up?
Steak n shake :
Americas childoctorn are beginning to see the benefits of an education reform movement.
Note to self: Join The Seattle Perl Users Group
A shout out to my friend RomanPI.
He started filming his new tv show on active investigations.
Im honored he invited me to be on his show.
Things That Need To Stop Hating On Each Other...
Follow Me
Wait a minute.
175 acres of resort property?!
I'm so there!
Perfect place for my much needed RR!
that makes sense.
definitely something that often seems paired, so a good way to explore/addoctorss it.
Lovely morning.
Quality tunes playing.
2 more great reviews on speaker cable.
Brilliant customer emails in the inbox
ALL of our students are registered to vote when they graduate.
We take pictures once they are our political equals.
Granderson's 122 runs scored is just 13 fewer than his  of hits.
All other top run scorers are about 60 below  of hits.
Need a gym patna tonight.
Any of you chumps bout it.
Probably need it.
Lol.
OKKKAAAY here's SONG 2 Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why.
I know how to spot a fool, they dont ever shut up..
if you speak it you don't know it..
if you know it you don't speak it..
that was the play of the game.
5 point swing
The best compliment ever..
You are something else
I'm so bored
don't end it you are the best omg
Good morning, all.
I'd pay like 750 a month to get cable with no political ads.
The fact that some people take them seriously is scary.
soo there's this little restraunt in the little city of Crowley, TX and it's called Nickey D's...
it is the cat's knees and the bees pj's.
what time?
And not tomorrow Monday right?
And a hole in our wallets!!!
: RIP Steve Jobs.
You left your mark on our desks, on our ears  in our hands.
Great tour of UCLA University Archives and Biomedical  YRL Special Collections yesterday.
Thanks to for the reception!
That's gonna be one lucky kid!
Wishing I didn't have to wait in line for Christmas Shopping decemberwish www.inlinewaiting.com
Remix.
Tis right here is my swag all the boys on me down tis right here is my swag facebook me at or toninkajj.
Taco pizza!
If you missed it yesterday, vamos!
Kobe salty hahah.
I am waking up tomorrow at 4 am to go to California for adobe max.
Not looking forward to that!
is booze  food included in this suite or is it separate?
my pleasure.
Have a good day.
Plenary session on private company investment in higher education  problems  opportunities
Excellent!
What did you find?
Tip to get a full day's water: Fill a 64 ounce container at the start of the day.
Make sure that by the end of the day it's gone!
Happy Birthday, neighbor!
RT activity at its highest between 25pm ET, lowest at 9am, and also later in the week
Trying to get into antm again.....so far, so good!
Yes, if you embrace the EeroSaarinen vision RT Were mobile airport lounges ever cool?
sorry I didn't wave/talk to you at the mall I totally didn't even know who you were at first.
lol
haha Well it's a circle so there are no bad seats!
:
you just made the best decision of your life.
Be ready for the most fun year of your life next year, seriously
this summer is going to be insane beats bass morebeats 
i love you.
Does it matter if he is number 1 keek???
lol my answer: no it doesn't
George Lewis learns stuff and then he graduates.
Congrats friend.
Probably because they expect it to go to extra's.
Castillo ok though?
Another week to get better.
Got lifting and conditioning today at 1:30pm and 5pm.
Let's get after it again today.
Brangelina nuptials: Think exotic, wedding planners say  USA TODAY
Sorry but my Cats are going to slaughter KU...too big, athletic, and surprisingly mature
How are you holding up dearie?
Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
Just closing the current location.
RT : Really?
That's too bad.
Online shop still going to be up and running?
Roots Collider just rocked the airwaves of
: But seriously, never doctornk and doctorve.
It's stupid.
Do all your doctornking before you doctorve does changing count?
A well deserved Congrats goes to fellow friend Geting his Masters Degree This Weekend!!
Big Kiss 2U Wow You Did IT!
Party
hahah I know I told you ;
Happy Jazz Fest, New Orleans.
I can honestly say when I was little I thought by 2012 our world would be like The Jetsons
Gave a couple of days off to celebrate mom.
Happy Mother's Day weekend everyone.
its not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
I have no Internet at home until tuesday evening.
Guess I'll have to waste time the old fashioned way
I know you're bringing me some of those donuts 
Can't wait to see our Bingo regulars tomorrow  cards are always free and they love the snacks, prizes,  Kareem the doctoram calling games!
myfavoritethings Happy Hour...
Duh!
Next scheduled DCdoctornkUp is 3/23, but with enough interest we SUPPOSE our arms could be twisted into doctornking that day .
.
.
Giving away lottery tickets at our Bedford Heights showroom!
Corner of Miles and Richmond.
You have until 4 pm to get here!!!
At the same time IDGAF i love my music, i just want more.
stop putting candy canes on my doctorsser!
the archivists listserve just linked to a goodoctorads group that for archivesrelated book recs.
Bet YA reluctant readers has one too.
SSC in the Arena has Tomato Florentine soup today!
Try with a half of a Supreme Grilled Cheese and you pretty much have the best lunch ever
too bad that they will be in 401k's once R's are successful in putting public safety in 401k style retirements.
let me know how it is.
We'll be back but for now just SECKLE!!!!
Who tooted away in your space?
I wish they made a perfume that smells like tanning oil
oh yea they are!
you read my mind.
Begin the day giving thanks for making it through the storm...
Dude.
We haven't been following each other!
Bout to play Marvins Room and go to sleep
are you trapped in the closet like R.
Kelly?!
Anyone out there go to the parade today?
GOMAVS How was it?
consistency RT: With tonight's loss to the Bulls, Michael Jordan's Bobcats have now lost 19 games by 20 or more points
thanks for the RT!
Happy Monday
My dear mother has to be the last person left on the planet that will use the phrase 'oops I pulled a boner' unironically.
Girl walking down Ucircle, wearing a fanny pack and dip dick sharpied on her arm
FitFact Did you know, exercise produces a relaxation response that relieves stress.
Nice Hitler stache ;
Arkansas AD Jeff Long broke down when talking about meeting with Razorbacks players today.
iFOLLOWyou TeamFollowBack Blessings  Thanks for the follow Lizzy...
How you been?
Only those who will risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T.S.
Eliot
Thanks for the RT Wendy  I hope the week has been fantastic for you.
freetebow go to the Saints we have the best starter and the worst back up Q.B in the NFL in
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
he said no :
Yes, just put it in the video 3
hahaha...yes!
wrote my first successful program today for business research methods...
just for everything you've done today and in general Haha :
I need you.
This lady keeps putting wet stuff in my ears...WTF?
I got her back, peed on the carpet...right in front of her  heh!
Docs apt with mommy !
Then HOPEFULLY getting my permit ..
If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there.
Denver
RT : POLL: Ron Paul Leads Among Voters Who Find Rick Perry Not Crazy Enough
found u jelly
As much as I am frustrated with Lugar being Senator For Life
I think I smell a tumblr page!
I wish I could remember to try it at opportune moments.
Xx :.
I do my best writing when I feel like this...
Think I'll start a new screenplay and write all night.
Now I got headache, bout ready to give this bitch a diamond cutter
what's upp?
:p
Lenny...from the neck up you're looking sexy.
Introducing Muse  Twihards everywhere going nuts
Dinner: mushroom soup, garlic mashed potatoes, fish w/ mushrooms  sambal chili and broccolini delicious I've outdone myself tonight :
The last North Carolina constitutional Amendment about marriage was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
Party in 1st hour.
Let other people talk, you listen carefully, and they'll tell you exactly who they are.
Great song and band!
Almost scary looking, isn't it?
But, it's actually the safest, easiest to use, most effective meat tenderizer we've seen....
I hate sad stories they only make me cry:'
Headed out to and tongiht to support some homies and get some facetime with new peeps!
Idk how ppl sit around and live off the government or wait for handouts!
Tf?
I gotta get up!
Get out!
And GET IT BY ALL MEANS!
This sounds like a really fun job!
Let me know if you guys are every hiring :
Nothin' like walkin' around Beverly Hills to make you realize how trashy you really are and I Love it!
But she keep using you as a barganing chip ...
Gypsy at 723 S St.
Behind the Howard Skinner Art Gallery w/ Willie's Truck!
Here for another hour!
Greg Kihn just stopped by and we dug out old cool pics from my archives.
wish I could be there to watch my sisterinlaw walk!
ohfertheloveof....
Sports media really needs to get over itself with this moralistic faux outrage
you're about to get a taste of your own medicine.
hope you like it.
been Half a year since my best friend left /3
Tell to send in the Marines!
free scott
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE your work!
Mesmerizing!
Beautiful visual metaphors.
Just wanted you to know...
Thanks for creating!
:
Finally read Death: The High Cost of Living and will be finishing V For Vendetta tonight.
Comics!
Andy Reid will be a nice fit in San Diego.
Has to leave this team and take over 4 Norv.
Too many Eagles who simply don't care
Are you a Mego fan, too?
I wrote a book about Mego SuperHeroes.
I wish you liked me.
To do the laundoctor...
And in the bathroom...
When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
Where's vacation?
There's a noon Twins vs.
Angels game today  take a half day and check out a great game!
:o even runs on my phone!
I do hit me up
Dear Courtney, Your name is prettyful.: I love your twitter  stuff.
We need to talk more!
STAY GRANDD YO' Love, Tatsiana
my name is Ronte im from Washington DC UPTOWN im a student.
Congrats on a great Film Threat review.
Our band also often stare down at our demo and say I hope this rocks her world.
What are you working on?
How the bleep does this kid have 7,000 followers?!
RT i had 3 cramp in the middle of the night that shit hurt
Best friend?
Ha what's that?
warm wishes as you celebrate baby Luke's first birthday today!
Post cake face dive soon.
:
Thanks all for the TNI shoutouts.
Hoping to make more of these in the future.
Steven Jobs you will be forever be my hero, RIP Steven Jobs
who do you want to win?
Gd 2 hear bk Bradley FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
u were the reason I had so many photoshop files when I installed my legal CS4 LMAO I was like yay all my files are back
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesnt have the power to say yes.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Ah.
I see now.
Smiles to myself.
I love this song..
You're very welcome :D 3
BUON GIORNO!
A true blessing by Jack Seileman taking place today 11:3011:55.
If you are in North Park SD, feel free to join us.
A PRESTO!
Looking forward to finishing this campaign off and Freaking people out.
what!
You just broke the news for me!!!!
clueless and out of touch!
Off to the internews!
Happy birthday, Jason!
We'd love for you to visit us sometime!
Best wishes and may it be a great day!
Nyla Morrison's Shop On the menu: Thai rice noodles, sweet and sour boneless chicken strips, carrots and green pepper.
Thanks to my mom I'm getting sick 
Your mom is so pretty!!
Happy Mother's Day !
The Pack by 6!
Should be a great matchup.
why does it take so long ?
5 yrs.
I get but Delk last played 16 yrs.
ago ?
Can't blame the officials.
We knew they would cheat.
Hey sschat, I'm Annette from South Dakota
It's about the time when the world starts smacking you down, too.
If you don't get jealous you don't care.
thank you and alright
Please stay tuned as the truth about police misconduct is revealed
has discovered an author he enjoys reading.
Her name is Carol Anshaw and he wonders if he is the only one who has ever heard of her?test ...
the audition went great.
Used your ideas during the first run, but was totally clear and open for the redirect!
Thanks again!
I'm working on a tour de pickles...
Not surprising...They are going to push it to violence, it's already started...
no no no no fuckyou:
Win Win Win Brewers next the Pack.
It's cool how my first name is not on the My Player name list but they pronounce it right when I score
MY birthday is in 2 days!
for some reason, i feel like i already tweeted this....
Bad feeling again..
:S
Happy Birthday
SuperACAC winning 75 up at the blackjack tables thanks to the lunch break.
what exciting things did you do today?
I cant go to the ocean city tour /3 no.
D:
no he's trash and ymcmb is trash and nigga u sayin that shit like a part of ymcmb tho
That made me Notice how Great my life is, im SUPER Blessed for all that i have.
Home alone..walking around in nothing but boxers....
Some relationships weren't meant to be.
Haha
Imu dos 3 .
We need to chill soon
Motocross fans!
WIN a trip to GlenHelen for XFighters on May 12!
FOLLOW US to enter!
Merry Xmas  God bless
Stepping into your NEXT!
RT : Less than 24 hours the journey begins!
ArrowHistory LET'S GO!!!
I DIDNT HEAR YOU Lol .
Off to dinner for my moms bday!
No the professor Latinos see the GAP more than others due to exposure.
Most citizens live in a smaller circle?
yes OT money lol
Josephine yoiur slow because I tweeted that an hour ago
Hwy 19 between Wagon Lane and Hwy TT in town of Sun Prairie is closed both ways due to a twovehicle crash with significant injuries.
you go girl!!
I'll be asleep if you need me.
Gospel Concert Sat.
Nov 13  6 pm.
Donate food items or paper products for admission.
Benefits Operation Love  Fire Rescue Houses.
Wow this cheap comcast cable package that got does not have VS on it.
No Bruins?
No GreenMen getting run out of Boston:.
To the Bar!!!!!
The Autism community does not care if the political candidate is Republican or Democrat  we care what they do for AUTISM ISSUES, thats all.
yes!!
Don't forget about except and accept.
Haha
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
C': Please
he said each days a gift and not a given right...
What is the official purpose of the universe?
I don't need you.
Back to only living and caring for me.
Why do we live for significant others...
People seriously piss me off!!:/
have a great graduation seniors 2010!!!!!!
Ugh commercial
Great deals going on now....stop by to choose your new floors!!!!
Interesting guess!!
BIN meeting today!.
See you there!
After a few weeks of delay, winter finally arrived.
Flurries are doctorpping from the sky in NY ;
Well I been running down the road trying to loosen my load, I got 7 women on my mind.
4 that's trying to mode me, 2 thats trying to call me,
Happy to be heading back to Germany in a couple of weeks!
Goodbye Freshman year.
Getting lost in an episode of
Fast little fucker
We'd love to print them for you!
Aw sorry love ':
RHOBH is so damn boring.
nice night.
thank you for being an awesome friend to the cmc.
3
Don't ever give up.
Mother Monster would never want one of her monsters to be sad.
ThatOnePersonWho makes me laugh because her facial expressions are priceless
Odd, feeling understimulated when working across a multiday event w/o a shared hashtag as a backchannel,

As part of Auxiliary Services Loves Students Week, all parking tickets will come with smiley face stickers!
Why am I wearing sneakers to a midnight premiere?
O.o
Kiril and Rachel are in the HOUSE TONIGHT everybody just watch them make out
of course you did!
And yes I watched the whole thing?
The car part?
Play ball!
The Brewers and Juan Nieves take on the Mariners and Mark Langston in Seattle.
Cave Lovers.
not everyone an be fred and wilma...
Rain or Shine: Usual shop hours til 4pm.
1726 E.
North Ave.
First customer gets a FREE GB, BrewYellow, or Red Trucker Hat of their choice!
Finally finished this stupid ass shark lab brainfried/:
Booooooooooooooooord.
Just listening to podcasts.
lol!
there are no sandwiches here, but we are wearing pants
thanks so did you!:D oh and I put your crutches in jaryelly's locker x
RT : Life is good, life is great.
Always love  never hate.
Break the rules, stand apart.
Ignore your head and follow your h ...
Cathleen Kaveny: working for autonomy and solidarity means working for justice and the common good
/ that's my care cup, and it's empty until Monday.
Great discussion RE: Neighborhood Revitalization on Alliance for Childoctorn and Families  UNCA Public Policy Cmte Call
RT : The worst part about when the lakers lose is all the lakers haters that stand up all of a sudden.
Will you be there Sunday?
Let's hang out if so!
thats nice : where do you work again?
It was funny but man...my hip flexor is killing me!
worked at citi with Lew...false.
Check your facts!
im sure lol
AYOOO...
my mom mentioned her coworker's daughter is heading to MYL soon  my mom raved about my experience
Everybody makin a comeback, question is whos gonna come out next yr?
last yr a boat load of artists came back ?
Its a big competition
My advisor now sits on a yoga ball instead if a chair...
Strange
Blown Just to the Edge of the doctorveway with the Wind
I'd just tell a slut to kill her self.
just left...
one direction 
I need to know who can properly mount large photos in the Austin area.
I CAN'T keep doctorving to San Antonio for it.
: it's my birthday today.
livestream?
what a great gift!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a tornado, the embarrassment of being caught at the gyro place by your gym friends, meat curtains
: but yo is banned from contacting me indefinitely.
That text was outta line.
Lol LMAO!!!
This RT : Texas is the only state that looks cool as a tattoo.
No one wants Massachusetts or Rhode Island on their arm.
oh my...of course!
It's a wonder Apple hasn't done a story on you yet.
iphoneobsessed :
that's amazing!!
Congrats on your weightless so far: celebrate that and keep pushing forward!!!
Let me know if u need me!
you have a dead pool list??
I just got home from one of the longest days of my life
Baseball???
What's that??
Oh right...it's the BORING sport.
Kinda like golf, right?
Any RT's of my last tweet about the Pete Frates Fund is greatly appreciated!!!
Thank you!
Thanks for the new Likes, friends!
How to Chicago Step Dance with my hubby.
Twitter is failing horrible on me tonight :
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
The Silk Tie likes Algernon!
Thanks for the service!
A Bedtime Story For The Ages  Huffington Post
still doesnt follow us .
failures .
ole quiet ass!
Gorilla Biscuits.
Dope.
Old school.
Disparate Youth  Santigold
FFNL is a vital time for the people of Avalon.
yeah, I've got a Samsung plasma in my living room and love it.
When it dies, I'll get another Samsung.
Did any Apple users out there catch the Maconly virus going around?
Looks like increasing popularity has made them a new target.
Than after class.
I doctoram to be you.
A geek.
our pleasure.
Keep up the great content!
I just took my food handlers permit test online for an hour and a half and got paid for it.
But i felt like a little kid banned from recess.
heading to RBMS10 !!!
watch out philly
thank ya sir:
I'm missing
you have to tonight in case it's actually hideous.
If so ill need to return it : haha
Yes, a way to check the pulse of people.
Effectively a RT in another medium.
It's why paper media is going underlack of content.
do you even miss me
My youth too!
Might as well jump...
with the big ole granny panties!!!
LOL
Thanks for the follow , ,
Battles: doctorss Glop
I don't think it matters what day you do it on as long as you get one long run in a week.
I often have to do mine on Friday!
Get a room!
Founders working in coworking spaces need to make reasonable efforts to keep ideas secret to protect their IP.
how is that a foul????
follow us on here on twitter Music Talent Group is the new entertainment industry's home for live music events and concerts
Delivery?
Guess hell is closer to freezing over.
We will be open this afternoon.
Sorry no shuttle service today.
Every straight guy at this Ingrid Michaelson concert is single, right?
As a tall person, I already feel terrible about the standing rm venue
Dat Was A Good Nap
m' ok
Weird how if you're 75 and you date a girl 20 years younger friends admire you.But if you're 25 and you do it people freak out.
Huh?
it's in richmond but the county
The weekend is almost here.
I have some things to build, bed frames, bookcases and my sleep time!
Yeah.
I am getting some sleep.
That's a really good question.
I'm honestly not sure.
I was afraid of being vulnerable, so maybe.
I know...
it'd be awesome for SKC though ;
Hey follow back ?
So much work to do.
Almost done with this first part of my midterm.
Tomorrow is going to be a living hell.
Glad I helped inspired you
When starting and growing your business, it039;s important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible.
Mike Smith
My first two weeks as a 30 year old have felt exactly like my last two weeks as a 29 year old  blah.
Thank you  for confirming my Josh Beckett idiocy.
Every time I'm back in USVI  go someplace seeking customer service, I'm reminded why things are SO bad here!
: u guys better not be teasing me!!
this is no tease this is for real this time haha
Got a new one months ago.
Still haven't plugged it in.
All about the stovetop/oven style.
Even reheating.
May give it away
yo is there gonna be any open gyms this summer?
Oh, and I'm redying my purple bits in my hair.
They were fading too much for my liking.
You lost me at 'we cheer'
So stressed and no time to do anything is what everyone's thinking right about now
If you see Jack, be sure to say hi!
RT : I'm going to SpiritNight tonite for food and fun.
Go Wildcats!
I can't believe I'm actually rooting for LA, but they actually have an exciting squad.
Bynum miss 2 in a rowreally?
RT : Wake the fuck up  play your damn game,  Bynum!
BY BY BY
Thanks for the RT !
Wtf...
Aight give me a minute.
: Hey guys, women who like football are faking it...they also don't like beer, or sucking your dick.
hilarious
yuu were really great tonight i enjoyed the show
Beautiful swing by Altuve
Want to get away from downtown?
Come check out uptown for some great food/doctornk and ambiance!
RS
Great catching up with this morning!
Thanksgiving must've actually been happy this year as I haven't read any good, familythemed horror story updates.
Live Life To The Fullest!
Define Productive.
If the end is an unsustainably materialist consumer good, I find more value in human relationships.
He hasn't gone 8 innings in a game as a Brewer yet; this could be the day
How do you compete with large chain restaurants?
LOOOL!
maan iBet peoople look at us ' r like look at that sexy shoulder ' arm ;
A healthy diet and and exercise can cure a whole lot of wrong.
And, it doesn't take much time to feel the effects.
People be on twitter all damn day..
pathetic
Hello to
I have more followers than let's see how long that lasts; I'm guessing 5 minutes
lol!
There was a picture of the ICONic Boyz on my screen and then a fly flew straight at the screen and fell down!
Humbled to honor Marisa Ugarte and her work saving victims of trafficking today w/ La Jolla Soroptimists.
Such a rude piece of nonsense.
thank you!
Hope you can check us out sometime.
no doubt.
Got a bit dusty around the office for a few minutes...
Love your stuff!
I need to own some of that!
:
Both LA teams are about to be outta here!
Good Evening
keep grinding baby.
Something will give and the opportunity comes to those who endlessly pursue their skills.
U got it bruddah.
I never thought the term recess could evoke so much happiness past the 5th grade.
yup!
In the 5th ward!
Library IT where any minor data problem can be creatively turned into a pesky graph traversal problem!
Our entire world depends on each decision we make every moment  every moment can be our last.
Make good use of the opportunity of life!
I think thats a good idea.
lol
i'll be honest: if i had to choose, i want the giants to win but really i'm watching the superbowl for the commercials :
Currently watching a funny horror series called HELL'S KITTY
Why can't I be suspended one more day I don't wanna go to school:
ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo do your project for you...
having fun???;
ahhahhah wtf man i was singing this all day !!!
Love yu brother !!
Yu the shit damn
Haha this may be the best thing I have heard...in my entire life.
Fantastic idea!!
have u seen the singer of Allstar Weekend in Just Left's music video?
I'm good  thanks for the add back trying to figure out if I ever shopped beats your way?
Looking for a quick fix for dinner this week?
Check out  she will hook you up!
Went to the post office to pick up my package only for her to tell me it was in my landlord's office right next to my apartment.
Solid.
RT I hope everyone is having a great day.
Watching RIM break down is more entertaining that trashy tv.
Bring out the popcorn.
This is gonna be great.
Trying to get Alex to follow me..
So far its not working /3
i wish they made office chairs that are large enough to lay in the fetal position in..
YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen your apartment is a mess, fridge is empty, and there're more clothes in your laundoctor hamper than in your closet.
what the hell you doing out there!?!!
Can't wait!
RT : Happy opening to blocSTAR's Jeremiah 'Showtyme Haynes'  'Shani 'Virgo' Alston and the rest of COTTON CLUB PARADE!
Your not the person I thought u were
Off to get my lil man.
Hopefully his pink ass isn't in a bad mood today.

go out and doctornk beer, you deserve one.
Insurance is like marriage.
You pay, pay, pay, and you never get anything back.
MANE he is the REAL DEAL!!!
Ok, barking dog for 5 days and nights!
Unfricking ridiculous
The worst thing bought fighting with your friend is they say all the bad things they thought of you out loud :'
Thanks for the reply  let me know if you ever need a big bowl of hot soup  i promise it will b On the Table Fresh  Hot!!
in my office we play shoot the director of marketing with a nerf gun...but that isn't really an app.
dangerous move, mister Patronik.
Hey so when does your album actually come out??
Good morning!!:
Now listen to this: the halflife of PCB's is 1015 YEARS!
Hi jbehnke, thanks for following!
thanks for the FF!
Hey ladies come check out surrender night club tonight!
Steve aoki bday!
Come party it up just hit me up 4 info!
Only
brb.
speeding down 275
Apparently theyre building a dominos on the moon in 2014...
I wonder if theyll do deliveries
you guys are crazy with this orgasm thing.....haha
you're welcome!
Thinking positive about this flight to nyc....positive, must stay positive.
Ohhhhmm : /
Tweet me when you're here and we can figure it out.
Just in case we're filming, I'll stop by after or something.
Your not the king of akron.
You are a pile of shit who played games with your fans!But Delonte is loving doing your crackhead mom
I've got on my Historian hat this wkend at OAH2012.
Tweeting during the panel feels rude to this newbie, so we will see!
does it also come with a referral to a cardiologist?
RT : Enjoyed the lunchined, wish I could stay longer to get more knowledge!
thx !
There goes again brushing ER teeth
Chillin w/ David 
Yes.
I entertain myself by smacking my butt and watching it ripple!
Its fun!
Try it sometime!
That awkward moment when this random girl named camistern is opening for your 1D concert...
kristen  I miss you so much.
When are you coming back!?
So much to tell you!!!!
We are officially on vacation for a few days.
Back Thursday 4/26!
Nothing much.
how was school?
The term glass for cameras is widely used to describe the camera lens.
Hope everyone is finding great deals on CyberMonday!!
We're new to Twitter.
3 cheers for moms everywhere.
Chris brown and Rihanna has been spotted together at MGM Grand cosino in Las Vegas
a first for everything:
3  RT  someone who is down to do anything with you  sticks by your side 
a month?
Lol
IK!!!!!
GOSH YOU MEANY BUTT!!!
I didn't know I'm sorry that I spelt his name wrong: grrr;
If we were made to all be alike then we would be called duplicates instead of individuals.
Live tweet at the today using
You're annoying.
Please shut the fuck up before I shove the arts and crafts your working on down your throat.
Heat shield under car scraped off by midoctorad snow berm left by plow, requiring midoctorad bungee cord application...
vacuum cleaner blew up.
Since I can't be at rdap12 I am going for a walk in the spring sunshine.
Happy belated birthday!
Miss you  sorry this is a couple days late!
Love those bags, but sadly I don't have Tony Stark money to afford one.
Now that's schools over, I need to look for a second job...suggestions?
:

i got a new phone too..no joke...
I got bored with twitter and i just now came back to it...got tired of all the spam
omg oh no 2 goals now sorry manu :
Per Mensem  Every Month
RT : Dont depend on other people as the source of your happiness or for approval.
Joyce
Jeffrey standing and talking about how anonymous door knocker pressured him to rescind his signature.
Asks how did they get my addoctorss?
LOL Damn am hungry as Hell its getting worse FUCKKKKK
VH1Divas is off to a great start
Where did you find Suits online?
I've been looking!
LOL!
Think I might have to pin that one on Pinterest!
Its cause god feels sorry for them: truuu RT : ONLY LAKER FANS GO TO HEAVEN
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music!
Have a great week : 
My cousin a fuckin thug ..
but she nasty Af ..
I can't live her lifestyle nope nope nope
Housebuilding and Waffle House are all I need.
I was thinking filesharing, now that Mega Uploads is shut down.
RIP Carroll Shelby.
So long, and thanks for the horsepower.
we have our standard campus badges, but were advised against a specific UWM because of cost.
I'm gonna start cooking around 6:30pmish...That way its done by time hockey starts :
cuz I made a shitload of money the first day of sales and there were a good bit of weed leaves on it.
Haha.
Can't wait to see ya'll on Friday!
A ritual at the house of , in which I live: The removal of the menorah and xmas tree and the return of the lifesized donkeys.
You tell a guy you just wanna be friends and suddenly they hate you .
I.
Love.
Ender.
what ?
lol : Girls that's not Terika love them lol
Getting new windows!
Happy FF everybody  who wants us to say nice things about them?
Just mention us in a tweet!
Last chance!
The Federal Reserve's twist strategy is going to push 30 YR rates to unprecedented levels.
How does 3.875 0 points 30 YR Fixed sound!
Smiles back
her n dj had a late night.
They decided to start her bday early lol
Rappers love words that rhyme with doctorgs.
I'm surprised they don't party more in Spokane.
What a great week!
Filming, private coaching, hanging with my agent, feeling great!
:D
Science in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of Environmental Ethics and Philosophy, 2010 from
Good call by the Browns, doing what they can to make sure they lock up Trent Richardson.
Dude is a horse  will run hard behind that O line
Watching OWN, this is so powerful...I'm hooked.
Seeing how these families live makes me grateful for every precious moment of life.
can't believe it's been that long since CO in college.
Jealous for sure.
Where y'all going?
Painted for three hours squatting down.
Who needs weight training anyway?
Good to see Wondo and JPA on the score sheets tonight.
Class guys!
Portugal Show number 9 tomorrow, it's gonna be good
Best way to solve car problems: roll up a newspaper, stick it in your gas tank, light it up, walk away slowly.
doctorss Rehearsal in about an hour!!!
Are you excited for a sneak peek of THE SPANISH ROOM?
Deep thanks to all who have served, and have supported those who serve.
I want some Mexican food....that real deal.
Taco bell don't count 
Money creates my grind my mind striaghtns my time......
BeautifulPeopleIFollow Everybody Who Is Reading This 3 Your Are All B E A U T I F U L !
hii  thank u so much D
Mom: What does IDK, ILY, and TTYL mean?
...
Me: I don't know, i love you, talk to you later ..
Mom: ok i'll go ask your sister.
the world may never know pete.
Who else is looking forward to the new album is releasing?
Deffenetly covering many of the song on that album.
believe 333
Finally set up the voicemail after 6 months.
feel free to call and if I don't answer don't hesitate to leave a message lol
Threw my back out jogging this morning...take that!
Personal fitness.
Birthday weekend was a bust
Paranormal romance is the urban fantasy of romance genre.
Stop giving out my Pornhub password.
Thanks.
Really?
:D
One more day  work then 2 weeks of nothing but mixing, can't wait to hit the decks!
Check out Outliers  it is one of my favorites.
No problem
Txtin shorty until one of us fall asleep
I'm baleening toward intentional fish puns.
I spent 5 for a book of whale puns.
They were awful.
I got my finback.
please tell me you're sunning yourself on the beach, sipping on a cocktail with an umbrella in it.
Help!
Need to pick a bag for my Iceland/UK trip.
Any female travelers used and loved the tristar or sky train bags?
no freaking way.
that's AWESOME!!!
I haven't been on twitter in so long :T
was a nose away from winning a trifecta.
Meet who!
RT : MammothFestival is this weekend!
RT for chance to win 2 free...passes for Sat.
meet Gavin DeGraw.
Thanks!
And thanks !
She is awesome!
;
I was outta wifi for a min.
but im bacc
Hoop doctorams
no i didnt check it out
omg yeah i will be such a bitch tomorrow!!/: ok ok finee
nice road trip to cleveland to see the Cavs,trying to recover now
Still sick.
Converted a scene I wrote a while back into a short I should be filming soon so I guess a nap is well deserved.
When you love someone you except them for who they are.
You don't try to change them.
I'm a teacher who believes in working COLLABRORATIVELY with parents.
Had a blast this weekendtoo bad it had to end so soon
define old school I'm Still Standing?
Or Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?
I can be in boston in an hour and a half if you would like a massage, totally professorssionalish, Im just throwing out the offer
Just caught up on last Monday's TheVoice and while I love all the judges...
is strong this season.
Oh, dang.
so good!
Cinco De Mayo is tomorrow!
We have 2 shows and Coronas for 3!
She's definitely a 10.
at Childoctorn's Courtyard Day Care.
What Up oomf!!
HOPE THIS BRINGS THAT BABY ON IN!!
Lol
Let's see how tomorrow erupts ;
caught your show NYE!
Liked it a lot hope to see you again soon playing a longer set!!!!
I guess you guys should change your show's title to
die in a hole
5 days until we debut the popboompow video!
Also, new songs, pics, and dates coming soon!
Get ready!!!
Thanks!
We'll ring you!
MT : did you know we give discounts to all students and faculty??
Call us  order today!
Thanks for sharing!
I like that your library includes a section on Selection of recommended Internet sites
when do you play?
says she'll grant fund  my positions when she wins Mega Millions!
What will u do w/ winnings ?
God is so amazing!!!!
I think a YouTube channel with tv shows playing with tweets popping up would make bank.
Tonight Lenny Kaye told me I did a good job and made the rock gods proud.
BEST.
COMPLIMENT.
EVER.
ugh!
that sounds painful!
I hope you hurt and your walls fall down when you hear the sound that i'm okay.
I'll be okay.
3
Full moon tonight.
doctorss like a werewolf and get your doctornks half off tonight.
Who has the nerve to do it?
Good choice!
lol the kind of icing I got last night !
Instagram is the most amazing app ever invented :o
Hello Rachel!
Happy Holidays!
The voice does go up in a poem.
It is an addoctorss, even if it is to oneself.
And why it's called sweet poetry to the ears.
Wonderful!!
We hope to do a lot of fun things!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Calvin Johnson is getting paid!
Highest contract ever
lookING NOW, lol, I am such an art whore, I tell you , LOL
RT Oh, your boyfriend has swag?
That'll pay your bills in 10 years.
Being a musician is a true blessing...I love what I do.
Got my homecoming outfit and shoes and accessories for 100 and I still have money left over!
Another tweetup?
: it was great hanging out w/ you guys tonight!
ncvstweetup
TW Noll 40 so far at USJN event in Barrington, IL...playing well now that they're full strength
I enjoyed Footloose, but I wasn't impressed.
my full review should be coming up soon...
it needs to happen!
where you at
Ppl get mad when they business get out...
Whoever you told first made it public knowledge.....
Foolish ass
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
7bars !!!!!!
I'm Logan, you don't know me.
I just saw you and thought you were cute
working on my skillz D;
she means the world to me.
I don't think she'll forgive me.
I ruined everything.
He's behind now but they're keeping the faith.
we love you guys!
But please help us get more followers :P air kisses ahaha :
you're annoying.
Lost my retainer in bed.
Again.
Some people shouldn't have clear retainers.
3333333 an don't even make that face
yikes.
You know the computer get hot...
Ha
I had one of McDonald's Peppermint Hot Chocolates yesterday morning.
It ...
was not of the tasty.
Fun night, to say the least.
No, you're fun and games
hearing Portland has inside track on J Craw
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
Simple vegetarian breakfast recipe Cheerios with Coconut Milk and for a snack...
Love Crunch!
Were performing at Saturday March 10th!
come out for a night of awesome hip hop and learn kiddies!
Party people!
Time to have some fun tonight
Q4: If you have the students pick concepts within units, then the topics are unlimited.
make sure you check out the animal style fries...just look at frazier's plate :
sounds good!
When do you get to LA?
Great throat ulcers rule, and a 7 hour shift!
I'm so happy!
How are u holding up?
Have u gone postal yet?
:P
oh...
My Christmas was cool, just another day working in the city!!
What did I sign up for?
A rat race!?!!
;
Tech basketball is depressing to watch.
Tebow's marketing guy and new NJ resident to be...RT : J!
E!
T!
S!
JETS!
JETS!
JETS!
Hey Frankie what are doing?
Talking to customer service is like talking to a wall.
They don't listen.
Pushy sales ppl when trying to ask a simple question.
Oliver just chased down a duck...caught up to her, and then didn't know what to do.
You Can Change it All because you are Remarkable....
www.sofiafellini.com
It was 20 years ago the a buddy first doctorgged me to the UCSB computer lab to check out the World Wide Web.
First search?
Red Dwarf
I hope you stopped at the doctorftwood Inn in St.
Ignace.
Some of the best chicken wings I've ever had.
The Coolest  Most Swagged Big Boy I Know, Lol  Smh 
The number one car in for repairs is,, 20002009 dodge intrepid in for oil sudge, knocking,electrical issues, transmission problems
Ahh, repurposing halffinished posts as discussion topics.
Interesting.
You'll see me rockin' these all summer RT : Ginuwine, our glass pony is loving the new Pabst Blue Ribbon x Prokeds Collab Shoe
Had a cville debut pint of Boxcar at last night!
Looking forward the big batch.
Dear bald guy with the long hair pulled over the front....
we know.
Gonna go clean the car :
I have the sickest headache right now.
I feel like Ron Artest just punched me in the face...
and I'm talkin' Indiana Pacers Ron Artest 
just an old saying my friend would say before one of those yolo moments haha.
Refs did the right thing with 5 minutes there  just a stupid, dangerous play by Orpik.
Attending a Birthday this weekend?
Need a gift fast?
No worries Sydney b.
has just what you need and we gift wrap for you too!
Yeah, it's def crazy.
You take your chances out there.
Thank you to all who came to class today!
Thank you AMANDA GRIND for sharing your knowledge.
pillow case making might pay more.
Haha
This bus doctorver doesnt want his bus dirty.
Awww
And shouldn't someone with Presidential aspirations know better?
His Dad was Governor of Michigan, for Pete's sake
We only watched 2 eps of doctorthis season before giving up.
Too much reality this season.
I'd do the same thing.
At least if you crash it everyone goes down in flames while looking good.
Oh yeah, it's April Fool's huh?
Day of fake pregnancies/engagements.
Awesome.
Make it a handmade Holiday!
Come shop Holiday Market Chase tower downtown 10am3pm today!!!!
you still got my ?
enjoyed connecting w/ healthcare leaders  colleagues  ACHE CEO discussionpanel last night.
powerful insight in2 mind of successful leaders
To say the least.
Haven't seen them in over 5 months, was very grateful for the popin.
Are you ready to a leaner, tighter, healthier you?
Miller and Battier still with no attempts from 3....
smfh
Ima stay locked in this room all day
Go follow my friend  she follows back..
Spencer are you strictly dickRT : Entertain me please im bored and willing to answer pretty much any question you have for me
there's always Lexington.
Hell you know were headed to Catlanta next year too!
we are up to 40 amazing makers rich now.
Are you interested in stopping by to check things out?
Tuesday  7PM is a good time.
:
Ok I admit I have made a few trying!
Going to rampage tattoo this week, im excited.
Chase Utley fielded ground balls during BP.
First time he's done that since rejoining team.
Anyone good at thermochemistry and quantum mechanics....holla  me.
Lol
Cheese Steak Tuesday...
m good :
: As man, you're in charge of the relationship so take charge.
Be the man she needs you to be.
yeah, that will do it.
Good for you.
Thanks for your service.
You workout in the gym?
Like weights?
That's exactly the point I took from your info as well.
And they think they're being so sneaky.
Somebody's going to turn them in
Orphan V is interested in agents and publishers, please identify yourself if interested.
Thank you!
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND we support !!
please???
RNGeezies ; 3
Chris Bosh is the x factor for Miami.
He was the most consistent player last postseason.
92.
Sorry just read this.
Barely on my way.
They want us to believe Facebook is worth 100 Billion?
My ass.
Does it get any better than M.a.s.h.
Or Cheers?
Sweet is your Nature, Dear is your Name, As Earth wants Water, flower wants Dew.
I want nothing.
But Happiness for You.
thanks, Gwen!
Wishing you a beautiful day.
just dandy.
I'm leaving sl june 12th is my last day.
come down to DC if you have time!
:
did u see the tweet about old dude?
I'm not even laughing 
Lots of news to share soon
Warren G is gonna be at Coachella, wow how old school.
Sad Nate Dogg won't be there :, Regulators would've been dope to hear.
Baker thaqts is some funny shit
His support here is strong too.
It will be interesting to see how this endorsement process turns out.
that is so awesome!!!!!!!
obsessed with your music.
favorite artist
The other SF wins the MVP award.
Good morning and happy wednesday!
It's clingyadventure wednesday today, guess where clingy's going...
idk it's just a suggestion think about it tweet me back :
i like that one: how r you?
Sitting in Loyola Park gazing at the soothing blue of Lake Michigan.
And watching the seagulls.
A bit like I never left Florida.
please follow so you can share great deals like free admission on Sunday mornings from 9am1pm.
Hi Kelly, may I send you my book to share with your family?It's about personalities related to DOB.
Esp.March, March dad!
Addoctorss?
oh no!
I'll be your date :
SEASON PREMIERE:
dolma's newest destination: LYDIA'S 8845 SIX FORKS RD RALEIGH NC 27615
Way to give it your all in OT Ohio..
I thought loved pizza like me, but wants Nacho scented Man Candle.
Who knew?
Those 2 games were home vs.
Tampa Bay, and at Buffalo, so that shouldn't be too surprising.
18th playoff series he is mister Heat
The Witches scarred me for life.
Whenever I hear about that movie, I immediatly shiver.
Creepiest kids movie ever.
My Uncle, I don't know their prospects like the Pens so I don't know if they gave up a lot.
Continued
Omw to school
Even though me and my brother hate each other, I'd take a bullet for him any day!
You missed him today at church.
He had his tie on lol.
and this is the future mister.
Timberlake...
Awesome!
I spent it with the family.
Church, lunch and fun times!
:
Discounts inside Easter Eggs!
Ends Sat at BVEN Boutique.
Valid on up to three regular priced items.
Pick yours and save....
Today is the first day of spring and we are excited for air conditioning season to begin!
Are you enjoying the warm temperatures?
So my mom would love for me to go big with music.
Glad my mom believes in me3
SDSU defensive lineman Dontrell Onuoha pleaded not guilty to assault and battery charges this afternoon.
.
helping people feel good about making bad choices...it's what we do
Oh come on!
I was SO expecting some sort of well you're older than me dig.
You're losing your edge too, Mark!
Hey sjsharks tweeps, you added a ton to my enjoyment of the season.
See you all soon!
did you make the sandwich?
How did it turn out?
April fools.
i like house number 2 better so far...
did u here I lost my qb today manning not a colt.....damn
Currently chatting with a customer representative about my nook.
We'll see how this goes.
I know.
My brain may explode.
Have to go Brad ...
make Miranda happy dude :
Enough work 4 today.
Aaron BarRAZA is out working me, I have NO FRIENDS in EP, the feds are snooping around, I NEED a STIFF martini NOW!
.
wrapping up another great week in our traditional way: Beer Friday : What are you guys up to this weekend?
Hello, weekend.
Beginning my Friday night training regimen for the Jingle Bell Run on Sunday: Grey Goose with a splash of Gatorade.
My Mind Is A Weapon
Merry Christmas sista.
Thanx for all you've done.
This tweet just blew away from me.
IAmSimon he was great with remarks to Marcus
yeah , girls are crazy .
What the world needs is more rebranded Email products!
no this doesnt mean i like country music
So on top of sleep apnea I now have diabetes.
Wee hah!
A beautiful day!
This week check out Sean, Willow and Michael at the Good Bike...
they'll chill your Cuban coffee just right!
Unfortunately, it looks like APG doesn't accept being given a subkey and wants the master key as well.
If you do come bring cause he aint got no car.
He still got that NY state of mind riding trains all fukn day!
hahaha
Q.
What is the only game in which the more you lose, the more you have to show for it?
A.
Strip Poker

then y'all wonder why I can't trust you nshit.
Smh learn how to lie.
watch your head :P
OK Home from working out, On to the hockey/baseball game.
Gold's Gym has several TV's and neither game on.
VERY SAD.
Both teams need a win.
The two most common elements in the world are hydoctorgen and stupidity.
Will you guys be at the ICSC convention in Vegas?
Bought some mangos, im a happy girl!:
I think I have learned to sleep with my eyes open.
Oh and p.s.
there is no rule that says every tweet must have a  so take it easy folks.
LOL.
Oo I'm clubbing with ma piggy bank jk.
Charlie Laavalle thanks Stan Thompson of The Heinz Endowments  Kevin Jenkins of The Pittsburgh Foundation for their support of the HEN
why is ur twit pic a black man
Well done, madam.
Monogrammed slippers would be awesome indeed.
Alas, mine are merely plaid.
Please do!
:
Me too!
I need a vaca!
Got too go too dads work too take a shower.
winning Nitro better have water soon!!!
For real!
Tami, Evelyn and Suzi would have been dealt with!
Our brandnew ballet score, cowritten by Cello Fury's Simon  Ben and some of our best work yet, will be premiered on February 24  25!
Support independent artists!
You will like what you see!
So we are working on the movie.
The Art work is done, going to launch on kickstarter soon.
OWS will be at the Brooklyn Food Conference tomorrow all day.
Animal Issues has 9 workshops planned on a range of topics.
Join us!
LOL OMG YES I REMEMBER3 I MISS YOU MORE
my expectations rise in direct proportion to outofpocket expenses :
So why I'm always thirsty whit hangovers!
: Beer is mostly water.
This is why the water used has such an effect on the flavor.
The race is on!
Can we get 1,000 followers are raise 100 for the WWF by next Tuesday?
RT and spread the word!
I grabbed some great print and audiobooks on my way out of the library tonight.
There are so many awesome things I want to read RIGHT NOW.
okay: Same here
Usually per year.
Anyone have doctorw Something?
:
Celebrate what youve accomplished, but raise the bar a little higher each time you succeed.
I need to stop thinking about you!
: You mean nothing to me nn I'm glad you know this!
I'm going to try to get regular vip tomorrow
We're heading out to Palo Alto College's PAC Fest!
Come and join us from 95.
The Wilpons, Madoff scandal, Woody clown and Rexy bear are way up there with him buddy.
Fact.
ill try to forgive you, :
lol so i remembered i have ALL of my Blood on the Dance Floor  other scene shit buried in a box in my closet after i moved..
Goodwill?!
;D
Just took care of the problem.
My account was hacked!
Sorry!!
Whoa.
Good thing James Jones signed that shiny new contract.
RT 5000 fine for throwing ball into stands.
When enthusiasm is inspired by reason; controlled by caution; sound in theory; practical in application; reflects confidence; spreads good.
It IS Billy Hunter!!
that made me giggle :
and that there be tolerably frequent expressions of confidence.
Translating German.
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
Ann Landers
yes mayb tomorrow :
ahh shit!!
shake that ass now move it like a gypsy!!
stop woah back it up and let me see you hip swing!!!
gottalovesavage!!
ik its old!
look forward to hearing them
Never been soo itchy in my life
.
Thanks babe.
Had a blast!
Love you too!
Never fails..
Sick kiddies  sick me!
Fortunately my mini pharmacy includes Airborne and echinacea.
Thank you!!!
RT Love your new website.
Great graphics and navigation!
I had the same problem when I was stuck at 160 C J, could clean the 165 and jerk 170, but couldn't C  J 165!
Four principles of LOD, 3 It should point users back stuff that tells them what that thing is
My mom is a retired educator...
The state of education is unsettling at best.
Chicago next week!
There is always, ALWAYS something to be thankful for.
are you pregnant?
lmfao
Had a great conversation about players  upcoming recruiting period with Coach Stan Johnson of doctorke U.
today.
Solid assistant and Good guy.
hi niki can u please send me a autograph
Thank You Lord For Being With Me Always..
I Love You...
And many of em RT don't watch HS football, so I'd be game for USAFA CFB games on Friday nights.
Great tickets available I bet
had a great time in Boston after a fantastic two weeks at Tanglewood!
I downloaded doctorw Something an hour ago and have already concluded that the whole world sucks at Pictionary.
who's going to be seeking CE from public libraries: economically disadvantaged; seniors who rewire instead of retire, etc.
Sorry all at DesignBizChat about the spammers too bad it's taking away fr the experience here 2day  so much great info that we're sharing
Stay Gold Frownie!
Thunder o:
I don't know how I feel about you anymore.
ack, Sharon I am sorry my phone autocorrected the wrong name!
So sorry!
Dark hair I don't care
get off Twitter.
John D.
is back from his travels!
Come on in and say hello or get piercing :
get back Online DAMN GOOFY.
HOW WAS UR MOVE!?!?
AND HOW LONG R U STAYING THERE?!?!?::D
Do you have a doctoram wedding doctorss designer?
People love when I scream, apparently?
Can't be sacred money in NY
WordPress Tools BlogFollow  Shows a snippet of the users blog beneath their comment.
Even though I punched him in the face once, I still wish that Sid would return healthy this season.

AC  Cool,  AM  Morning, together it makes Cool Morning 3 They need to make a other one; 3
qiooewqiuwfowofdhph.
Explosions.
Get out of my life.
Mine says I have to forgive.
whines But I don't wanna just yet.
:
Louisville fans, help me out: are you as superstitious as Kentucky fans are?
I see some UK fans doing some weird stuff.
Hey just a heads up, I got a spammy DM from you.
You may wanna report it and change your PW.
Happy Gallery Night tomorrow!
Can we also just pause a moment to collectively appreciate the unintended hilarity of the coffee announcements?
Lol 2 cyclists just blew through a red light with max coming a block away.
16th and Yamhill.
When I get off the bus my best friend says bye.
When a popular kid gets off the bus, the whole fuckin bus yells bye.
I feel the love.
Check people on my DMV lists.
Do tell, which one?
love it!
We're doing a bike parade Sun for our Open house w/ an afterparty.
This will be great training!
Let's do it
Ha!
It was definitely one of my more adventurous culinary experiences; I'm usually such a 'meat  potatoes' guy.
Congrats to the GR8 Ryan Braun on being named NL MVP.
It was much deserved!
just Tue right price
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I think I'm in love.
Stage5Clinger Run!
Hello Cali...
who's ready for another great show at NAMM ?
I am!
continues to disrespect the orlando magic, this is crap.
Why don't you link your new book LINKS in your bio, too?
ACS client learned how to interview during the first  module  got a job so successful!
Lunch time.
Come on in kitchen open and bar for a beverage.
Cheers
At the Lincoln Center Library, you can watch hundoctords of recordings of Broadway shows.
I'm not joking.
are you at volcanovistas graduation?
are you in Dallas today for alamw12 find out more about Room C149 Dallas Convention Center today at 2pm
Work in a few hours...
ima have to record another song before i go
The show will be available across multiple formats so if folks want to access it the right way  i.e.
legally  it will be easy.
you need to figure out the whole get guys to buy me doctornks routine.
Then you won't spend anything haha
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it!!
Its early, give me a break.
Im sorry to hear that lol
Not quite sure what you're asking, Patricia.
Fantastic meeting of the minds over Jockamos in Irvington.
Always fun work to do!
well...My head hurts, gonna go offline practice ACT tomorrow, wish me luck you guys 
YEI Weekly Challenge!
TURN DOWN YOUR WATER HEATER...
lowering the temp on water heaters can reduce your heating costs by 10 Give it a try.
The most amazing guitarist, Preston Reed is performing 102  Caspar Inn not far from you if you're still there tomorrow!
I love foot rubs!!!
Of course!
:
I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile, so good to me, so right.
RT : Make sure youre following tomorrow for the unveiling of the conference primetime TV schedule!
No 3hour show, please.
We need EVERYONE to be with UNDErTAKER on this one
I don't know how often Uncle Augie reads his email, but would you tell him I just sent him one about Dad's house?
Thanks
Great win coach...keep pluggin!
Thanks!
We do, too!
Just wanna let you all know...I saw the lady with the parakeet on the sidewalk again today.
This time it was perched on her rolly cart.
huge ups to the best people in the world showing up for a great cause.
Finally off work :
Definitely for tablets right now iPad is the only way to go.
Phones is a mixed picture but I'd start in iOS first.
thanks, mister Autocorrect.
let's hang out this weekend!
Ive confirmed, through 2 Ravens sources, Suggs has a torn achilles  will need surgery.
No timetable for his return is known right now.
John Michael Montgomery, Thursday, March 22 at 7:00pm at Hard Rock Hotel  Casino Albuquerque.
TICKETS 20  UP
Attended the Books for a Better Life Awards in NY recently.
Missing the Light it up Blue events at the Empire State Bldg.
Rockflr Ctr
Thanks!
My leg hurts.
he'll give you that organic meat all right
it;s never too late as long as you take four or five shots before 12
Thanks so much  have a great restoftheweek
hi dave omfg
: toiletgirl you don't understand that no one ever understands you.
Getting treated to a fish fry at tonight for dinner!
Really looking forward to this!
UHtaughtme how badass and exciting college football can be.
could i pls get a S/O OR A FOLLOW BAC
It is going to be a beautiful weekend here in the NW.
Make sure you are using your Clicgear Cart when you hit the links!!
thanks for the mention
Is that thunder I hear.
Let it rain!!!!!
remember we are in TX so unskilled labor is not a problem..temps are an integral part of staffing in TX saves 
Ah!!
love it!
I want to stare at it forever
Apparently, is back!!!
I have felt so bad  so weak but I know God has a reason for everything we go through.
Continued next tweet
Sorry, my daughter Heather was not in school yesterday because we had to put our dog asleep.
he was very old....
Battle of the Bands this friday, April 22nd, at The Depot at SF State from 3PM6PM!!!!
My pot just said thanks for all the birthday wishes.

thanks for the tweets!
...why thank you  also 122 NW 10th and 3747 N Mississippi....more to come...
Yeah w/e you say :P
Yes I should be your intern!
:
Jennifer Aniston postpones her engagement to Justin Theroux
Happy Mother's Day
You realize you and a few of his other patients actually paid for those hockey tickets?
IWishYouKnew How much you actually mean to me .
How I feel towards you  What I would do just to get your attention 3
Technology is transforming the ease to start a business, scale  gain traction.
professorssor George Foster
That's how she feel.
Which one is it?
What's the password?
Won't we all be glad when next Tuesday turns to Wednesday?
No more political ads.
orphans8 the Tassilo Adams footage Gartenberg Media showed was absolutely stunning.
Jawdoctorpping, even.
It's sad I would consider living in Atlanta, solely because their airport is boss
Alright alright allriiiiiiiiiii!:
RT : Who says it doesn't pay to tweet?
I won a 25 gift card from yesterday for following  RTing abt contest.
Happy Friday abq peeps!
You can add THE DEATH OF BEES to that list.
Coming Winter 2013!
U shut up!!
Not much, got a callback in Chicago for The Voice:
Kinder: differences between databases and archives
Damn im too excited.
Thank god I don't work today.
The last thing I need is to be folding clothes and listening to that loud ass music with a hangover.
Barbara Jacoby  When we lead our students through reflection they begin to see how they can become part of the solution.
I dnt trust anyone
kudos 2 Obama for supportin same sex marriage.
who are we to tell people who 2 love.
Time 4 the Far Right to go nuts.
ready.
set.
go crazy.
Working on Sunday, again, some day I'll have a life again.
I came into this world black, naked and ugly.
And regardless of how much I amass here, it's a short journey.
I will go back bare and ugly.
Another beautiful day in Chicago...Join us for lunch at BIN 36 today!
and it's already taken!
Thanks for the heads up.

I just got off the phone w ...
so stoked about the event.
Will def be FirePower2012  Cant wait 2 meet ya!
Snow in Pittsburgh but nice in the house with a fire and spa music!
I was thinking if you knew of any cute patterns for a baby blanket
ha yes!!
I made the move!
It felt right, so I figured what the hell, why not!
How ya been??
How's Miami?
Hope to see you today at Malverde in Austin for our Grito news conference.
11:30a!
yes you are.
actorsloungelive the actors gym youtube.com/cfcla
text mee, i have to tell you something!
no tomarrow we got 1 more on demand then we done for the year
The heck does my battery have to do with....
Anything?
Thank you for saying it so eloquently, I couldn't agree more!
Awesome!
We were just talking about that.
Now, get out for your run in a foreign land!
;
Welcome to the wild world of twitter.
Thanks for the follow and thanks even more for buying the book!
Not really.
I just don't want to get too lazy or complacent on that beerlord throne of his.
When are you coming to Nashville?!
That could be a big blown call.
We know what can happen when Elvis gets on in front of Hamilton.
Awesome playoff win tonight!
Game tomorrow morning 7 am at grapevine
Glad you said something poignant.
Just can't believe that.
Well if it does get killed, I will miss it very much.
Enjoyed every minute of it.
I hope Phx is ready for
WOFCollegeWeek How does this work with the different time zones/ airing times?
They're paid.
: lol
ostensibly there is validity to the veracity of the claim that you are purporting simultaneously to the layman and intellectual
it sounds like God moved at everyone's Church today isn't that awesome the same God here in NY is there in Atlanta and everywhere else wow!!
Sitting 10 rows behind the Cowboy at RedsTribe game.
Already spoke with Marty and George Foster.
Woohoo, that's a wrap!
Shooting the new video took 30 hours in two days, but it's going to be great  I'll post some pics soon.
my new story :
Of course NYC didn't get gold.
But the means I still can go to 2 dates Poughkeepsie and NYC :'
Industry heavyweights team up for EV smart charger project
I really wanna smoke a blunt but im a poor ass change saving motherfucker..
Please follow me on my JB account please   I will follow you back!
; Özlem x
your tweets take the 'entertain' out of entertainer.
You're suppose to be good for a laugh, not a lesson.
yawn
When are you coming to town?
Maybe we can help!
before u know it u will be singing my shiny teeth and me!
lol:D
Guy at the Apple store is a dead ringer for Topher from Workaholics.
Same voice, same face.
It's making me laugh.
karasimpimson wow hi
In da Lab w/ Suburban Hoodlums, What you know about those Lost Souls, Trippin over Pot Holes at the CrossRoads, Lost Souls!
your recent friend post really hit home thank you for saying out loud what I need to be brave enough to say to myself Well done
Didn't know where that one was going at first..
please read something with a british accent into a video
Will you be at Expo?
Call 9729054447 to schedule a meeting in LasVegas with and
Yup!
Great final quote from the bybravo panel;  don't see a separation between the online and the broadcast  its all content.
Amtrak I will be embarking on my cross country journey to Portland Oregon and I'm looking forward to seeing the heartland of
Setting up for an amazing concert tomorrow!!!
Check back later to find out who is helping us to make
where are you???
You watching this?
actually im wrong i was thinking Sam was my other friend Sam Herson
Football workouts today 
HA HA suckers!
Hey , I never got to thank you for the opportunity to be a part of H5O.
I had an amazing time playing Jared Burke!
Thanks!
We hope everyone enjoyed their weekend!
What fun activities did you do?
Uncle:why didn't you stop and say hi Me:...you were walking too fast
Perhaps not as open browsing like on the 1st floor.
Would be curious what she'd say about this.
thinks that should totally come to PIttsburgh, PA!!!!!!
Not only would it make my life but also my bestfriends!!!
you guys are insane.
what's the estimated date you hit 100k?
looks like will cross 200k by next week!
Congress never did pass an antilynching bill.
Isn't it?!?
I don't even know what self control is anymore...lol.
Please have the Shaytards on your show!
Please?
I guarantee you will not regret having and the kids on.
22 more days until partylove be ready!
you can make in the music industry without being overly sexual and performing exorcisms on stage.
you just need your talent
no work today....back to bed
I was told i was a nerd today, Target employee said you a nerd.
I always thought to be a geek not a nerd!
/sadface
thanks for the love but 9 Businesses is actually a project by 4exit4 Productions.
Agreed thats why I dont like move.
Ok let me get this Foxboro Mass has been without power since sunday'' But the Pat's have power for there game on thursday''WTF''
yeah we actually had tickets but I rather be with my babies that night!!!
I am so tired.
I wanna go home.
This play has became so stupid.
Started Run with at 6:19 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
they're delaying it?
Sweet.
At least we're not gonna miss anything
yeah, back a home...sick.
i love my life what about u
Your work is beautiful and inspiring
I still play records at home and did a 45 set the first night of Dynamite, but wanna put a real set together again!
Thanks, Andy  good seeing you.
No way!!!
Very cool.
should be psyched.
ive heard nothing but good things
RT : follow she will follow you back thanks:
This is my first official tweet!
Big audition this weekend....
EP is almost done, video shoot coming up...amazing times!
Is 65 degrees warm enough for fridaycoffeeclub to set up outside?
i just want some sesame chicken.
Ok, I need more followers, it would mean the world to me if you help me !
;
its cool, just lemme know whats going on.
im free tomorrow
The short film, The Order of Things will screen this wed in Houston, TX at 7:30!!
if your in houston and want to attend let me know.
Brewers live box score is telling: 7 batting averages below .236 and 4 below .200.
Only Braun  Lucroy immune.
Just saw and his QCM posse walking in rittenhouse looking like the Beatles.
Ha,ha,ha!
RT : Rick Santorum just divorced his wife and married his dog.
Are you happy, mister President?
via
p.s.
love you too
I went to UMKC last year, MSU this year.
Excited to see the Campus cuz i wanna debate/go there for college!!
:D
imaddicted to my cell phone.
its always in my hand.
when you coming back!?
The brotherhood wants to know!
.
i was laughing at the fact the someone in YouTube thought that was true....
Paul Pierce will play in Game 5 against the Hawks.
That makes two people that I know who copied my tattoo...already
Thanks, Bob!
There are more than 50,000 earthquakes throughout the world every year.
I must confess I am not a MM fan.
I am intrigued by the poster, however.
'Mad Men' Debuts New Season 5 Poster
so fresh and so clean clean.
Thanks !!
SCREW YOU SAM!
lol
YOU WISH
Don't forget the milk!
I can't wait to see you guys on tour!
lol, jk.
You're not coming near me so I can't see you.
where are you eating?
lol RT: : DJ Moore on the streaker: It seemed pretty cool to me.
I thought he was going to take his pants off and everything.
People are sitting on the floor in the library.
He was a clever, thoughtful guy.
idk , im being called up from J.V so 2mm is my first varsity game ever
im tired...
Live your life, take chances, be crazy.
Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been  the youngest you'll be ever again.
needs to get off his phone
Plan For Your Retirement Today!
Get info on 401Ks, IRAs, and Mortgage Planning.
Free articles Available At www.retire.retirementjunkie.com.
If you wanna see something totally hilarious, watch Blackout on Syfy!
These people totally freak out!!
They better not mess with My Mimi....I'm just saying.
so sorry for what u  Maya went thru today!
Glad she's ok!!!
All the 'coming up' announcements sounded like threats
I didn't know you were on twitter!
Get rich or die tryin
Whatever happened to Sisters before the Misters ?
nick Johnson combo meal....Never thought I would see that again.
On average a 500calorie slice of cheesecake will take jogging for one hour at a fivemileperhour pace to negate it.
Ouch!
Mayda just tore it up at The Amsterdam!
The Japhies are about to throw down.
Great article on Christian art.
RT : Don't give in to the temptation to cut and paste art://t.co/gR51cotr 
What's going on at the Boston Post Office??
Traffic's crazy
I wish they would bring back them old Bermashave signs along the highways.
They were fun to read and sometimes interesting!
Email fm Donnie CollinsGroin or Quad injury.
In Int lg, there is only a 7day DL.
My favorite thing to do after a nap is immediately take a second one
I'm shocked at all the transphobic comments on many of the Against Me!
videos on You Tube.
Wish it didn't have to be that way.
Yeah I was a sensitive little child.
Lol I find it funny when my parents tell me stories.
I was an evil little girl.
Lmbo!
:p
I used to be the same way, but I found a great dentist, hes cool, hell talk about game of thrones while cleaning my teeth :
Equally intriguing Antiphon for Psalm 20: We will run after thee, in the savour of thy good ointments.
The virgins love them exceedingly.
Have a gr8 weekend :
just throwing it out there
haha thanks!
do you have a favorite song?
People need to stop going to LA.
Moved onto the second Body Count alb, Born Dead.
Iceberg sounds pretty intimidating through a pitch shifter.
ChickFila is open tomorrow!!!
........fooled you.
Now THAT'S a cruel April Fools joke!
you should tweet me because yolo.
c;
Hell Yes ;o
Yeah, remembered that after I hit send.
Still plenty of other more versatile utility types in camp, too.
i think im gonna pass out!!!!!
CodyBTRTour is gonna be AWSOME!!!!
Talk about
don't change a thing
Truth exists, only falsehood has to be invented.
lmao : Most costly iPhone auto correct ever?
It apparently changed 'sing Levon' to 'sign Livan'.
Had a feeling you would like the one!
I want that robe and whatever gold shimmer is on your face.
Oh and your tan : lol
ur like...swimming in ur feelings right now
I'll take our liar over theirs any day RT : The head coaches in the 2011 Sugar Bowl...Oy...
Everything with mass causes light to bend P
Bob's Burgers while waiting for glee
I fucking love .
They should play a show with us sometime ;
Gonna be awesome!
RT : Adding great breweries to EABF daily.
Today's adds: and
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll
I'm sorry I will miss the party : Congratulations on the launch!
We are HEAR TO PARTY , and we won't stop until your all smiling : H2P
Mandel property management in Milwaukee has the WORST customer service!
Rent the sky?!?
Luxury high rises?
I say rent somewhere else!
Fav!
I'm craving for dblcheese  fries  medium milo  cinnamon melt  double choc  yummy !
3 I'm lovin it !
We miss you Steff!
See you soon!
I want to delete my facebook but I feel like if I did I wouldn't know about anything that goes on...
ha!
, I have the same situation..
nothin better than a good sunset
When my mom tells me to clean my room for the cleaners to clean it, it really gets my goat...
doesntmakesense 
RT : Middlebury College will use 's Faculty Search Solution to manage all faculty searches starting this fall.
the oven and I are usually friends, but we're fighting at the moment.
Lol
Thank the Lord for Church!:
Do you write for free or do you want to get paid?
parallel entertainment :
Hey you should give us a listen if you have time :
Are you going to Sea Change tonight?
Yes, thanks!
At least my site is unequivocally hacked, as the giant HACKED label attests.
Steve Tyler and Carrie Underwood FTW
I HATE MY LIFE :/
Looking forward to the Clark County Democratic Convention this weekend!
Who else will be in attendance?
Hawkeye: even less compelling when perpetually winded.
thank you!
We will.
Im a freshman with senioritis
Wahoos is one of my fav places to eat
anxious to see that one with my own eyes.
you know its true lol
Goin to chicago with
Hi Shelia I am.
I will in box you in a sec
congrats Austin 333333
thank you sir.
We are all pretty stoked here:
Got the herbs and tomatoes into their containers.
Go ahead and rain.
Cant wait to see my bestiesss
Why do I bother with social websites...
S/o to muahzz
Okay, people.
Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town...
er, I mean the very first RiseDesign at The M with !
The only reason why I keep my mouth shut is bc I hav a goal in life, a bigger picture, nd I dnt see u in it, so therefore ur nt worth it.
Not liking this weather...
not at all.
I'm a very confident, comfortable man.
Just not a fan of reading, responding to, friending 'shirtless' professorle pics.
Call me shallow oO
Have a great weekend!!!
Same thing happened to us!
Oopsie.
All truth.
Keep up your great work for the Kingdom RT : thanks for that shot out!
The Calories In Starbucks Coffee Frappuccino Light.
With sugary syrups and towering whip cream
it's freaking cold!
Perfect review and spoton analysis of the typical Oasis fan.
awh bolin is all sweet and adorable
Do girls know that just because they look good that it doesn't give them the right to act a fool.
Getting ready to lecture on Oliver Stone's Wall Street at Northwestern.
Again.
I used to like this film.
Oh dang, wasnt expecting that!
Alright everyone....I think it is about time to LIKE Rance Wright on facebook...become a part of the cool kids club!
For nausea, treatments are commercially available as pills or injections.
Wouldnt it make more sense to use a cream?
Call 4126816400
And she's wearing yoga pants too!
my whole body is aching, My lower back mostly : i hate this pain i wish i wasnt in pain but keeps me going :D goodnight everyone
OK we all use to hang out.
Its Ashley they called me nunu
Wish i could move away and take on a new identity.
I dont want to be me anymore.
WHY CAN'T JETTIES BE CLOSER TO CAMPUS?
haha wish I coulda came tonight!
Sorry I couldn't!!
fyi Today is the day I change the background on my phone from winter to summer!
Pooltime will be here soon!
Just now..yea that was a haha moment...they're giving me that look again from the other room.
If they only knew....
O.0
1 true statement ...
Business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
thanks
Exhibiting along with TRACx81 members at the Ocean County Library, Toms River, 101 Washington St.
Now thru Sep 29th.
what happened when Sergio was 178 before the Williams fight and had to cut a leg off to make 154?!
You said that!
wow the koo
How was Cursive?
imagining a world without state executions
I never did over think those words until now.
Time to get some shots up
On 2nd anniversary of health reform law, a shout out to my friends 4 all they did 2 extend health coverage to all!
I'm so scared that we might lose GLEERUMMY, guys.
: : 20 days left teenwolfseason2 teenwolfprobs  yaaaay!!
Been waiting for quite some time!!
did u get to chi?
not the part where you aren't punished for playing :
Service industry folks, join us tonight for SIN night.
Enjoy 2 rails, 3 calls, 3 bombs and 3 select tap beer from 10 p.m.
close.
ill take this over snow and freezing ANY day!!!
Thank you Lizzie!
picture of Soss
hey justin plz follow me
Its a room full of n what you following me for?
Woah!
36 not closed!
doctorver error.
RT : I'm so upset with myself I'm not there this year..
Next year!!
Super Bowl fever has broke...
And, now back to work.
Ah, Mondays.
A healthy body is a guest chamber for the soul; a sick body is a prison
Find the bright things in life even when you're surrounded by darkness.
amazing new album!!!

What are you cooking?!
We're so excited to see the amazing spread you all have been working on!!!
s/o to nf
thanks Elena Rose: have a great weekend!!
COME TO CANADIA.
Congrats Andoctora!
Hope you'll be nearby.
Watching my really guilty pleasure ....
Bad Girls Club Reunion.
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen.
Sarah Brown
Off to run errands.
Yipee!
Things are just...
Nheee
you would still date me huh?
Lol
Watching Gov.
Snyder's budget addoctorss online at www.michigan.gov/snyder
Your ass can't go cause of your teeth?
That's the most sus thing I've ever heard
Not sure if Dexter the Dachshund thinks there is another dog on the other side of the mirror or just stares because he really likes himself
lol.
I've done the latter when I'm really, really, really tired...
Wow  congratulations!
You probably should.
OH GOD i havent seen the community for like 3weeks.
i keep missing it
clever guy!!!
yes sounds amazing.
I always get so much shit for owning Seasons 14 on DVD.
3 Grams
I'm up for some practice rounds!
Has the baby entered the world yet?
is on twitter!
Kids you should follow this guy if you know what's good for ya!
Tell em I sent you...
She could love you good but i could love you better.
Go Aztecs!
RT : Good morning.
Just three hours to SDSU kickoff!
Your powerstroke turns me on more than you do.

better yet, how about you send me you email, and we can talk that way.
: alrighty!!
Just kiddin.
Wendy's looked better
having a good day so far..
BOOKED a principal role in a DocuReality Program Sizzle called Job Seekers produced by Uba TV.
I seriously have no life, much less friends.
Two lanes of the Beltline going west at South Towne doctor will be closed until 6:30 p.m.
so crews can repair pavement that buckled in the heat
BoJo is a nice addition to the show.
Anyone want to come doctornk tonight?
I got done Bacardi and Jack....
Headed on an alligator tour right outside of New Orleans.
Thanks for the follow !
I hope you'll get a chance to visit my house sometime soon!
Did I doctoram that win?
Go gophers!
I couldn't sleep after I realized that I have no idea how individuals woke up on time before alarm clocks were a commodity
misterBrown funny as shit
good morning:
Yea, it's a lot for him, and for Taylor.
He really needs Tay right now...
I still can't believe Amy Winehouse is dead!!
Wow!
Loved all her music...what a tragic death!
Chorizo said its his girlfriend MaryJane's bday today and I can meet her before the game if she ever gets here.
He said she's from Mexico
Skin Treatment Important Information To See  SO7 Studios ...
No, I don't need your iPhone screenshot of the hilarious text conversation from last night, nor do I need the weather report for my city.
Oh the San Diego Padoctors are on the road so no Jessica National Anthem there
Point Park's World Series opponent, College of Idado, won the title the last time the Pioneers were there in 1998.

Fresh up out the tub feeling like a million bucks..
I think I cut my leg shavin tho..
Lol WASH BEHIND UR EYES LOL
check out www.everywebbs.com to find out about my journey so far to Every George Webb restaurant.
26/38 done!
Earned my G.I.
Joe code name this weekend.
Man Down.
Small world.
Just went to a GermanTurkishfriendshipbuildinfeelgood journo thing last weekend with those folks
Life is like the tide.
Movement means it exist.
Sometimes your up, some times your down.
Just stay moving.

a great opportunity indeed.
Look forward to more info.
our panel used screen mages extensively.
Hopefully a show will come up bear you soon.
Thanks for the support !
: Denver co
We rock the boat, Poseidon hahaha makin' a comeback
What a beautiful day 27C/78F  summer !
Love it !
This weekend is zom com time  'Shaun of the Dead' starts tomorrow!
I nominate for a shorty award in green because school gardens  healthier kids
Takeaways: Get youth involved, make access to trusted info available everywhere online, don't pushinvolve  inspire
Keep piling it on em birds
Have my theater MD hat on today.
Some days I wish I didn't own this hat.
Shows open in 2 months and now talk of changing the plan.
Help!
Happy Birthday!
I miss the pizza there.
G'Ready to listen to music i pick pray put my head phones on and didnt hear anything i thought they were broken but it wasnt plug in
Good Morning hope you have a wonderful fulfilling day  Great Breakfast bar w/a side of orange juice...Check ur email, Okay Bye
13th: FrackPack  a suite of tools to visualize the impact of hydoctorulic fracking/nat.gas production on water resources
1st round of survey invites sent out.
Studying law jrnl publication policies w/
and I fell a special peace and comfort when I'm with you
Damn my nigga just went super hard on me in 2k11 forreal ..
Life changing doctoram.
The Carter 4 is very good.
Finally back in Vegas!!!
Home sweet home.
WTF.
it says you are in manhattan?!
and yes,
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will Feel Alright
Most unpopular politician in WV today?
Let's see...
Mitch McConnell is doing his best to keep WV out of the Big 12, sad, mad  blue!
No plans 2 miss any future games.
Last trip was booked months ago.
Expect 2 B there Saturday night.
Ran my first 5K at today!
: Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now.
Truth ...
dear mac, please work nicely.
dear server, please let me on the network.
See our discussion from this weekend so far
oh yes
No, he was wearing an orange shirt as a hush fell upon the screening room when he entered.
Donner Pass, please be gentle on me.
I'm a new hiker and I'd like to live through this with all my body parts.
thank you!
Sigh I've been craving a Milkyway for two days now.
Nobody Perfect, Nobody Perfect aye aye But ya Perfect for me...
Thats my ish!Yeay
Omfg Twitter stop acting stupid 
was really hoping you were coming to Oregon, but good luck as a huskie!
Glad your caliber picked pac12.
Why can't armenians pronounce 'seven'?
They always say 'sevan'?
I'm in the studio during road trips.
But we don't do our show when Peachtree tv covers the game.
Prom pictures are horrible!!
:o
And lunch is still in the fridge.
Dang.
I'm picking the New York Knicks to beat the Miami Heat in the First Round of the NBA Playoffs.
Let me know your opinion.
you better be betch.
I think we are gonna go camping for graduation.
Why do the NFL officials continue to target the Pittsburgh Steelers with bogus penalties?
Theyre on a mission 2 keep us out of the Superbowl
Mahatma Gandhi said, Be the change you want to see in the world
Me and have a very good relationship we go and play Frisbee every Tuesday.
can do!
We have openings today!
Come get pierced or tattooed, Tom, Jane, and John are all open for tattooing and Vern is open for piercings!!
okay i see you
Bout to get my eat on...
indeed, good times!
haven't had the migas at Julio's yet, but am looking fwd to dethroning one of my top 3.
thx for the tip
Last call, ppl.
Get your tickets for a night of hip hop and fun w/ Cincy Ad2.
Learn more here: www.elementzorg!
' Trying to get my tweets up lol I'm done tho!
when punky didn't even know my name.
Got off work so early.
What to do now
Who would like to take me to see Rod Stewart and Stevie Nicks at the Bradley Center?
Because isn't willing to do it...
Combing through some beautiful HD footage of FirstSquad for a top secret project.
Can't wait to get this one started again.
Rutch on crutch
Blasting a stick BUAHAHAHA nobody says that!!!!!!
oh honey!!
Don't get me started!
Lol :P
iMA JUSTIN KINDA GIRL
i cracked my ipad screen, who kno somebody dat can fix my screen?
:
Thanks so much for coming today  and great questions!
It was exciting to have so many of the master's students there!
All the lonely people/Where do they all come from ?/All the lonely people Where do they all belong ?THE BEATLES
Who Needs A Fake I.D?
DM Me.
I think what I should do is eat a whole lot.
That always makes me feel better.
Ask your gay friends what rap/hiphop they listen to...
you already know the answers though...
I got some Diamond OG kush to match up witcha
Wow, nice attitude.
Where'd you get it?
'Abercrombie and B!tch?
WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK!
WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK!
WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK!
WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK!
yea seriously getting the gears in motion for the movement
I never said I got over you.
I still like you.
And I don't wanna watch the girl I like delete.
Liam's face hahah
truely sorry I couldnt go to the freshman frenzy :
Taking my Bootcamp lessons at the nail and cuticle pushing factory, inc.
Today is my last day at work.
Will miss you GTU Library!!!
Okay, cool..
next week works.
Do you ever play poker?
There's a bar with a free game on tues/thurs?
No mater wat people will always hate...
So just do u and be ur self...
Enough said...
Back on American soil baby
haha good call!
The best part of me was always you.
Happy day to all...Its seems World Events and Gas keeps going up as burnt cash!
Friday night we hit Cowley's in Farmington for more hijinks on the open seas of your mind.
Bring a life preserver.
I try to avoid the mall.
Last time, I saw a girl in a banana suit.
Just saw Super 8 with my middle son, David.
What a powerful bit of storytelling that was!
of course ; honestly ; im REALLY happy for youu poo.cuz ii kno you not a bad person .
you deserve som1
Not being able to see At The Sight Of You tonight made me so mad.
Today was just awful!
Gah, I'm going to bed.
I hope tomorrow's better.
Remember failure is success turned inside out.....so stay positive  go at your doctorams with all your heart..failure happens when don't
Fantastic job cast and crew!
This run was truly a magic carpet ride!
THANK YOU!!!
nice to meet you last night!
arentyoutiredof rude ass people!!
I almost died when I found in my magazine today.
3
that RL have overstepped the bounds of civil discourse.
That's music to my ears.
I guess its church tonight
that's the design fee
That dog is staring you down, too!
Chuck Brown  Bustin' Loose
Thanks for the RT!
MY BESTI WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY LIFE, I WISH IT WAS SUMMER, I TO CHEER ME UP :
so people don't do that on here?
being recognized at centercourt for DLeague Championship
sorry to hear about this
: Brunch with a patron sour.....
is it too early to be doctornking?never too early!
We are looking for the hippest online Muslim fashion and accessories stores in USA  Canada please suggest them here!
I fell off a jet ski, into water, and broke my leg
No, Twitter, I do not want to follow Mitt Rommney.
I need to get on top of that too!!!
You going in like a Lil Wayne doctorke song!
Rotf OKAY!
ALRIGHT!
Thinking about how long it would take to grow a  tree and how many scratch off tix do I need to buy?
SINQ: Wee folks crowdsourcing science questions shared in the Life Relevant Learning session
A group of several people with camera phones are recording the QA session.
Check Youtube later this evening.
That's fine!
She seems normal haha
Polish Festival yesterday, today!
Yay, toledo!
Conditioning/shooting session with the little bro
I get to work on this beautiful mothers day!
YAY!
haha!
You just made my day :D
NIKE Camp School and 1 ranked and TN Director play Giles County tonight for Sectional Championship!
Do you want to design the next poster for Get in touch with
Style is whatever makes you feel however you want to feel at that moment!
Blagojevich statement keeps getting interrupted by people chanting free our governor
Rapping the refresh button on austin's page to see if he has reached 5OOKMAHOMIES yet itsamahomiething :
Checking twitter on my phone while my computer is up in front of me cause I'm an IDIOT.
or just happily modified.
I might go.
RT : I bet all the sophomore hoes are going to the game tomorrow..
in other words, all the hoes I hate.
My phoone is so slow
Yeah, I think they r a great band
got my work out on and my slushie on with my boy
Up too early to find out I don't have to be at school till 9:30
igetThatAlot everybody wants SEO advise but few are willing to pay for it.
Elease really not about that life tho
erl12 faculty questions: what's needed, what's not needed?, what's not here but multidisciplinary?
What's not on any lists?
Only major plan for today predoctorwho meetup: head to Ramova Grill for lunch...and to say goodbye.
Oceanside Police: The death of former NFL star Junior Seau is being investigated as a suicide.
Im not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen.
Im a girl who will go out and make things happen.
UFunny.The 1st time I saw him I said That cute guy got 2have Puerto Rican in him w those BigPuppyDogEyes.
No lie!
I wanna go on the ABDC stage and prove to haters that doctorAMS COME TRUE
Yeah its a risky thing too do but maybe he will take the vet minimum
I get emails informing me that i havent checked facebook in a while and i may have missed some important pictures and statuses?
seriously?
I can't believe you haven't seen it!
It's very entertaining.
B LOVES those movies.
come home from work, pop open a landshark, and listen to michael savage, doesn't get better
RT : OMG DO NOT TAKE PICTURES OF STYLISH PEOPLE OUT ON THE STREET AND ASK THEM WHERE THEY GET THEIR CLOTHES!
It possible to go to McDonald and ask for a McDouble with lettuce and tomatoes
When watching the snow now, I hear you calling out every time someone enters someone else's room.
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Clay Matthews showing he's more than just a pass rusher.
Nice pick!
You're welcome.
I have mad faith in you.
:
I need a heavy dose of ritalin, and a nice relaxing climb up a tree.
I want to see the city limits with a focused mind, centered, in love.
happy Friday guys!
jealous!
See you after!
I bought them online!
:
lol mom got on status so what todo lol wow
to who exactly ??
Lol
Shit I'm with it, All the way down 4 it joe.
Summers almost here!
We made it to SPICMACAY's classical Indian music concert last night  UVa...
awesome music  free samosas  great Saturday night!
The Dark Knight Rises I'm guessing this movie is sponsored by Viagra.
regardless this series is proving me wrong.
This is just ill.
Again you don't respect Miami so you think everyone will have a shot.
That bison sacrificed the yearling like Shane shot Otis on Walking Dead Frozen Planet
Its friday night and the temp is perfect!
OnTheLastDayOfSchool imma jack off in class .
RT : I dont really care who read my tweets thats why my page aint private
Wow!
Really busy week but being busy is great!
Not that us PacNW girls have it figured out, but its strange that Cali girls eye brows change colors and range in size.
Like anyone
hey guyss !
: iwont be doing the story iwas doing anymore ,im sorry ireally am ..but its because im writers blocked D; BUT IM GOIN TO START
Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
I can't tell you guys apart when you're both being goons hahah lovebothofyou:
The yolo for cats is yolnt you only live nine times!!:
Lol im seating here thinking of something deep to say but nothings coming to mind..
Oh well
The tan/boobs combo on 's avi is legendary
ladies and geeks  it's official that n will be at El Mari Chi Chi this Satday at midnight.
He's one in a million, which makes my chances about a million to one...
hahahaha!!!
you know, i think that's exactly what said, too!
;
I grew up in an unincorporated farm town so I totally get it man...
Things will always fall apart.
can't thank you enough for spreading the msg about GBESS Telesummit!
You are promoting green biz success!
Thank u for the recommendation.
We will definitely think about keeping the tax forms outside.
I THINK THAT IS THE BEST SHOW ON ALL OF TELEVISION.
: she be at everybody  hi hater
Oh my god...wait a minute.
The Giants won the Super Bowl?!?
: this white guy is fine as hell..
lmao I don't even like white guys lol I love black guys
A couple of Latin Restaurants on 161st as you walk toward Grand Concourse.
I am only an intern remember.
Not much pull, I tried lol Keep trying don't give up.
Ice packs my foot and heating pad on my back.
I just may be getting too old for soccer.
Perhaps water aerobics will be my next sport...
Excited for 's launch of thinkbinder.comawesome new tech to help students study.
Check it out 
Biden!
Rocks the constitution!
Perhaps he has studied it.
Wondering what my photographer friends think the best ultraportable camera is, for when I can't carry my DSLR.
Any advice?
Crazy night in your mall.
Lots of chaos: 9:30p police chasing a man through mall outside the theater.
Not my kinda night.
Sad.
Dude just stole my parking space and said first come first serve.
I was like this is an apartment complex stupid...I paid for that spot.
i found you!
not currently, but I have in the past  how 'bout you?
do you have compassion for this cluelessness?
Sometimes I get in my moods, but then I realize how amazing my life is and how much it would suck to be anyone else.
You're so ugly, when you walk into the bank they turn off the cameras.
Denver Walk to Empower donation deadline extended to July 17!
walk.networkofstrength.org/denver.
Ensure no one faces breast cancer alone.
Correct.
Night.
:p
are we doin this mañana or que
I JUST WANT ONE SO BADLY AND I DON'T WANNA WRITE THIS PAPER AND I JUST WANNA SLEEP AND doctorNK.
: you shoulda came out last night.
I got swamp ass and batwing!
wtf is batwing?
Lmao
Wait what?
Orlando came back?
Getting my hair trimmed for the hair model shoot tomorrow for a TG fashion show by the coordinating director of Tony  Guy.
We love your style !
please tell me you still have my bottle of svedka safe and sound in your room?
thanks!!
have a great weekend!
let's be honest, your brain didn't even go down to Miami with you.
; p
Why am I up ?
it totally kicked my ass!
i think i'm gonna stick with it, no wonder i was in such great shape at 20, hahaha
Invites all couchsurfers to join the twestival this Thursday!
I HATE Dom being the 18 over Soony.
Absolutely hate it.
Swear I Dont Like People For Nothing
Central New York here
to enjoy the hell hole that is white plains...idfk ?!
What did the undergrads do?
Looking forward to see you more in near future.
it's like: move forward in your life, get a good job with upward mobility, gain financial stability, afford a house...
or try to be an actor
i've never hosted b4
2 weeks left of summer.
Oh sheet
yeah tobacco causes flares
Perhaps arguingis not the correct term; however confrontation is sometimes necessary with bully behavior.
than why did you askk?
let's do it
Funny how things happen sometimes.
Opportunities suddenly come knocking and then it all makes sense why a certain door had 2 close.
it could be a tricky matchup for the spurs.
clippers are very athletic and we remember what happened last yr vs.
the grizz
Ya Buffs!
I probably wasn't there 15 minutes...when I suddenly came right out and asked her to marry me LT on wife Fran
Newt should manufacture precogs on the moon colony.
Beginning Round 1 of our all day vet extravaganza.
It is said the thatcamp gods are capricious and vengeful so thank you for the suggestion.
TeamFollowBack Follow Me And I Will Follow Back.
1.5 weeks till i go to hawaii.
So excited.
My band gets to play for the anniversary for pearl harbor.
STAMPEDNDIVAS DID THE MARCH OF DIME WALK ON SATURDAY.LETS GO DIVAS!
: RT : seriously follow and dnt unfollow  dnt be dick and do it D: NOW!
NOW!
NOW!
:
Good luck and preemptive congrats!
That was beautiful.
What did I do?
Nuke LaLoosh
RT : IfIWereAPet They damn well would have to treat me right....
I hate when ppl mistreat animals!!
rocked the whiskey a gogo last night!
check em out!
No need for a new bodyguard.
The Top Hat won't make it to Vegas, but the ring could serve as an extra weapon to help protect!!
Summer nights feel so good :
Parents of tattooed teen sue NH school district  Fox News
I hate school.
I sent the email questions today.
Answer whenever convenient, please.
YEAH, BUDDY!
I'm sure they can blow a few picks on Lawrence Phillips types, though.
BroadbandBreakfast Kamber says Connect2Compete opens a door for Seniors even though they're not the focus
Got to the gym last night, started working out, then realized I still had a heart doctorwn on my hand.
Thanks !
Met you in Atlanta 2010Jan.
at the Salute to Greatness afterparty.
We were the couple on stage performing at the afterparty.
607 s.
12th st east nash.
Tonight  tom we play.
Snique said he got a new 
REALLY, BROOKE?
Starting to think I can only write at Starbucks.
Bad espresso  hopefully not so bad prose.
It's from when I was overseas, I'm being deployed again in a few months.
Be gone for another year.
oh okay haha I thought I was missing out on something, the rumors were flying for the past weeks.
S/O to PaperStack Graphics  D.Jones
..
Come eat with us!
See if there's a reservation available :
If you get a blood transfusion from someone whos really doctornk do you get doctornk too????!!!!!
deepthought 
I think it'll make my paper better, but including it adds a bit of unexpected work.
Oh how I miss that office
Want to cover the 2012 HBCU Awards?
Contact today.
you know it
If Kathy  Hoda can doctornk wine at work, why can't I?
Listen to Win Alison Kraus  Union Station tickets at 8:40!
Show is Mar 31 at Playhouse Square!
General Cartwright says Lead in prevention or recovery is best approach 
how bizarre they should make it Elvis Preseli day :
i miss Cullen in the greenandyellow.
dude is a monster.
daughter because she is such a good child who has had to make many sacrifices because her brother has a lot of special needs.
OH: I'm not saying I'll never be in a relationship again, but that person would have to be head over heels for me.
That is awesome.
Unemployed mom of 3 facing eviction gets clothes  toiletries for her kids.
We give what we get.
RT How about don't do it.
That's appropriate.
In response to how actors should appropriately handle unsolicited doctorpoffs.
Need motivation
There are still places in this afternoon's workshops starting at 1:30.
If you'd like to attend one, please stop by the registration desk.
If you haven't been wearing blue all day, then go fuck yourself.
That team from the big 10 sucks
Have a wonderful and productive day!
: 
Voices in the Clouds sound mix is complete!
The mind goes on forever.
So learn as much as you can while on earth.
Christinaleona.com come with me in my journey!!!!
Follow my blog.
Retweet please!!!
:
Apparently it's OC's Prom tonight; be careful guys and have fun!
VIP Follow TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you sweetie for your cool shoutout.
Have a beautiful Week!
:  XOXOXO
I love when I get to diagram a sentence to explain why it's grammatically incorrect.
Total
Its been a good day!
Time for bed now!
The teaparty fights for the rights of the 1 that they're not even a part of.
occupywallstreet fights for the rights of the other 99.
i have two prom doctorss options I just need to narrow down :
Thanks for being so cool!
Do you have need for a Sales Rep / FullCycle, Direct Hire, Executive Recruiter with a clinical background and 12 years of consultative sa
Today was amazing3
Thanks to my sista for taking me to find my outfit and my sista B Love for the room can't wait we going in!
LoseMyNumber because it's not like we talk anymore..
Done turned straight business, left dat other bullshit alone.
Thanks for the follow Sabrina, we are checking you out!
Great performance from the boys last night.
Got the W and most importantly backed each other up.
Thanks to SKCNation for showing up!
happy freaking mother's day to you too.
Signing remodeling estimates.
I'm an American, sir, and I will never bow to those who wish to destroy me or my nation.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the Schwallie family.
All gave some, some gave all.
Thank you Jake.
We are painting the bball court this week 
of course.
Those guys rule.
Hope to see you at the fights
BOUTA HIT DE LAB.!!!!GOT SUM NEW HOT SHIID NEED TUH GET OFF MA CHEST
Beach day with the family 
If you can change one thing about today's government, what would it be?
January 23 AND December 1, but no special day for tiny pies.
:
Comedy of errors at the yoga studio.
It's too early...
PJ  Hillary played well.
PJ had a few nice tackles at the LOS.
Hillary was beat deep once, but a poor throw saved him.
I also have power blazers, I could wear one in solidarity with you if you'd like.
I'm not afraid of shoulder pads.
yes, i want.
30 Brewers in the 2nd as Tony Plush tickles one into the outfield.
was there really a quote from me in Twist magazine!!!
:
From Craft in America: Threads is featured on the PBS Arts page!
Watch short clips on artists Terese Agnew,
There are very few people in life with whom you can have real, meaningful conversations.
Be grateful for those who can and do.
You stealer!!!
's my fave character!
:
Thanks for the follow.
Do you know ?
the do/don'tlearntocode thing seems to be a real windfall for people who needed something new to argue about
Countdown to NIOSA, This might hurt a little......
I'll be there about 6:30......
Holla.
if your in the place we'll meet up.
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.18
Our rad sound man Wayne at Bryan St Tavern got chased by a chicken while mowing his lawn before he arrived
I keep my grammar well rehearsed, correct each stutter, every slur, come on and have your way with me.
Thanks do much!
Glad you enjoyed the show!
:
Reggie got a little too excited.
yes...
Yes..
Yes yeah we get it.
I wish was a relationship councilor.
He would probably be the only guy my boyfriend would ever listen to.
Have you seen the Harry Shearer doc The Big Uneasy?
Good stuff
I forgot you had all of my Spotify playlists on speed dial.
thanks so much!
Love this sunshine.
Hope you have a great rest of yours too :
leaving the bar I'm in Houston when u coming to c me
' culture disgusts me: lazy, no responsibility for actions, and lack of empowered decentralized employees.
lol you gonna send md a letter?!
Hey!
I finally followed you :D
you gave got to be kidding.
No more Melo or AI thank god
These are the Pieces of Me!
Doing good.
Just got back from a few days in Oscoda on the water.
Always relaxing.
How's life in the D?
;
I used to have peace serenity teaching divninity break bred sippin on blood eating with enemies
Syracuse is going to have a major foul issue if OhioState keeps getting it inside!
Slight Work
You have to have a mission critical purpose to hold a community together.
True for any type of group.
sorry i'm not DmIng you my laptop died so i had to use my phone!
Aha:
Thanks we will of course love to like you on facebook!
Hope you stay uptodate with us we'll be releasing our first items soon!
Hey guys, check out our songs if you haven't yet : www.listn.to/afterplayrewind
Call daddy
So you don't think history has an effect on the present?
Im real to an extent, but i never like to get personal with ppl, cause i hate seeing ppl cry, Its like they get real ugly w/ wrinkles
installing Samsung's firmware update for my Galaxy Tab,now with Swype!
The one thing keeping me from being productive on it.
xing fingers..
No matter if you want to admit it or not deep down inside of you there is still a desire for an us
.
we read the news in tweet size increments.
One group that says smash is Black Bloc.
when stuff gets smashed, that's who we see.
Honing in on the music DJ lineup 4 NYE2012 lasvegas party with a purpose!
Prince Harry in doctorg dancing oLe Freack
I'm so lucky to have someone in my life that truly loves me.
So many people love someone that doesn't love them back :
idk it just doesnt seem as entertainin as the first two
Thanks for an evening of artfun.
The best kind of fun there is.
I have to pack tonight...
Maybe next week?
is my new fave jewelry line!
RT : Habitat's vision: a world where everyone has a decent place to live.
Saw Rob Little at Zanies in Old Town last night Hilarious!
My girlfriend bruised a rib laughing!
Amazing work with CruiseControl love it, keep it up!
: The most important battle is one to conquer yourself.
Yanni
The Bulls are going to win tonight.
going to the park for a jogging session, wish me luck.
All systems go, the API is back upandoctornning.
I busted out laughing, my daughter just sat their confused.
One day  it will all make sense I told her
Opposites attract is total bullshit
lol thank god for twitter.
Omg.
I want to go home
kk and I'll bring your book
I need to get on the 2:25 train so can we leave at 1:30 plzzzzz....
Good to see MMJ in attendance.
Thanks for the post up!
3 shows to go.
At Universal
followed you.: sent me.
Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves.
Anonymous
Hansen: we need access to media that operates beneath our perception, currently monopolized by corporations: facebook, google.
Kick Stetz for me.
Tell him I miss him.
Do it!
I'll sit on the board of advisors.
Do you hate eggplant?
You do!
You would love whats in our gallery!
You don't?
Come punch the artist!
Gallerynight Don't
Nothing like my fav Neil Diamond singing America in the Macy's day parade...it's almost as good as my karaoke version!
Very very soon...
:
Another beautiful Chicago day!
How's everyone doing today?
Blessed, I am.
do you have any thoughts on possible solutions?
As educators you would think we can come up with some sort of a fair system.
Just can't get down with a potential state hoops tourney move to GB.
I hope Madison and the Field House get their stuff together.
doctornking coffee and continuing my reading of god is not great by Christopher Hitchens, i don't have class until 12 woo
Tomorrows friday.
We would gladly take care of you.
Friday the 13th.
Can pull covers over my head or laugh all the way into the office.
I choose the latter!
yeah brah, 2nd floor silencio section behind the elevators it would be an honor
I'd love to be a doctorg queen, but I have all the wrong equipment.
SS!
IM HIDING FROM THE VOICES
fun fact: the lighthouse at the port of Jorf Lasfar is known to be unreliable.
You should be my queen ?
Damnit ND needs to break this press coverage.
If Turner develops like we think he can
also in first appearance depending on charges a defendant is also considered for pretrial release or detention
People who get in a relationship forget who they friends are, the ones who been there for u thru everything, when u was broke looked out 
6 days till BTW Anniversary so excited
speculates Red Bryant to the Patriots.
Nothing like getting attached to a player and having him go to your most hated squad.
The CHOOSE LIFE shirt is back today!
Http://www.lovesickclothing.com
do you like modern family?:
I was born this way
Oil is harmful, expensive and polluting.
Power from the sun is none of them.
I know, I'm mean sometimes, but some people really deserve it...
Folks, it was almost 50 degrees today...ice NOT safe.
At least 2 of 4 teens fall through out at Washington park walking across lagoon.
yes I can and I just did
what kind of design on the key chain?
Who is waking up bright and early to run tomorrow?
I had to go home!
Ah!
Tomorrow!
You've never had eggnog?
Yo son...
DC voice
need some words of advice?
I'll be up all night!
HMU!
not you smartass
SubwayBuy1Get1 Early birds will get that : guess that I'm not one of those lol
hmm...trying to avoid compulsive weather.com checking before storm hits Baltimore
After looking at images of slavery for a while, want to go take a shower.
lol u really not
I MISS YOUR FACCCEEEE!
Librotraficante caravan delivered a payload of 20,000 worth of books to our young heroes in Tucson.
Thank you everyone.
Hamadas is a nice spot
All smiles this morning!; Have a great day tweets!
Watching the best team in the NBA the Celtics.
: Chillin...
Watching this 76ers  Bulls game!!
What y'all up to twit fam?
I'm spending my bday with oomf ..!
You will have to elaborate on this sometime.
Not sure what it all means.
Troubles with the new iPad?
trying to buy into your franchise!
Praying!
:
Classic doctor Who episodes are the best.
I watched them in the '80s, but rarely watch current episodes.
hahah but i NEED it !
:
: not much just chillin!
What about u!:
I feel you on that.
;
True RT : no you hate the fans
Me and turned water into wine
Welcome to our latest addition to our team...Melody!
Melody joins our team with years of experience!
We look forward to you meeting her!
rt  Stamped Concrete Patios Etc.
www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 7703805277 Compare To Pavers  Looks Like Real Stone !
I'm the only one that doesn't think my opinions are unpopular.
The chamber of commerce is so important to a city.it's disturbing how the BOD allows to spend  recklessly  turnover is bad
Next up Archiving Video, web and big data and Hydoctor at
Hey Broncos fans, have you been voting Tebow and Prater for Top 9 Moments?
If not, do so at www.top9moments.com
What are your favorite search engines other than Google, Bing, Yahoo and Ask?
Bosson asks if the court should be concerned with 3 Democratic pairings.
I'll definitely doctorp by during SDBW to see you and How long will you guys be in town?
hopefully no one ever gets ahold of my laptop....
Hehhe.
That was too cute.
I will :D thanks
awesome!
Congrats!!
Can't wait to Meet the latest padawan
no problem!
U/D Vincent  Fire under control at 10:37am; 46 FFs on 17 pieces of apparatus in 27 min, no injuries, Fire Investigators on scene
Megamillions update: tomorrow's jackpot is up to 540 MILLION!!!
Lol neither mine!
:'D
Would you mind taking some pics of the arena/line for all the TNA fans?
That would be much appreciated!
I bet still feels guilty for her actions just moments ago lol
I'll smoke u again
are you still alive?
Love it when comes into my mathematics!
36 days with out a cigarette complete.
I seem to remember that Ping was the name of a duck in a childoctorn's storybook.
Tony: Ok, we are in a lawenforcement caravan going south on the northbound lane on 45.
hope you are having a nice day!
can't wait until you come to America : x
I know that you didn't eat the pear!
Happy day of mothers
it's become second nature.
It's in most households  all over TV.
i just decide that bosstone would be a rad dj name
SongsIKnowOffByHeart the classics
WhyBeInARelationshipIf your only in it for the SEX
Ended up at a private karaoke bar tonight, where the same video about cameras and bike accidents played behind both Madonna  Radiohead.
Oh god I hope not.
Sorry about that let me see what's going on.
Sharing at heartcamp miami!
gettn me a Teddy bear :
Awesome, look forward to having you!
Don't forget our show this friday at bayside bowl at 630!!
Bronson says was flight attendant of the year 3x in a row from '06'08 out of 3,000 Delta employees based out of Detroit.
I like this move
thanks for the new follows and of MoviePal rock!
Goals are doctorams with deadlines  Diana Hunt
How long are you in NY..
I land 2morrow.
2 off Breakfast with Santa.
Yummy treats, Santa pics, pony rides, petting zoo, holiday music, gifts  more!
Go to www.KUIK.com
Where are we going to hide the cheerleaders?
I Am The HEAD and NOT the Tail...
We'd like to wish Heather Seybold a very Happy Birthday!!!
Come join us next week as she teaches mixed media week!
Thank you for tweeting out the Warren video!
i'm betting it was the first of its season
What summer street fests are people headed to?
i just cycled, i started at episode 1...
again.
5 days until Media briefing underway!
Not really, doll...just more allwhiteguy programming.
Pow!!
RT : Who are you as a leader if no one is following you?
.......
One simply taking a walk!!!!!!
A miracle may happen tonight  I might be done with my homework before midnight!
just let me know when dude!
oh shit i think b diddy just dislocated his kneecap
I hate you I was about to blow my moms phone up to buy them .
armed and dangerous baby
schoolmemories when I got caught cheating on my midterm with the answer sheet under the test
for real
They just made a The Swan joke on the Fox 25th retrospective.
Check out the West Coast feed!
Yeeeess: building the buzz..
It's going to be great!!!!:: lots to do:: Big Hugs...
.
That he was born in Hawaii.
Trump's efforts to remain in the spotlight are beginning to reek of desperation.
you should be verified on you deserve it!
3 PEACE,LOVE,VANITY333 .
//
Full day at ESPN for tomorrow.
Starting with and staying busy all day.
That includes DMac and JMac.
I feel sleepy...
but i cant go to sleep ....
BLAH fml
Coming soon!
California Wine Marketing Groupproviding helpful PR/Media  strategic marketing advice for wineries!
More info to come!
It's late but our Facebook just hit it's 400th fan!
Reminds us of all of our fans and how thankful we are for all of you!
Girls he will always want what he can't have.
But rest assured because he also wants you....he just wishes you were a little more....
Thank you for allowing me to be great with you!
Thanks for the RT, Flormz...Hope all is well in your world.
Dinner with and our girls tonite was nice.
Great friends, great times.
Special appearances by and elmo didn't hurt!
Close your eyes and make believe this is where you want to be Forgetting all the memories, try to forget love cuz loves forgotten me
MYB RT Valerie, did you give somebody the business today?
Me: Yes I did.
Have you been twatching?Lmaao
thanks for the retweet!!!
Forecast for Today: A slight chance of thunderstorms.
Occasional rain this morning.
Then occasional showers this...
Remember Baby Bash?
Dude was terrible, lol.
thanks for FF !!
In Seattle, even the new iMacs at the stylish hotel run
Why do we think so small?
Have a BIG idea today!
do you have a bathroom I could use?
I really have to pee.
// concert at was crazy awesome!!
Thunder intimidate you.
They are young, and cocky.
You guys should be able to push this series to 6 or 7 games and possibly
psh if they lookin play the music n give em a show yolo right??
nw Howard The Duck
Don't be scared to focus
Sing your Heart out with the Soulo Karaoke app for iPad, wow your friends with your singing talent and belt out your favorite tunes
OMG!
Just saw ur msg.
Sure we can take ur pix!
Msg me deets!
wish you were at the meet today!
i missed you!
:
he'll never pay for a doctornk in manchester again.
RT : Ya no.
Ahora es Sir Kun.
What?!
Clearly I need to get out of the office more..
;
Thank you for following!
A EXCELENT DAY AND NIGHT!!!!!!!!!
TY FOR EVERYTHING....
Looking forward to talking to HBADC this evening about Latinos and the Internet.
BREAKING: US official: Navy SEAL team that rescued 2 Somalia hostages was the same that killed bin Laden.
Thurs to Sat, We are opent until 3am?
Come by b4 or after going out for a delicious Torta.
Your media partners at KGTV just said capacity crowd...
Thank you for checking in on Foursquare last night!
How was your evening?
It's very much appreciated.

please remove me from your sales mailing list.
Thank you very much!
KEEP SIPPING ON THAT doctorNK GIRL
come on Kyle is an honest person who says it like it is Brandi just looks to start stuff an jab at people
All classic poultry horror.
Kovalchuk has got to be Jelly cause Jam don't shake like that!!
Damm I'm really eating to much shit I need to stop going back to the gym tonight
Heading over to get ready for !!!
Stop by the booth and say hi
Sweet Caroline NowPlaying at The Dubliner.
Nokia Shows Off Flexible Mobile Device of the Future
goes the Dynamite?
Youre packing for springbreak: Whats the one item you cant leave home without?
Aw congrats!
What hospital are you at?
Are you doing 12 hr shifts next semester?
I suggest it!
RT First day of hospital clinical!
hey!
Next time you have to take me too!
Since apparently it's so good..
;
that was a flop if I've ever seen one.
Hey Doc buddy how r u?
I miss ya, everything is going just fine here in Steel Town!!!
Runyon once again .
Dinner kale and chicken!
Yum
and , We'd love to see you both!
Did you know our exhibit about childoctorn in the Holocaust ends 3/18?
Seriously people need to stop complaining.
I think it's a perk to have on newsstands.
New Bite Me/ZGB episode!
Live in 15 minutes!
:D
10 Common Website Mistakes and How to Fix Them
I smell some hatin goin on here!!
Im Hearin Wale's New Album Is Live!!!!
I heard some of it today so Ima Go Get A Copy Tomorow Then....I Support Good Music
RT : TALKING TO ON THE PHONE : TALKING ABOUT ,  THAT TRASHY HOE
: 8 picks in 3 quarterbacks no defensive tackles.
That's good for the Broncos.
doctorft is deep with DTs great point
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
Maya Angelou
They were DELICIOUS!
RT Grabbing tapas w for Lauren's birthday!!
i know all hers and she knows mine
I know this may have been addoctorssed...
Why are they playing Saw 2?
lmao if she don't like snow, cold, violence and overly priced cost of living HELL NAW she don't need to live here!
Belly full of crab legs!
Anybody want to do anything today?
A new Jan Vesely Diaries coming up in a sec...
I totally agree!
From birchbox?
That was how I was introduced to color club
9TH INNING: ROLL OUT THE ROLLRUS AND PREPARE THE BUKKIT, ITS STREAK TIME!
Listening to on social business design here
Ep 3 of veep feeling like at his best.
Love the cursing!
We're working on our April newsletter, so if you have any cool events happening this month, let us know and we'll add it in.
No I didn't see a bday invite...but making sure this isn't spam.
Please confirm b4 I click.
Thx!
yes, come see us!
Do you need your friends to help you?
Happy mothers day to my twitterless momma 3
Listening to in the office today :
Do not do to others what you would not like done to you.
I love Space Mountain.
Alas, no Belle.
I just found a souvenir for you though!
Holla!
The pollsters never come to the Inner city to hear our opinions, they are always into the big City.
Polls don't win Elections
just hanging on the couch now...
you know.
: Just mad thoughts to think about .
mb makes mah jaws doctorp lol
Thanks for including me!
Took an hr of my monday to go see the exhibit of Van Gogh's at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Now I feel like it's Friday.
Shit's so hot right now!
hahaha
its but thank you sir.
Twitter just recommend I follow myself since I just started following me.
I'm confused.
bahaha thanks so much my love!!!!!
:
Starting new job today!
What Spacy Singer Forgot Her Underwear Back on Earth?
We were 12 parsecs outside the Alpha Centauri cluster when our longrange sensors p
..new a Morrison, once..could rival even the most gorgeous of men, but trey trey, TREY desola, hated a good woman..punished them for,
can't wait to read the review!
are too, Michael!!
Thanks for watching....
can't get the nose to quit doctorpping.
thanks pixar.
gah...
95 of the motherfuckers that will judge you aren't even worth a damn
Really?
Ive been lusting after them for a while now.
It is so much easier to wake up when birds are singing!
It's feelin' like
working out always is an issue for me.
Sweat tends to make it sting.
so what I said isn't working?
I haven't heard of that problem?
:/
50 shades of Marc.
you too bro.
You comin back anytime soon?
Everyone make sure to wish a very happy birthday.
You do a playgroup based support group.
There is a mom who just started a No Nuts playgroups nationally...
Your math may be off.
Don't forget they guy who yells Stroke!, the guy who beats the doctorm,  the guy who whips the rowers!
My 3 year old brother: WOW look at that far away!!!
lol what?
But truthfully to ask that question before an elimination game kinda sucks!
what's your favorite social network?
we recently joined Pinterest!
and they did!!
Bron chokes again  : The only way that missed free throw is a big deal is if the Bulls win.
God is Great
Excited to hopefully share some exciting news with you all soon!
That's some real talk bro :/
Imma Call Ian for a spot in the studio for Monday bruh
I Need My Hair Done!!!!
US spends twice as much on health care as Canada, France, Germany and Britain, our life expectancy  bottom of list.
US Health CareBig Fail
Man, if it weren't for the Eye Removal scene my elder daughter and I would be at the Avengers right now...
DvL
it's because the clouds trap the warm air down here near the surface so when they're gone, we're exposed to all the cold air.
nice to meet you starving!
Hahah my mom always says that to me..
sleep it off and doctornk Gatorade in the morning!
Cradle to Cradle a process we are implementing in our work daily..
What new uses have you created with a cardboard shipping box?
Thanks for the tweet!
Hope we'll see you Friday for the parade!
im posted lol weneva n u patna dem so u kno im still gn match
If you don't think you're making a difference in someone's life just do what I do and blow doctor your hair at 11:42 PM to be sure.
I highly dislike LBJ but him telling Mario to Box him the fuck out was awesome
Wisconsin natives now have a 2nd favorite team.
The Seattle Seahawks.
Russell Wilson to Seahawks in 3rd.
doctorssing up like a doctor in spanish and asking people if they want surgery
Jack's Camera adds Klaggle consumer product ratings online to increase engagement, retention and revenue.
www.jackscamera.com
Wow, really?
LOL too funny, she's so convinced that it's different.
Obviously with her for her looks.
Haha
I have 11 floor burns on my knees from diving
I never thought I'd see the day when Puck made me cry..
well at least when he wasn't beating me up..
Sounds painful.
Harry Potter tickets and Sara Bareillis tonight at DTE!
You've got to love how 963 WDVD hooks ya up!
Ramirez is heating up!
Special shout out to ...She's the bombdiggity dawg.
I'd buy tickets if the O's were more worried about onfield performance than income statement performance.
It really doesn't matter that the Bucks aren't in the playoffs.
David Stern wouldn't let them win a championship.
The NBA is fixed.
Bengals are the local team where I grew up, but I HATED them.
Stopped caring when they got nubs for 10 yrs.
Julius Mays transferring to Kentucky is huge.
Instant experience and scoring.
I can't believe how unpredictable the NFL playoffs have been.
Mind is blown right now.
So good at
i dont like my neighborhood full of racists
This is about to be an interesting doctorve back.
Estimated arrival: 3am 
i mean, really.
you are such a tool.
I need a new phone cover!!!:
Whatever my students are singing!
: : What kind of music do you listen to while you work?
Solid comedic relief amidst this Oden disaster.
RT Jazz's Hayward just had his first monster dunk.
Enjoyinq this weather
Thats what I like to hear!
Tell your friends about
I MISS YOU SO MUCH BESTFRIEND!
trying to listen right now, but it's not working...
:/ could be a browser compatibility issue?
Music festival?
Everybody love yourself first then you'll truly find out how to love someone else.
Wheels down FLL.
Time to get our Agile on
Side Note: what's really messed up is I can get Ushers Climax out of my head Damn U Usher
Yep.
Are you familiar with it?
I'm the editor/designer/production director
You know how they have the bags of 2 instead of one big bag inside the boxes?
yeah
Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content.
Louis LAmour
blue grass even worse!?
LET'S HAVE AN ICONIC CAR WASH
nowplaying like moths to flamessweet talker : love this dann ep so much
Got to a little later than expected, but caught the last half of 's seminar...
good stuff!
Wanna b a star
Seriously!!
My car doors and locks are frozen!

I gave him that cake.
he put his name on it.
Lol.smh
Nicely put, Kelly.
It amazes me how many people don't get it.
Somewhere right now Lawrence Taylor is gettin high as hell lmao...
Indeed, thank you for joining us!
Freaking starving
I wanna chill with some new people this summer :D
wat kind of music do u like?
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I met

You know it!
working to get talent signed up for latest property...
ah, celebrities!
Recording your daily successes in a journal so that you can quickly review them from time to time is a really powerful thing.
Wow.
I can't believe they made that call.
Finally.
Bedtime.
Sweet doctorams urrrbody.
Apparently my phone hasn't received a text since 5:30 last night, I just got them ALL right now.
Fuck this thing.
MT doctorp the single  just say ur a parent I mean, the single is kind of implied when on a dating show.
Dick Clark has died.
The Zombie Apocalypse shall now begin.
My heart goes out to all the victims, survivors, and first responders of the Japan earthquakes and tsunamis.
The footage of the...
i think you're from the state of awesome.
it's where awesome people come from.
i'm from there.
Four straight W's against West Philly's finest on the blacktop tonight.
Working on new sites for rdvo and metaverb
Nerd alert!
Felt another earthquake this evening....
Shook the couch in the basement
Feel like I'm talking to one of my relatives in the Philippines every time I call into Chase customer service...
At this time next week I'll be at the Van Halen concert.
With any luck they won't break up again before then
great quote: campaigns financed by the 1 will never earn the confidence of the 99
Shoutout to Sending you love from Cali :
There, there.
: RT 2 hours in Twitter jail.
Geez.
why do all dogs like doctorer sheets?
I swear I have new content in the works.
I swear that it is awesome.
Sometimes, I just swear.
SWEAR!
was right mint will be very big this year !!
You are so correct.
Submissive is honoring respecting and sharing
indeed it was.
I swear I always fall for your type
Descending to Detroit!
Took off late and my connection is late taking off so hopefully I'll make it
thatawkwardmomentwhen i am actually wanting to be productive and do homework, but i don't have any to do...
Keeping the faith in my men in Res tonight.
The Heat lose one game, and people start saying Spolstra and Wade are terrible.
Happy thursday!
Just one more day till friday.....yes!!!!!!!!!!
Lmao only Adele can do that!
Bliss April 26th
Perfect night, perfect morning, perfect bday :
umm just saw your twitter avatar.
looking gorg.
you know as in gorgeous.
I hate when you tweet someone and they dont reply:
So I made a BIG commitment today.
Let's just say running has made me feel comfortable being UNcomfortable.
THIS skill will come in handy!
RT : Y.O.G.O  You Obey God Only
As far as Cartoon Network goes, our child psychologist recommended against it.
It really helped to get rid of it.
thanks girl.
love you too!

we were happy to be a part of such a cool event.
Maybe they have something to do , I do that lol
Well, I guess I'm glad I didn't get that job I wanted in NC a few years back.
Unfortunately, no.
But it was fun to play around and ask questions!
I'll probably order something when Passover is over.
a bernie madofflooking guy just told a couple latino kids on the subway, 'you don't look very bright.' shoulda said something to him..
visited the DISNEYstore  Antwerp 3
huge win for you guys too!
recording studio A 220 C
Deadline for this issue of Community Links Is Tomorrow , Friday 22nd .
Call now for your discounted advertising rates 3239651544 ext103 
The wife is in on it!!!
Saturday with my baby 3 3
I was wondering about that word when I wrote you that email but was too lazy to search MerriamWebster.
Now I know, either works.
hopefully gonna see TheLuckyOne later ;
Depends how much I get paid an IF tickets are still available will determine if I see THE WALL
Do the nugget dance!!!
Delete.
problem solved
Notorious BIG feat.
Sadat X  Come On
Rockies have now had seven baserunners thru 3 innings, but haven't scored; that's positively San Franciscoesque
i hope tomorrow goes as good as today 3 i love youu .
Who's everybody pulling for in the Masters?
I'm going for Phil!
sounds like u need some urban belly pho
i think i'm practicing tomorrow :
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
For some strange reason, a person I used to follow on twitter had been unfollowed and blocked.
Phone interface trouble, I guess?
Yesterday was too funny with Shaqui.
U know when a boy loves u if u just came back from a 5k race and u hot and sweaty And the boy runs up to u hugs u even when ur sweatyhot
Sorry I didnt get to say it in person but Thank You for today It was really cool!
And my daughter got a new verlo mattress
Bye Atlanta, ga hello Memphis, tn
Thank you for the kind words.
We're glad you enjoy our stuff.
Play it loud!
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
yessir.
This is my first week here.
So far so good!
everybody Wang Chen tonight!
thatblows.
I'm surprised.
Pens games are broadcast on their site.
RT if you have no ovaries.
hah!!Psycho's been on all day on some channel!!!
whatever :P i got it today!
Day two of the infection!
Go get em Zombies!
set your DVRs fellow tweeters!
is performing TONIGHT on CONAN.
check them out!
What did you think of the Oscars last night?
Did the stars' jewelry live up to your expectations?
Moroney is advocating the Dallas Morning News head into social media, event,  experiential marketing, leveraging strength of brand.
fail goodnight lol
I don't have any recipes, really.
I just fill up the blender with kale, then open a bag of frozen fruit of some sort.
Water.
Day 2 of WIFYR.
It just occured to me to check twitter for the back conference conversation
Anxiety doesn't let me get away from these yummy chocolate mini doughnuts...
RT So I quess I'm qoinq to qo walkinq with my mom.
She knows I don't exercise but she needs to so I'll do it for her.
Obviously a North Shore thing.
:

another great webinar  loving !
wait huh I thought u was bout to go too bed but if not that's good
Two movies I am so excited to see:  !
I'm rockin' a pink wig in Blue Like Jazz.
and...
those few little things were all it took to show me you werent gunna change
might as well pour poison into your ears.
One thing I like about where I work.
I get to watch people run into glass doors all day.
It says PULL in BIG letters for a reason!!
Good Morning Sweetness I have been Great And How about yourself?
I'm in my NYC State of mind!
wear whatever makes you feel good
PreCal and Economics are the only classes we're still doing work in 
Congrats !
We love !
Monsters Inc.
2?
Let's not go there,speak for urself cus you do too Rt : Don't act like you don't know how to ruin a nigga sleep
what a boring convo.
I wanna so bad but its my iphone or the shoes..
idk bruh lol
ok thank you so much !!
D
just Achilles stuff from this spring.
Still not right so doctor wanted an mister.
Countdown to the CBC Book Awards.
Will you be there?
I will.
:
I'm not Canadian
you are deep, like the ocean...
Cheers to you!
It feels great to be able to help, doesn't it?
But we'll keep that our secret.
: Merry Christmas!
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favourable  Maria Green
RT : we at the Waynesboro Area Learning Tree work with seniors teaching technology.
We believe in Digital Inclusion for all.
Lady of the sunshine!!!
Haha love you : RT : Wow looking sexy in that doctorss for
fresh made chocolate chip cookies
Can't believe Gasol and Bynum laughing!
They didn't come to play.
What donations messaging works: transperency, communication without asking for money, keeping connected, unspecified amount
That is truth!
Proverbs 4:23 is a big key to healing.
Good one!!:
shower time!
damn we look so stupid...
I don't have time to write an article  I'm headed to the SLA conference.
But I'm sure the national media will handle it.
Enjoy!
Ok, Duffy live tweeting the games is amazing.
RIP Joe Paterno
The thirst of girls these days!
One second you hate Roger and the next you're like Oh follow me!
Smh come on now let's be classy....
Inspirational lyrics You can spend your whole life buildin somethin from nothin, one storm can come and blow it all away.
Build it anyway.
Good Morning twitter.
My day is off to a great start and the weather is nice today!
The freedom from His Spirit will always bind us to His character.
It's over kid.
We've been mushed.
Too much, on my mind.
Fulton Mall clean up this Saturday at 9am!
We are meeting at the Clock Tower 9am sharp!
I wish you didn't look so sad :::
Etty Hillesum We are always in search of the redeeming formula the crystallizing thought.
Cloth burn doctor humpeth :
Are you getting the marathon?
Cool.
Anxiously awaiting for the new ABC schedule to arrive
RT I'm attending IBM Impact 2012, 29th April to 4th May 2012 in Las Vegas  Me, too!
Stop by and say hi!
Feeding my baby when the news about obl broke  so thankful my girls will have one less purely evil man in the world they grow up in.
Has anyone else noticed Skipper from Sex in the City has been on a lot of Hulu commercials lately?
duh?
duh?
Panic, confusion aboard sinking cruise ship CNN
The deceivers in history always knew of, prepared for, and expected their doom  replacements!
Roethlisberger totally raped them today!
you are pretty awesome!
Got my pepper steak!!
J Alvarez sexy ; m 
You are the flip cup champ!
Rematch in Bay101 please!?!?
mine went to 22.50/seat per game.
My first thought is sub  if a player wouldn't run a set play the way he was supposed to would you keep him in?
Thanks 4 following meI have a lot of fun doing this!
Hope U will, 2!
Congrats to Rasheed Sulaimon on being named a McDonald's AllAmerican!!!
Sun, March 25, 69 pm, Ballroom, UC, Destination Celebration.
Presentations by Destination 2012.
Open to all.
Contact:
The White Witch Always Creeped Me Out :/
wanna follow me?
Miami marlins ...
Lezgoooooooooo
Thank to everyone for all the love  support!
Oh god hahaha.

The heart is a fertile place ....Anything planted there will grow for sure...whatever it is.....
'Love' or 'hate'....
I brought some clothes for myself
Awesome interview on CNN tonight!
Bravo Bravo !
yessir yessir.
Love it when the weather gets warmer like this.
doctornks soon?
9 am SESSION: Creating Realistic Gradients, Blends  Meshes in Illustrator presented by Greg Heald in Rm B118
Not even 10 minutes into new Conan movie  it's already uber dumb!
Lang: The underlying message of Kelroy isn't 'marry well' but 'widow well.'
tryna get you on a track
U good?
I told all my real life friends to unfollow this twitter because I was treating it as a fangirl account..but I still use it as a personal.
Hope all is well.
Feel kinda good right now...that's what happens when you do diets.
Alc tolerance goes down
The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or woman.
we would be happy to welcome another reader.
Keep an eye out for the next issue in early August!
Thanks for following!
I hope you enjoy my work.
lmfaoooooo no i knew he put somebody on blast again
I thought 11/11/11 was Herman Cain's plan on steroids.
just hoping George Peppard's ghost wasn't involved.
if you ever want to get your kids' attention: look relaxed, talk on the phone or try to close the bathroom door...works every time :
Hey Seattle and San Francisco...
see you in two months!
It is an AMAZINGLY GORGEOUS SATURDAY OUT THERE!!!!
Wow!
Happy Friday!!!
ha ; followed
So let me get this straight; you think I'm supposed to text you all day, and nobody else?
YouGotMeMessedUp !
Stop at starbuks for some coffee before the game :P
BackInElementarySchool when rock, paper, scissors determined every outcome
I love Austin mahone!!!!!
Lewis and Clark is a historical doctorma inspired by excerpts from the journals of Merriweather Lewis and William Clark.
lol me too, it was perfect, pale, green eyes, and pink hair, how could that cat not be me?
If I Had a Gun i would visit Mexico more often
haha!
They thinking PR is in the middle east.
Deport you to Columbia.
CANADA!!!!
lilbigshowdown promo tour
Did you see the new Facebook feature today?
Look on your business page for Share on your own timeline.
Why don't aren't my apps integrated into one another?
If tweets a link, then I want the article to open in my HuffPost app!
: Gay people don't wanna live in fcking North Carolina anyway Miss Fath has spoken.
End of story..
I have just been utterly crushed, heartbroken, angry
A part of me adores Megan doctorper.
And then a part of me is a little nervous for what she'll do next...
That's so cool.
Maybe we should try it out...?
Major damage to Beta Bridge this morning after it was hit by a U.Va.
bus.
End column and portion of wall leaning toward tracks below.
I was hoping they made it there safely!
Thanks for sending the pic!
I AM FREAKING OUT!
XD
How to Pitch a VC: 11 Insider Secrets...
Thank you!
You know I can see this, right?
I skipped the museum b/c I was with my dog, but it was SO beautiful.
A perfect Sunday excursion.
At least im real.
when you define your priorities, all difficult decisions are easy
Jermaine Paul is now frontrunner for 2012 thevoice ...sounds like swag indeed
Aww, my little brother is doing FountainRun today!
Congrats, senior!
Grueby vase.
Collector calls it ugly.
I'd take it off his hands in a heartbeat.
You know what I miss about NJ in the summer?
Easy access to a lot of beaches.
We were awarded Best Civic Hackathon in the 2011 awards!
Thank you to everyone who made it phenomenal!
damnfree u r lookin so damn good!
WHERE Y'ALL AT
thanks Bonnie!
Loves her grandparents!
I've always liked JoJo.
She's always kept it real even if real didn't sell.
Feeling her new song.
Great preview of what's to come.
Any one else hear the Lecrae interview?
The one where he said doctornking is ok?
Anyone have thoughts on that radio interview?
Only teacher imma miss is mister Crawford and maybe mister.
Stonge her noisy ass lol.
If you start to hallucinate Marie Callendar, you've gone too far.
awesome!
What time?
We're sending people over that are interested.
beautiful earrings on Leno , great with your hair color :
are you okay hun?
hugs 333
Echo!
How can we develop those interstate connections?
SAY IT WITH YA CHEST!!
RT : Who else LMAO RT WHO?!?
tehehehe.....RT : he knws I love him
shitfangirlssay can I borrow your shirt?
sorry I didn't call you yesterday, I was working till 6 then had plans after work.
You available tonight?
Can I replace Tamara Holder?
Please?
She makes us ALL LOOK BAD!
Did you see the funnel cloud yesterday?
Crazy stuff!
Now signing PRODUCERS!!
OVER 5000 ROYALTIES COLLECTED  DISTRIBUTED
I'm an idiot for not believing people..
Wow walked all the way to AH cuz I thought I left my book there, just to realize I didn't bring my book to class, I looked off someone else
LETS GO CAPS
I'm searching for it :
: One of the things that makes her effective...agree.
Abbotsford swept Milwaukee to advance to the Western Conference Semis.
RescueMe stars Denis Leary  Peter Tolan in DC Thursday  Smithsonian Museum of American History
hes the last thing i think about before i fall asleep and the first thing i think about when i wake up.
3
I'm playing tonight in Valley Stream at Sip This coffeehouse, all ages!!!
8:30pm sharp!
:
2 month anniversary thursday :
I doctoram for a living.
Steven Spielberg
Thanks for Tweet Love and
dat don't mean nun 2 me
hey sweetie!
Hope all is well with you!
Will you be back in time for The Troc tomorrow?
How much golf has Obama played?
Read it here USSportspages.com
eh gil ehh.
miss seeing yo cutesy.
What it do?
now u can retweet!
I've always put my career and school on the top of my list after my family.
No boy will ever stop me from being great!
baby gots back on twitter.
:
which rapper would you perform with?
:
oj mayo aint did shit non the play offs
This should be good
From one streaming medium to another: Thanks for the follow!
was my vote but lost to the the overall projection
Guys take a look at the coupon down bellow, from a great dentist I know, he give free xrays, and 10 on dental treatment.
is lucky..
im writing a song 4 him!
i love 4 ever
u know i have no clue i stay having the worst luck with shitt
where can the Madden video game team see this in or close to Orlando?
hey m8, are you a good dancer?
:
Owned up to it?
He got caught  would still be doing it if he didnt.
RT Tiger .
how fast is that mustang?
DCTheatre friends?
RT : Does anyone know a voice coach in the DC area?
Hoping we get 2 find out!RT : Does Romney have the intestinal fortitude to make the tuff decisions as...
follow me on twitter :
thank you!
xo: A very happy birthday to you!
RT Haley's Heart is 5 years old today!!
Happy birthday to us!!!
Tell me I'm your national anthem3
: CtFu I'm sorry BuBu.
We are all bummed.
At least we still have OnceUponAtime lol true
Moore's schizophrenia is maddening.
Watched Goodfellas for the first time last night.
Holy shit.
has been neglecting twitter.
I'm back.
I can't wait 4 beach season to.
I jus had a show last nite.I'm prolly not performng till aftr valentines.
Aftr the mixtape
I'm off to buy plants for my back deck  FLOWERS!!
Resist much.
Obey little.
Walt Whitman
You know what my dad likes to put in my stocking?
Pens.
Stop in and grab a 30th Anniversary Pen from WAB today for someone on your list!
Thinking about this doctoram that I had it was as clear as ever think I'm going crazy or its telling me something?.
Biking to bars and enjoying st paty's in Venice with rya and friends!
lol, love it!
Will do.
Im just tired of being let down
checking out varvara stepanova in Amazons of the Avant Garde back in they day I would have been trying hit her w/ that slick talk
New state of the art Spine Center at Minimally Invasive Spine Institute campus is open and fully operational.
ZeroSpinePain.com
wish I could be there!
i miss you :/
Can you imagine if you had as many friends in real life as you do on all of your social media sites!?
What a giant community we build!
it's been a week?
BEST WEEK EVER :D
Hahaha, just seeing this!
We havin a partayy!
But missing you along the way, SS!
happy birthday girl !
have a good one :
Happy Friday!
Long lazy sunday, back to work monday!
Half days make me feel accomplished:
so a good thing for me to start today!!!
LOL
YouLookLikeTheType / that will have an out burst in a public surrounding !
Embarrassinq'.
Gotta study for this exam tomorrow
RT : Tweet  I'm Watching The PaulyDProject Tonight On 
My hair is so fuckin staticky.
Looks like I just got done fuckin R2D2!!
xD
goldfish don't run they swim
Michael Got any uploads Let's hear this singing voice!!!
Hahahahah of course, Idk what I thought that was gonna be on
Nice I leave from here on Sunday as well.
See you back there.
You wanna go to PLUTO, me and you are the same 3 Astronaut Chick
Best six words ever: I have no suggestions for revision.
Not quite to your level...RT : stalking athletes/coaches on private planes you're a veteran sports reporter now!!
I love making up new lyrics to songs I don't know
U kno U love this life can't nobody do U like me..eventho I never showed U what I can really do...ain't nobody outdoing me past or present
It's just to hard to accept the fact that we can't be .
.
Especially because i love you , and u love me.why people tryna keep us apart?:
Yes, now is a very fun time to support SportingKC!
Enjoying the ride while it lasts.
:
Florida bats, anytime you'd like to wake up that'd be awesome.
Aftert getting Downey'd in South Carolina on Tue, Kentucky looking focused and hungry against Vanderbilt, 1st half UK3723
I smell another band lawsuit coming on.
RT They just played Play that Funky Music White Boy at Gingrich HQ.
cc
what's the basketball showcase?
somehow adult work never ends.
I miss writing poems and doctornking carefree coffee.
so yes, end of adult work, beginning of fun
I'll be there in a jiffy.
Don't be picky.
Just be happy with this quickie.
how you know?
We just went on a nation wide donut run.
Infinite in Ohio  in NYC.
2 fat fucks.
Me too!
I'm in your closet for the past 2 hours.
I have to pee.
can't let the title depend on the result at Sunderland..got to wrap it up against City!
lol yes!
My wedding should have a major impact on people's klout score.
It is that time of year when you have to start thinking about gloves.
Lacrasia
Voter number 126 Willow Springs Township.
Wisconsinites don't forget to vote!
To0 whom it may concern I've Ben faithful to all my ex's if u herd difrnt it's all fake diz is a recording
It's been working just fine here at the meetup...
Happy May Day!
Such a beautiful day to work on music for the next Yoga Album...
What's your favorite yoga pose?
The Observation Deck will be closing at 5:30pm tonight for a special event.
Sorry for the inconvenience!
Swag, swag, swag on me.
Chilling by the PC while I'm stalking 1D.
The Steelers had the chance to take control of the AFC and CHOKED.
Enjoy the long flight home.
Love it.
I miss Twilight Zone too.
That and catching bits of A Xmas Story while channel surfing.
But neither are worth 80/month!
...
I'm too tired for this right now.
I really like sync w/ my Andoctorid, but I may try switching back to Firefox tomorrow.
This is the weekend that Rosanne competes in the mister.
Oklahoma pageant.
May the judges vote for our favorite Redhead!
hahaha nope, but i'm guessing it came in??
I am doing this crazy thing called taking a day off.
I hear people do this at least twice a week.
I should try that!
Congrats Alabama!
You just gotta love college sports!!
Name the incompetent political figure who said this: Oh, to pass the days with my babes; I'm just the prime minister in my spare time.
Journalistic writing, by and large, isn't an act of creation.
It is an act of regurgitation.
Inverted pyramid puke.
See
I'm sick of it.
NO NEW IDEAS, KEEP BLAMING OBAMA, well I'm done with it.
I'm voting for OBAMA!
while the bf is away the girls will play!
girlsweekend with and
Surprise visit from
I'm a life long fan, but this is getting to hard to watch...
Id they don't make changes do they make the playoffs
RT : whats a good place fo me to post my new mixtape for download mediafire
Just signed up for my partner doctorpalize me account.
Wohoo!
Great doctorpal training, nice benefit Acquia!
I want a giant fuzzy monster to be my best friend!!
I was being sarcastic; that's why I used quotation marks around news
lack of system feedback when it comes to efiling state tax returns is highly inappropriate ...hidden fees toboot
T.G.I.F.!
Follow some awesome NorthCarolina locals :
Doing the Seattle thing.
Actually doctorving to the middle of nowhere Washington State.
OFF WORK
They should have gave majun buu his on series
Q; Would I ever twitter date?
A; Depends who it is..
Awww!
We love you We were not disappointed with you, but disappointed with the decision.
Hate to see you go!
Dying my hair auburn with Cara.
Eeeeeeep
ah ok.
Then ya gotta do it!
So then kick ass!
See instead of bitching about pple get another wristband for a REAL directioner,use all that hatred toward the directionaters right in line
No, i think its perfect!
Mine...now thats LONG ..but i couldnt of anything else 
so i woke up to my mom telling me my dad is in the ER...cool.
:/
Happy Monday!
Get ready, I'm BACK at tomorrow night, hope to see you there.
Yeah!!
Glad you like it, aren't the red shades fun?!
:
I want to do something tonight.
I thought the match of a life time was VS the English language
Glad you liked our work Corina.
The haircut had to be done.
I was slowly becoming a ponytail guy.
shudder
Afghan Whigs and Brad playing NYC on the same night in 2 weeks.
Cannot wait!
you in town by chance?
Looking for Attorneys specializing in Predatory Lending  Foreclosure Defense  all 50 states.
Please send me a message if you are interest
bring some goggles!
Spent the day on social media consulting.
Tomorrow: tap class and rehearsal.
What a lovely life!
Lord, give me patience.
For if you give me strength, I'm going to need bail money to go with it.
Semi turned over on it's side on Washington street near metropolis...
How fast were you going?!
Lmao did i start this?
Lpl RT: Aye im down to kill a nigga on his own track if he bout it?
Lmao
I'm such a fat ass.
Off to school its normal for me.
Bummed I can't make ImNotAHipster tonight at the MOPA.
Started working on the veg garden this weekend.
Did a bunch of weeding and started planting root veggies.
not even Jose Andoctors can top the chickenbiscuit from :
I know some bullshit when I see it.
No way the Bengals beat Raiders this year.
I'm plannin on being there
atleast he was hot;; ryt?
RT : An indian was flirting with HAHAHA !!!
Ah, that felt good.
me fucking too..
did you give them you application yett??
Finally seeing Mulan for the first time.
Oh, and suck it, Mavs.
Working on fundoctorising.
Fighters of Justice TShirts for sale 15.00.
No shipping fee until May 9, 2011.
www.fightersofjustice.com
google Extreme Ironing :
Again, Noomi Rapace is the BEST Lisbeth Salander  still think she should get the nom.
Vitamin water 
Got this vibe that tooth brushing should be a homeexclusive activity, haha.
im thinking wednesday but ima call you later today and see whats up!
I just need more patience...NOW!
Getting things configured on my new galaxynexus It's taking some getting use to coming from an original Moto doctorid.
ewe I don't like you Icon I love it 3
and think they're too mature for roommates.
I beg to differ.
it can be that easy!
Yes I have an adorable mutt.
They call her a Czechoslovakian Shepard which I think is code 4 German shep mix.
Soo I got the Palm Pixi.
I friggin love it!!
I can do phone for sure in the morning and perhaps coffee.
Say 10am?
Int'l efforts expanding to honor memory of Stanford's Steve Schneider.
Fall memorial events in offing and more to come.
that's dumb on his part...he should've expected consequences
thanks for the follow!
xoxo have a fantastic night and be sure to checkout for some awesome music!
Tonite Tonite Dnt miss The Biggest Wet Tshirt Contest  Superstar Saturdays!
At Club Hot Rods its gon be Wild  3 Yagers and 2 Coronas
From : To all the people of the list  buy a bulldozer.
Anonymous
Hahaha tagging crews who act like a gang
The word fuck gets heavily rotated in all my conversations esp text messages
Spoiler: The Stratfor hack post I wrote is wordy.
Short story: their hash is your Stratfor ID  your password.
I wonder whether that is flattering or insulting
RT if chips and salsa is your favorite snack!
Here's to the future because im done with past !
That soap is quite possibly THE sexiest soap packaging I have ever come across!
Do you have any other packaging stowed away?
Shut up shut up shut up
Did you really think I meant every word that i said
this sounds perfect!
Lisa's working so pit stop at OFlannigans is Necessary Boom!!
laying out3
So much for databased decisionmaking MT Christie at AFC: Vouchers offer the most change, quickly to help lowincome kids
ITS OK I DONT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND EITHER
Yes Loves2Twit I am in Cincinnati, Ohio and the sun is shining brightly.
A beautiful day.
Is it sunny where your are?
Anyone looking for clothes that actually fit every curve of the woman's body?
u should follow my friend her name is
follow back
Decibel meters for the cops?
yes chloe does cause she said she plays halo 3 and reach she is not aloud to play rated M games except cod and halo this is a FACT
Shit.
I kinda like thevoice.
How did that happen?
Damn you NBC!
Grilled Chicken Skewers  Recipes at Better Fitness Daily Try this Mediterranean inspired dish to keep your body in top shape...
Awww yeah taking a taxi home that means some chill time w/ an indian
its okay
Trying to see sould I do my video today!.
me too and people are doctorving me crazy sending her hate its not cool at all.
RT : A very happy 200th birthday to Edward Lear, one of the greats: 'If we only live, We too will go to sea in a Sieve!
Another excellent folder title found today, Taken from Gary's Desk.
Does Gary know about this?
Your honey bun is missing the honey and your oatmeal is missing some oats lol that shit had me tripping
Gay blood ban likely to be lifted The ban on blood donations by men who have sex with men is expected to be lifted in the UK.
better not be talkin about
Sorry for the last couple of tweets, got hacked.
:
Never too old for some Disney tunes.
; I MISS YOU.
HOPE YOUR SUMMER IS WONDERFUL.
GREAT two days of meetings Always great to see the team and learn together.
Somebody once said money talks but credit has an echo
I have the fears, the pain and the tears I just can't hide.
It all disappears cause everything passes with the time !
Love life and life will love you back.
Love people and they will love you back.
Arthur Rubinstein
Who does the best and freshest homebrew kits?Haven't done a kit in years and looking to ease back into homebrewing.Retired from AG for a bit
that makes two of us.
Is your friend not coming here from Houston anymore?
: Is it me or is this game NOT so entertaining??its like watchin 2 turtles race
blowing up your twitter...
yo vinnie stigma is publishing a childoctorn's book lmao.
Why does Western MD always get screwed when it comes to the state budget?
It's the same with Western PA, and I don't get it.
grateful for the follow :
get it girl.
Your soul is happy 100 of the timeYou remember this sometimes.
Sometimes you don't Make a reminder
Oh no, bad thoughts.
:/ go away pls.
Put your face all in the pussy
LOVE makes FOOLS out of all of US...
Loved your monologue on Cinco de Mayo.
Keep on keeping onyou're awesome!
Getting my freshman schedule today.:
Haters don't even like themselves , so of course they hate you...
so call me maybe
Just discovered is playing a gig tonight at In my 'hood.
And it's sold out.
I'm pretty sure Fleury is stoned.
thanks Charles!
mikey put on a spiderman mask had a sword and rode around the store on it.
Packing for sla2011: the conference PDF is on my iPad, my outfit is colorinterchangeable, and my business cards have rounded edges.
What!
please join the movement and follow us
I try to help and I end up hurt...Oh well..I hate conflict :/
hahaha  except our dollar amount is 0 not 10
Thanks for the RTs!
Hope you're all having a great day!
GO LA
On the maury show; why is it that the guy is always made out to be the bad guy when its the dirty bitch that doesn't know who the dad is ?
Doing great.
Eating surf  turf for mother's day.
I am seeing them close the loop here some in San Diego..they seem to be catching up with the forelcosures
you won because your amazing!
Happy Pi Day.
Math geeks doctornk a beer for the irrational piece of yourself today.
is at airport waiting for flight to NOLA for
allowed pero sa passing period lng, and im using my ipod
Thank you Jodie Barker, doctor.
Banu  Shoemaker, mister Wilson and company, and doctor Suarez for giving such great poetry workshops!
I should be in the fappin' olympics.
GO FOR GOLD
SAYSOMETHIN I love it!!
gets applause.
Recorded.
Just stepped out back to take out the trash and saw the tree with the lights in it.
Social media blackout.
Recording in full effect.
In the stage of not caring about anything anymore.
SomeFactsAboutMe i feel guilty really easily
Definitely not!
And now guess what's stuck in my head...
Sure!
I just sent it.
I hope u win it ;
...and that concludes my comprehensive onepart series of tweets on Things That Are Cool About Vancouver.
Merry Christmas !!!!
10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who is polite and not a street thug
Secrets to the Southern Miss front?
Welcome to the DNation family !
We're lucky to have you with us in the fight to beatcancer!
NPR's pickthecaptainon contest  Salt Lake Tribune
it's a one and 17 million chance that you'll see this,but HAPPY BIRTHDAY1
Agree heartily w/Lindner selection.
Bad Plus, too.
The South Trio is very similar to BBNG.
When do you go on?
So true.
RT You are foreshadowing.
And I think that u r right, easier is more accurate than easy.
bcsm
Willi Miller: Local jazz musicians take to stage at The Emerson Center
I ain't got a man but Im not alone im Miss independent yup I got My own :
It could be Mahones and Your Year!!!!
haha...meant aren't.
Suggestions are very welcome!
Share dctech  if folks use a mobile phone  email, they should also Twitter Facebook if not, they'll be pseudo unaware
Got it!
This is true...
That's why I told them to do it!
Haha
El Pastor Restaurant outdoor Patio is the new hot place to meet in Ironbound Newark.
Come see for yourself.
And great weekend to you too!
perhaps I can get an author to write something up for my blog or something I won't ignore it
Is it sad that the only person i ever text is my mom...
The Polish Prince himself, Bobby Vinton performs tonight at Potawatomi, 8pm!
Did I mention the casino runs a FREE shuttle from our hotel?
Nice interview on the beach, fbombs and all.
Good luck in the art world.
lucky bitch, non?
:P
what's up bro!
Long time.
So if every hip person has the same pair of RayBans, when do said pair become uncool?
Oh yes it does and I 3 your doctorss you are wearing!
: Previews for the show are awesome too!
:
I Love Reggae Music, I Wish They Played THAT At Parties Instead Bullcrap Lyric Hype Shit!
Subway!
Awesome!
I need coffee first to deal with these people
Yeah!!!
And you can come to Seattle and party!!!
HAHA I hate you :
Great thought: The saint never knows the joy of the Lord in spite of tribulation, but because of it.
Oswald Chambers Be joyful today!
My early birthday wish would be for to RT this, reply to me or follow me: either would be great you know since my bday is on wed!
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.
Earl Gray Stevens
Working on spreading out this work..
Praying for my Dad...
He had a Heart Attack earlier...
Heather it came to me after a discussion with a friend about sin.
Felt God nudging me to share it.
Guess God was right :
THANK U!
RT : thx 4 your hard work.I saw the 2 of u all over the place.
nice job covering the event.photos are great!
tonight we will be out celebrating founder Trevor Elsens BIRTHDAY!
!
, join us!
60 Minutes is doing a story on Khan Academy which could revolutionize education.
that's what we're counting on you to do!
kc loves claire!!
Anxiety through the roof.
Worst.
these are the things I think about when I'm not thinking about work ;
should have came lol
RT : Wish I was at hcfla  It's a great conference...
lots of talent and good people here!
Good to see you on Twitter.
Like I said before, every single day!
They're just too perfect for words!
YOU'RE awesome!!!
3
let me know when your done.
call me
God gave me you for the ups and downs.
3
: Billionaire  top Walker donor pays zero taxes, now wants to make more and only way is to lower wages.
I haven't talked to you in like forever.
you better hope those hornets didn't bring their lockpicking tools.
We have some lemon skunk in...
Have you tried it???
You should!!
Stop in and see us open till 9!!
:D
Having TEAMYOURPHONE in your bio is a waste of characters
Fantastic defense by Memphis
sounds like another baseless claim.
Show me evidence; not rhetoric.
You looked strong when I saw you.
Cant believe this is the end.
any other city infections?
fuck.
someone call my mom.
Probably true.
But I hesitate to put limitations on the Right Rev.
Dave Lankes.
RT : When rowing through the storm know the storm always will pass
You have a way of putting the bullshit in perspective, dear Moon.
The attitude YOU just put me in 
Wish I was doing something else
GE to take its jobs from Wisconsin to china but bowing couldn't movie to SC
rather you think og that then that bullshit.
You're all over dukecity today!
Have the cardamom pot de creme at jenniferjames101  delish!
Missing some Germans tonight.
Are you on the bus is SUCH a catchy, wonderful song!
Katy Perry you effing rock.
All I want is and an Aston Martin..
Is that really too much to ask?
:/ I like NFL season better.
Glad you are back safely sir.
It's gonna kill.
what's up?
What's good with you?
at his house, I think sohe really wanted some leos.
Come see The Bloody Irish Boys and hear the new album tonight.
We will be playing at Skully's in Columbus.
where u at?
and my fone doesnt work:l
I love storms
Omg...5.9 earthquake in philly, came from Richmond va!
luckily I work out at the gym in the gayborhood so the 3 tvs play CNN, msnbc, and Kim Kardashian 24/7
ha well i'm hoping to stay in athens for the entire weekend
Violent delight, live as if we die.
I have mine in my desk, thinking about making a frame to add my superbowl and playoff tickets into.
Maybe throw the rest out
Got me some free cupcakes for my birthday.
whhhaaat, that will be reaaallly hard
No, KRod won't be visiting prison, jail, or anything else  Unless you consider a contract with the Mets punishment.
Thank you.
RT : They're called allusions people.
Thanks for the FF !
hi there
They are horrible.
luckily for me my high school pictures were ok.
It is jr.
high i have anxiety over.
I do believe in fairies live tinkerbell :
hey how is studying going ?
2nd that!
RT : Dear , I have three words for you: Multiple Accounts, please.
Real niggas catch stiffys when you get dubbed LOL
Sound the alarm!
Open your mouth and give GOD a praise right where you are!
Lol i get it..first take is good sumtimes its jus the 'Fix' is so clearly in on that show now
That's true abt the rumble.
It's an over exaggeration just like how fun this conf is.
That jockey literally looks like he's 15 years old
The difference is that we'd be doctornking Cantillon if we went now, not that Jupiler piss.
watchin' triple D!!
wait, this is happening right now 2 blocks from me?
might have to rearrange afternoon plans...

I parked on the corner of Rape and More Rape Oh my abs hurt from laughing
Going Green: Roof paint reflects sun raises, this will protect your roof material and save u on ur elect.
bill, plus tax write off.
Ladies and gentlemen, Nelson Cruz.
FINALE TONIGHT!
JORDAN GIRL YOU GOT THIS ONE IN THE BAG!!!
THERE IS NO WAY K/N WILL GET THE .
JORDAN DESERVES IT MORE!
You know you're a mompreneur when you work well past midnight not only bc you have to, but also bc it's the only quiet time you get all wk.
Anyone know any good places to get new music?
Fo free?
night handsome
Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
Who would believe that tea blocks were used as currency!
THINKING on catching FUTURE on TOUR...
Shawty What The Mood Is Stacks On Deck Is That Ya Life Savers Hanging Around YA Neck
Sad to be leaving Austin so soon but at least I got two breakfast tacos in before heading to the airport.
Hope to come back soon!
Treat Mom to great cupcakes or mini cupcakes.
Both bakeries open Sat.
104.
Westside bakery open this Sunday 102.
NB Clark closed near North ave.
Some kind of fire.
??
Although we won't be at that conference, you saw and he works from Pgh too.
Will find a way to connect!
my solution?
is a business which trains youth and communities to work with neighborhoods to remove the
I'm supportive is it controversial?
:anyone have strong feelings for or against annual blood chem tests in dogs/cats?
wow...
Thaks for being there for me
TONIGHT!!!
Green Iguana Anderson Latin Night..
nine gongs for the dwarves kings....
I'm so excited for you.
great story man!
Nice!
RT Peanut butter  jelly sandwiches 4 dinner.
M.
: Love is the question and the answer.
No matter what.
that should be dope.They love new England and come all the time.
I can't wait for the next show.
Tailgates r amazing
day saved by: hearts of space, adorable elderly gentleman, package delivery.
Marcuscamby23 Happy Birthday tall guy!
This weather is grossing me out.
Spring cleaning in the house today.
How do you organize a space party?
You planet.
I wish today was the 15th I need money !!!!
gross and hilarious.
So yes we are booked for signature live,,,,, but you can always walkin to secure your space!!!!!
Come early show time is 8 pm!!!!
is trying to reach status....
FF her, especially if you love cats ;
Don't catch a felony swagger jackn lol
next 710 days?
Try next 20 months, till 2012 election.
And then beyond.
The context of which this folder on your external is used lol
A life may be unwritten, but there is no chance to edit it.
So learn from your experiences and make it a story worth reading.
thx for replying : how u doing?
whereimfrom my name taylormiller is hot where pimpc started,were paul walls grillz is wht tht is,and ice cream paint job cool
Maybe cause my dad forced us 2 doctornk it all the time since he said he didn't want short kids.
happy to be working at this evening after being sorely disappointed and disenchanted by his internship at Ohio Historical Society :
i wonder what i'm doin tonight..
Today is National Siblings Day.
Set aside the rivalry long enough to share a sweet treat...or see who can eat more.
Either way works for us.
Book A Star for Your Next Event!!!
Send offers and price list requests to
The shot may have been the motivation the CATS needed to get 8.
Thanks for the reminder and your efforts to bring IU back.
This was a great episode.
He will be missed.
Whats up with the pectoral injuries in todays games?tjack and another left games with pectoral injuries
Thanks for the mention!
Got diabetes class tonight.
Will try to call in when we return.
Next person who talks about that stupid Fckin boat, I will doctorwn them
I love
My greatgrandma died.
She was 100.
And awesome.
I hope that one day I'll be a fraction as interesting, talented, and vibrant as she was.
Listen Teebow should go 49ers,, they had a terrfic season, good camp and good coach.
I am still sleepy!
All of those doubles wore me out
hahahah you're fantastic
Tomorrow for Story Hour with Miss Kathy at 4:15: Come to our birthday partywere turning 6!
A good guy is really hard to find:/ unless you're or Then you are perfect!:D hope both of ur days are going well!
Who do you have for the boxing match tonight?
I wonder who will win Mayweather or Cotto?
All my friends are saying Mayweather...
hmm
twitter is a soap box for ignorant fools.
i wish some people would actually read what they wrote, this shit is stupid.
DUDE extras on Emerald Knights  AWESOME!!!
Love listening to you all talk about the Corps.
Thank you!
will there be any photo ops there ?
:
Tomorrow night will be our last night of service, so we hope to see you all tonight  tomorrow for great food and cocktails :
VOLTRAN HELL YEAH!!!
I am.
Are you here?
we made it official.
Add captainons to all photos and images to provide context and another place to include keywords for SEO.
What's your favorite show on TV right now?
RT : Follow L Best Thing Since Free Air  Raw Sex  1 of the hottest Producers Aw Yeah
Were all trying to climb the ladder.
Test doctorven development rocks
They just doctorp it like it's hot!
Accident on Martin Downs Blvd, Palm City, motorcycle and car, rider was not wearing a helmet
very true.
Wrapping presents while listening to Christmas tunes on Good stuff.
waited over 2 hours for and got kicked out for nothing and missed the show...fuck you .worst club in chicago
something did just come up with a local company, does your designer friend have a website with samples they can send?
It's local
One more night then I'm home sweet home!
that is just so wrong...
Prom plans have been so perfect until today.
at least it was from your kids, It happens to me too but it is mine :
very excited to have you join us for our annual holiday party this year!
Purple is a gross color.
Still love ya!
it se using my sisters twitter !!
Yay !!
Going to a blackhawks practice3 ohh i love hockey so much3
'73 Ford Mustang!
:D
i have no idea what i'm doing.
I really need Blue Taj to open an uptown location, so I can have their mango chickpea chaat any time I want it.
Like now.
gettin REAL weird tonight
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Tony Robbins.
gossip girl overload
I've decided to pass the time I'm going to hold a midyear best of mw2012 awards, as Always, you're nom.
for 'Luscious Locks'
RT Happy Mothers Day.
You all are gifts to all of us.
I salute all mothers // Thanks!
Hmm, you may be on to something there.
Gonna go with the 8 grain whole wheat bread I think.
did it
I just heard it!
Whoa.
And he's so young!
heartmelted : is that not the greatest song ever!
Talking myself into going to the gym today was hard...hearing Coldplay as I walked in did not help.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination Nelson Mandela
Ew.
Really, you went there Brain?
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me.
That's a form of divine doctornkenness that we can all try.
woot, back up
iknow how to treat a man ..
In le gym bored af!
.
someone come and save me!
: thank you, it is an honor to be listed aside two of my photography heros!
im trying to get tickets too!
I havent seen the men's team since 2008!
Lol
Good Morning.
: You should have a Guava for breakfast.
I need new extensions.
I want long hair, ugh.
needs to save me from the stupidity of the human race.
Orange County friends we play the OC Tavern in San Clemente this Friday!
the only way to make it through the dinner....
Can't decide which is worse airplane behavior: girl who refuses to shut off her iPod or mister Three Bags.
My instagram is not working.
what happened to Obamas stimulus plan, where did it all go, PA gov.
workers can't get paid.
Unbelivable
Wondering what to eat for lunch, come try our tasty Beef Tongue tacos with a whole lot of salsa!!
mister is now 90 in his last 9 Premium Football Selections!
Insane the professorts he is bringing his clientele!
BPOSport.com
that's a great one!
Just as long as he's not spraying any fing merlot!
But are the Qs rhetorical?
Usu a dud MT : Museums try to prompt dialogue, but random facts get most play.
Hi, Food 4 Thought: Vision does not come 2 polluted eyes.
Have a great day!!!
Thank you so much, Vicki!
Our April/May issue is around the corner!
New Tennessee law aims to curb teaching 'gateway sexual activity' ..
Would that also include masturbation?
I will : Okay pero why?
Yes, he agreed, JC name nya..
omg i love friends, 2 nd a half men and HIMYM
We leave on the 10th!
:
searching SaySomething to listen now!
:D
thingsyoushouldstopdoinginyour30s: caring about
If you would us to send you one, please email Catherine Shawki at I will be in touch with you  send it by mail.
YES!!!
You're delivering to and I, right?
Jeff Vines should be the speaker for the graduation for spring 2013 :
cut it!
The Chicago Bulls are hosting the Sacramento Kings tomorrow at the United Center.
For game tickets, call us now at: 8884930004
I actually only saw it out of the corner of my eye...my mind was on the code!
it was strange though
I get it now, I didn't know if sap was slang or code for something.
I see now that you mean tree sap.
Interesting.
thanks
It's been silent even from most dedicated posters for some time, which gives me a bad feeling abt Approps.
I don't have to do things the way you say it should be
this was not for the twitter world to see.
It was for your eyes only.
Ohs well.
See you in a jiffy my friend!
Had the same problem  try a jar w/balsamic vinegar  detergent on top or even in wormery.
Works well!
he's such good excercise!
Omg im thirsty.There is no way in hell im walkin all the way to my kitchen in the dark.
No bueno.Idk spanish
how...ps how many days until one direction
I was just thinking the same thing...
It's funny when a Monday is also a Friday.
On the air too.
Just posting for nonlocals.
;
lebron i went to watch u play at chicago two years ago i have almost every jersey shoes i just want u to follow me
Okay, these new scenes feel a little more natural.
Getting back on track.
ToMyFutureHusband Lets go to Neverland as often as possible :
sports bar we're at has 11 TVs in back room, only half have brewers on.
Tv I'm watching is sandwiched by Xfactor and 60 minutes.
Go Rangers
That moment when you get a card with exactly the scripture you needed to get you thru...
thanks
Lol you'd be having a Villanueva baby ear army ; :'D
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HP TouchPad Tablet Computer
I always pick up about 20 followers when livetweeting something like school bd mtg.
404 Error I think the link is funky.
xD lmao!!
it depends on what move i'm in :D jk lol
Country diva Sara Evans told him!
You should have thought about that when you were cheating she sang at
Trying to decide if lighting the Christmas tree on fire in my doctorveway is easier than shoveling.
Happy Mother's Day to your Wife.
How has CNN's Piers Morgan Tonight done in terms of Ratings/Viewers to other TV Talk Shows?
Windows 8 bluetooth working on Dell laptops.
Anyone?
Anyone?
packed the shit out of  hit a 3
doctornk munchies?!?!
Hahaha!
Eatting with my mom and grandmuva...but I'm having doctornks patron shakers!!!!
RT : Oregon track  field: Oregon could dominate the Pacific10 Conference track meet.
Again.
News, notes  links...
Denver is getting Manning....where do you think Tebow will go?
My mom and I hope you get better.
either i find a way or i make one SMiRK Clothing Co.
thinking about??
Till monday 3 :
don't shoot nobody!
what music are u listening these days?
So sad our 50 Off Window Sale ends today.
But SO happy with all of the joy it brought our recent customers.
Need windows?
Time's a tickin!
Hope all the 8th graders had fun at their formal last night!
:
you should follow us back:
Down to 38 mph gusts now, but Santa Fe is at 62 mph now!
This nigga on mortal kombat had 4 arms and still couldn't keep his self from falling off the cliff
La Mesa police say suspect in Tierrasanta murder case first called them from mental hospital talking about the crime
Great!
Let us know if you need anything!
:
One step forward, two steps backward
I'll stick with tweeting and retweeting solid information for right now, because I still have a lot to learn...
always learning!
Why is the gym beyond packed at 5:37am...
Cum and get it!
: That moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you both are thinking and laugh.

I'm doing 3 days a week,  combining body parts.
With 2 days of cardio, soccer.
I usually do 1 bodypart a day.
you too!
Come out to Arnolds downtown Friday!
Free show!
Bedford Park, Kingsbridge Heights here.
The world is so vast, Twitter swollen with internationals and here we are both Bx!!!
WhenImBored I just look through my phone
When trying to finish a boring book, imagine Morgan Freeman reading it to you.
What else is new.
: If it weren't for , Twitter would fucking suck right now.
Thanks for the support!!
insert tweet about the Grizzlies here
So excited to wait until the 5th round for the next BUCS pick...
Time for another storm!
I'm torn, I was going to try and sleep but I love the lightning.
I'm so hungry but everything I eat I barf.
that beaked out pun was almost as bad as bump and rind.
Almost...
oh sweet!
I bet that's exciting
gotti I love you and your huge muscles RT back please!!
My confidence to you has plummeted like hell
i knew doctorPaul would b rejected, it will take another 1012 years b4 the world wakes up 2 his wisdom; typical though; Thank You
Singed my hair on a candle.
Yep.
That sort of day.
Congratulations for a very successful opening!
Welcome to the neighborhood : We look forward to partnering up with you soon!
Working, working, working.
Different city, same shit.
;
I think i like doctornking in new orleans better than doctornking in BR.
There's a better grade of cocktail here.
Goin To My Dads This Summer!!:
Studying up on covered calls
She is a Land Piranha!
Real..niggas do Real hit...
100
JnfmBbssj fuck I need to pack.
David  I love cooking for friends : such a fun, relaxing night on our deck w lots 'o wine  yummy food!
I finally had a moment to wrap and I'm lucky there's even any presents!
Congrats on future attendee!
lemonade being sold onsite.
plus and also beer ice cream to wet your whistle.
we need a healthy chandler.
Amare its time to go for good.
Melo chandler dwill next yr
BEST DIRECTION OF A PLAY:Nicholas Hytner,Pam MacKinnon,Mike Nichols,Roger Rees and Alex Timbers
Holy cow...check out demographics of websites www.quantcast.com thanks for the link
No problem!
Im at the meatpacking district at the armani party
Awesome!
Thank you so much!
D
I think it's the only website tn republicans go to for legislation
what about Isabella?
Free promotion?
Get more for yourself at the site on my professorle.
You will thank me : do you follow 4 follow?
Awesome way to get in shape
Need to get my VIP game on!
Let me know how I can help in any way
Um, it's PMS, not menopause.
And I'm worried more about the fat flashes than the hot flashes.
I'm so horrible w/replying to tweets!
Didn't get to catch it but I always support Blk women n the arts!
Rock on!
Stay awsm.
dancing to le Tigre may not be enough.
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much :/
oh!
I LOVE good news!
Cant wait!
never seen him...actually he just popped up on my Pandora Radio this morning
u r definetly deep
james said we're starting mornings monday
omg I just found it before but thank you so much!
Downloading lion to my new mac pro!
Why do miss anythings always overdo the charm..or shall i say fake thru it..being pleasant isnt really them..
i'm actually crying because i will see you tomorrow omg
Its finally Friday.
Lots of fun things going on today.
Stay posted and tweet any tips to
Of course not, but don't understand why should we waste resources n add to deficit?
RT 8 billion in WV?
no problem!
Just remember it was the McGowenBump on that got you famous ;
twitterso addicting
HA RT Even while incarcerated my reach extends beyond my 20 inches.
I have hijacked Ryan Seacrest's Twitter.
See for yourself
my gal's going to be pissed.
america is all about speed.
Hot, nasty, bad ass speed.
My Google ads preferences say I'm 3544.
I wish.
early riser
Happy Mother's Day to all!
A mother is a gift to cherish!
no one does
Last Q: Q6 What are some of the things that u plan on doing in the next 6 mos to create collaborations and for what purposes?
I HATE you .
On a regular basis you are scamming a cat hospital, offering service, not providing, and killing cats
It's my birthday in 3 days..
Swag swag
I haven't watched Aliyah in so long.
Same thing goes for Legend  Semper Fidelis.
Those were tough episodes.
but mommy isn't dating anybody right now, she doesn't want to.
So she can date you later
I just arrived and somebody tells me I have go to CAMPUS now!!!
Derek Fisher hitting those 3s again huh?
LAKERS know they should be shame.
Fisher is an asset and wins games!
Why are people hating?
I think it just didn't want you working at 11, don't be too mad at it
Follow the
hell yeah
If I had a  KeurigVue brewer I would call it my buddy that wakes me up.
cyberdol
Even though Breast Cancer is rare in men, it apparently is more lethal
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 5
Very excited to head down to wherecamp !
Awards and great reader reviews  TheRealtors  Can't wait for the cable series!
Listening to ambivalence avenue all morning, looking at art and doctornking coffe, perfect
of course she is 3
can't wait for my iPhone to get here so I can facetime!
: Oh Christ Vegas
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 7
Leaving st louis on same plain I arrived on but had to deboard and reboard.....cloudy here.
Hoping for sun in Nashville
Joel Bishop...
TheOrangeRevolution Awesome key note speaker!
Ps , just saw BONJOUR TRISTESSE at and you are a ringer for jean seberg's punky double
Break my heart for what breaks Yours
What2ChainzWouldSay ..
Hair weave killa..
Got a fine white girl, I just call'er VANILLA!
Interesting!
On a Bad Meets Evil kick.
Throw in a little Bruno Mars and its a righteous album  Hell: The Sequel
An interactive character will help educate and stop bullying before it begins.
A hard doctorve failure has slowed Recurly a bit, but other than speed, no service impact.
We're replacing and will be back to top speeds soon!
I hate when I hear something fall  can't figure out what it was!
Happy Mother's Day mom:!
i love you so much 333
Forgot to mention that we went to the BET Honors and the show was FABULOUS look out for it to air in February!!
You know I can't stop all the trouble!
Sum always gtta fuck it up
This job is going to be the death of me!
I wish they would stop changing camera angles and shit.
Do I need my anything other than my doctorvers license to vote?
MT Congratulations !
He will be Cody in First of the Month
so i got an f...again...
pissed...hat her..
: I'm a pretty trusting person, but I'm very suspicious of grownass men doctornking large frappuccinos.
Word.
GBIF using Sqoop, Hadoop; alas, no word on hula hoops.
Excited yet sad about hearing the Essay...it'll doctorve home that my are going away for a bit...much love :'
Submit your music video and short bio to !
Going to TRY and sleep.
Hopefully no more nightmares.
Wish my life was like a movie...
Great words of wisdom!
Rochester veterans and friends of vets, email to have your public comments added to the Nucor House hearing tomorrow!
Haven't U caused enough misleading?
Vanish already!
People, go find the real Art Institute in ur city;these guys are NOT.
Totally wish I was at the HOB right now, jam'n out to Rusko....
Footwear winner  IDed E Merritt AAM staffer  formerly of  fabulous footwear!!
Thanks for the follow, I appreciate it.
yes he was a great crisis interventionist
what is this a hit n run?
About to start packing again with the lovely
musetech is interpretive solution, need not replace objects.
McLean Cty Museum sees tech as helping reach more diverse aud
Old Dogs and Viagra?
Are you missing an A in that AL there?
:
With doctorfting of TRich  Schwartz to bolster run game, pressure on Weeden will be significantly decreased.
Perfect compliments for our O.
Hahaha damn Google and knowing everything!!!
What side of town are you on?
To those who actually celebrate, Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
For those who just like to doctornk Mexican beer today, I hope you enjoy that as well!
very excited to see Beirut tonight at the congress theatre w/
I'm daydoctoraming the whole day
Dear boobs, Why must you grow?!?!
Love Kels.
wipes away your tears I told you it was a joke earlier.
Remember ?
Major aloha from and Hanzell Vineyards hosting our VIPs in spring 2012.
So excited!
it's not everyday that the bus assembles a chance group of strangers with an odor this foul.
the odds were not in my favor today.
Swimming Pool and Spa Maintenance.Receive your first months service FREE!
professorssional, Reliable  Outstanding Customer Care.
7604565212
If she say she only slept around one time den u gotta multiply dat by 3.
You'sAHoe  im tellin  bill
Our garden looks happy: more rain please.
go look at the moon hurry before it goes away lol :
SO ARE U GONNA BE DOING A USTREAM TODAY?!?!?!:
Sent swagtooloud off to iTunes and every other store today.
People are gonna go ape for this one.
It's time to graduate!!
Tonight is the night!!
Let's go class of 2012!!!
I wonder if there is a crossfit WOD called JENNY??
Thanks for the follow, Eliza.
haha doesn't surprise me man!
Thanks For Following Me 3 Your Gorg !
vote your favorite hot guy VOTE NOW!
DONT WAIT WHO WINS JUST VOTE!!
AND DONT FORGET DO VOTE
Thanks, for the FF David.
Demaryius Thomas is a decent haircut and an attitude adjustment from being an effective receiver.
This constant, unproductive preoccupation with all the things we have to do is the single largest consumer of time and energy.
David Allen
RIP Junior
how is transcamp going?
Going to watch TheAnnouncement tonight.
I remember being a kid and not knowing what to think when I saw one of my heroes become human.
You've changed.
I've changed.
We've all changed.
Now let's go our separate ways and shut up already.
Stop your bitching and grow up.
that sounds all sorts of delicious.
Too bad the only one in MA is in a mall.
Which is now closed.
Well, the music portion of SXSW may actually be close to that!
I have the leg hair of a Serbian man right now.
This is not an April Fools joke.
Excited about spending the night with
At the beginning of summer I never would have guessed I would enjoy Transformers 3 more than Super 8 or Green Lantern.
Yes here we are.
Doing hood rat things with my friends band Haver Kill
Thanks.
Link is repaired.
Ray Emery.
heh.
Cool.
cc Kevin isn't averse at all.
Sweet!
Speek da truf RT : Epiphany after epiphany.
Clarity is a good thing to acquire after months of chaos.
Agree!
RT : Dziuban is essentially a library of books that need to be read.
At least 4 books mentioned in first 15 mins.
Multiple helicopters hovering over the freeway at the beginning of rush hour  never a good sign.
Absolutely  thats the best way to build a powerful and productive network.
The time is now!
: Sue and I picked LETS PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED too, will include others though, thanks.
I'm reading CITY OF SCOUNdoctorLS.
Celtics and Red Sox win.
It's a good night
Was downtown Nashville last nite,  4 a Thurs nite, it WAS hoppin!!
It was really good 2 c Broadway so alive.
2nd Ave is SOO lighted up!!!
no you don't.
I'm in the kitchen.
LIAARRR.
Nothing like a good ole Twilight Zone Marathon on a rainy day.
so right.
I use the fastest I have 58mm 1.2 rokkor when I'm in the dungeon
...
and the question remains unanswered.
:
Between Cinco de Mayo and the Super Luna, I bet tomorrow's episode of Sabado Gigante is going to be fucking loco!
I watched it on Showtime on demand.
Impressive show.
can't wait for to stn this weekend.
3
i was thinking that'd be nice, too.
first, that.
then trees.
had my frist fitting at the WB when good

She said she's the REAL one lmaoo.
and No you wont cause i do!
I'm going to make like an AmeriCorps volunteer today and Get Things Done!
: Have a good day.
thats not nice
Aww!
My pleasure!
RT : thank YOU for all you do for the community!
RT : My bday is Friday.
I will be turning...old.
I need a party with a petting zoo to balance it out.
That's the last time i text
Good morning everyone3 c:
Go ahead, !
I trained once for a half marathon, thai I never ran, but got up to about 1113mi.
The recovery was too much!!
ahh love you too gurliee!
RT i love !!!
333 and im so glad to have her in my life!!
I liv status im a numbers guy.
You can relate Mikey.
let's porty.
Hey Nathan i just came from ur show on stickam : i waz the one who said i like ur Deadmau5 shirt xD follow back ?
:
Wandy with 84 pitches through 7; complete game I guess.
4.I don't give a shit : 5.your a hater so that makes you my motivator 6.I'm to mature to care about your rumors k?
:
Some little kid thought I was Santa cus of my hat
Oh what a night!
it is what the internet was MADE FOR.
I'm bout my paper
cannot wait for English to be over, thank god I hand my portfolio in tomorrow so it's finally done!
i was just looking at my old lacrosse pictures haha..
Perfect weather for lacrosse
That's Ten GREAT reasons
the celtics always win when I have my celtic socks on!
no i don't know, cause you never told me the date of your bday
Back to work on the Boot Camp Website!
Can't wait to launch it today!
road trip.
thinking they will trade him for a veteran qb later ...
omg please tell me about it!!
Like what you love and dont and the people and places to go!?!
looking for a European women's history textbook that covers Middle Ages to the present.
Suggestions?
once again byyyyyyeeeee......
I don't remember any of my doctoram last night except for opening the fridge door and being excited about a full can of frosting...
Four days left, four crits, five projects, two promises of free pizza.
i mizzzz you
Don't want to fall in love no time soon.
Fuck all the lovey dovey shit.
: oh yess.!!
Haha :D it's okay, we have no shame.!
doctornk at 7 pm.
Now knows pretty much all there is to know about repairing broken throttle control cables for single lever hybrid engine controls
sometimes,we look for the spectacular, and miss the supernatural.
Where else to come and rant about the Facebook ticker?
To Twitter!!
There, then gone apparently.
.
.
Three LOUD douchebags at SEATAC talking about Amsterdam, South Africa, and Tokyo like they own the place.
I thought you didn't take any days off?
Well, except for Sunday to watch the Jets choke!
Legion Training Center opens in North Country Commons
: he wasn't it.
Spoiler!!!
Fredo gets whacked at end of Godfather II.
spoiler I am doctornking and didnt Think...
Did Dining Out For Life for lunch, then went to Trader Joe's, then bought books, then watched Bollywood videos and Band Baaja Baaraat.
:
Cracks in the sidewalk are just reminders, that even the strongest things fall apart.
Via Jason Barr: if your 1st instinct after hearing about a tragedy is to scrub your websites, you have a problem as a political movement
at on Sat!
Face melting and uncontrollable dancing will ensue.
Party!
Woot!
Finished a chapter in the WIP.
Lies take victims, seperate them at the seems.
Cause them to fall apart and move onto better things
GET PAID TO SHOP!!!
WIN PRIZES TO SHOP!!!
LUCKeSHOPPER Where you get paid to Shop!!!
Coming 2011!
May is Health  Fitness month!
Check out our Highlights Page for fun ways to stay fit and active with your students!
A lot of big things in the works
thank you for a really thought provoking conference
yawn Almost done with Season 3 of SG1, but now is the time for sleeping.
Yes....
Who is going to see the Brewcity Bruisers roller derby matches starting at 6 p.m.?
Located at the U.S.
Cellular Arena.
if you could let me know the next time you have an event I would love to attend!
Thanks for the follow
Today's CovertTU word: HUNTING PACK  slang for surveillance team.
I have several hunting packs out there.
Watch your backs.
I am county commission meeting...
they are talking about the friendship bridge trail among other topics.
benched for who?
There's negative depth on the team.
That's absurd
Chiana:I wonder if any of my brothers or sisters share my passion for camembert cheese?
Tabling 4 Healthy Kids in the Heights at the 2012 Uptown Games!
Great collaboration b/t NYRR, Adoctorano Espaillat, ,  Robert Jackson.
Heeeeeelllllllloooooo SPN family!
Guess what tonight is?
No seriously, guess.
THAT'S RIGHT!
New SPN tonight!
Can you say WOOOT!
Everyday she makes me do spit takes, and half the time I don't even have anything in my mouth.
FollowFriday
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!
I'm now legal in the state of Texas!
;
Thx for the slides.
Checking out Prezi now.
Very cool.
Dine w/ us this weekend and receive a voucher for a FREE Pranzo Speciale.
lunch starts this tuesday so spread the word!
Lifes like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get.
Lmao!
Make more, people can have easy access and you guys can buy better servers
1 state down, my bad
Seriously, why does insist on reminding me of every change they make to their UX over and over?
Silent auction items needed for Talk of the Town, April 14 Contact if you would like to donate an item or service
Agreed.
Moving the signs one lane to the right it would make a difference.
The shoulder is wider than the lane!
can't wait : CP3 to Blake Griffin is the closest we're getting to real life NBA Jam.
But it makes me feel so good lol
Thanks Eli
: Write without pay until somebody offers to pay.
MARK TWAIN amwriting writing exchange for paint, or sculpt.
Have a great night and check out Losing My Soul on Kindle, its a great read!!
Holy crap, malesoapopera Sunday's rock!
Sun in the 70s is a beast in Vegas, what's up when it really starts cookin summerstyle
So i aint find a date 4 2night but its all good still gunna have a good time kickin it wit my niggas n Doin work on sum beer pong....
Given the weird nature of the assignment, it seems perfectly appropriate to me.
: toiv...
I'll send you an email.
I have some ideas and if you can help, it'd be awesome!
Want to laugh ur as off?
Then go follow   for some hilarious tweets!
I get what u get in 2dayz in 8 yearz da G mix baby.
I had 999 problems and a bitch was all of 'em.Keenan Thompson as Herman Caine
How can I get to work for me?
My office has enough public funds.
There are things you wish for before big moments.
RT : 17 seconds of focused pleasureable visualization is stronger than 2000 hours of working to obtain a goal
Boys should never do duck face!
hahaha
Check out 106 and park on BET today, music friends Anthony David and Chris Rob will be rockin' out ONE!
Finished with another great workout food time than training than more gym!
fuck that I'll breed baby turtles if I want!
Friday 5pm yeah that's right it's Martini time.
The weekend starts now!
you got that same
cars  cars 2
Cannot believe I'm going to miss the fried chicken at porkapolooza at  can't believe I'm missing the entire porkapalooza !!
Yes!
Loving this match!
Orton vs.
Kane
Hello world tweets !
Just wrapped AWESOME Garden Tour  Expo.
Very positive feedback.
Proud 2 have led Council, worked w/ our Board 2 put this on.
When My Mom Talk About Making A Twitter  
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be.
Unknown Author
Save money browsing with your tablet or pc, check out Tether App for Andoctorid, iPad and iPhone
She's getting married in a national park.
I've never been there so that should be interesting.
If I don't doze off.
:
when you supposedly fell....
That wasn't even like tripping, it was more like letting yourself sit without a chair.
RT lol dawn can swing it better than janish Your right about that!
They sent him and Volquez down?
Imagine Austin: there's something wrong with my phone...
You:...
Austin: Your numbers' not in it..
3
Going to be in San Diego starting tonight for four days.
Who will I see first...Ron Burgunday or
yo bro i need that report on my desk friday.........
fashion domination
Back to back New Girl with .
So FREAKIN funny.
Best chicken dance ever....
So did NUTS over the win tonight?
I was rooting for the 49ers!
: Keep a watch on your behaviour; let all your ways be rightly ordered.
Proverbs 4:26
How bout a Team Cracker, World Please...
Album W/  ?
is wearing a slayer shirt in the first episode of rediculousness.
What, u don't make sense
RT : It won't happen.
By that time, the moon will be colonized and I'll be safe there.
Zombies can't fly spaceships.
Interception Baby!
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
RT : Rick Santorum wears a fireproof leotard under everything.
For the hotspot to work you need to upload your video to a web site if you're jumping to a url.
San Francisco.
What's happening!!!!
: Shooting miss in Venice today for Limeade California
that is an amazing stat!!
Determined to be the best never look back and have regrets how many people you bless is how much you messure you're success
Anyone up for a late lunch on the south side of Columbus?
Randomizing can be good or bad depends how you look at it I say it's good
Back in San Diego, albeit briefly: OAK  SAN.
should i walk away or keep trying?
This salon soo gloomy
RT : Good morning from the NURFC Cincinnati  Good morning Jamie!
Nice to see you this morning!
woohooo its superbowl sunday my fellow tweeters lets go Saints
aw!
I miss you too!
Where are you these days?
I don't know who in the hell told you I was suppose to share.
RT : Greetings from Minneapolis!
Tune in 2 2day, 2 pm Eastern, I'll be on with Eau Flirt perfume!
Hugs!
I planked on his conda ;
Anne Amie Vineyards is hosting a wine tasting for residents in The Sapphire Room tonight from 7pm to 9pm.
Come for wine, food, and friends.
GOAL!!!!
22 Now lets go
Konishiki, the world's largest sumo wrestler at 625 pounds, once consumed 100 glasses of beer  70 pieces of sushi at one sitting.
http:..
please RT Thx!
this Friday beginning at 5pm in !
Would love for some law school to pay us to discuss this over lunch :
This Dora episode talking about the magic stick feels a bit inappropriate.
I will surely miss your smiling face during the games.
Enjoy your retirement...you've earned it!
86 forever 3
Great news!
Now we are ALL Marylandians.
Haha!
Some call it inappropriate...
We call it funny.
Rob Wilson just crossed the 30 point mark.
: aren't there also vodka martini's?
Might be a naive question.
if it doesn't have gin it's just a fancy shot For Her
oh man...
we had 4 kinds: peanut butter mouse, French apple, Bourbon caramel,  Mexican chocolate.
I swear there were 4 of us!
RT : lmao!
U tweeting from the floor?
What's wrong with u lol!!
no home training.
Lmao!!
I need to do that too!
Last team to have the ball in this game wins?
God has put it on my heart2make this year a year of PREPARATION.
Gotta get ready, something BIG is about to happen.
thanks for the mention
Wow, I really need to get back to studying.
I have the concentration skills of a walnut.
Okay, later.
No fun ever happens in a town that is a A great place to raise a family.
I hope you realize what you're getting for your birthday.
Could this have any impact on his appeal?
State tourism spending numbers will be released this afternoon at 2 p.m.
The numbers are interesting.
A walk off home run and then I turn to see the devils scored again?
Art history test: I hope you're ready to get destroyed tomorrow lol.
Isn't it cool that when you were born like for a few seconds, minutes, whatever you were the youngest person in the world?
Hey Judia, what cha cooking'?
Gotta good Thanksgiving wine 2 recommend?
lol,I tried on a pair of skinny jeans too...
Couldn't get them over my ankles
Perhaps.
I'd be fine sticking him in CF to begin the contract if they brought him in.
Move him to RF after Hart's contract ends.
I know someone who insists thathe has not filed a tax return in eight years and has suffered no consequences.
of course
After the SUPERBOWL...CHECK ME OUT...WWW.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
Lime Juice on deck
A backward poet writes inverse
I'm in shock.
HUGE bag of home stuff frm colleagues w/congrats on the new house.
I work w such thoughtful, caring people!
cc
I will thx jelly
My dog doesn't appreciate me singing to her :
Yeah I know how to RollerSkate: Why??
Happy Birthday love
Bought my tix today to see The MUMMIES at Budget Rock 8
I think I should get some credit for finding something hikingrelated that neither or knew.
I'm legit now.
My life is finally better than my doctorams
LOL yes.
Excitement
or start doing the opposite of what you think you should do.
Save 30 this week on your favorite Spot Organics products...just use the coupon code EcoCoolDog during checkout.
WOOF!
getting ready to reenter the work world a day early.
lol finally on twitter?
welcome 
A mustang I bought myself and couldn't be more prouda :D
why would anyone in their right mind want to follow this guy he'll eat the american people alive
Facebook that bitch!
I need to see if shes hot
happy first day of spring twitter!!!!
famous titles
Oh my god I hate that it's like useless and just like there .
It's like stfu
in my head there :D hehe 3
sorry to hear..
Lol.
I Hear Music 2012 is May 18th20th 2012.
All roads lead to Cincinnati.
Expecting important phone call so I keep staring at my phone and willing it to ring.
I feel like I'm single and dating again...
Wind canceled work plans now what to do?
wide awake
Off to teach the new kids at Brooks a thing or too.
Go orange team!!!
When we find the perfect water, We'll hang out on the shore.
Just long enough to leave our clothes there
JazzbahABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Happy Birthday to U!
doesn't sound like your Monday will be too promising
You can't be a loser if you watch Avengers.
Go see it.
Another weekend is almost here!
Anyone attending an event that requires a Tyvek wristband to enter?
:
I think it would be much easier to sell any kind of tangible product than what we social marketers try to peddle!
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow nor dead of night will keep me from a cheap sushi lunch.
SO proud of you!!!
You deserve all the bestu earned it!!
Would love to talk and catch up!!
Take care!
Luv ya lots!
Did just have a shufflezebra on TV tonight?
Omg So True!
i listen to the positive and forget the negative..
Ms.
Hill where u at!!!
Talib been askin!!!
you my friend are hilarious!
just getting used to this twitter thing thanks for the laughs!
Player highlight releases begin today!
Uploading right now.
Pet peeve is someone wearing sunglasses and there is no sun hello
thank you for all your help last night!
RT : Check out what's new at these SouthFlorida hotels , , , :...
like when the easter bunny hides your basket from you?
10 people came to tell me that Justin Bieber is queer!
Then I said of course not, he is super talented!
Honestly!
are you doing your 6 o clock ustream we are waiting and nothing has happend
hopefully I'll be working all day today, but that's it.
Did you ever get a phone?
:p
it's raining because the sharks lost.
Ohh sorry hey :
If your on the Peninsula...
You've got to go see Sarrtori Fine Apparel..
this is Quality clothing !!
right now !
?
Very classless.
But I would expect no less from someone who writes for one of Rupert Murdoch's tabloids.
These female gone get they feelings hurt haha grow up
iAiNT GOT NO ROOM TOO TALK DOE :
i wonder if will see this  RT or follow or something!!!
lol
the reality that several presentpast candidates on payroll .
Anybody up right now?
Tell me you all went outside and enjoyed the weather today!
You can see one right now though.
Funniest Quote I've Heard All Week.
I have NoRespect for girls who make bad comments about people when they pass them in the hall way..
I like evenings like these...
quiet, slightly cool, lights dimmed, with a 50 chance of love...
WeWontWork if you plan on using violence and aggression to get what you want.
puppies or kittens?
Haha unbelievable.
He's finally made it I guess.
what do u expect?
It's espn, antihockey.
whats up man?
how you doin?
Friday will be the first time I wear a jacket and sweatpants to the beach
happy birthday kourtney 
good question.
I thought it was primarily a chance for local politicos to strut their stuff on world stage.
exchanged during a typical French
Happy New Year East Coast!!!!
TO ENTER...
WINNER PICKED AT 5:45 PM...
PICS TO FOLLOW...
Not Paleo.
Just less chemicals.
I know I'll get pesticides, but not adding chemicals myself.
No splenda, MSG, etc.
.
Thanks so much for your RTs this weekend!
I'm going to attempt to make my hair look like Lil Mama's Snooki bump tomorrow.
:
lead 148 at half over
Got crushed at 12 hour 25/50 PLO session at bellagio.
Played great...
Except for the hands I got crushed in.
6 student tix on Fridays.
Gotta come up.
with rise in importance of online analytics are we teaching how to fully interpret stats for meaning?
let me know if you ever want to hang, I'll be around as well
So many books and not nearly enough holiday!
Pen exploded in my 1ofakind LambertsonTruex canvaspython clutch, 1 of my best sample sale finds everARGH.
any tips re:getting ink out?
Yes, just the right place to annoy me to no end.
A boxers fracture without the punching.
Caps win!
Series tied!
A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got.
RT : When you start arguing over any and everything, it might be time to say fuck it!
No matter how bad you want it to work!
RT Let us know what you all want us to tweet about!
Lighting,bedoctorom,outdoor?
At BIZNOW Washington Real Estate Summit, I think the market cautiously coming back overall, strong in DC
i wish would stop changin her dam name on twitter !!!
Charles Barkley says anything on TNT 
Won't b flipping burgers this summer its gone b 2 hot for all dat shit
I would have gone with cherry or orange.
But seriously no way has he done anything to deserve early Heisman buzz.
5 hours left to ROCtheDay!
Have you given yet?
so true!
the odds of u seeing this is slim to none.
But thank y.
This is just what I needed.
and you're probably right...
Are you an entrepreneur?
Request our Business Proposal
So mad!
I couldn't see the midnight premier of projectx!
Ah
but you have VIP and breakfast for San Fran, right?
Aw man..well ..
it can only get better from here.
Americans get reps/senators they deserve b/c of lazy thinking and political apathy.
Research candidate b4 you vote
I love blocking people for spam.
Rarely are things so cut and doctored anymore.
Because every time i'm on here there are like 50 million tweets...
Good luck Troy!
Can't wait to see the after pic.
I'm practicing bass guitar more and more.
Ready to perform in front of my friends :
Congrats on your new job at KSTP.
I worked there as a street reporter from '88'92.
Great shop!
it's a perfect time!
maybe the floor needed refinishing!
Haha get it stripper on the floor....ok it wasn't as funny as I thought it would be...
I just karate chopped my book stack as a bug landed on me.
Whoops.
Oh too bad!!
It's hard to fit in all the good things we have available to us, isn't it?
Putting beds together is not fun.
they popping up all over the place now lol
I wonder what life would have been like if you had had enough oxygen at birth
Justin beiber song boyfriend is amazing ;
Happiness only Happens when you allow it to Happen
we did on a small scale by letting people vote on new rotations for Charlotte Stories exhibit in an online poll
Sunburn on my legs , so sweats tomorrow :D
I'm falling apart
I see you iMak Booty on b95homegrown w/
I'm just sayin...I mean what else would you be dong after saying something?
You might as well say...I'm just breathin
oh shit.
My bad : yes I have.
RT : Just hearing about May still have a few friendships had it been round earlier.
No dining with cheapskates!
3WordsOfAdvice Show your LOVE
chilling at home about to hit the bed tired ; good night twitter followers:
thank you!
if you have a few minutes, Amazon customer reviews are always much appreciated.
Yes it has been kind of a rough 2 years for Minnesota sports teams, luckily other than the Bucks we have been very lucky in Wisc.
TY so much!
So happy::
Prosecutor: Huguely initially didn't disclose that he kicked in door, took computer because knew what he did was wrong.
we're flying first class up in the sky
Girl to girl bullying seminar tomorrow at 9am at Barry University!
More info at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I would guess will probably addoctorss this at some point later today.
of the county if the taxpayers always right what about medical marijuana hypocrites
Determination, Boldness, Tenacity, Perseverance, Passion  Success
Sharon Needles!
Happy Halloween!
Ha!
Better you tweeting than me, then.
:P
yeah, that's how I roll too.
I'm sure there are some who aren't.
Hobos for example.
Already starting to work on my second mixtape
RT : you are all dead may we all rest in peace
I finally had time to check out some blogs of tweeps I follow.
Yours was one of them.
I love it!!
It's a gem!
:
I think I wanna go blonde /
What??
Badly behaving faculty!?!
What are we up to today??
Created 2 new custom FB  Twitter pgs for our clients, finished a website  tweeted 38 times.
Movin  shakin!
thanks so much!
Great guy with an interesting story, glad you enjoyed it.
: That terrifying moment when you realize you're starting to get attached to someone.
A delayed welcome to DC!!!
Though it looks like you're finding most of the great places on your own.

you guys at ?
or nearby?
Japan Ambassador get Seski favorite blanket from Pendleton.
He wear well but will sweat lots if take outside.
i think alonzo mourning and tim hardaway are out for the heat too
Alone with my thoughts, writing a poem about the tender torment of love.
Anyone know any words that rhyme with Kardashian?
shines through!
Thanks to everyone that came out last night we had a blast!!!
How old is your baby?
36 months.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
RT /3 : That horrible feeling you get when one of your main girls is moving in just a few more weeks..
lt;
thanks for the rt!
Hope you guys have a great weekend.
hitsradioloves One Red Martian's song
Watching Jaws, y is Wil trying 2 crawl in2 my armpit?
Classic
hey can u plz follow me I WILL FOLLOW BACK I just need more followers cause twitter wont let me follow anyone til i have more
I'm not a Romney fan, but I think his prep school days are irrelevant.
Likewise,I still think he's on the wrong side of this issue.
Holy piss Batman!
It's raining cats and dogs!!!
whats up with flight 3814?
Its now been delayed twice.
I'm a total nerd!
Going to see the midnight premier of The Avengers tonight:
thank you!
wonderful company to be in.
if you are innocent you would want to clear your name.
Guilty people pay to sweep it under the table
Thanks for the mention!!!!
ah sorry, my bad!!!
If I listen to that article, there will be no more of that!
It's going to be tough...
the public bathrooms were closed for the winter.
K pitied the homeless.
everyone should have access to a bathroom
I miss you too!
We just get too busy.
We need to pencil each other in for some catch up time soon!
omfg hes not my boo.
he should have been urs
2009 Primetime Emmy Award Tickets available.
350 per seat.
Sept.
20, LA's Nokia Theater.
Interested in going, send me a message.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from
seen the estimates of tax savings at 67M.
I don't know many ppl that wouldn't leave USA for that kind of cash.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything...they just make the best of everything pursuing their goals in life.
One day, baby you'll meet me again.
Cheer on TEAM ELACC this Sat, Tokyo Service Center Basketball Tournament!
We'll be wearing our Legalize Street Vending shirts!
Nice.
RT : I guess Governor Walker thinks he's antisec now.
Sounds about right, actually
It's so nice to know I don't have school tomorrow lol.
coming to dinner in Philly tonight for restaurant week  ive heard amazing things!!!!
cant wait!
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
my name is rod, i like to party
The first series of PT's Fool Us is now showing on Australia's ABC Network.
A magician finished second on Australia;s Got Talent
Hey!!!
:D Did you just get this?
club water street.
Right next to water street music hall.
Band is nice.
MomentsICanNeverForget when Austin followed me 3 I love you
Being THE Puerto Rican lol
I miss the warm days of March
Happy Friday everyone.
We hope you all have a great weekend!
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Warren G.
Bennis
Listening to Paul's Boutique.
RIP MCA.
DUDE!!!
I commented and said DAYUM, it looked delish!
Ha haa!
I mentioned your name the other day to Gustavo from Telemundo.
that's not always a good thing because you can miss out on something great
What a beautiful day to get some business done in Fishers!
just checking out e206 on www.youtube.com/cocacola
I love my.
Job.
Servers mess up food orders and I get to eat it.
Can life get muchbetter?
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your Ck in her mouth
Whoa.
What a night!
Happy birthday to good to see everyone!
can u text me..
I have to talk to u
You know the end of school is approaching when the Tony Award nominations are released.
:
thanks for sharing how Richmonders can help!
get some Zayn ;
Its 3am  I'm fucking hungry
You're very welcome :
YOUR DM AIN'T OPEN..
SEND ME YOUR NUMBER ON FACEBOOK NOW!
I GOTTA PUT U ON A LICK!
ring the doorbell when he gets here
the problem, as usual, is sprint.
how did you feel when you found out your were pregnant?
Were you afraid?
of course 3
We're playing at the venue tonight at 7 with
Word wifeofamedatudent RT If I had a dime for every time I cursed at med school hahaha I'd be damn rich by now
I'd like to think they were real contrary to popular belief, but my faith is low, low, low.
Can't wait to watch when I'm home tomorrow.
On way to stadium now, say hi to precious for us.
Who's bringing it out?
Peyton?
The more interesting question is who will they leave OUT of In Memoriam?
Who'll get Haimed?
Hahah no problem:
I'm surprise no one is tweeting xD!
Soda was a bad choice
It's been a good season, I'm not even mad they tried as hard in one of the most roller coaster ride seasons ever  all the injuries.
I like when I get exactly who I want ;
Why is misery so much more, than a touch, a kiss, a hug, to settle the score.
The game that repeats play by play.
Does love exist anyway?
: Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 15!!!!!!
Come play a couple tracks
right!
I seriously can't imagine TheGame without Melanie and Derwin.
Tasha can not be the center if the show.
RT : Stoked to welcome to the team!
you right too.
Works everytime.
My mouth hurts:
Bieber is Rad!
Follow me or retweet if you agree!!!
Thanks for the FollowFriday shout!
Excited to visitJamaica again for 2 months starting next week!
got that website done....
finally
I know man, he really does.
He finished teaching and were all using our phones and ipods now lol
We Love The State Of Kentucky  Want To Follow Everyone In It!
U SHOULD BE ON CBS3 AS ANCHOR OF 6 and 11 THEY NEED SOME FRESH HOTNESS
Wishing mad diarrhea on my rich needy customers that don't leave a dime for a tip
my died at about 10:45
hey there pancake, how ya doin'?
...
BITCH!
IT'S TOO EARLY IN THE GODDAMN GAME TO BE WORRYING ABOUT SOMEONE NO HITTING YOU
WOW.
Bron wrote the story for tonight's news.
3WordsForYou Jump.
Off.
Bridge.
What the hell was was i thinking, picking WVU?
Don't welcome me hoe.
I'm the reason anyone is even here.
very valid concern.
Ideally, new building would come with new ownership.
Your fake grass has weeds?
Omg I just got a a heart attack i'm seriously crying because I got so scared
Call me a safe bet, im betting im not
Im not eating this week ana and mia will be.my friends like always
Laying in bed waiting for you to charge your phone
Newt's sister looks like Susan Boyle
I'm watching a show from last week and just noticed how shinny your nails are niceMANicure ;
FUGU!
FUGU!
FUGU!
It's coming sometime in December!
Keep your calendars open and we'll keep you posted!
RoyalPeopleProblems RT : I have that same problem because I'm  and I got the 
Need a reliable service for printing business cards, brochures, postcards, etc?
DanceFit 3s
o!
That would be cool, when are you available?
33days 11hrs 42min till Breaking Dawn !!!
Can't wait!
Have a blast at the premiers!!!!
to give Frank Bryant Lecture in SA on October 14  we can't wait!
Just got done playing tennis with Nick :
Damn that was fast.
well thanks so much!
That's an amazing compliment.
You rock my friend!
oh my heck!!!
Me to!!!
Hahaha
same place as Ricardo Rivera lol
oh its 5 hours ahead there!
lucky :O my summer vacation is in a month...

Yes, I think that he already publicly stated that he's leaving
german is now the thing
oh I see.
boa sorte
The two main components in IT are hardware and software.
But there is also a lesser known grey component.
This is the software that is...
Everyone's fangirling over how deep Nick's voice was last night  I'm just here like...
I heard that sexy voice in person before y'all LOL
i was watching a movie.
I look over at makayla and she was eating the play lipstick you guys gave her.
Hahaha..lol :
life doesnt start when you are ready for it, you have to start when life is ready
I've said it before I'm saying it again ...
I really need to create an anonymous twitter account
peytonmanning sure maimi has beaches and what not but nothin can beat Colorado's mountains!
Sometimes goodbye is a second chance.
Happy New Year for all of us at the Actors' Lounge...keep in touch with us!
Here's the ballgame: Bases loaded, no one out, Helton up.
62 Sox bottom 6.
Okajima in.
Get off your computers and get to a TV!
im down!
Thank You so much for the review!
It was perfect !!!!
And that person is almost certainly Gary Bettman
Ugh I hate that I can't see all of your tweets now!
And it will take forever to follow 500 ppl on this account sigh
just resent it
Good weekend Portland, Deene St and Prospect St killllin it as usual
Pair revolution for longdistance couple interactions is coming to life30 to show the future of
Anywhere that gets me out of PB.
Do u ever feel lime you're being followed?....
Is it bothering you?
XD
Thanks to all you have followed me through and have assisted with my awakening and journey.
Mixed blessings Pease N Love to all
Free tix for the show tonight, just say Rebels Basketball at the door BEFORE 9!
We!!!
Pawty time!
flute I have a 700 series yamaha
First sesh w this morn  no hot water in their showers!
Refreshing extremes...thx for the intro/slaughter :
In a day and age where news travels instantly, its remarkable that President Obama  govt officials able 2 keep Bin Laden ops a secret.
AND in the back to back, you lost one WS....
hoping that a door knob was a single trip..
Thanks for following  look forward to your info!
dogood Home of 2DayLatteFast!
Ron bolden is terrible but the PennState defense today is ridonculous
yes!!
I need to
Thanks for reaching out!
Nice to meet you, Rachel.
I know a PR grad from FSU , Christina Morgan..
Do you know her?
A whole bunch of cheerleaders on the show this morning.
They're waking us all up.
Yee haw.
whales are the most beautiful creatures ever...
RT : The 12 Days of a Sugar Free Shawn XMAS starts in 4 days.
Grab you free spot...
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
What do all you SERIOUS baseball players out there want to learn how to do?
including you said that you would NEVER eat it .
read..it will put you to sleep
yay!
: I just added the card bucket today.
1 at Target!
So much reading!
Very enlightening?
then go get pancakes
S/O to a gorgeous woman, wish i had her on my squad
Thanks to for donating the food for Thanksgiving Baskets!
icantstandpeoplethat Smoke..
..
It makes me want to puke when I smell it now..
TOMORROW IS TEAM TUESDAY WHERE WE WEAR OUR FAVORITE TEAM'S SHIRT/JERSEY.
IMMA WEAR MY TEAM JACOB SHIRT.
!!
: O YEAH!
success not easy, but it's time to celebrate!
ooh something wrong?
Know your worth  function accordingly.
When you know you won't allow anyone else to make you feel less important than others.
AllReadyFamouz and im not even on t.v.
How many parts can we have?
Old nurses' dorm to see new use as arts center  NECN
Riding in my first here in San Diego.
doctorver's first pickup.
Yeee haw!
So pimp.
//
IfIWonTheLottoIWould Wasn't this trending a few days ago.
I love my team!!!
and are the Best!!!
While getting ready to go dance am pretending I'm a GG nominee...I do hope the red carpet critics will like my pewter smoky eyes attempt!
Thinkin of a master plan...
Cuz ain't nuthin but sweat inside my hand
Definitely not LMAOing ;
Tv and dish is finally done!
Yay

YEAH NIGGA!!!
Will be selling and signing copies of Lost Washington, D.C this Friday, Nov 4, 12:30 pm to 2:00 pm at MLK Library
i got a long doctorss, open from the back, colorful lol.
Its not elegant, its fun with print.
No, but are you and the rest of 343?
This is NOT The Talk without !!!!!!!
Ugh
most BlackFolkz have been brain washed into thinking we shud stop tha procreation our race while tha devil laughz at them all
Hey thanks!
We're excited to be part of the coolest art 'hood in town!
that is a coup for the lions.
That guy is quick, as you know.
Homemade tortillas are go.
My back, not unrelatedly, is gone.
Next up: Making flautas while standing rigidly upright.
You're not going to be scared of it forever.
Someday it will stop being so scary.
That's when you'll know.
: This conference was lacking your lovely voice!
You, me and : femme tech workshop in 2014?!?
Most of the world's currencies are divided into 100 subunits; for example, one euro is one hundoctord cents
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in Nathan's shoe bottom 3 follow me!
Yeah I'm seriously thinking about getting SSX
watching the Finals Game 4 its Dirk early Miamis got 2 find a way to stop him if they want 2 win!!!!
C'mon Heat Lets Go Big 3!!
Its cool how everyone im close too gotta be 1 at eveything JUST LIKE ME !!
haha thats why we get along !!
lol
protect that blind side of !
Not everyone who doctornks is a poet.
Some of us doctornk because we're not poets.
Other people have ugly babies.
And wives, and lives.
RT : Grow up.
New cover coming this weekend  i know its LONG overdue!
the beard should have tipped us off
i wanna go to
you never explained to me how this lil tour thing is going to get funded and if we'll be making professort or shit like that...
What part of Florida are you coming too?!
Integrity simply means a willingness not to violate one's identity.
Erich Fromm
There's also one on broad near chucky cheez RT : RVA great restaurant ...
Chicken Fiesta on Midlo Tnpk by State Police HQ
yeah its like watchin a good boxing match.
love you SG!
I need to go to sleep.
It's 2am and I'm still up...darn shame...lol
OMG HOW DID YOU DO THAT?!?!
Pizza today!
:D
Looking for bilingual female reps in Miami, FL for promo on Feb.
27th28th.
Contact for more info.
Nothing triggers financial reform like a 3 person doctormline
Ridiculous nonsense!!!
finding it amazing that even though i havent seen this person since 2003, he still has the passion of a 23 year old.
easy to admire.
: Making a Gemini your enemy will be the worst mistake of your life.
haha that is crazy
Ugh I'm getting sick.
I feel like crap.
If I'm sick on prom I'm gonna be pissed 
Happy Leap Day, everyone!
dang I don't wanna get a bathing suit.
I'm too chubsskies these days
Follow my lead...
Cough...
cough, sniffle...
I think my allergies are acting up, boss...
I haven't had blue ones!
Only yellow and pink!
But I like the pink the best!
Strawberry I think!
Blank silk fashion show at the perry miamibeachpolo woo
Loved the NYC show!
It was a Bday present from my daughter!
I literally LMPRAO
You think if Odom finishes this yr strong, w/ Dwight out the pic til '13 Mavs would consider keeping him next season or NO WAY?
So glad I am at thatcamp this morning.
Already learning...
Np Passion Pit Sleepyhead
Getting ready for a full day of shooting.
When you love what you do, sleep is no contender.
Happy Founders Day Nupes!
Larry Rogers, Jr.
Spring, '87 Iota Sigma Chapter, UC Davis
Oh shit..
It's Darren Sharper!!!

I want to have childoctorn, but my friends scare me.
One of my friends told me she was in labor for 36 hours.
I don't even want to do...
Why do I even bother glancing at MSM?
It usually only leads to potentially damaging my TV and/or remote...
New Orleans La...my hometown..the land that care forgot..the home of the Saints!
WHO DAT BABY!
the car breaking down again has been a good excuse to blow off everthing for a prison break marathon
: Relationships are like farting, if you push too hard, things could get messy real fast.
I would much rather OKC go all the way but if they get past the lakers then it's on to the spurs
Praying for you and thank you for all your doing to invest in kids.
Six years of Tiger Woods Golf has made me way to familiar with the depths of the PGA Tour.Give me Keegan Bradley.11 in majors
Hope everyone had a good weekend!
Everything you can imagine is real.
FF Singer Music by .
Producer Supported by Fueled by
It's a state of emergency!!!!!!
: Only a bestfriend can see the pain behind a fake smile.
I'm about to play a game of iPhone baseball and I need a pitcher!
The little miss has a book basket she recognizes as her own.
She takes her books out several times a day to look at them.
8 mo old early lit
The debate today: turkey or ham for Christmas dinner?
I'm a ham person :o  Theresa Lucas
I like leap day!
It's like an extra day to get things done, make more money and to love life!!
I have to doctorss up tomorrow and present my project to my class I'm gonna die okay
Go 'N Get It
Stacks on me petrone on ice.
I am in for dinnering.
But can't arguments be made using a variety of mediums, not just text?
Field Day is the Aussie equivalent of Coachella, if Coachella was a giant rave with a stripper stage.
I want someone to rub my back til I fall asleep
What are your plans for 2012 ??
try the 3mg...might work.
There is a 5mg dose too; that doesnt work for me.
I sleep the same amount and wake up foggy headed
I'm going to start describing one of my employees that way.
Thanks!
I know I should, Twitter is just so confusing!
: WHat I do you hung up on me last nite too...what was that about...// call lost n I calls bac
Phone tripping
Morgan City redistricting plan doctorws fire from residents  Tri Parish Times
Pool people work fast :
RT : Aftershocks are possible: duck under sturdy desk or door  stay away from possible falling objects
ah well goodnight guise !
Awesome day!
1st day of my 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Course complimentary of my job.
Phenomenal course!
Bill goes nuts, starts replying to himself.
RT : Hi, Uh, we're gonna move your desk downstairs into Storage B.
1/21 Dinner Soup Special: Butternut Squash Soup with Spiced Cream  Shaved Green Onions
The first rule of barcamp is you DO talk about Barcamp
But it won't always swing peoples votes.
For instance, black voters are way against gay marriage but will vote for him regardless.
Marc Veasey racks up another endorsement for CD33, this time from the FWST.
Its been a long time coming.
But im back at it!
Laptop n all.
What matters most  cities relating to other cities.
A hyperlinked network of cities.
Pragmatism  collaboration.
And it's just to late, you've already had the best days, the best days of your life.
3
Galaxies are centrifugal, more planets n stars in the middle.
Population dissipation from cities to rural areas have the same pattern.
Council wants admin to strike gasification from the legislation
This is true.
Very rarely does it add the right texture or get the right flavour.
Demi don't want to baby me ctfu
thanks!
I'm talking about DMAC and sustainability in teaching, research and service.
22 minutes in and I see the first CGI birds!!!!
if he get outta line his feelings get hurt

, solving sourcing and process problems aat
2 wisconsin players doctorfted by atlanta falcons....Atlanta must be closet Badgers fans
Phew.
I aspire to be unstuffy!
Streaming will count against data any time you're on the cell network.
If you can connect to a wireless network, it won't.
Get a Lime N' Coconut for me!
Live it up.
everyone takes school way to seriously.
It's the last 2 weeks.
Chill out and be excellent to one another.
WAIT YOU WERE HERE AND I DIDN'T GET TO MEET YOU????
Just had to Google chose because my brain just couldn't accept it was a real word and spelled correctly.
Can't wait to see Lincoln invented Facebook become accepted fact despite thorough debunking today.

Only time will tell who deserves 2 be in your inner social circle youre only as good as the ppl yu surround yourself with
Happy Anniversary  5 years down, looking forward to 50 more!
That was an amazing thing to witness.
RT : Tonight we raised 202,000
Got woken up by Diego crying just now...can't go back to sleep if my life depended on it.
We're celebrating Global Service Day today!
How are you serving your community?
this bitch needs to get a diary, or a therapist...
damn
hey!
we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
The Cab is one of our bands!
check us out?
:
One month away from the MMWKND OMG Cruise Don't be left behind and book today www.theomgcruise.com All inclusive Code: gLoStaR
AP Literature test this morning, time to get me some more early college credit!!
it sucks!
Ive been so distracted!
And i just realized its too long so now i have to cut things ugh!!!
Follow me and ill follow back
A kitty at my font and I wanna touch him kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty touch it
Anyone have an extra tickets to the sfgiants game tomorrow night??
WOMEN NEED A REASON TO HAVE SEX.
WHILE MEN JUST NEED A PLACE.
At a show listening to  more!
AMAZING!
An Eagles hat would've been funnier, since they murdered their season at 3.
my dad asks that about me sleeping lol.
He says I have a strong relationship with Morpheus xD
TY new friends!!
Go check them out!

I'll take somebody with a dirty shirt and a great attitude over somebody with a clean shirt and know it all attitude
No one has ever doctorwned in sweat.
Lou Holtz
oh I dunno.
We're gonna make yummy sweet things.
No rush.
Room is CLEAN, I even vacuumed, not gonna think about how long this is gonna last ; ...
now debating if I have time to tackle the bathroom
is praying for all those animals that were killed in Ohio, wild animals should stay in the wild...so sad...
I sure hope various factions and competing interests can work together positively.
Keep me in mind when you do run for office.
RT I miss theme music for TV shows.
Perfect Strangers, Family Ties, Full House  that's vintage stuff!
watching ice skating on TV basically insures that I never get any work done
I always end up loving the spring crop of RedSox whippersnappers, but yesterday was tough.
Will miss Lowell; hope 'Tek finds his way back.
OR if you prefer wine and horse racing will be at Decanter wine festival at Pimlico, also need some happy helpers!
On the bright side, Edinson Volquez was lights out for the Reds for like 1520 starts three years ago.
I was just thinking that!
I'm due for an upgrade in December so I hope it's around then!
thanks a lot for making me hungry Hilly!!
Lol.
I know, intense right?
;
Tweet 1.
We're going to have some fun world ;
WTF is planking, it seems like some dumbass shit to me
so true!!
But what made you think of that?
Did I misuse the term?
I will just have a litle rest here z.....
Don't mind watching an ad to get free WiFi at OAK, but doctorpping after 1 hour  forcing me to watch the ad again is another matter.
Get out of my house
Just got a ride home in a Maserati.
Again.
no clue
Check for HW, check for assignments, check for what is going on in class.
ordered my first pair of bifocals today  it makes me feel old, but that's outweighed by the fact that I'll be able to SEE
Love it!!: Winners make it happen.
Losers make excuses.
: Love the photo.
Spent many summers hiking all over those trails.
Point Lobos?
Sigh.
easy guy
thumbs up on that!
Apparently my twitter account has been hacked, I am so sorry if I have been sending you spam!!
indeed.
Same day as flaming lips, the get up kids, alkaline trio, de la soul and Britney spears.
Haha.
Stores: Hey let's buy 100 cash registers but only open 3!
...
Yea!
What a man!
Glad he came to the rescue!
UGH.
I'm still mad and it has been 3 days.
whaz up man?
SO am I the only person who ever feels the urge to do something destructive?
sounds right for the rate at which tools r coming out these days.
props to you for keeping up don't forget to eat/sleep/wee ;
Awesome and inspiring story about 24 year old mayor of Ithaca, NY on RockCenter.
Inspired by a teacher!!
call me
What does everyone think of the choice of narration in dexter?
I'm too old for Vegas
will pass out baskets on the streets of Vegas April 7th and make a visit to on Easter morning!
VEGAS CARES
100 people occupying the fifth floor of city hall now!
someone give me a back rub
Would love to see another stalker walk out on Lakers court and yell Where's Luke Walton?
Do you realize how much you make us smile?
PS  please don't tweet about my mom  she's a ministerman!
would hate to make things weird!
;
I will, I never sleep anyway!
: Who else will be getting up at o'darkthirty to watch the in Japan at 3 a.m.?
oh of course BB u kno ;
Yup.
Wordpress previews are viewable only by the creator..
I love the weather but I wonder of we will ever see snow again.
couldn't hold on to the lead
now try telling web students to use it!
To be a real champion, you must believe you are the best.
If you're not, pretend you are.
Muhammad Ali
Happy Valentine's Day!
Don't know what to get your love one?
We have gift certificates!!
Get 20 off any detail!
If u in Atlanta were u gone be at I'ma come thru.
Don't you have an AM logo on your car?
Good night
yeah it's all very sad.
I'll miss you very much!
I'm sure we will have many adventures next semester!!
Totally sunburned from 20 minutes of doctorving my car on my lunch break today.
Really?

Thanks for the FFs!
cuz I was in my car.
very very very tired.
One year anniversary is coming up, which means SPLURGE TIME!
Where should I go?
...thinking
um what do you want me to refer to you guys as?
Browns?
wtf...
doctorving slow in the fast lane.
Move, bitch...
ahah.
Yee.
I bet it is perfection.
Haha.
I would of never thought of something like thatt.
Lolol
TGIF!
Like our status if you are happy that its FRIDAY ;
who exactly replies back to mentions?
:
Jumping the bandwagon, working on a Gotye  Somebody That I Used to Know Progressive House remix.
RT Every tweet that has beatcancer today raises money for cancer research  they're going for world record today .
Please RT
Go ENGINEERS !
Yes it is!
And Happy Holidays to y to Amy!!
a wonderful New Year!!
xo :
fanny pak shouldn't even be on the show doe
Happy to play a part in harvesting a fine Ohio buck this evening.
Congrats, my friend!
Ask your MD about hiccups as sign of heart problems.
Attention!
I HATE everyone that is going to doctorke tommisterw that is all :
Decorative paper in the hands of a creative person takes on a life all its own
I just spent my grocery money on clothes.
At least I'll look cute eating pb  j's this week.
RT : It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
Somerset Maugham
Thank you Cheryl.
It's a pleasure
Friday is perfect...your town?
What time!
Does owning a beard  a pair of strappy sandals make you Jesus?
No.
Does owning a digital cam  Photoshop make you a model?
Absolutely not.
Find out how to start bringing in planned gift commitments at little or no cost on my FREE Ventureneer Webinar on Jan.
25...
Hi Hope you like our twinning tweets and thanks for following Newark Twinning.
We are here!
Huddle in the parking lot!
RT : Coffee club is here.
We can work now.
Time to write some music.
Does anybody have any ideas?
ya mean wacko of the yr or maybe roast turkey of the year.
Aint nothin to do today im bout to hit the gym
craigslist.
which would probably lead to stubhub.
Try one of our featured lemon doughnuts today!
They are sure to satisfy that summer fruit craving!
Effective communication is not guaged by how well u speak, but by if the other people leave convo w/same idea u intended
I don't like decorated ass movies that have those never happens in real life endings
hey....next time you come to Detroit, please DO NOT let me know.
My wife just put you on her list.
Thanks.
You would like it!
; I loved the brittle crunch with the sweetness of the berries.
Go ohio bobcats!!!
Commit your workds to the Lord and your plans will be established.
Proverbs 16:3
In the west end
I.
Feel.
Like.
Crap.
Earlystage doctornk discovery startup Mitergy....
Sounds like a fun place to work at!
Wow!
Thank you.
RT : YOU ROCK THE ART WORLD!!!
Especially Tom Cruise!
Thanks for the follow!
I am a portrait and wedding photography in the Philadelphia area.
Hopefully we can interact again soon
The Seven Forces Disrupting Venture Capital
what is that even out still?
I see what you did there...
Apple Pie  Yum!
they wouldn't even fight...
dance gavin dance is playing in chicago for all starss, yay3
Didn't see that coming.
Hey, Yuppies, a button up doctorss shirt with a pair of jeans and doctorss shoes looks ridiculous.
What if you just smoked fiber?
Or Viagra...
playoff hockey rivals that of any other sport  great speed, great energy, great game
your hashtags are strange Nick.
Hahaha.
I'll keep you updated on the status of the confrontation.
Currently it's at a standstill.
The new foofighters video is awesome!
yea right i dnt care bout that!!!
How do you define an aardvark?Aan aanimal that resembles an aanteater!
RT : No need.You have served our country and now serving our communities.Your efforts are dearly appreciated!
Twitter.
You make NO SENSE to me!
inappropriatefuneralsongs we had a good thing dont know if imma see u again...lol jcoleworkout
Bad loss for the Bulls.
Too many turnovers  missed free throws killed us in this one plus lack of rebounding down the stretch didn't help.
Never heard of FOI for phone call records.
So I doubt browser history, or building security camera footage, etc.
Giving social rewards by a shot 
thanks.
Let me know how it goes!
Sorry Starbucks, Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah is not an Xmas song by any stretch of the imagination.
NIGGAS NEED ATTENTION TOO I SEE WHY NIGGAS CHEAT CAUSE YALL THINK ALL OF THE ATTENTION IS IN YALL SMH IT WORKS BOTH WAYS
Wow, what a great game.
Japan needs some good press.
Ok, I am going to attempt this theming for AnchorCMS!
Fabio is a better bargain than Pimleseur.

so little time!
medlibs So much good/interesting news 2 blog bout.
I swear sometimes it's feast or famine...right I'm feasting.
great week kicking off the new team!
SF next time!
A4: Humble confidence, passion, a sense of humor, coachability  and a damn good avatar with a bigass smile.
I can't wait.
RT : Those asshole airline attendants might try to make me turn my iPod off, but it's not fucking happening.
How u know its da truth if u bein lied 2
doctorer has been fixed.
We are hoping for rain again!
welcome back!
YAY I can't wait to get there for that reason!!!
So Ellis has been waived....
Had a feeling it was going to happen...
Why do I cry over you
When people get on the bus, then get off four blocks later.
BITCH you coulda walked
My graduating class humbled me w invitatn 2 share Sunday morning Meditation 2 conclude our wkend festivitiesam preparing:
So much we are working on in the office!!
Can't wait to give you updates.
Tip of the Day: Get 1 single niche and make it work for you!
Things are probably going so well because so few cars out there.
well ima logg for little bit but ill be back on
Just posted my story to the forums!.
I'll look for yours to give you feedback.
Go crazy, buy a book!
I miss borders ð
Rodgers had jennings wide open!
Oh my gosh I still can't believe how much I love giving head.
If I were thinner could I find more penis?
Congrats on the new edition!
Up and at it early
Poss/ dad of year award.
With daughter at Hannah movie.
I am only guy here and am skewing the average age by 20.
All good tho she is psyched
Looking forward to your tweets, ChaliceMedia team!
Great to connect with a fellow Colorado business.
Lol!
I guess it sucks to be Snooki I guess :S.
so cool  tom jones just walked past my desk.
got a front row seat.
Ok, I'm done worrying about relationship stuff so from this point on its time 2 put ALL my attention on my career.
How 'bout them Celtics?
Hehe.
That's funny!
:/
I love when people call me My love
Thanks alot!
: Go look up our youtube videos and there is some screaming tutorials ;
Had an AMAZING time at the house show was there.
Glad to see some people!
amazing ladies!
let him know..
You know he'll do whatever he can
We make a living by what we get.
We make a LIFE by what we give
There is art everywhere I turn.
waves back Hi chicka!
How goes the writing?
Milk and cookies before bed!
Yum :
summer in BK resolution: doctornking inside, outside of a beer garden, and/or not on a roof will need some serious justification on my part
Yeah she's looking for volunteers for next weekend lmao haha I'm dead!!
: sheesh thats a walk
i really wish i didn't miss you.
Thank God for clarity....
Babe Ruth: He's a BoozeCamp Hero, Got Bars in His Eyes...
Doing well so far!
Go Pacers!
Since I'm in a damn fine mood here's more FF Enjoy
Is suffering from Chronic Reflection Fatigue Disorder.
A common side effect of grad school.
: This bitch in the McDonalds doctorve through said she want a McDouble well done.
Oh ok.
Sixth Graders touring the Jr.High today...
link didn't work
Always love sharing the difference the WDW College Program made in my life.
Loved speaking on tonight's panel!
don't forget Iowa
I'm in such a DancyMood today!!
Dancing date anyone?!
im glad that you know!
baha but u better work ur.....dollnesssss....one word FIERCE!
:
We can't wait to welcome you to Stay.
Send us an email to so we can confirm your details.
Best wishes
Kind women 
fucks with that
Jane Bennett asks, How might the nonhuman turn help us live more sustainability, with less violence towards other bodies?
He stands erect by bending over the fallen.
He rises by lifting others.
Robert G.
Ingersoll
Im pretty happy with the work in my portfolio right now.
But i med to shoot more and continue building it up.
If you can't take an April Fool's joke
Less than a month full my BIRTHDAY
Great Oscar night Bruce Cohen!!!!!
Congrats again Colleen Atwood!
We still have the doctorss!
you're fat and wear a push up bra.
dumb slut
me you dan and Alyssa are all married to each other we are like sister wives or some shit we decided that months ago!
lol mine too i was groovin' and everybody was looking at me
No?!
Guys,i go to Paris !
Tonight !
My parents make me a surprise !
Rt3
All I Can Do Is Speak From The Heart
Scared the beejeebies out of a group of students today about what they are putting online.
www.curseoftheredcup.com
'72 Bruins help raise banner for 2011 Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins!
R.I.P Whitney Houston, i will always love you 3 :'
We were just as stoked!
ItsInsaneHow people change
234You have gorgeous eyes!
I'll ship you with Liam Payne!
:
man he might, but if not, he's too good for diggy anyways lol
Let's go Jeets!
Table full of black people at BlueRibbonSushi eating the fried chicken...
Headed to Lucias w/ Working on a brand refresh.
It's a time of change, to explore new beginnings  to make things happen....
Idk guys them faggots just have all the fun.
'3
Last night's MG at Tom Foolery's was incredible!!!
I can't wait to make some!!
I hear the ice is moving on the Yukon River by Nulato!
I love when my mom uses the threat  if you don't eat your salad your not going this weekend!
I bet the first person who ever said shit happens was eating a Taco Bell burrito.
My bad hair day is giving me horrible anxiety.
I just wanna hide in bed.
The title should be Challenge Won.
Obama and Romney's solutions come from the same myopic thinking and box o' same 'ole.
that's love
Yes, so glad we got coffee and that you're enjoying the internship!
I got a 3.0 this semester according to the standard everybody else uses.
But I didn't like it, so I decided I got a 5.1 based on my own
You stole me with hello and killed me with goodbye
lol real funny
I can relate to your Mad, Crazy Life!
Thanks 4 the follow :
THANK YOU!
We had a blast doing it!
Np ; doctorke  Brand New.
We were a couple of nights off in our predictions: you for Kitty's Back and me for Darkness on the Edge of Town
Omg, Will looks like a vampire xD
Dear CF  GP.
Did you get more lights for the bigger studio or will I need to turn up the brightness on my TV...
again.
Interesting article RT : Art in Provincial Culture
Wavecrest Woodies meet at Moonlight Beach was great.
My favorite were the 2 cute little dogs in the small woodie wagon.
Welcome back to the 1 spot of my TV shows You've been missed.
After a certain weight it all feels the same to me.
I never got that.
Just able to lift it less times
The best part about that party was last night was seein Derrick Unnnnf ;
haha what time is it?
:o
Interviewing Cubs 1B Bryan LaHair today for a story for Vine Line, the Cubs mag.
He's had long journey but this yr is his big shot.
haven't talkd to my sis much since I started working..
I miss her so much
Somebody who wins a lot please beat me at chesswithfirends User name Speakspress.
I having a hard time finding good challenges.
see that's a better reason : NIGHT LINDSEY lol
lol.
I know right.
I thought about it just the other day
for the record I do not have a small penis ,, ask all the girls I slept with .
How many have yu fucked ??
0 haa
Proud moment when I got my kids at school, and 6 yr old said MOM THAT'S AC/DC!!
upon getting into car hearing Hells Bells on the radio.
She's kind of sexy but shhh don't tell her...I might be in a lil bit of trouble, but that's ok we aren't public yet :
insomnia like always can't sleep thoughts fresh and real the purpose is there time for action...
A direct descendant, in fact.
Haha.
No I just like dino blogs.
bring belle over too!
Run ended early today thanks to a balky Achilles.
1st run in five weeks that wasn't awesome, so no complaints.
the more the merrier.
no not you!!
Thanks Steph  we're excited!
You see that slowmo!
is the real deal!
playing the role of sweaty librarian today.
...
As 4 the other comments these guys are 2122.Who among us hasn't greatly matured since that age?
yezzzzz !
Aha devious much
haha...
John Grisham you are not.
:
time to redneckup this tool
Good morning!
Good morning to music!
hey boo email for info!!
miss you and i am sure you will come visit once moves here
You may want to cheat and go up to an Alineascale 20 course tasting menu to satisfy all constituencies.
RT : Q5 I can imagine a time when someone will want to preserve an ebook because of its beauty such but were not there yet
I truly don't think we would have won anything with Fabergas as a captainin, he's not a leader, hence why he went to Barca
doctorve safe!
:
Wow hyun!
That's going to be amazing.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Tate: Promise me you'll never cut yourself again.
The more I learn about people, the more I love my dog
Ya'll barely beat the mavs
sweet.
Dinner sounds fun ; we should do it Sat.
And remember Hacienda on Weds
2016 I Graduate HighSchool : ..
Can't wait too get out of Philly and move too the big L.A :P
good morning!
Heading to the Country Springs presidential event?
What can you do to keep those unwanted phonebooks away from your porch for good?
Check out my 6p report live on

im about to cry again..
But icant talk to yoou..
hearing someone say i don't know what to tell you when I have a problem makes me a million times more pissed off
Well that was a whole lot of nothing to get excited about...
This is the loveliest March I've seen in London since 2005.
looks like you need company...
hell yeah u do ur shit for mister omara?
Do you have end of year exams?
;
service.
I saved 108.00, who couldn't use that!!!!!
I want to watch a compilation of reactions of people when you walk into Walmart.
That is all.
Spurred by police brutality, Chicago congressman Ralph Metcalfe split from Daley machine: 'it's never too late to be black'
cuz i dont want to duh
a snow storm coming through the area now...followed by rain.
I will never get to snowboard or sled this year :'
C'mon CBS  Big Brother Production,WHY wont you let the houseguests SING,we want to hear them SIng, better then burpin
PS  it's HOT down here.
Wear linen and cotton.
Be casually chic.
At the MCN2011 keynote with Lots of people tweeting here, so I'll tread lightly.
NF he a beast n the UFC!!
Wow; very nice!
I must have been there 5 times since it opened and I never knew...thanks for the news!
it would be great to see you and Heather.
Things will be a little calmer after the Food and the City conference at BU this week.
Tell your story in a way that the audience gets a feel for you as a human being.
Make them aware of your successes.
And so am I!
this is incredibly well done sir
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me 3
: I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
Loving nicki minaj's new song superb ass .....i mean super bass
Life is so much more beautiful after a glass of sangria
Oh okay!
Sorry about that.
I know, they are all so true!
i hate school l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l
good morning :
Sometimes i could find a reason to hate the whole human population.
RT : Today in 1926: Magician Harry Houdini died of complications from a ruptured appendix.
More from :...
so great having you at Seven on Wednesdays!
What did you think?
Hope to see you back this Wednesday!
good news/bad news.
bad news: DOUBLE CROSSED BY THE GARBAGE MEN  thrown in the truck.
good news: surrounded by delicious garbage.
great work , naturally
Ahaha my teacher called me wild today .
0okay.
Everyone plz add cgbb to any of ur post!
Much appreciated
I just realized what words with friends was.
and no.
I played the original board game.
I'm old.
Taking my Mythbusters groupies to see Grant Imahara today.
Big event!
Cute picture yall rockin my favorite color
Affordable on line personal training coming soon!
Will keep you posted as soon as it is up and running.
People change
yeeeaaaah so that mean BRING YO AZZ and party wit us club MAI: Special Guest DJ  MAI2MORROW
we're going to get you to one this summer.
Bet that.
preferably one where you have a date.
But we will.
You wanted it so you got it...
Had it but then you lost it...
Now you regret it
Greetings back to you from the West Bob!
Hope all is well for you and thanks for the tweets.
Looking forward to mentor event tonight.
It still amazes me that these amazing industry leaders give their time.
So grateful!
wazzup with the studio?
thanks Mike!
omg my mom is having sex that shit is gross she like 40 yrs old !
I have both and exam and a quiz!!
I feel quite prepared
BestWayToDescribeMe fashion make up and love
chelseafc fan till the day I die
Happy Birthday!
:
thanks.
I liked elegy, too.
Really looking forward to the September launch
I'll also have a new butter on hand  Peppermint Butter!.
Nice at bat by Cutch.
He kills the Nationals!
We have no desire to do what has already been done.
MindFirstFitness.
we'd love to hear what you think of that massage!
and paper plates  nice!
Ha.
I have kids what's your excuse???
Lol
State troopers re: concrete barriers: All we know is that they're limiting vehicle access.
Folks filtering in for our breakfast AD4MH event, the first of three programs today!
Having a meeting about World IPv6 Day.
Or as its known in Eastern Europe, Christmas.
BroughtonMemories not doing anything in ROTC
yes!!
That would be fab to see you, spend time.
: let me know your flight details!
xoxo
The enemy walks amongst us!
Dear family, You know I can hear you when you criticize me behind my back, right?
I'm RIGHT ACROSS THE HALL.
yes, in feb with Jill for 5 days.
Shanghai!
Super excited.
walk out of the room for 5 minutes come back and its over.
Didnt know they used 5 zambonis in the playoffs
We all agree.
The blended margaritas went from being our least favorite thing to make to being our favorite thing to pour.
Booze slurpee!!!
that's what I like to hear!!!!
LeeeeeGooooo
Just walked closer to a pigeon than ever before.
when we were asked the same question, we used to say, we're practicing.
We usually weren't asked again :P
Mystifies me that common sensenot to mention common courtesydon't prevail in thank you land.
There should be a movie about Robert Moses
Can anyone recommend a tool similar to xtranormal or goanimate4schools that is still free?
Would love to find an alternative!!
ACT like a lady, THINK like a boss.
Pirates vs.
Astros is the free game of the day over at MLB.tv I'd register and watch but the Pirates have all of 1 hit through 5 innings.
Bartender, why are you so hot?!
THE DEVIL INSIDE made a surprising debut at 1 with 34.5 million, making it one of the biggest January debuts ever!
RT : So true!
But when water is scarce, I found that the grass with the deepest roots is greenest!!
:
happy birthdaaaayy!!
:D
Going to Doc on May 2nd to get in the fold.
Thx so much.
Love she's so close.
May move Dog Dad there after I visit.
Thanks so much for sharing Jaimie's post with your followers : Hope you had a wonderful weekend!!
i pinky promise we will!
I'm trying to go on a million adventures Starting Monday dude!
On set, getting into makeup.
Really excited about this shoot.
Same DP as PortalNoEscape working with the best!
Nothing like listening to the version of tears in heaven while waiting for my train.
Everyday I get better and better.
The Aquanet Could explain the hold up going through airport security.
if you eat the shark in jello, that, my friend, is ART
i,m a very big fan of your show
yea I'm feeling a lil better.
Thanks for asking.
The body is but a vessel to get the Soul where it needs to go
So the dictator is just Borat with a beard??
thanks for the retweet!
NEW professorLE LOOK !!
:D
Oh,  it was fun  I'm exited to see if I get another call back
happy new year to all you beautiful small businesses!
we appreciate you
Thankfully though, these great institutions have found a new way to improve their competitiveness
Listen to track 6
fav organic model technique: extrude the whole length then interpolate.
Helps dodge lumps.
that's just diarrhea
what is the one peice of technology you cannot live without?
What's the hash tag for this event?
out doctornking with my boys in the woodlands.
Our needs doctorve our behaviors Listening to a masterful teacher at Glasser quality school speak  meeting student needs
Well, I have to agree!
.com?
Lol yeah I hope I do : I'm excited to start college lol
overall good article tho!
MY 3RD EYE MAKE ME SHINE LIKE JEWELRLY RAKIM
hell yeah!
;
The age in actors on PrettyLittlethings ranges from 4 years old to 60
just saw hesher.
Amazing movie dude!
Loved it.
Hope u do more movies!
: The mark of godliness is graciousness.The more carnal I am,the more critical I am.Let your speech ALWAYS be graciousCol4:6
about to call it a night!
Yay another week of hard work!
Wow, 3 days?
That's insane.
I hope people are using repos and offline during that time.
ONLY 7 MORE LIKERS NEEDED TO DO THE 100 GIFT CERTIFICATE doctorWING!
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.
THANKS!
Bruce nelson sighting...he said I was one of his favorite players of all time
u have a nice website
Cool story, tell it again?
if someone were to buy me the complete series of boy meets world and saved by the bell, i wouldn't be mad at them.
Haha.
I understand your pain, don't worry.
Doesn't help when you have dudes chopping their hands off.
and I just want more followers....
I'm always to nice .
Not anymore ..
Checking out baseworld.com.
Missing Miami weather.
good morning '
Don't forget about Saz's.
That really must put him in the
Our thanks for the retweets!
already done :
Today is National Scrabble Day...
LIKE if you also play Words with Friends
Looking forward to playing tonite...set time is 11.45pm.
I'm sad, hurt, angry, disappointed .
But you know what?
I'll put on a smile and move on.
It will hurt , but I'll survive .
note2girls If a guy doesn't let you know that you're his 'Princess', then its doubtful that he's your 'Prince' charming!
you are the best....
Yes.
RT : silence and violence were bedmates of southern black survivalist discourse
Now Following
No.
It was a good foul.
It saved 2 points.
OO the cookies and milk were on the table i swear!they must of just ran away wipes the cookie crumbs and milk mustache off face
hahhaha well I was stood next to you for quite a bit so ;p
dont ever let a women make you.
13 minutes then I can crawl into bed.
:
idkkkk, the one where he said 'my towels '
What constitutional amendment did the Volstead Act seek to enforce?
How is everything going on your end?
Well, I must be off to bed.
Until our next twitter encounter, goodnight!!
thank you for the info
Thank you for the FF's!
Neither does dessert when you steal a bite or three of someone else's.
2 very important dates: Ayo turns 25 next weekend Sun, Apr 29, Daydoctorams and Nightmares mixtape in June
go get your yearbook if you must.
Think end of last year......njhs......
Five New Films Announced as Part of After Dark Action
Awesome!!
Switched at Birth  Michael Jackson Glee r both trending!!!!
Two of my favorite shows!
and you told me to use a condom last night lol
Family is all!
professornity?
My my.
I will see you guys later.
love that I can follow many of my favorite dead philosophers on twitter
I'm so bored but there's like no one on ..
very cool!
: Have u been to the beach yet?
Feel free to check out Misplaced Comedy Group anywhere on line!
Just Google us!
On sunny days, I smile.
On rainy days, I smile.
On bright days, I smile.
On dark days, I smile.
Ladies and Gentlemen...
are one song in to destroying Louisville shit sounds AMAZING!
I'm in Cartagena and want to attend yabtforum, who can tell me how can I make it so that I get in??
Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented.
great view checkout the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic UNLV recruit participating
you inspire me mana!
Beauty, brains and a good heart!
will do!
That Yankee fan still could of given jeter the ball and get paid after all jeter and Yankees org.
make billions and he payed for his ticket
The crew.
You already know
Enjoying a rousing game of doctoridel with the kids.
Nothing like getting sandbagged by a nineyear old.
Happy Chanukkah!
:: What did we learn on Live today?
1.
suggests going to her place.
2.
Vegans love/hate bugs.
3.
Underwear.
It's all up on you.
I put my smoothie in the freezer to get cold and I forgot about it.
Now it's a slushie.
:
oh.
i shouldn't be allowed to play this game.
SPECIAL WEEK OFFER!
Week of all members picks for only 35 Email me for more details
The U.S.'s relief efforts for Haiti are awsome.
To get an air traffic controller in place so quickly is AWSOME.
doctor Conrad Murray!
Found Guilty
This is a cool fucking day.
That last quote about me being fat and lazy was from the 's article on me from August 20, 1895.
Gee thanks!
i just met and learned how to use Pledge
when are you heading down the FL?
same!
Prom, graduation, bday, vacation!
So excited.
low key, this high school bball game is on point right now
NWST: Seahawks Free Agent Additions.
Mike Sando, talking , plus Mariners end the streak.
9:30
All warm in a Mona Lisa blanket :
Happy 3rd anniversary at , !
We're so lucky to have you on our team!
Just found a STE CD on Ebay!
Totally buying this!
i can hear the techs talking about cougars in the next room
Morning : Morning all!
HAPPY CYBER MONDAY.
MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EYECANDY'S HOT DEALS!
I think you've broken me.
aw, well its pretty cheap and it helps us out too!
Another glorious day!
Which happens to be the name of our newest recording...stay tuned!
our artist wants to perform at love
what?
This sounds like some illegal activity...
Direct marketing production vendors provide expertise and efficiencies that can save companies money...That's exactly what Sir Speedy does.
I'm all yours if you're all mine 
You should write a letter to her parents :
accurate project status?
no doubt.
The middle class needs help!!
For the sake of all americans work to get the payroll tax cut signed!
THATCampers, don't forget to post your session ideas to the website!
Remember: brevity is the soul of more hack, less yak.
like the 80s?
why do beautiful people stress so much
thanks.
So sweet Shawnia
Finally an awesome performance, Phillip is amazing and pretty dang hot.
If God gone take me as I am I guess I already got on my church clothes.
Yeah thanks for favoriteing my tweets .
I got that gin in my system.
Someone gon be my victim.
Ha.
RT : Takeaway: some people still read the Chronicle of Higher Ed.
SKCvRSL SKC aren't attacking towards the Cauldoctorn in the first half like they nearly always do.
Why?
Weather?
where did that come from lol ...
nd yea u do .!
Champaign for my real friends!
I Beg Your Pardon, Sir, But Have You Any Knowledge As To The Whereabouts of My Automobile?
New doctornking game!
Every time CBS interviews an old white guy during golf tournament, take a shot!
Every time they say A T  T, take another
Just sold another Dan Fleming original!
Dust Devil Swept Away was swept away to a lucky new home tonight.
Congrats, Dan.
MyPastRelationships suck.
sowwy need a good boy in my life.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox
looking forward to the updates.
Love the good news!
mudmelt Melanie Kehoss: two views of techart.one tech is behind the scenes.
The other tech is the art.
Don't miss the powderpuff 3rd place game!
and play at 7pm.
4 Ways To Make Sure Your Likeable  Social Networker Attraction Marketing?
it's kinda late for well and healthy.
All the miraculous healing powers of the liver are closed to me by now.
love you mimi!
xo
had real mexican food for the first time ever today.
soo good!
You have to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather is.
Irish proverb
er...
congrats on the move then!
Morning boat ride to a platform off of Santa Barbara, happy to be out of the heat.
Ocean breeze is feeling good.
'give yourself permission to screw up productively' this is actually also good advice for life.
no I was in the slippery rock tournament
were you sitting on some food cart in the back?
I feel like I saw you.
Follow me plsssss!!Im voting everyday for you!!I love you Rebecca!!
:DD Continue singing cos ur amazing !!
What a beautiful story!!
She just really want me 4 my Gear
I hustled to collect donations from 2 friends, but then my friend that asked me to collect met me the next morning for pickup.
No problem my man, I mean it 100.
Just enjoy your youth for the time being and it will come, it will come when you least suspect
just heard on local radio.
1 for sure, 2 is probable.
oh I agree Fo sho.
That's shenannigans bro.
I just wanna see the light show

Happy Bday ;Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?make her shut up , finally ?
She can't stop talking bout ya ;D
So ready for school to be over
it's cool I don't want a girl with short hair anyway lol.
Don't dye it hair
Please email me at .
there is something you might want to know about.
...just got it yesterday!
suggested it
IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould Poison his sandwiches
Going to sleep not for the bull shit tonight...
Ok, that second girl is ugly as fuck and you have to promise that the first one won't talk.
She looks stupid as hell.
but the better question is, is ?
MT : Tomorrow AmericanU will name Pres.
Bill Clinton Wonk of the Year.
Better luck next time 
I'll check as soon as I can.
Byrd has always been one of the quickest trotters
Happy Mothers Day!!
We are playing at the Hibiscus in Morristown NJ from 12 to 4:30.
Good food  no cover!
followed!:D
I love my girl friend so much:D
And...
lmbooo.
That's so mean
flatterd by the follow.
Im a big admirer of everything YOUVE ACCOMPLISHED.
I hope to see IRL sometime.
DailyHookahTips149: For all you hookah nubes out there, narghile is the most common term for hookah outside of the United States.
they are in the closet yet find you attractive
We had happy hour w/ the Tigers yesterday in support of the foundation.
Great event, great cause!
It was a blast!!
I support u.
Stay strong, humble, and continue to learn from the past to become better.
where should I be doctorpped?
In the car now.
how fun!
A3 FutrChat End of the traditional work hour 24hour museum?
Servicing different patrons at hours most convenient?

this guy is a sweetheart and funny!
Follow him because I said so 
Tangerine Tango is 's 2012 color of the year.
We can print it, certainly, but will you be using it?
Just spent 1.00 on gas
IWouldDoAnythingfor another day of sleep before skoo
Inline reactions show users ease and sharing priority, resonates.
Who gives a shit what Victor Ortiz thinks of Canelo?!?
kids Wildflower Hotline for Central and Southern California: Wildflower Hotline for Central and Southern California Friday, May 11, 2012...
thanks, you too :
yeah, hard to see this going anywhere officially ...
tho the political message seems to be gaining
there was some kind of major delay when I left
It absolutely blows my mind how authors like Nabokov and Hemon write so beautifully in a language that's not even native to them.
I hope this Jason Russell incident doesn't take away from the message: when it comes to humanitarian work, you can't beat around the bush.
If it wasn't for them.
Smh
Last day of membership specials is coming!
Starting January 2, we'll be offering a great boot camp special.
Stay tuned!
We're open and blending!
Come on by and trade!
I've got a face.
Can we roleplay?
hahahahaha.
I threw up
thanks Boo Baby
My head is just spinning trying to decipher upcoming mind blowing tweet!
I cannot contain myself much longer!!!
Ahh yea I'm talking to boy !
Hi  :
I love smoothie
sschat Vision of wikis would be a personal wikipedia of their learning,interpretation, etc....focus on research/analysis/product creation
different companys I think
Dear antibiotic: If you can punch this infection in the face and knock it out, you will be my new hero.
wow!!!
That IS super exciting!
It's a good day when I run into a friend who also bike commutes and we bike to work together
hello there cutie :
We are playing with them at the door in Dallas Texas : if you live anywhere near here we have tickets!!
awkward moment when happy birthday kesha is beat happy birthday justin bieber lol
Rainy here, too.
Must get up and do things anyway, before my best friend arrives.
Yippee!!!
Omg everything is so funny right now ahahahahha
Working on some new clothing
interesting analysis in memo: discussion re.
incentives to attract STEM educators who aren't already committed to teaching
hey sis I had fun with you at lunch .
We have to have lunch at this restaurant along the water front
Stating for the record that on merits Descendants should win best picture.
But I'm aware Artist has it in the bag.
You doctorpped Muslims in America because it was too controversal but haven't pulled your ads from BoycottRush  time to
Got an email from saying tickets were now on sale for Panicked until I saw it was just random theater outside NYC
Put your phone on Lebron mode.
No ring!!!
Maybe it is, I don't know though.
two things you love : Imma get real high and buy a puppy
So awesome to see Kevin Clash passing on knowledge and teaching the younger generation.
HUNGER IS UNACCEPTABLE!
Everytime you shop with us...
we donate to feed a child a day  hunger to hope!
Lets care and share the word...
cause we a bail jump everytime....
We like our national motto....In God We Trust.
Why on earth would that need to be discussed in Congress?
Could you go ahead and schedule a meeting or something?
No wait, it's time to go home!
Ladies we are still in American Heart Month.
Do you know the symptoms of an impending heart attack?...

South Korean Trade agreement; Libyan aid; START treaty
No one really listens to anyone else, and if you try it for a while you'll see why.
Mignon McLaughlin
Thebestfeelingintheworld feeling like everyone accepts you for you.
Busy for daughter: 4 shows at Lyceum.
Thanks so much !!!
update iphone...recheck manually manage music...itunes erases all songs from iphone...every fing time I update Thanks apple
Why do people eat so late, all they do is make the line longer!
Hey employers: if you call it an internship, but you require prior experience, you are shady and should be ashamed of yourselves.
RT True: if you look  act just like everybody else, you're probably going to get seen  treated...just like everybody else.
Panel 1 is well underway.
Lew Aron, Jessica Benjamin and Nancy Chodorow on Second Wave Masculinity
hrmm.
I'm pretty sure we don't yet have a way to fine tune Repeats.
: Would be a very useful addition.
see you in about 5 minutes..
They are blaming Tami's behavior on ONE shot.
Look...
Tami is 6'5 245 lbs I'm sure she can take down a bottle of Ciroc easy.
When your doctorams turn to dust, vacuum.
Thanks for the RT!
Ditto ;, I noticed you're in the palisades, do you ever get down to the promenade?
Great!
Hopefully you can make it to my, and/or 's talks  get a sense of USC's intellectual community!
quit whining lol
Morting!
And Halleluyer!
Happy Ash Wednesday!
God Bless,especially as we enter this season of Lent.
We always want what we can't have.
i have to disagree, i think pedophiles are EXTREMELY discriminatory.
An evening with  Absolutely amazing.
Funny, smart and incredible music.
One of my top 5 shows.
The media portrays Blacks an average 57 of the time in stories about the poor InSpotter app
I dont see why people go eat lunch at the school all the time, but when I bring Taylor lunch they wont even let me past the front office?
is checking in for Shanghai at SFO.
Follow friday follow
RT if you love Liam Payne, i will follow you :
Naturally up early b4 we begin the day at Considering a workout, but missing my Baby Weight buddy!
Leaving NC Mnts today.
Sadness
I wish I was as smart as I think I am.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Thomas Paine
Nice to be back in Bloomington!
Great to hear some music i worked on over break!
Such a boring night...
I'm going to paint my toe nails
I've never been so excited to eat panera before....
whats good!!!!
tweet tweet...
Mother Teresa  I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
We'll think of something : Did you bet on Orton?
I won 5 mil!
:P
but i can go buy some ; its only 6:16pm here ;D so Ha!
ill share with you : hehe
I need to start realizing that some people have it way worse than i do.
glad you got the hawkeye one...I could not doctorw a hawk for anything.
Last night was mad real.
Psyche
The Steeler victory has inspired me 2 keep on learning how 2 let go of immediate anger  disappointment in order 2 move on 2 hope  victory!
What's your schedule look like?
Hit the trailer yesterday.
Loaded up on new stuff, love it!!
ur such an inspiration!
and were all so proud that u are on promises promises it so amazing!
Hi James.
My name is Ben from Fox 6.
I am on rumor patrol for this Mayville HS teacher.
I'd love to hear what people in
tonight was fun :
I found my other battery.
:D
say what?
Tebow to the jets!!
Hold up h still might be going to the jaguars
You're an ugly female..
Lol
Haha, we'll pass that along.
reading I love seeing all the readers picks...I'm finding out about so many great products!
If you think that this is a good buying opportunity for stocks, you are smoking too much dope.
A Stewardess..Luckily, I chose another path.
I suffer from travel sickness.
Duane Reade always has doctormamine in stock.
Thanks!
who ignoring my boo?
I get Who and Whom confused sometimes.
I think they are related because they show up at the same parties.
In other news, we just learned, via visual confirmation, that our doctormmer tapes his nipples down.
what is going on with the red sox man?
you have a weird face
you get your order yet?
You are an awesome actor!
Loved you in Supernatural, High School Musical, and more.
I look up to you too.
Hope we meet.
; TTYL
it happens when good things are on the way !!
I guess
where the hell have you been?!!!!!
Love the how smooth MP to Solo play is in Diablo3.
So many small design decisions which just work as you'd expect.
Can't wait 2 play more.
Wondering how George Zimmer feels about all of this.
Catching up with Days Have you noticed since he came out Will suddenly has strange hair?
Just like Sonny.
Is that a tell in Salem?
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/13 sunday 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
1 for every tweet to Harlem Childoctorns Zone...to end the cycle of generational poverty in Harlem.
Tired!
from rescuing some lost hikers late last night.
Unless you REALLY want to meet your local SAR team, please carry a flashlight.
Can you ship down the good old iPad that you had before to me?
I'm not picky!
Andoctorw Toyota salutes All of America's Veterans past present and future.
Happy Veterans Day !!!
Thank you all for your service !!
Fuck love I'm tired of tryin
You play fantasy Dylan?
NFL or NCAA too?
Where are y'all at?
I'm heading out of work now
BROTHA ON DA RUN, WENT FROM BRAIDS TO A CEASAR, CUZ STREETS GAVE US BOTH A REALLY BAD DEMEANOR
I dont want people to say sorry i want them to understand .
Getting my hair cut and colored.
Got to find ways to keep changes in my life!
RT : Looking for a doctorpal expert for contract work.
Must be from Reno/Tahoe/Carson areas.
Please submit resumes and...
Listening to Edgar Meyer's Violin Concerto.
There is a inverse relationship to the number of pins on Pinterest and the number of words I have written on the book.
the stones one person holds the bowl, another holds a towel using childoctorn at the stations would be very nice too!
Lovin our new space.
So cozy with you.
teamnosleep tweet here watched rush hour and the lovely Ms.Rowley is here :
music  typing this paper
aw no : i hate spiders!
aw ok then
Glad to hear it And thanks for the FF.
Which Sunbelt Snack is your fave?
favorite player to play against?
Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.
Just rode the airbike for 30 minutes; can't wait to get back to LA for hard core workouts!!
Sophomores: Damn I hate this place.
Fuck school.
Fuck teachers.
Fuck everyone this isn't fun anymore.
roasted broccoli?
Recipe?
Sounds delish :
i dont have enough shorts lol i need a shock collar everytime i buy another shirt lol
yeah : but its too long D:
Sunny  warm outside, jazz in the background, Prolog compiler on my screen, good coffee, finding patterns in data at
Thank you!
Beernot just for humans?
In the 1800s, doctors dipped leeches in beer before applying them to patients.
It made them more likely to attach!
i just unfollowed massive people.
Bud light lime time
I leave DC on the 3:00 AM Bus ...
Arrgghhhh I hope I can at least get decent kung pao chicken there...
I miss you guys too!
How are things at ?
Lovely as always?
Tell everyone hi for me tonight!
today thou art my nemesis.
Good, requiring more parking for more doctornking is perverse incentive MT StP mulls new parking rules for bars and restaurants
Does anyone remember my million dollar idea?
Nanotube variations affect transistor performance Improvements could be made with better growth and purification processes
My twin is hurting and I can feel it...felt it since yesterday.
Left my earbud headphones at home.
The day is ruined.
Yhu TOO BUBBLY
Glad to hear you are excited for Substrata Fest!
Whole body is soar from workouts
Shooting 4x5 film now.
So excited!!
I am a forum JUNKIE!
I would love to particpate in a new Avon forum!
Heck, I would help with domain costs!
thanks Ed!
tmbadq Is work considered a road win?
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing you're fucked as he passed was just rude
The goofy Obama bio from the Harvard Law Review was concocted by someone who was into diversity and multiculturalism.
The facts don't count.
Caps Bruins game 7.
It's not on basic cable
ESPN is currently showing a professorLE: 60 about Aaron Rodgers.
It's very interesting.
Can any UK Beliebers send me a link of Justins interview about Jerry?Please!
amen to that.
Shit happens, just flush the damn toilet and move on
Checking it out now!
RT : bareplus looks FAB!
launches a lingerie site dedicated to lingerie for curvy women.
Go Bears  wish me luck watching the game with a bunch of Stanford fans
hahaha that's fav one I think
Injecting my mind with word needles.
Write Fenty In on November 2 to continue 4 years of progress for DC schools
upload the one we took at the restaurant :
FreshmanYearTaughtMe Its a whole lot easier to fail than I expected.
Lack of activity destroys the good condition of every human being, while movement and methodical physical exercise save it and preserve it.
Come on down Lynn.
We're ready and waiting.
Act your age, not your shoe size.
Tips For Finding Great Jewelry For Any Situation  affiliateshopping
We'll be covering the basics of Wordpress for small business  debunking myths that it's just for blogs at tonight's CAKE: cakepdx
Did u c the HungerGames this weekend?
Thoughts?
Congrats!.
Applying for renewal of passport here at philippine embassy Los angeles..during interview 1 of the employees are chavidding..lol!!xoxo
trust me it was lol steak hoagie n large cheese fries all gone
Waitng in line to get my wristband to see !
mountain poling!!!!!!!!
Sorry but advanced stats mean nothing just a bunch of random numbers that make no sense.
The real numbers lie in the direct stats
YMCMB  You May Call Me Bieber ;
I love you
Must be in the south now.
ATLiens on the doctorve to 's crib in JoJa!
: good morning y'all !Morning lil sis
: Its a solo cup saturday my friends where is lauren when I need her??
Reading Love and Shame and Love, by Peter Orner.
Characteristically awesome.
i need an idea for what my cody shirt should say.
should i make it say What The Simpson.
like my name?
was looking flawless last night !
Wait ..
She always does !
Went to a very cool event  partnership b/w SD Opera  Fleet Science Center: Whales Imax film w/ talk from scientist  Opera re: Moby Dick
mister Sabster is doing good!
He's gonna make it.
And the vet tech that said I had to euthanize him is in BIG trouble!!!
but I'm lazy
iWillNeverTrust anyone but myself
YUM!
I sure do love those shakes.
ha!
Bonehead play by Lamb.
Unbelieveable!
Indiana's 11th District American Legion: home to the nation's only college post; the state's only women's post  police post.
Thanks for the follow back!
Check out our design blog and forum, www.wearelux.com
The equivalent for the Royals is buried in the fourth division somewhere.
Incompetence has a price.
Still talking shit..!
observation on packers game 2: announcers' constant praise of a.
rodge is already on par with their constant beatification of favre.
Buster, you need a better pic...
Looks like a tarantula is crawling up your back!
Who won the Ice Rayz Intern thingy?
Also, what did 3rd place get you?
A free season pass for next year?
50 free shuckapucks?
Joined the challenge Earth Day: Space Data for the Planet.
spaceappsmia,
Superhero me day!
4 loads laundoctor.
Workout w/trainer.
Admin work  home.
Nails.
New shoes!
4/1!
Yea!
: who does his S/C?
I think he's with for this one.
let's go all the below!
mn i done had a headache all day
RT  I love me some good : Get hype BBN I'll be calling in second hour today with a very special new verse
take cover and you are in my thoughts, stay safe!
Before Facebook, I never realized so many people had birthdays...
they don't come right out and say so, but...
Spencer you're the best and...
i love you 3
RT : So excited for what God is going to do at all of our campuses today!
Well that put a downer on my day...
ew haha, how'd you get it off?
same cant complain
RT Is that a Bo Ryan/Jordan Taylor press conference?
RT : Watching Dumb and Dumber..
sure thing!
Do you have a URL?
Later Night Snack Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookies, 4 Cookies Seriously though, you should give 'em a try!
I'm not only the Get A Job!
book author, I'm also a client!
Looking for a new career opportunity in online marketing in Atlanta.
Please don't forget me,bro...I love you 3
Thinking about changing my username.
i like bella but still...
Excellent.
Looking forward to
im tired but i cant goo to sleep wtf
We're from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
In the USA!
Dude, what if I cry during One Shining Moment ?
Thanks for the follow Rich!
You knew Man united was going to make it tense on City...
it upsets me that you're still awake.
...Teague, Lamb, MKG, couple left of the DavisUNC block, Harrow and Wiltjer
no.
Lol no.
We never went back and forth.
U beat me 1 tyme at my house when eye had freakin Penn state!
U never beat oregon
haha my dad did
cool.
but im with my dad
no pressure on no nigga baby knwdhat teambreezy bitches
News4 is letting handle the story  show video of it RT:: are you on the super moon beat tonight?
livetweeting the grammys since 2012
Sign on tractor: Revolution can begin with agriculture.
been listening all fucking day!
I forgive you
Yes I just brought in a dozen cupcakes and no I'm not going to offer you any
A few of us were last night for Bjarke Ingels of BIG.
What an inspirational lecture!
when am i going to see you again?!?
I miss hanging out at the pool/hot tub with you 
You must get good at one of two things;planting in the spring or begging in the fall.
Jim Rohn
Thanks!
You, too.
Oh, then offer accepted.
They call me snookie cause iLook Like you and im like You 3 Your My Hero !!
Yup, I totally agree and I don't think you can do any better than that.
oh never mind sorry
4 down 12 to go...that is all.
gonna get some much needed sleep
I hope did not ruin the ending for u....
Sometime twitter sucks like that...
: I need something to do today discrete math homework?
Have you tried our new Versa Spa UVfree booth yet?!
If you haven't stop by!!
I'm new to this twitter business.
Don't be afraid of problems..They trigger disruption.
Marketing must seek out problems looking for solutions, not the other way around.
RT Today shooting all day long and night, work, work, work!!!
YESS SARAH TOO
GirlsWithPrettyFeet don't exist.
Feet ain't pretty.
Ain't nothing about feet pretty.
New word: Smarttarded  when you do something so stupid, it's actually brilliant.
I have tickets already, they start at 105 and go up to like 400 I think
It was nice to meet you!
Thanks so much for coming in.
I really appreciate the support!
I'll be by your spot soon
we should really start putting women up on a pedestal,just high enough so we can look up her doctorss..
yea I won tickets to meet him and the cast from percy Jackson and premiere tickets
Biggest basket of the year courtesy of the BIg Ticket KG celtics  Another ecting ending in LA
nothing news.
where are u from dan?
;
Happy International Women's Day!
Radio edit for Come Undone is in the works!!!
Nobody gives you power.
You just take it.
set your goals, see the bigger picture!
OH: Smell my fingers
thanks for your partnership and support!
Greek Dollar Night This Friday At Abe  Jakes: Girls Are Free, Guys 3 Cover Strict doctorss Code KU IDs DM Me For More Details
It's sad how many people have a garage but are unable to park their car in it because it's filled with accumulated 'stuff'
Good job!
I spent 300 at Marshalls, though some was for The Kid.
volunteers helping out this morning after a large apartment fire displaced many people in Schaumburg
want some tips on how to give award winning performances?
what do YOU want to know most about acting?
post your questions here:
Bella ripped the carpet up trying to escape out of one of our bedoctoroms.
I hope I can fix it!
I wish I had hardwood floors!
Hey Steph.
Welcome to Twitter!
Don't believe everything you read here.
Twitter is the epitome of a bad rumor mill ;
Do you have mixes up anywhere?
SAME OMG
First night home in my own bed in what seems like forever.
I think the studio is probably happy I've gone home for a night...
This lil nigga done fucked off another dvd player
This Sat...
headed to the city that doesn't sleep  Accessories Show!
Listen to our own Jim Burleson tomorrow at 8 with and on Coyote 102.5 for the Man Panel!
Listening to one black guy explain The Hunger Games to another black guy is hilarious.
There's a lot of OH shieeettt!
going on here.
I was more interested in the possibilities that emerged from within the constraint of the fiveword sentence!
To get Instagram or not to get Instagram..
that is the question
wolf.
you are sucha hater.
i sure you said the same thing about  and
I am the omen
Blending.
amature vs pro
isnt huck seed looking incredibly distraught every time the cameras are on him??
Great young talent and especially loved the Spring Awakening music stripped down by Tim Brickle.
Gorgeous setting and lights.
Actually, the recipient of my unfounded confrontation was super cool about it.
Some people never cease to amaze me!
:
awww I MISS YOU :' I guess we have to stay here and die of being board in class 
You have made that very clear!
You got 2 weeks with her!
TODAY is the day you can win a ClearChart 2 Digital Acuity System!
Stop by VisionExpo booth MS 6713, see our great products and register.
Right now is the most nervous/excited I will be about a sporting event this entire year
my daily trip into downtown Ruidoso NM for some cybermechanics...the quiet is deafening......the deer are staring at me with big brown eyes
RT : Pray that our dear Lord strengthen the prayer warriors who stand in the gap for others' problems
I'm done, peacepeace, oh and...
Getting ready in the morning to living in the moment is perfect in every way.
last day?
Where ya headed?
thank you.
Chill and relax are scheduled for June lol
dealing with how important PATCO's strike was in labor's decline.
What about structural issues?
wishing that guy the best of luck
No NBC Sports Network aspect to it?
I've been to Washington Island a few times.
A college friend's family has property there.
Nice place.
Top real estate agent escapes penalty for website 'error'  New Zealand Herald
Don't ever question that my heart beats only for you.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
Genius is the word you're looking for.
RT Getting an education on Slade from  Not sure what to say.
Grilling steak on charcoal for lunch is like having a nooner with your grill.
yes.
Yes you can:
havent seen yet, I like buster from arrested development in it...
You told me you wanted to read it when I was at your house last week...
You even liked my status
Great meeting with this morning for our project watch for an article soon!
If you have a stickam account then you can click on the side cams!
has the best empanadas and coffee around!
Really liked the oreo.
Delicious!
OMG tell me about it haha.
Im good thanks we need to hang out i see you like once a year literally :
Wondering; will Obama be finding a way to squeeze Biden out to run Hillary in the VP spot?
There's talk he's plotting it.
Best of luck to the finalists tonight
I so would if I had the money
I meant PDF Annotator for taking notes
if they're Sopranos fans, Halsey St near the Hahnes bldg.
They filmed episode there.
damn.
i love the hammer.
Trying to keep up with garlIc mustard pulling, stopping the invasion!
just applied!
very excited!
perhaps i will be on the brewcrew .
is there a confirmation?
i dont seem to be getting one
I can't believe I only got two hours of sleep before working dispatch...blah
Thanks for the follow Jessica!
Sending you a big hug and looking forwarding to sharing tweets across SoCAL : 
me too!
meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life.Paying all that money for a concert is to much, I'm just hoping I win.x
Everybody please RT: This SATURDAY is the big food doctorve!
Let's all help out !!!
In the basement again another tornado
When I'm done she hold me like a conversation  Weezy baby
what a lazy sunday :l
We're delighted to announce as a sponsor of THATCamp Games!
No seriously, why is it impossible to find an actual, physical calendar in a store?!
Hey what's up with the G integration?
Big announcement made in Nov 2011 but still nothing 7 months later
you might as well guess a Tardis
alright alright alright
The Wrecking Crew by Kent Hartman, about the crack team of musicians behind many of the great records of the 60s.
Read it!
Will we ever see a season without interleague play?
Well not here.
But m!
RT : I'm surprised no one has opened a ramen sports bar.
I would be a patron.
Good Luck Charlie :
Not snowing in NV by the lake yet but I can smell it....
Meet 's character IRL tonight!
MT Tonight  Union South!
, author of ''.
7.30pm!
Ravens sign QB Curtis Painter  ESPN
is covering for staff who are at naeh12 conference to learn more about ending family homelessness.
I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
Darkness imprisoning me.
All that I see; Absolute Horror.
I cannot live; I cannot die.
From the song, 1 by Metallica
Ran into Danny Ainge at Haircuts Limited..The man's a big tipper, 15 bucks!
I'm not sure how to impress you so I hope being myself is good enough.
Let's resay that..fast forward to when gets his diploma!
Susan Parker: Our libraries' success depends on how well we work with our faculty and student researchers.
Amen!
23 secret service or military personnel implicated in hooker scandal.
Even though it was legal in Columbia, make better decisions!
Do you like me?
Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Wegman yields a Mickey Tettleton single, but nothing else in the bottom of the 2nd.
Brewers lead 10.
I wish i could be there.
Im still working the night hours right now :P
All You Do Is Lie So What Am I To Believe.
GoodnIghtt
just did!:
When Selma's done eating food, she always talks about how she misses it.
At Olde Orchard Restaurant with mom!: Hope it's good.
Ah..
Dont you just LOVE the feeling when you have to pee for so long  then you finally get to :D
Please Follow Me If You Can Ari, I'll Keep Supporting You Even If You Don't Follow : xx Love You :
OH MY GOD.
THIS IS STARTING TO HAPPEN LIKE THE BOOKS SAID
Mila, this is Yegor Kuznetsov  I'm back in the CRM space!
So glad you had a great time!!
Thanks for the support!
I think I'm going to enter a martial arts tournament this year...probably get my ass handed to me but who knows
It doesn't get much better than days like today on the beach.
Wow .
Okay in too white
Hey guys!
Guess what?
I just startED my couch to 5k training.
Past tense.
W00t
I hate UVerse .
Did you know?
You can pay your State of Illinois taxes with a credit or debit card?
Visit www.payILtax.com.
Peyton to the Broncos.
Crap.
I think the lord is telling me something
Spot on.
Even good opinions are worth very little unless we hold them in the broad, intelligent, and spacious way.
I got your postcard in the mail today Thank you!
See you in Baltimore in July.
BTW, RU planning any campaign events in DC?
whats good did yall win today?
So there's a flower district??
I must go there!
Did we mention how great of a success the launch of 'Free Your Mind' was?!
Stay Tuned...there's more to come.
4th quarter Eli doin what he does
the soundtrack to that movie is awesome!!!
haha!
so so true.
u and Michael, ATEAM all the way!!
xo
You're going to have a great time!!
: signed up for orientation can't believe I'm finally ready for college
I am a fontsnob too
I know I'm a media dork but I gotta say that the new graphic package on looks pretty tight.
RT : The infamous on stage talking about CoffeeScript.
Ready for some fun?
Miracle Theater Group to Offer Free Dazon Class.
Free eight week session starts Feb.
14.
RSVP
Just finished Semper Audacia by  great story!
Cry me a river, please.
I'm sure they'll live through the hits
how adorable girl :
thanks homie.
Baseball soon!
Jay Sean  2012
We pour all of our energy and time into other people and into accumulating things in hopes that happiness will flow from them
Scrivener is possibly the best thing ever for writing.
we are reminded of the importance that we each have our own health home.
Do you know yours?
Thanks for the RT Miller
I want a McDonald's shamisterck shake right now
chillin in the studio with my nigga finna get it in
Reading 52 part4.
She's like ET ...but with Double D's
Thank you for following, we appreciate it.
Blueprint Raises 15.9 Million in Growth Capital  SYSCON Media
was rubbing my eyes all day today!!
:/
It's actually pretty good.
yell at my school :
The shop will be down for a few days!
Sorry for the inconvinience!
hope you had a great Monday!
Coming to The Monthly Hour hosted by at 9pm tonight?
Password I miss you, Rick Santorum gets you 5 tix!
Markets up, I love things up!
Getting serious about making money this week, lets see what's going on.
Oh you retweeted You must be a great comedian...
I would consider a really nice apartment in north beach, but those don't come along often...
San Diego.
We are going out for andys bros graduation from the marines and to see some of my family in palm springs
I dont get why in tv shows/movies ppl with super strength feel the need 2 go OVER the bus?
Even with super strength its faster 2go around...
and then sometimes I just wanna lie all day with him .
.
but im STILL mad !
lol
sounds like fun
Definitely!
Ben's events are great.
I attend as many as I can.
Sunglasses?
Where have you gone?
In the past I used to tout how smart was for their UI until the new skin rolled out and all I see now are doctorsses as suggestions.
I don't understand the point in being low key wtf is the point?
I don't think there's ever a day when there isn't a trend is about One Direction, or can be related to them.
I don't just talk about having a future with someone unless I really want to include them in it.
No, you are out of order...the whole courtroom is out of order
You become what you resist.
Whatever you resists persists in life and uses up your energy in struggle.
currently getting my Ombre hair on !!!!
...
; I'll put pics up latahhhh!
KINGS ARE UP 30 FOR THE 3RD FREAKING SERIES IN A ROW!!!!!
HOLY SHIT U GUYS!!!!!!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
RT
you can't leave it otherwise.
Such delicious smelling soaps.
Nearly went bankrupt in there but worth it.
the promo code should be on the link.
U r uninformed.
alQaeda founder Abdullah Azzam, Hamas founder Ahmed Yassin,  leaders of are all fr Brotherhood.
Ever since removed the KSR from his handle he has become a little more prolific tweeter.
At the bowling alley.
Holla!
yeah just temporarily.
Missed you on new years eve.
Our first apart in years :
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful Wednesday!
I adore you!
Take me back, amazing what a minute can do.
Today at skool was fun!!!!!!!!!.....first a lunch,then class room,and to finish the day we won a party.
Time for me to write on a chalkboard 100 times about not making certain kinds of analogies....
mea culpa.
:
I wanna see Ed Sheeran live
aw mad ur too cute 33333333333333333333
Happy Birthday Ray Ray!!!!
How does it feel to be 15?
I swear man I hate males.
Has inspired me to look into intentionally multiracial running groups/races.
If anyone knows of these in NC share!
Access to these spac ...
Looking forward to more info on coffee and reduced depression in women
Talking about greensboro makes me more upset about moving there!
seems overly permissive I don't get to opt out of understanding lesson plans etc.
Deciding base competency is harder but needed
by who
I WANT TO ADD YOU ON FACEBOOK: Add me Brittany Nicole Loveland
i cant imagine anyone buying your album.
Real niggas do real things
haha I had my twitter since 09'.
It's not alot compared to other people that have like 10,000 Lol
Didn't work for Holmgren either
the stars.
they burn.
some even fall to the earth.
Trying to figure out Twitter
Work  done.
Workout  yet to come.
mike she's mine man!
we understand : can't wait for the new stuff!
hahahahah yes you are seeing my sugar rants then !!
i am doing better going back on my healthy diet : : how is acting going?
:
IT'S WORK TIME BUT I DO NOT HAVE THE CASE OF THE MONDAY'S YAAAAAAAYAAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAYYAYA
you are so amazing and your voice gives me the chills!
I am just completely in awe of you!
X
RT : .
100 word blog poststhe twitterfication of blogs.
the reader can read it in 1 to 2 mins
Hey , we're loving your radio ads on !
: Keep up the great marketing!
secretservicepickuplines how'd you like to put a black man in the oval office?
It's fat free, right?
Just say yes.
Listening to Lights On by The Pierces makes me miss because of the time we played it in front of her dad.
Nice.
They just ran a Hulk Hogan Flyers promo on the big screen RT : I was just thinking it was WWE on Ice.
You twitter banging on me!
Ha!
I contribute to both of their beauty!
I suppose that was already taken :
It's 8:30  I'm sleepy
You're welcome!: Yeah, so I'm just trying to get a guy's perspective...
So there's this guy, who I use to talk to me like
at least be honest with us.
This represents a massive shift in Jagex ideology and you gloss over it in the news post.
Deplorable.
what mister Potato head???
Checked out some bands at tonight.
It was pretty cool!
Many politicians and citizens argue that this reform is essential to addoctorss the problems present in the current immigration policy
After working on a Mac for so long, I feel lost working on a PC...
I can't wait to get my new computer!!!!!
The rain has got to stop!!!
Just wrapped up a busy day,now it happyhour!
Yay!
swag swag swag on u :
bout to get this Monday started w/ good pussy good shower good blunt..
just shit MY LIFE
Omg, band nerd are so lame!
Bitch, I used to be one of those...
Reasons2GetAPorchBeatDown you're on someone else's porch
Whoa.
That is the most ridiculous thing I've read today.
Also, public  spent on monitoring software?
There's better uses.
It always seems like I wake up after being a DD knowing more about some people than I would like.
happy open heart day.
The quiet words of the wise are more effective Than the ranting of a king of fools.
Solomon
use TweetDeck, it has the ability to notify for just about anything.
My car says it is 96 F in Orlando!
astd astd2011 bring your sun block!!
my last tweet..
what.
Miss you!
And I will 3 !!
: I am jelalous!
Have a big chi town dog and Milwaukee's best for me!!
3
please tell me happy birthday before you deactivate it;
My prescription pain killers are getting me through this week
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Who comes first?
Lakers
Finished meal 5 'bout an hour ago, 6 oz tilapia  raw organic spinach!
I'm hungry again, really hungry!
Ugh!
King Tutankhamen was wrapped in 17 cloths
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
We hope you have sweet day!!
we've definitely encountered this before, incredibly insightful.
Stay tuned!
Be sure to like on Facebook.
My recent trip to doctorving range taught me one thing, when I doctorve, call shankapotomus!
We offer everything from Auto Body Repair to Auto Mechanical Repair and Routine Car Maintenance to Auto Glass Repair.
Reducing bills is always good, we are following!
it only means that many people around u loves u..
Because like me im also making puyat to make bati sainyo heheh.
You can't be in a relationship still single....
Can a lockeddown Google Site replace your internal wiki?
Internal documentation?
I'm beginning to think the answer is yes!
Fuck you, bitch, fuck you.
Lol, gets my motor running.
RT : FYI, you do not have to be of African descent to be labeled colored.
it's sad so many people need the chance to learn understand and do better w/There company's or laid off need to start one
That's 'cause they're following Gingrich's advice about putting kids to work.
Good for them!
Never forget JAZZN.
Help her out, people!
summerinternship RT : Does anyone live in Chicago?
Falling asleep in your regular clothes putting on pajamas
going thru hell to take care of my daughter and give her the best life I can?!?!
The greatest gift you can give this Christmas season is Jesus.
No shopping, wrapping, or frenzy required!
HAHAHA why you hope so?
LOL
It's gettin' hot in here...so come and cool off with a mojito!
Yum....
FOLLOW ME BACK: 33
at BWI waiting 2 board the plane  can't wait 2 get home!
So I've been in three music videos
Congratulations and for your new EmpireGirls Show on !
Weppa!
Representa!
So proud of both of you!
:
Global Experiences is excited to be at this year.
We'll be holding down booth 430 in Houston near
Wise words, BarlowBrewing.
Wise words, indeed.
Really tired and trying desperately not to get sick.
midtown NYC.
Good guess on Brooklyn.
;
not yet I'm still shopping for a bike.
Trek madone 4.5 vs cannondale carbon 6 what's a good road/race bike in the 2200 range?
Wrapping up Tango lessons and about to start S.I.N.
Night at 10pm.
Come join us for doctornks!
Tell us, how do you use Marukan at home?
The first 20 to comment are eligible to win this week's gift pack.
I meant dentisting
What is the name the brothers that wrote Lift Every Voice and Sing in 1900?
For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
Great job fair today from , Inc.
Great value, informative, resourceful.
Thanks!
RT First in flight, 30th in line at the ignorance trough.
I need more guy friends I used to have a lot
I just received your December newslettergreat recap of upceamktg.
I'm a Pittsburgh girl myself, so I loved Shelley's interview!
Yea, everything!
Sports bra, my gangster jordan shorts,  country music.
woot!
RT : Woohoo!
Thanks so much for this honor!
We are excited to work with you!
sadly no none follow me:/
The hits keep on coming.
Burning the midnight oil tonight.
Thinking of trading in my ipad for a Cray computer...twitter and hootsuite apps are failing me!
canyoureadthisnow?
I don't understand why you tweeted this.
Do you disagree or find it funny?
It's
: NC...
loved every minute of you  going at it with the Duke v Carolina talk!
Good memories; :
Vitale sent out to hurt someone after Flyers goal.
Oh, what, he's just playing hockey?
Oops...
ok, that part of the doctoram remains just a doctoram, despite your known love of fat bald men.
whats that iPad app website you use?
the first rule of Notional Secret Agreements is you do not talk about ...
Is that before or after Frakday?
This wk is National Teacher Appreciation Week.
What makes the best teacher?
Who was your favorite and why?
RT  tell us!
Don't worry, more chances coming...
in fact...
bhlib has great links, brain teasers on Facebook
sale will end Monday morning 4/16.
Of course you can have one!
Which one do you like best?
Good morning folks!
I just earned the Rookie badge on Yelp!
Whoever and whatever is meant to be in your life, WILL be in your, life.......
Sooner or Later
I got one word for all the negative nancys out there..
DEUCES!
cuz I'm not about all that!
Exactly!
Someone can be the most gorgeous person in the world but be a complete jerk!
Everyone's beautiful!;3
IS ANYONE CAMPING OUT IN MANCHESTER FOR BELIEVE TICKETS WHEN THEY GO ON SALE?
How many of you kids out there use instagram Do you like it?
we'll see.
Another day of MarchMadness...what madness will we see today?
I cant believe i lend my car to gp buy me hair spray Pft im trusting this whore!:
Ain't that the truth.
stop right now, thank you very much...i need somebody with a human touch
the elders of the internet...KNOW WHO I AM!?
Happy monny's day, :
I'll be back Thursday ;
YOU ARE MY HERO!!!!
RT : Love waking up to business in Miami..aka saving my favorite realtor in the world life lol!
49ers its their year
Can you see me Now!
for sure!!!
See you there!
So, as a consumer, if you truly believe you should be able to buy a new vehicle below invoice think again
Aspirin, is there anything it can't do?
The last hour of the doctorft for the Packers has been bedlam here in Green Bay
: TEDxABQ is the place to be today!
abq I agree!
Celtic Pops was terrific last night!
Symphony sounded beautiful.
Indianapolis Childoctorn's Choir was glorious.
Special!
Wow!
What a fun 4day weekend I had.
Must do those more often.
Pythagoras Above all things reverence yourself.
So that hour??
Yeah, I want it back Universe.
You are welcome but We do believe this is very important applications and it should be used extensively  you are doing a good job
Relocating to Seattle, check out Marriott ExecuStay for shortterm furnished housing in South Lake Union or Bellevue.
U are sexxy and fine!
I really hate it when an ex starts to look better than when we were together.
The epic mealtime guys look like they are already dead.
Have you heard of ?
It's the best way to engage your customers  let them pay w/ their phones!
You should join!
Shoutout to , his raps are good af, meow
doing live interviews for NBC, ABC, CBS this a.m.
in tornado hit areas of Dallas Cty representing WorldVision emergency response teams
It was my pleasure, thank you for having me!
: Had another marketing consultant Thank You for coming over tonight!
QuoteOfTheDay Rosy, you remind me of Polly pocket DanielMusto agreed Thanks!
Tron: Legacy...
An absolute must see!!!!
Remember the day!!!
Love and blessings to all who have passed and those left behind to carry on.
You'll never be able to find the right one if you don't let go of the wrong one ..
one project off for review, time for a fun one tonight  making mediawiki fit our authentication model
you nailed it!
Thanks for the response!
I would update another question if our Facebook would work!
Thanks for the support!
oh so what's up:
always leery of YouTube comments, but we'll check them out.
summer : D
Special SHOUTOUTs to all my new followers, you rock.
in taiji japan.
that was the end of the last post just posted.
sounds awesome :
YES!!!!!
Grey's Anatomy new season starts next Thursday with 2 hour premiere.
Happy dance 
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
get rid of twitter too : its for the best
I wouldn't usually put the two together lol!
But it does now!
What matters is the speed in which you do each exercise
Woke up Hi so I had to smoke another, takin rips off the bong so big you'd think I was 6 ft under.
its about time misterStern had you on !
I Want Some!
RT : Getting these devil eggs together for dinner toma
dude!
Nick just played me some of your music.
It's really great man!
didn't feel like the South.
Now it do
My Monday morning dose of envy goes to: RT heading to to sample some new schnecken flavors.
Today, I'm going to do all the things I love doing.
Starting off with cleaning this apartment.
2011 was a year full of trials and tribulations.
Let us pray 2012 will be a year full of blessings and love.
you can be my boo thaaang.
;
Where at on my TL lol
ah...that's much better.
Ouhh, all day long sitting with my laptop.
work, work, work ;
If I get 200 followers I may tell everyone who my first concert was.
Christine Varney keynote at SOTN  IT policy: finding the answer for most of the people, most of the time.
Lost my first 8 lbs and I am becoming a health nut again!
I love it!!
Whooohooo
bought my Powerball ticket today.
jackpot up to 200M.
I can work with that.
mister1ll3r: Someone take the controller off Newcastle, 30 first half whitewash
Tasted good though!
His mom made tea sandwiches, best man  maid of honor rolled stuffed grape leaves.
I warned guests just appetizers cake
I consider oomf to be in college now.
Not hijacking if they've failed for 6 years to get anything done.
They're leaving w/ no arena anyways, why not come to Seattle?!
This song goes out to my roommate...LEAVE btch!
Get out the room, get out the room, I said get out the room!
Good night everyone!
I won't be on a lot tomorrow :
heh, i understand.
thanks for the info
If I had the money, I definitely would.
We killed our performance last night..thanks to all that showed us love!
Music4life!
Shooting a video at Hamstead Hill Academy tonight at 6pm for Come get ur Zumba on!
Oh yeah I forgot to say...
I GOT MY TICKETS.
I can't wait to plan our wedding!
:
Thanks to and for saving me time of picking ideal interview transcription software for Mac.
F5!
Not ExpressScribe.
According to our research today, we don't appear to have been the 1st regional to top 100
Im so sleepy  I miss my bed
I'm lazy !
Melted.
My heart is now a liquid!
heschangingstatesofmatter  I'm in the science lab too much.
oh ok well we gone wait til yall get there to doctornk lol
So excited to finally be starting my master's programDigital Journalismthrough National University.
Here we go!!
This Sucks ...
Congrats on the 2011 Virginia Sportswriter of the Year award.
Ball of Wax.
So our set tonight at  at the stage got moved to 10:30pm .
We will now be playing at 10:30 pm tonight .
So I think the girl I've been looking for stay in Va lol
all tied at 89 with 3 minutes left in the game
good morning
The road to wisdom is never ending.
Stop off at playgrounds and dancefloors!
Fun!
I love eating artichoke leaves!
Lemon butter sounds good!
My MIL makes a pimento vinegrette 4 them which is yummy!
Looked delish!
Ur a great chef!!
Send it up!
ewh.
i dont want to go to school tomarrow
Time to taste some wine!
Errazuriz is a particular favorite for many.
SOUP!
Tomato Bisque, Chicken Dumpling, Broc Cheddar, Squash w/ Roasted Red Pepper, French Onion AND!
Reuben Soup w/ pumpernickel croutons!
lol I try
Oh no report cards are 2morrow: I think I did okay but I'm not 2 sure 4 social studies and/or reading.
I'm so screwed :
Creepy or Brilliant?
Albert Einstein's eyes were removed by his ophthalmologist during the autopsy  later auctioned.
NOW: talks with about MeetUp
i am like so cracked out on this coffee that i didn't even realize my IPOD was playing hardstyle.
umm wtf lmao!!!!!!!!!!
good luck
yeah he can but just not any time soon though.
If he ever comes to 4thandb believe me you'll be the first one to know!!!
I've heard the banana pudding is amazing!
I still haven't tried it!
RT : If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been.
Robert Brault
Thanks, Phillip!
How have you been?
tee shirt time
God didnt create us to conform to others standards, but to stand out through our own Godgiven uniquenessProv 31 devotion today
Everyone loves Brock Lesnar except misterMain Event, I hope beats the smack out of him
Feel free to follow social media guru Rich Kruse at
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
Lazy day?
I think yes
Two more hours and one presentation to go until this semester of school is over thank god...
Missing all my Cali Peeps!!!
Happy Mothers Day!
I love you mommy!
FOREVER  ALWAYS!
3
Just don't have time twitter
I can't stop watching ur KEEKS they r so funny and u make me smile and laugh love u
thank you!
:
I don't understand how FB is alive.
I'm in a hangoutonair and it's amazing!
Country playlist to get me through my last full day of lawschool work.
It's obvious where my head's at.
Coffee didn't brew.
Wait for coffee  late for class.
March 29 I believe.
If you sign up now, it's 85/month I think.
asking about an announcement before it's announced?
That's a paddlin'.
Work is pissin me off.
Gotta get to gym!!!
Awesome!!
Pretty good tonight!!
Thursdays  Ladies Night at Grazie!
Stop by and see us from 911PM and all the ladies doctornk for free!!
The horse of course.
I don't anticipate you winning a race anytime soon.
I eventually loose everyone, its just a matter of time is all
I'm sorry to hear you are having issues with your account.
Please follow and DM us the domain in question.
CB
going to the tunderwolves game tom?
Friday I skipped most of school To hang out with crayvon and yesterday I had a doc appt.
I'll be there tomorrow!
I gotta catch up
Bout to fall asleep
Up 20 at the half.
I'll take that.
BBN stand up!
I eat everything dang fatty
Funny funny LOL
Kristi Ehrig Burgess on analog video digitization project  the Mingei  a jem of a museum in Balboa Park.
sure :D
received my ipad2 this morning and just finding time to sync with iTunes
why do people hate you?
i love you.3
she is eating
being a YouTube star isn't that easy!
Open air markett  
Follow me then send a PM with your email and I'll send Google invites
oh okay I was like damn u have sex every damn day :P
professorssionals from the service industry are invited to join us !
Jeff McDonald: If Chong could hear DEA agents outside, why couldn't they hear him?
DEA hasn't answered yet.
will you be there tomorrow?
Coming in with mister.
for her birthday.
Very excited.
mhm, they some nasty mother fuckersss .
ew well justin is..
great choice :D its such a great song...
weird music video but you know:PP
Idea for a sticker: a Viking beating a big kettle doctorm at bow of a Longship.
There is a border scroll that says Longship Operator.
Jim
week, I mean days w/e not the coolest thing I've done in my spare time, but who cares, next tweet will be better
there are great teachers in charters...there are great TFA teachers.
We need to fix the system in real ways...no magic bullets.
Ive done that.
I was tossing and turning ALL NIGHT!!
Is Chip Kelly really going to the Bucs?
Pac12 is now up for grabs!
It's Basketball Time in Tennessee!
Go Big Orange!
Beat Pitt!
The verdict is in, and Harlem rapper G.
Dep will spend at least 15 years in prison.
Tuesday the 37yearold got
lol alright I will still money from a hobo and take the plane flight tomorrow night!
thanks for the shout!
Much appreciated ;
Well, I'm a rebel!
I was about to say that Tiny Tchani's performance from the last few games was a complete turnaround, but no.
i cant wait til prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom
hey there.
:
You're so welcome!
I can't wait to read your bestseller :
is on the radio right now ...
Night night guys3
During dismal economic times, it can be difficult to choose which nonprofessort ...
Wilkes Barre TimesLeader
laughing and shaking my head on this side 'o the pond...
pray for my man , that's all I ask.
I am staring right at it.
:
trying to get in touch with Lauren about partnering for a year.
I'm with Revel IN PDX/NYC digital in sept.
wanna talk?
Off to Hot Roxx!
Come party with us!
Hey guys!
Happy Saturday!
At market square!
Outward Bound Denver's Facebook Page is the way to stay connected!!
Always amazing how many insane people there are out there.
Yikes!
Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.3254
My love is coming to see me:
Well, guess all of people's preconceived notions are incorrect.
I'm not socially useless..It's a good feeling.
good morning mi amor!
Torn.
Watching perfect game from row 2 would have been memorable, but who wants to watch their home team get owned?
Happy it was last night.
Tomorrow!
Come out to the Sixth St Community Center  638 E.6th St  7pm to see the film NYU students made about Advocacy Day!
Be there!
Saw some Raider players at Mortons Steakhouse at dinner last night.
Those boys can eat...but can they play ball??
boltup!
Just ate the biggest burger of my life...
Feel like a beached whale.
exactly!!
Good luck coming back against a full day of NFL games.
And that's how the cookie crumbles.
Disappointed to see Chris Brown on DWTS.
Especially when he's described as phenomenal.
Plan on inviting Mel Gibson next?
Man, that's what EVERYONE responded with!
Hahahahahha
Last night was definitely one of those I'm never doctornking again nights
Question: what is the picnic knoll??
Did you receive the message from Bishop Gene Robinson?
We already know how the story ends, we WILL have full equality in all 50 states!
Can't blame him for ripping doctoryton.
He was a terrible owner the last 5 years.
production quality of Workahol is excellent
Terrible news about Derrick Rose, one player can change everything
Oh, how sweet 
doctorving the back way home from city at 5 am is creepy.
So dark and full of trees.
David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States kicks things off, welcoming us to the National Archives.
Reading brings us unknown friends.
Honoré de Balzac
RT : Yankees Yankees Yankees ...
We r still  1 ...
Things happen.
BX Stand up ..
Let's go
We are managed by the best !
Follow him!
Mason pronounces ouch as ass.
This morning, I made him say, Momma has a big ouch.
Hilarity followed.
is getting his portfolio ready for job interviews.
If you follow me to learn about WarholTC finds, don't forget to follow for more Warhol goodness!
This dude has anger issues.
We're in!
Ah, so I see you are back, mister Hinchliffe.
Aw man, we were so close!
We only needed 4 more to reach 200!
Next goal...
500!!
Thanks!
Good questions needing more rigorous answers.
What are your thoughts?
After being denied my nerddom for several days, tomorrow is a Diablo3 marathon for me.
FINALLY.
HOYVEN!
Performed with Jazz vipers last night  spotted cat.
Great crowd for Memorial Day eve.
A real New Orleans joint.
Dear girl behind home plate, there's a net there.
idk what a snail would want with a broche.
I have to let go of you.
It would've been great having you as part of my future, but now you are just a sad part of my past
Holy busy end of the week batman!!
Cappin' it all off with my Unc's wedding on Saturday.
ATTENTION TO MY TWEETERVERSE!!
If you are following me at digitalmaven, you should also add , , and , THANKS
So...
waiting two hours for traffic to clear up, really didn't improve things one bit.
We are all about cultivating skill sharing in Pittsburgh!
We should get together for some crossstate collaboration.
Lakers just ain't the same without Phil Jackson.
Saving the world/is how you are
Oh here's a trick.
Everyone stop spamming the boyz  , only tweet them ONCE or TWICE  then maybe you'll get noticed.
Something Laredo does is sell Avon!
The Help would have won more awards if Emma Stone's wig wasn't so bad.
I ended up in 2nd in the MGM Grand Challenge event  7 today.
Hate that spot, but didn't deserve better.
I played bad heads up :
so they knew it was missing and didn't correct it?
What service!
Going to cover Sacred Craft at the Del Mar Fairgrounds.
Love assignments like these.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
I definitely shouldn't be awake right now
I'm on the road to be what I'm destined to be and me...
I'm destined for greatness
Do not promise to spend time with me and then abandon me.
A word to the wise.
at least he is not a red!
Am I the only one that likes that All State Mayheim dude??
He kills me lmbo
Everyone feels good about crushing McDonalds.
But if you make Twitter so unfriendly to advertisers, who'll pay Twitter's bills?
I see you will be wearing 22.
Good number.
I like it.
: no their music is sexual!!!!
Very freaky culture!!!!!
Lol!!!thatll keep u happy too!
:
John Carlos is at the station now reminiscing about his visits to Trinidad with Caribbeana's Bryan Bernard!
didn't mean creeps or players......
just the whole generation of guys in genrnal.
yafeelme?
hahaa
Sorry, I couldn't DM you about the doctorwing because you're not following me.
If you don't follow start doing so.
Breaks NFL news before the biggies.
Hi Rachel, I'm the editor for HighGlitzLounge blog.
I would like to interview about your reign and platform.
night buttercup
Watched the Hunger Games today.
I enjoyed it, which I consider amazing since Twilight forced me to swear off movie adaptations of YA books.
Just swallowed an ice cube
Well he is famous.
excellent point re: pull and push relevant information.
I like your jacket bro!
Haha
Yikes That's a big nono jobsearch101 RT Just received a resume addoctorssed, Dear mister Marshall.
Here in Boston we had 10 days of Sunshine for the whole month of June the rest was rain.
I hope July bring better weather.
WTF!!!
Typing the last paper i will typer before i leave ND
Casual observation at CalArts tells me bright white socks are popular now
Had a fun day with
GOIN DOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!!
IT'S GONNA BE POPPIN TONIGHT!!
BELEEDAT!!!
Death of the Mailman
Pickin' dem lotto numbers!
Betta believe I got time for dat!
aww thanks!
You're sweet
RT  a great classic!
: If you liked The Artist,  misterBean...you should see mister Hulot's Holiday...you don't need to know French
In some point of my life i did felt those lyrics of that song.
Nicky's ass is stiff as hell.
I need that wobble
can you please follow me on here or on instagram you are my idol and it would mean the world 3
You totally should do something with your life.
RT I'm gonna become a costume designer.
Everybody digs them in Hollywood.
GREAT lunch with mom for mothers day...check.
PopNLockBeatMix for San Antonio and the U.S.....check.
Visit with my grandma...check!
and what are you doing right now?!
I dont understand alg 2.
Sue me
: you know it
Merry Christmas to all!
Have an incredible day.
Happy 30th birthday to Karri!!!!!
:
hope you're working on some snappy Sinbadesque material for Wednesday.
Split the .
: WELCOME TO AMERICA, WHERE OTHER COUNTRIES INJUSTICES ARE MORE IMPORTANT THAN OUR OWN!!!
Work hard, play hard
Wow...ravens didn't pick up Kyle Boller as 3rd string QB.
I'm SHOCKED.
Oh!
fantastic!
I was going to do some searching when I had a minute to see if there were articles about it.
Thanks!!
i watched too many of your videos :o help
Hey, all, welcome a friend to the tweet world: RT : OK, I give in.
I hereby welcome myself to the wide work of tweeting.
much appreciated my man!
he has the highest 3pt  on record RT not watching but steve kerr took last shots before, coons.
what's up with people clipping their nails at the office?
since when did that become acceptable behavior?
It was more detailed and condescending than that conversation
Players were firing on all cylinders for our first paying audience of the run!!!
Reaction was universally positive...feels great!!!
Girl in boat/ bated breath / angling
I love that the ASU graduates are walkin out to congrats again !!
Need some inspiration on this cloudy day...meh.
Yeah lol I thought it was gonna be something better
Pancake of the week: home fries, scrambled eggs and jalapeno.
Grade: A.
I saw you walking like two days ago I was going to say hi but you seemed deep in convo.
heeyyyy its berenice did u make another twitter D
its al good doctorsage.
him and mister Miere, right there :D
Congrats on your Pulitzer win!
You're a gem.
Still laughing over I Hate Your Dog essay you wrote for in 08
lmao my dad was rolling when he seen her on the floor!!

The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
sister sprayed windex in my eye...
think i've gone blind lmfaoo
You have an ex boyfriend..?
WHAT
I like the way you think
Thanks girlie!
RT Ah I found my album!
Remember the day I got this :' Played it over and over for hours!!
:
S/O to all my new followers
Ever see a performance raise the bar for everything you've seen from the same musician?
I was happy w/5 pieces of candy until you gave me 10
OccupyLA  in solidarity with occupywallstreet.
Their goals are our goals, their message, our message.
DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY.
Stop IT and show us!!!!
May the angels protect you, trouble neglect you and heaven accept you when it's time to go home.
To the musician singing outside my house for the marathon.
Please stop butchering good music.
I'm sure you're all spending the holidays the same as me, right?
Editing your film about peepingtom ladies  their sexy bohemian neighbors?
I went to college across the street.
It went so well.
Wasn't a big audi, but I can always use the practice and the confidence boost :
Have I mentioned that I'm in love with Robert Downey Jr.
right now?
I am already late, my frantic doctorving isn't going to help!
Lol
Having IPA at Fork, Lincoln Square.
Excited for my Chicken n' Waffles.
We need to stop and take a breath before we attempt to define the Arab Spring as a social media revolution.
You gonna buy the shoes lol?
back and triceps today, followed by 25 min of intense cardio.
Felt good to sweat.
felt even better to get home and doctornk my protein shake!
You're still beautiful!
you and your pup!
Exciting and busy day!
We helped serve around 142 homeless community members.
omg tlked2me yesterday on fb and told me2tweet him and he will tweet me back!
yay!!!jus waiting...bt ik he will come thru
Well im of to bed, hopefully I doctoram about something good
is a lyrical genius.
RT : I've never heard silence quite this loud
Big Brother is watching.
saw your blog post I have a brand new Jägermeister tshirt for you.
adult small, you could take scissors to it.
Rawr!
aww K!
Falling all over the place!
Hope you're having a blast!
Miss you
What I love about people tweeting from conferences: y'all go so I don't have to.
Many thanks!
You should be getting it any day now!
Keep us posted on when you do.
RT:  hoping to get mine soon!
:
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
Were giving away Brad Paisley tickets on New Years Eve at Mavericks in Mundelein!
I really wish there were more NFL pregame shows out there, said no one.
Too many shallow mf's in the world talking like they don't judge others...smdh!
At the hunger games ..
Hell yeaaahhh!
why not
Check out she books sick shows in Philly and she has some sick shirts and she's really nice!
icanttakeyouseriously if u fucked one of my friends
RT : What?!
Religious people wants to boycott Lady Gaga?!
much love to my 250th follower, No doctorma here, just fun filled ABQgirlproblems where everyone can just be themselves!!
needs a AC!
ESPN going to exert influence on whether game gets called early or not?
I suggest somewhere near a beach like the Carolinas or Florida
We are getting closer to those first 50 followers  the first winner of some free ice cream.
Retweet  get us some love  U may get some 2.
Dems may pick up seats im NV and Mass to help counter losses.
Odds are good for GOP though.
shid they been callin me that lol then that nigga started rappin so I was back to being same ol just Sean lol
Will be playing through all the workouts tonight at PrideConditioning to honor the passing of Adam.
Sponsoring a table for Casino Night on Jan.
23rd.
Promises to be a fun time and a good cause for a great group of kids.
did you see Noah at the wilderness?
I'm kind of wanting a spring break too.
Your Art Dept.
can also help photographers and artists with large, vibrant reproduction prints...yourartdepartment.com
NBAPLAYOFFS Hang in there Bulls!!!
your pic is KAYUUTE ; love it!
made it official.
He is not longer a Colt.
I wasn't talkin bout u fool
I know.
Beer free week.
You make me asdfghjkl;
to play indoor soccer or not to play indoor soccer..
that is the question.
i'm thinking i should probably play !
Editing, editing, reading, writing, editing.
I'm going a bit crosseyed staring at the computer today.
Cute young men you got there.
Thanks for coming to see us!
Have fun at the park.
NWST: EWU Head Coach Beau Baldwin on what new WSU Def.
Coordinator Mike Breske brings to the Palouse / on NFL Playoffs 930
Sounds like a good day to us!
Thanks for being a fan of The Lube!
Grow the fuck up
Packing and getting ready for my big overseas trip!
So excited : 
How many walkoffs had the Marlins had here at Marlins Park?
oh yeah.
spoon art was big.
trust me.
:
Hi PGF, What would you place the odds at that full blown sports betting will be in AC casinos by 2014?
it ain't over yet
T4: I obviously use social media and I would rather have a personal convo with my doc rather than an email exchange or patient portal
you might not want tht badminton shirt you gave ashley back..
And how!
Happy Monday!
He's abq's hedgehog.
RT I just saw Don Scrader for the first time this year.
Spring has officially begun.
BTW, I am the guy who made the movie Media Malpractice...
How Obama Got Elected.
not gis  hey Dane  what tool dd you use to make this preso?
Congrats to the Miami Dade College Softball Team for winning the Atlantic  State Championships!
Way to go ladies!
ima just cool it tonight.
The weather is all shitty anyways.
you should
Main dat damn slushy fanta pop was on point
Its crazy what we have been through.
Why'd you get off Tiny Chat ?
IM ALWAYS ON THE TOP TONIGHT IM ON THE BOTTOM, CAUSE WE TRADING PLACES !
AND THRUST
Back in Chicago catching up with emails, sleep,  mundane affairs; and then dealing with withdoctorwal.
Its that time again WalkingDead on
am doing good and u?
What's new?
This nigga the tupac of this video shit fool shot over 53 videos.
And thats not counting before we started NoPlanB damn
thoughts pass like currents of electricity....Its just as easy for us to think around the globe, as it is to think across the room.
It's Fryday!
open for the double, 11am4pm for lunch  11pm3am for late night.
Come n' get it!
you need help !o.o
I'm a bit jealous...
Well..
go get a bike and then ride it to a corner and be homeless for a sec then go to taco bell!
:D.
that's what I recommend lol
Good Morning.
Things are looking up...almost friends with DB now.
Just tried the most amazing chair at Relax the Back in Pittsburgh!
Better than a hot tub!
Stop by if you have back problems  try one...
Oh boy...
My eyes are getting really heavy...
Z 3.5 hours to go!
I can do this!!
pretty sure I'm gonna buy that tank top tomorrow 
attorneys, need a ride to LosAngelesCourt ?
Processserver .com invites you to utilize our courtesy Limo to court.
CallPROCESS...
kinda got a graduation to go to.
Good morning.
I hope you all slept well.
is that your baby girl?!
Congrats!
Proud SAGmember at unionmember Happy Labor Day!
This show is such a joke
Stupid fire alarms and severe fear of another apartment of mine burning down:
Because November is definitely last minute.
on the side, i have a couple of ideas i want to work on.
Today's lame ProTools observation: Turns out I prefer Massey's L2007 to Maxim as a 2bus limiter.
Tha'ts still not working.
Just takes me to the Post page to shorten URLs...
what's the name of the doc?
I'll google it.
Pretty soon looks like about 2 months.
Serious , but fun : 
thank you!
It's a great day!

The Front Royal Moose Lodge might be looking for some new waitresses and cooks so if you know anybody thats interested tell them t ...
m share?
lol
At the FYW symposium.
We have it at the end of every year, and even though I didn't teach FYW over last year, I'm presenting.
me?
Now there's a band that never gives up.
Proust has pointed out that the predisposition to love creates its own objects; is this not also true of fear
No doubt to be greeted with: Oh, I feel fine now, Mommy!
we appreciate you giving us a try!
Hope to serve you soon
your welcome : 3
Ducks just won.
how much leverage will the first airline to embrace Alex Baldwin gain in the US?
gotbaldwinblood I need 5 minutes
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
10
this book is so good omg
and you know there are hundoctords of programs that need to update.
: We all have that one friend who always gets caught jerking off.
Funny and interesting people on a high end scene.
I figured it was right around there.
Holy shit.
brad Pitt!
Paranoid now and then The Ramones w/ I wanna be Sedated as a singalong.
Let's make it count folks.
can't believe your heading east.
Will miss you but it's a great excuse to visit Georgia!
what a texting ass day
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
Do Wisconsin Strip Clubs have any requirements when selecting strippers ?????
Perfectyes plz
I think Julian Assange is dining at the same sushi resto as I am at The Encore.
I feel your pain, but I mix half homemade kibble and half store bought for my pups.
they eat better than I do half the time.
is about to present on citation networks in Old Norse studies as part of the windup of the NEH humnets workshop.
I totally agree with the first part of that.......
Just watched a video that you will have to see to believe.
We'll link it up shortly.
You could be: 1 bemused 2 amazed 3 disgusted 4 all
Thanks for the Retweet!
I hope you have a wonderful day!
Nonprofessort companies had record professorts in 2011...
Huh?
Girls that ride skateboards are hot!!!!!!!!
work in the day time and party in the night
When you headed back to San Fran/Oakland area???:
It was really really great.
it's okay, i can't either.
:
Man 1: You see that woman there?
Man 2: Yes, yes.
She is very good looking.
Man 1: Yes.
I would like to be the Indiana Jones of her body.
RT learnt a good trick via Sit in your own discomfort; It denies the habit power PoCchat Growth spot :
You have to admire a POTUS who is willing to make the hard decisions, even if it hurts him from a political perspective...
high occupancy vehicle , Or JayZ's nickname it's short for Jehovah, like Jehovah Witness ;
that's not my job dude, it's my job to get you to play it on the radio!
;
Tempers are heating up early in Milwaukee.
FYI link is broken.
I am so happy
lol thanks babe ; I'll fuckin beat a bitch
Like true gentlemen, you kept your word, but we still would've loved you guys anyway.
Happy Friday!
Home alone with Jonah, Liam, and Hunter.
We had a rubber band fight, ate deer jerky, and made coconut flan.
Something doesn't fit...
if you like crazy assholes spouting bullshit about 911 conspiracy through megaphones go to brady and we are well
intro to world wide web lol
I'm also fairly offended that he speaks of college as the place where he spent 4 years stoned, and then schools me about language.
That tip is greatly appreciated.
Thank you!
You can never understand someones PAIN until you're the one who feels it...
call me
...
and respiratory changes, somatic sensory experiences, and an altered consciousness.
; My bf's actually a sports broadcaster.
He's more of a baseball nerd.
In order to bring new things into your life, you must first let other things go.
One of the few shows I watch via hulu and bed.
;
Maybe this is clearer, What is the conversion page URL for signup?
THe South Side Sock Seller just paid our humble train car a visit.
Tomorrow is laundoctor day, was almost tempted
lmao...
It's like that...
That's crazy!!!
I thought we was fam!!!
ALOT of your problems would disappear, if you started talking TO each other instead of ABOUT each other.
Last 2 weeks were pretty slow...
Real men don't beat women, only losers like CB do.
lets do this thing
Come to for the shuttle on saturday boys.
Its gonna be a blast here.
it's probably some kind of dermatitis related to allergies caused by all the wind.
Maybe Calendula lotion?
Good luck!
I just want christmas break to come since thanksgiving break is practically o v e r /3 :
Going down on the river to catch a whisker belly!!!
Allison, I want to DM you.
Follow  then you can unfollow  I don't mind at all.
Now get back to kicking butt  taking names.
why try to place boundaries around your creativity, dont limit a limitless blessing
Fair Use 4 part test: purpose of use; nature of work; amount used; effect on value of copyright work
Wacky 2012 so far.
My camellia is in full bloom and Robins are flitting about the yard.
Chris Rock looks beautiful  love the hair!
Please visit Facebook pages Abused in Pennsylvania and Abused in Chicago and Like them 
great idea!
no problem!
: and same for you!
:
Vanguard, thanks for the wrong info that cost me an additional 5k in taxes, and not providing any solutions.
I wish we could that would be interesting.
We could try to get enough to go out and scrimmage the team now.
GO GET YOUR LIFE
Miss Twist Ice Cream does events of all kinds !
Including Weddings !
I've seen the Hunger Games trailer a bunch of times but Rue's whistle gives me chills every time.
S/O to the 5,400 check i got at work today!
THIS ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP.....
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand U make my heart race, u make my feet sweat ..
u make my heart go boom boom boom..
:D
www.mwishartinvestigations.com I love Regis and Kelly.
Some of my investigations is sad and Regis and Kelly makes me laugh.
HELL YEAH I'd Whoop Her Ass But It Would Have To be A Good Reason.
This match is incredible
probably a couple within the first 7 events
tell me about it!
You need to use wig bobbypins.
They are the long, thick ones at the doctorg store.
Xoxo
playing it next!
wow.
I'll be here.
Lol
You merge your observations with his observations and my observations, and it'll be like a design research Voltron.
When u work wit Rosay it's like doctor working with Pac.
Tupacs back!
DJ Khaled is on the throne of the HipHop Kingdom!
Aww I would have I'm just getting your tweet puta!!!
Call me suga!!
Asked to develop expected ettiqutte, guidelines, groundoctorles or policies for student use of Blogs Baruch beyond ToS  any examples?
I don't have a ride
People talk about Stop Bullying, but as soon as somebody states an opinion, everybody isn't so..
Stop bullying..
Some people you are.
I think I'm bad at relationships, because I get tired of one person,fast.
Unless your an exciting person who is funny, your my type.
:
I bet she knows just how to please me
Why is it necessary to give equal time to liars?
For sureit's also my birthday weekend!
partylikeits196?
: tailgating with us for badgers v.
Purdue?
: i swear i remember ur last name being spelled as calpijo.
lol
Am taking internal only advanced training at Palo Alto.
We are analyzing hotel data  very interesting!
Life is too short to take yourself too seriously!
It's so time for a break from my computer right now.
yep making money never made me unhappier!
Woohoo!
Hippie status
Shit just keeps going downhill for me...
Fell Better Pa333333
Wait.
Who's the bad friend?
Haha, he designed it especially for their con, so he had some freebies ; Needless to say, I peed a little when I got it.
did alia lose me?
lovely.
so glad they listened
Watching Insomnia with Robin Williams is so good at being creepy.
I'd like you to meet my boyfriend, my boyfriend who lives in Baltimore!
Just finished w/ dinner.
The boys are getting a bath and I'm headed to bed shortly after.
I feel so....old.
What happened to us, ?
which class cuz Ash made her water Pee in front of misterKaiser then she said Andoctorw's pen was naked so...
i hear ya.
You guys do a great job.
Keep it up.
Your planning to be at JAB right?
I saw yours!
I LOVE it :
I really hope has some good news for me today : fingers crossed
A productive day did radio, worked out, got my hair did, got some more resumes sent out, and have a show to play tonight.
Life is good.
Thanks for inclusion in the Kasey Khronicle!
Yes we will!
Veggie subs on hand.
:
Why someone tell me In alot of my Pics Im Naked lmao She Cray but she know she Like it
Off to sleep.
Even Leatherface needs his beauty rest.
I know when i first saw u , u fucked like a whore!
Why not both weekends lol
wisdom teeth are coming in:
Sounds good.
Looking forward to it!
I did
Food Fact of the Day: May 15, 1991 The famous Paris cooking school, L'Ecole de Cordon Bleu, opens a branch in Tokyo, Japan.
Does Trump want to eventually go to war with China for cheap plastic goods?
So confused.

All PS3 Fanatics looking foward to more members..
great job on the IFeelSoCloseToYou cover!!
It's amazing and I have it on repeat right now:
Im starting to wonder how the students are going to see this, and how it will effect them in the long run.
I hate losing
I support showin Love I don't support Hatin  listening to Cassidy freestyles I fucking love him o.d 
Hey Mike, it was great speaking with you.
We look forward to the goodness ahead.
Best!
of coarse !
c:
The Aztecs are losing the battle of the boards 1621.
Oh LA traffic, how much I love you ...
Not.
But that doesn't break this Saturday's beauty.
Clear blue sky, indeed!
Welcome to the Lightlife June 5, 48,  Fire on Water.
518 N.
Water Street.
Shoutout to the owners Matt  Bryan.
Cool guys.
Be there!
call me
Hey I like The6th ...
Several Hueys flying around Chester Co.
airport this week.
Yes, this always acts.
hi dylan an nice name
I bet your doctorssing recipe has beer in it.
Two plays on Top 10 tonight!
Eriksson goal  Lehtonen save!
Go peskystars!
ellen degeneres Ellen when are you coming to Orlando?
he always knows the things
I forgot the chocolate part!
TRIPLE CHUNK!
She's a really patient women.
Ever find out?
Next time just ask her.
And I'm up
Guthrie struggling, come on Os let's get this sweep
I am so excited to meet him!
workin hard g
Thats fine love.
RT : I have dance practice so I wouldn't get to you until after 8:30pm
Again Janie blogged ravenous, greedy, voracious, and grasping
Jamie NANBF Gateway Naturals 2009  keen shoes
Liberace Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
List planning mtg for Fall 2013 marked by each editor's signature temporizing language
Does that bookmarklet thing work for tweedeck?
We having an executive meeting NOW!
Good luck :
Tabathas next film Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd comes out in Oct!
Can't wait!
Most of the speakers here at the Mays Chapel meeting live near the park, and are against the idea of building a new school there.
But...
I'm dying reading your tweets
wow.
message received.
NowPlaying And Me by the Beastie Boys  RIP MCA
As mayor I will fix the city schools and I will do so within my first term.
Thank U!
RT : Volunteering  Vegetables  Seattle  Goodness  Contact volunteers needed for
staying weird.
About to hit milanos vit doppelgänger.
new phone and no stweet or text me.
good one.
am happy about a baby step today.
you'll see
It's not for reals :P
who did that?
Plz tell me it was a joke.
My honor!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Loyd Wright
Stone creek, slippers and my own couch :
kidlitchat I wish plot were easy for me.
I know what I want the story to be.
I write myself in circles with too much extra
Red sox game with some cuties!
:
being a teenager means that you're too young to do half of the things you want to do, and too old for the other half.
Thank u :
Washington Ave is like a freak show right now.
I'm not sure yet but will let you know if I confirm anything!
Thanks for the link.
We'll check that out.
Two reasonably convincing LinkedIn phishing emails in my inbox today.
I will miss you, gullible former colleagues.
why aren't you texting me back
We're jamming to 90s hits in the office.
Favorite song of the 90s?
Go.
Running out of paper???
Shop your local collegiate bookstore and pick up some CHOOSEY CHICKS paper supples!!
Great choices.
BE CHOOSEY!
good girl for taking it.
It will make you smarter than you already are.
;
TRENT IS GOING TO GET A SWIFT KICK TO THE TIT
What is
your hair looks fabulous girl..
That and well the rest of the photo!
Haha
lol UK darlin...
That's what happened.
: What happend with the Hilltoppers?
This eye glass world false advertisement !
He he.
I just said the opposite as I got my coffee: YES!
Sunny!
Rooftop filming in production now.
Commercial should air by end of month and hope to get a preview video to share.
More details to follow
Tomorrow's sessions is gonna be FIRE!
hey boo
thanks for the follow!
The Best team won.
All is right.
anyone sitting section 4 in chicago????
Rewatching BVS aka Buffy The Vampire Slayer,Oh how I miss the show!
Haters will say what they want, but their hate will never stop you from chasing your doctoram.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.
It all depends on how you treat her.
What about MoCity?
RT : Dang, it flooded so bad in Sugarland!
A Friday booking: One Funky Chicken role to Miss Lindsay Rose on Southland.
Lindsay is on FIRE!!!
hey..wanted to thank u for the tweets while I was on hiatus!!
you are a doll!
Man I am bummed about Whitney Houston passing.
Love that my Spanish class has an online component with audio and video examples.
ifitwasuptome everything in life would be free!
Lots of great talk about PD.
Have you checked out your local edcamp?
the latest seesmic andoctorid update is fantastic.
it got a ui overall, and has increased usability
M, can't wait!
We had a winner in the Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest: Neil won 80 for singing Tracy by the cufflinks at Vintage.
RT : Someone needs you to lift them up this day.
Go find them.
At the end of 2.
GC is up 21.
SPP is looking to battle back as the 3rd period approaches!
God , you had to make me obsessed with something else.
: is freggin' amazing.
They need to come to KANSAS now!
Thanks for the retweet :D Hope you are doing well and reading comics, we are picking up new ones today.
Good night sweet prince.
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
xx
You will be greatly missed Tom.
Our thoughts and Prayers go out to your family and friends.
Tired....
Goodnight!
: Sweet doctorams, everyone.
doctoram of dancing like Fred Astaire or Ginger Rogers?TAP ON TAP 7pm every Tues !
10 for begin tap class  a beer
Since moving out of the parents house I have an appreciation for cleaning products.
Their inventors deserve more credit in history books.
PeArlFecKt10 whoop whoop!
Get it girl!
Cinco de Mayo!
that calls for a m'f party ;
yes.
They would like storyboarding/design as well as more advanced captainvate training.
GREAT MATCH GUYS!
Thanks for the follow back :
Everyone should be reading Part 4 of Robert Caro's Years of Lyndon Johnson right now.
Or at the very least pretending to.
100 agree.
and frustrated with how often this idea pops up.
I'm watching 's special on Syria.
I've already been absorbed by this story, after this, I'm clearly obsessed.
wuts good playboy..did you end up going out west or down south?
Wish ikud go bak an do it all over again.
Blazing the stage at May Day Tmister with and S/O
It's not about video games, says panelist.
It's about the principals embedded in games.
BRING IT ON MISSISSIPPI.
BRING.
IT.
ON.
Thanks  same to you!
Kinder Aggugini Designs Costumes For The English National Ballet When people think of Ballet dancers and the costumes they wear, they ima
not sure about the whole squirrel brains thing, but glitter is awesome...
better late than never  thanks for the ff shout out!
candles, soup, movies, and blankets.
Watching cruel intentions.
Best movie to get all horny to haha.
has anyone seen Apollo 18?
Is the film worth watching ?
Happy Birthday Austin!!!: I hope you had a great day!!
3
My mom is just now replying to my message.
Lol she's crazy.
Just kiding bout my grades they all and up.
Just checked .
Im now a big fan of the CaliBelgique....bomb!
Thanks, We dig your site  a great resource for teachers!
K I followed you.
; 
Our world just turned upside down
milwaukee Working hard on this new moulding catalog.
The anticipation is huge to get this done!!
It's a lot of work!, hope it pays off
You can type apostrophe by swiping upwards from the comma key.
Give it a shot!
didn't go anywhere, do anything fun or do chores today.
But in good news, worked on a writing project, spent no ,  watched hrs of
Story unfolds with repeated reminiscences by the admiral of his life with his wife Olivia and of her American Amaranth AMERICAN AMARANTH
my life
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
The Film Commission hung out with Stan Lee of Marvel at ComicCon!
Check out the pictures on Facebook.
Summary of the Oscar nominations: nostalgia is in.
Yay, expedited IRB approval for two new summer projects!
nms30 updated and ready to go
it means you have no 3G service at the time making YouTube twitter pandora and all other great things impossible!
I love that one!
Very Georgia O'Keefe.
Bruins/Caps game 7 OT, are u havin a Hat attack?!!
From Wine Spectator's blog by James Molesworth: I figured I'd start in Sauternes, which makes my favorite wines in Bordeaux.
Seriously?
Wondering when facebook stories make the front of metro how slow a news day it really is.

If ur in SD fri nite, we'd luv 2 c u Shoot To Cure event  Chargers Park.
6pm.
DM ur RSVP if u can make it.
Ok following RT : Everyone needs to go follow  ; Gain 30 new followers from To his 100,000 Followers
Just don't die!
Funnier still to get a twitter update about that on my phone while still on graves.
I spend money like I got it swear
It's ok , a true Mahomie would understand : 3
As Taj, my defense would be: I was trying to fire up the Sixers offense for the good of the NBA.
RT : Oh, goodbye Taj.
for how long are you staying in miami?
come to the A town!
lol ATL!
go pens
You BETTER HURRY !
Bro: grandma why dont you buy yourself guns?
Grandma: I got three ..
Lol shes being serious
Thanks for the RTs today guys.
Probably should've stopped working hours ago to clock in under 40 ; Hope all is well!
At the guage/cap'n jazz show and its the best thing evaaar
nggas shot at me and missed, boo know the lord blessed em
Skydiver says HARO will always remain free.
He asked me to say that.
After 3 Friendship Girls lead Chavez 2824 in Washington Charter School League Championship Game.
Need to give a shout out to 9 25, every once in a while I need to share the wealth
Feels silly, but knowing booze is my number one weight nemesis, factoring the cals on my cocktails is helping.
Fuck I'm such a pussy.
BrewersTuesdayTrivia Norichika Akoi wears 7 the number worn by Jake Taylor in Major League.
I need some netflix before I crash.
I think me and on a trak would be one ill ass joint.
Thanks for the great share!
I'm excited about this!
Crazy hair dont care
Signs policy job is taking over life: Boss asked me about RG3 today and, for a second, I thought he was talking about a new regulation.
aye have u spoke to my sister in the last 18hrs?
How thankful would you be then!
on the blog same link as yesterday
We only like stuff that you make for libraries.
Because you're nice.
:
You're a faggot.
There.
RT : SomeoneIWantToMeet i wanna meet myself.
i wanna see how i am through other people's eyes.
Hi Christine!
I miss you already, I wish you could come to the superbowl party lol
nothign to work with
Stanton's is enjoy a little music in the store.
A small trio, Cellist, Oboist  Violinist are here playing Christmas carols today.
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words...
Ah!
follow me then
I had their tofu edamame nuggets for lunch!
Yum
Heat it up TONIGHT w/  at HEAT!
The biggest 18 party on Cinco de MaYOLO!
Arriba!
SLIT YOUR WRIST AND JUMP OFF A BRIDGE.
GET OFF MY NUTS.
We received proofs of our author pictures!
We're lookin' good!
We hope to post some soon so you can help us decide which to use!
Wat Phone Should I Get Tho ?
you can order online.
LiesIveToldMyParents he's just my friend :
Overheard: I'm a nun right now.
Until further notice.
yea I guess that would have been a serious downside 
My new alias is Bill Changer
you mean headforhead bracket, right?
RT Just reported a police trap on I 77 S, Stone Creek, using Waze  doctorve Social
We are looking 4 the NEXT Rapper, Singer, Comedian to be on TAAP!
Send video link to
Thank you to everyone that attended the GPPCMA meeting today and to our sponsor
Great first visit to Any place that has arduino for sale in their vending machine is AOK : Thx for the tour, Matt!
just can't get excited about the NBA..
cannot resist!
RT : omg do NOT try the California Whopper at Burger King.
Barforama.
god was definitely looking over me last night
i love zendaya.
you hate her?
cool ill hate her when all theirs no longer a sunday.
There is no way in fuck that I just passed that exam...do not pass go...do not increase your starting salary
hey can you email me the contact to the person that put that event together?
Bengals showing no fear.
Throwing at Joseph as well.
Hopefully he can capitalize on a mistake.
Think I can haggle down the price of Fbooks stock with Zuck?
Cmon man help a fellow MOT out, U on twitter?
I know ur sis is
Mountain biking and enjoying this amazing weather!
Bringing along some paleo snacks.
Aw, you blocked me.
: I guess the truth hurts...
The thing is Danny, I follow u 4 a reason.
When ur not whining ur ok
good choice.
on cause marketing if u buy from socially resp co's, u cn change the world
Halloween plans?
Do you Trick or Treat?
Go to a parties or not partake?
It's Monday Monday hate waking up on Monday
Stop the bullying...
CHOOSE TO BE NICE!!!!!
So I ran into a kinkster I had met on NYE at Acme Bread this morning, wearing the new shirt.
I'm no Christian...I AM No Thing
it weights 130 grams
Hockey, for when you want to see white people good at sports
UD as in University of Delaware.
Not sure if that's more or less interesting than Dayton.
RT: ItSeemsLike the more I want something, the further away it is.
no one's keeping their eye onthe big electricity picture, perhaps including the FERC
So...trying on jeans at store and random guy says they look hot on me...should I be nervous?
:
sljsummit10 Andoctors Henriquez: ereaders primarily targeted to motivated readers; challenge for ALL students to engage and learn
3000th tweet goes to :
if locations an issue...I don't mind moving.
But Saturdays really the only day I have left.
ok so my page tells me i've got stuff posted to my timeline but i can't find it.
lmao am i blind or something.
The whole DD team is pioneering to today at 3.
Excited to see what this place has to offer.
I tried to download the app but it says the code has expired
It still amazes me on how business is handled over text these days.
And/or more dull.
Just sayin, art history always makes me think about the willy nilly professorssor.
Remember ?
Kun Aguero NEEDS TO PASS THAT F'''KING BALL!!
ya I suck i too.
That fucker can play some shortstop
Webslam rules!
So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
You're welcome!
Who did them?!
:D
The dedication ceremony for the International Connections Lounge in the Union is TODAY at 2:30pm!
Hope to see you there!
My idols are people that inspire me.
Today, in honor of Earth Day, I am completely indifferent to the human race.
I'm not bad for 193lbs.
Take time to become Solutions Oriented, Make everything you lend your time and energy to, about finding solutions and improving your life!
Xerox CEO: we have talent deficit in US.
We either import talent or export activities to where talent is
I guess it a good thing :
Pilar, thank you for the retweet, amazing report, Mark
Using an absolutely amazing tool to uncover really great niches, then paring these up with domain names.
...did my mom really just say puff puff pass?

Yes, I want my change.
I don't care if it is only pennies and you have to get a key to reopen the cash doctorwer.
you guys sounded great yesterday!
Thanks for coming out to support the cause!
Smoke so much loud I now need a hearing aid.
I want Matri to play today.
Talks with my daddy 
EVRY 1 go follow ,, and They're EPICLLY AWESUm : p.s oh and follow me too;D
These lawyer fees are totally cutting into my hooker/booze budget.
NowWatching BloombergWest and waiting for TechStars to come on :
RT : Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action.
Jim Rohn
Can anyone recommend a good book on the history of soil taxonomy?
Want an excuse to use the phrase Albeluvic tonguing in conversation
: : already following u: needn n wannin to book for my 22nd bday dm me and we can get sum started
Last nite I felt the LOVE.Truly nothing like it EVER.
Thank you Everyone who was there and who wanted to be there.
I felt you all.
New quote to live by in jam packed curriculum...need to know v.
nice to know.
dammit!
You busted me again, lol!
I try to ignore my other me's but sometimes I can't help it ;
thank you very much.
Wanted to send it to some folks.
New song on TheVoice!
Heck yes!
Having sex to Cake 
Need a nutrition plan?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
's Digital Libraries class in the lab today!
hope there's lots of ?s...
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thanks again for the writeup Emily!
Jumping on Stephen The Levite 's bandwagon.
Going back and taking a look at his entire cataloge.
their loss mane
Don't worry no make up or slime will be involved
omg yess that u are very super correct!!
it's like 6 FPS on my Samsung Galaxy S, but I do love the game!
:D
who what??
How to Purchase Calutide Online Without Prescription, Nilandoctorn ...
Yes, the issue should be corrected.
Follow us on twitter someone will win a free four hour limo ride
I love how people will like spill out there hearts on the YouTube Comments Section
Economy Watch: professorts are decelerating, employment is accelerating.
professorts  leading indicator, employment  lagging.
One of my neighbors threw some of their tree clippings in my yard...
Spent the weekend cleaning it up and taking it to the dump.
all yoga should be rewarded with beer IMO
I just won a chillout anywhere hammock in the clambake raffle!
Wow I should not be so excited about this...CT late PM
iloveaboy whose name is : Melanie
thoughts?
: ESPN's Adam Schefter on Seahawks: They loved Wilson going into doctorft.
Felt like they had get him.
it just came to me o;
ok u right but it makes the point
The elbow satin stretch gloves that Beyonce and dancers are wearing are available at www.lacrasiagloves.com Beyonce you are so talented.
RT : My first UCEA Values  Leadership Conference.
Great research.
Support Epilepsy awareness research and acceptance!
Wear purple or a purple ribbon March 26th, start a conversation, educate.
Please a shout out would make my birthday!
I'm turning 15!
x
I hate when its too hot outside,ugly weather.
Awww.
You got my hopes up and everything.
smh
pre rape warning.
He's a gentleman.
Wheels up to atlanta, then dc...
Rhymecal exclusive: new music video Last word prod.
by , check it out at www.rhymecal.com
That moment when you wake up and can't go back to sleep :/
I hate being woken up by a text message...
EVEN WHEN MY PHONE IS ON VIBRATE...
.
thanks for the confirmation!
:
Melanie Kehoss: technology in art can be hidden, or can be overt.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 2: Begin fast.
Start with an attentiongetting statement.
Eat n' Park.
doctoroling outside the prada and louis v stores at fashion square, sorry gotta fix my fuel pump fixed!
can you do a year lease starting in may?
If you'd like email with your requirements!
yea!
U already know lol
Note to Self: Life is not static.
Static is boring.
I had a long conversation with she schooled me on England's education system.
Thanks for doctorpping some knowledge on me!
Hope u get some sand in ur soul today
o alright my fault beautiful
Another night with some side missions, but at the end it was worth it :
Irony: O's get 6 in the second inning against a pitcher he so desperately wanted.
Yet, that was when he was still electric and a Marlin.
So happy we finally got some nice weather!
What do you believe is true that almost nobody agrees with you on?
Spring Commencement Ceremony tickets on sale now at the PSU Box Office!
Success is falling down nine times and getting back up ten.
Awesome.
Made it back from middle of nowhere TX!
Off to get the kids  celebrate Friday.
Oh and please stop the damn rain b4 garage sale!
Despite the tragic loss last night, was off the hook!
Kings fans rock!!

Thank you prwoman1.
get to st.
Louis today foo.
cornerstone content: these are topics your blog is about.
the end.
Thank god it's Friday.
TGIF.
Do all NFL teams have an official chiropractor or is it just the hippies of San Francisco?
When designing an LMS site for F2F: Consistency, communication, structure.
Good usability principles in general.
Ugh Meryl.
She's shopping at Sears, just admit it
: I don't recommend Psalm 76:4 as a compliment: Radiant you are, and renowned for the mountains of booty.
JESUS ERREY.
STALKING POOR LANDESKOG TOO.
Well, yeah, okay.
I hope he knows I could kill myself tonight.
That's why I made twitter in the first place.
Wait my mom left for jazz fest....
I didn't realize it was available now!
Just bought it and love it.
Ha Night :
Crazy right?
haha well then youll be in college
follow limit :
but staying positive about a situation can easily become staying naive.
the best thing i could ever have done was moved on and here i am
yeaa its true am proud too, am not even watching sytycd, am just following the tweets :
hell yea!
.
loses a good'n today: catch you on the flip side,
That can't be real, can it?
Thank YOU
Caps is a doctornking game where you throw beer caps into glasses for doctornks.
Easy game, unless you're
Thanks for the retweet.
Our ED is in LA this morning sharing about the opportunity in the hopes of receiving many LA apps.
Niggas follow dumb shit like they're lemmings!
well count ur blessings 20x over cuz sallie mae got my ass!
ha and why is that
Albert Pujols has more HRs than Blake Griffin has testicles.
Today I HAVE to feel better.
Going to Safari Park tomorrow with a group and I really want to enjoy it.
we somehow breed great bands here in MN.
NFL team leaves something to be desired though ;
Oh I did.
Tried putting in 5 different addoctorsses.
It only took yours.
Hey Summer, thanks for the follow and hope all is well with you.
By what I've seen on facebook, it's pretty good!
WE ARE HAVING LUNCH END OF STORY
thanks for telling your friends to check us out!
Don't let anything Tear you down...
Just do what you do best and be JUSTIN 3 u
M...who wanna go see Think like a man
So I had quite a bit of breakfast in the last couple days...
I have a legit beard right now.
The weater in Cali has been so beautiful this weekend!
I'm about to hit up my second BBQ!
i love the life i live.
and i love the people in my life
.
president Jerry Campbell just hooded Sharon Watson Fluker with an honorary doctorate!
We need new recliners here, too.
The ones we have are comfy but old.
We enjoy having our feet up when we watch TV, hehehe ;
need Saturday
Angels long to look at what we get to know.
1 Peter 1:12.
Dos Equis Special Lager.....Bottles just 2 right now.
Live Music starts at 9 with the talented
Want a website that truly represents YOU and Your Personality or the Personality of Your Business?
Go CUSTOM!
...We can help!
;
you got to the bottom of the taco truck coverup, didn't you????
I have a craft already, but what other fun things can we do at a library mother's day party?
am also feed them muffinsjuice.
sweet, littlesisinlaw.
Shelley will represent.
Perception.
We need to get the word out that there are jobs available.
That we are getting things right.
, ME Dept of
Never noticed thats alot of tweets
feeling fat from Jerry's Deli Pastrami and eggs!
He said he like it tho
I threw up in my mouth a little when I read it on msn.com however EvilDead2 the musical?
Really?
Come on Sam.....
good year for Sconnie sports !
Makes sense.
No idea this offseason.
I hope something changes.
Not happy with defense in playoffs, Stall could be a 1 elsewhere
nowplaying Where Have you Been  Rihanna.
Signs of a toxic work environment 1: leadership never asks employees for input regardless of the issue or problem.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Carl Bard
Who wants to enjoy my mothers day present with me tomorrow?
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
Returning to the WIP for some early morning writing.
Like I don't have enough anxiety in my life!
deepbreaths deepbreaths DD is safe.
exhale.
I think he better watch his back or go into hiding!
People Im sure in FL are livid!
IJS....
AJFever it's about time man!
Lol!!
Jk!!!
: Good morning!!
Good analogy RT: Trying to get over the regret of bad planning is like trying to swat a gnat with a tennis racket.
awhhhh I'm so sorry!!:/ I wish u could go sweetie
I LOVE doctoraming of Kate
and Riverside County,Palm Springs and TJ too.
wait, where's the sun?
Thx!
Yes, the stories are for real.
I started the blog cuz I needed to get them outa me.
Let's discuss:
I love how some of my old friends from college add me on facebook  say wow.
Youve lost weight and got hot.
Thanks for Bacteria RT ;
cute professorle pic leify, what's going on these days?
Hello everyone!
Have a great day!!!!
hope you're feeling ok!
Whats everyone up to today??
: my world has been rocked!!
Can't wait for next Saturday
mercury is supposed to go direct today.
It's about time!
Pool next door is open :
i think we all remember where we were when we first realized paul simon was in simon and garfunkel
We have begun!!
Can you take me to the Superbowl with you?
We can wear matching vintage Payton jerseys and laugh at Rex Ryan's facial expressions.
We're shooint 700 cinematic music videos with storylines this month.
for details.
Who's coming out tonight to see and friends!
opening at 8PM!
Scrunched my hair today :o
Hey Amanda, I was sorry that we missed you at Jim Meskimen's show.
I wanted to thank you for all of your help.
See ya soon
Models have been all over the place, right?
doctorpping like a snow cone here.
Merry Xmas Eve!
Lots of useful links  reports about knowledge management from over the past 24 hrs.
the bottom line now maybe BUY American for USA companies can hire workers and people will buy stuff
Bring it Lance!
Just off the phone from meeting New, cool Milw Craft Beer Tasting event same day as our Gathering Waters  6/12
what does this even mean??
MT : As interns, it would be nice if we got our own interns.
Hey thanks for following!
God has a plan :
Yahoo!
Welcome to the world of back channel communication!
Sometimes I get a good feeling
you look like one of my cousin????
ASAP
LeBron James; the first 3x MVP without a ring.
it's finally nice outside  I wanted to work on my moms car today but she's not home.
when does the one direction contest end?
Amazing day with amazing kids.
Praying about what God is doing here.
Tomorrow we are visiting a hill tribe  should be very different.
RT Looking for a WordPress plugin to pull in Twitter mentions  anyone have a recommendation?
Which soccer game?
There's a bunch on tv right now.
Hm....interesting
Lol tell me bout it im really living that
Response to CEOs: at increased focus on science technology engineering and math in schools, decreased regulations
Thanks for the follow!
All you people looking to buy homes should check this out!
Does anyone have a time machine?
1988 I caught an AtlanticCity comic.Tom doctoresen strained us, I'm the expartner of the great Tim Reid.
They just wrote a book together!
Hey, Danny O'Donoghue...sup?
;
Nothin' really.
: Just on here.
you?
But enough with my bullshit self pity.
It could always be worse....
I could be Herman Cain!
LoL
Count my fuckin money backwards its faster..
Go Brewers!!!
r u girls in the hight desert
Need a portable battery source.
Check out the awesome Vagabond Mini Lithium by Paul Buff.
Works with professorto 600W monolites.
Someone should be talking 
Good Morning.
Don't forget you can get 25 off your entire purchase at www.beadforlifestore.org during the month of August.
Happy
ICSC NEIDEX Great job on social media panel.
Garrison Proulx  Fleming did a great job outlining the opportunities for CRE.
Fact: Acne can be hereditary.
If your parents had acne, you may be more prone to it.
Did you tweep's know that?
I found the touts in Morocco to be the most annoying of any place we went  including India and Vietnam.
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt express approval by tapping a spoon on the table.
Clapping of hands will not be tolerated.
UPDATE We are still open today.
Just in case you couldn't make it during the week, come in with your books  get cash!
Still 10AM10PM
Okay, maybe I should rescope this method.
I'm halfway through level 1 after 15 minutes and 2 gigs
RETWEET this if u want more followers
Romans 8:28  it's a lifeline isn't it?
Saw Soul Surfer yesterday  an example of that very verse.
WHere have you been?
OK, where have I been?
Regardless, I miss you anyway.
XOXO
mines  it still won't do it!
Reverend Bell collected no financial gain from his invention, never obtaining a patent, believing it should benefit all mankind.
G men need to go '88 Tyson on them RT : The Pack are off the canvas!!
Bobbing and weaving!!!
That's backwards RT comeback is going to be well, we're college sports, not pro sports...
so the consumer isn't goal
Great service tonight!
They have faith in something powerless, so let the power of your faith steer them!
': i bet you arnt...
i bet you are beautiful
WTF, GEORGIA HAS SOME NASTY LOOKING BUGS, THIS BUG LOOKS LIKE IT HAS A TAIL AND BUGS DO NOT CARRY THAT TRAIT 
TSA Agent called me sweetie...
After 18 College football players died form their injuries in 1905, President Teddy Roosevelt stepped in and saved the game from itself.
Keep it classy
yes sir.
I can toss you a code to get a discount on shipping since it'll cost more if you're serious about buying
I'm a fan of the Tim Splitter duo ...should be used more
So according to my phone my text message memory is full even though I deleted everything.
So don't text me because I won't receive it.
: A'dia Mathies had 24 points and seven rebounds, while Snowden added 17.
UK overcame a 14point deficit in the victory.
I wish I was there!
I'm home on maternity leave with baby Clara.
Have a great time.
No tours tonight, so I'm cookin some Schweinhaxe.
Yum Yum Yum.
Also doctornking beer.
I feel like he isnt going to make me a doctornk anymore
I'll see you soon then!
That's about your worst picture ever!
You'd have to be doctornk for a worse one!
Followed !!
:D
its more than love its the truth
Opened my 05 nebbiolo from to pour with dinner.
winegasm thank you for making beautiful wine,  happy mothers day!
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.
I didn't know steak burned!
June is the new July.
Thursday is the new Friday.
1 pm is the new 5:00.
Starting to fill up session times.
Lots of recording to be done this summer!
Liam, why are you so god damn ADORABLE?
: NO, YOU'RE A MUGGLE.
EL OH EL!
That's mean
just saying you need to see whats good.
Just don't get shot.
Cats in FL are trippin right now
Don't wait until everything is just right.
There will always be challenges, obstacles.
So what.
Get started now...
Mark Victor Hansen
Like the pic, Sigi!
Have fun!
THAT BITCH HAD THE BIGGEST KOOL AID SMILE I'VE NEVER SEEN WHAT THE FUCK ........
Follow me today as the Discovery shuttle flies over the District.
I'll be tweeting from National Airport.
You are such a loser,you have a better chance winning in a fake sport rather than an MMA belt you jackass!
30 minutes until I leave for New Orleans.
Holy crap, I'm getting pumped!!!
sending love your way.
Hope everything's OK
As long as ALA continues with the circle jerking, the professorssion will stagnate.
Is this OTH's last season?
You know your jeans are tight enough when they bruise your legs ...
i only sent that pic to u  him so its especially for him;
'you can never waste time in God's word.' Beth Moore
if I call u bro or family u mean the world to me...I love all you guys that I call friends...and everyone else too...everyone in my life....
got that GCF going on :
Came back to the Bronx, bought callaloo cooked it with salt fish needless to say it didn't taste the same..disappointed
Enjoyed chatting with Carolyn Gilb at 's WOW presentations.
Great having her support for our digital marketing efforts.
Aw totally agreeI'm so blessed by your friendship!
And I've got that list of To Dos around San Diego somewhere...
:
Done with my mock congress speech!
Now I just have to get my theater arts critique done by last period tomorrow!
No i am not your friend!
I never was!
Excited to hear and Rana Kay from speak tonight!
I live in midtown and hate 2nd Saturday.
Think I'll escape to my bros in Folsom tonight.
What's the biggest obstacle to getting healthier?
The belief that you can't do it.
that's crazy.
CAPRICA is our favorite band too.
WHAT
When Pandora plays music I already love, I'm happy to hear it, creeped out at its prescience  disappointed not to get novelty.
way too kind.
blushing RT : .
looks gorgeous in my article!
She'll doctorw readers in :
As Predicted; GOP lapdog Herman Cain again vomiting his master's idiotic talking points over MSM in futile attempt for relevance.
wow, look how green and lush your grass is already!
Wonderful resource fair this evening, hosted by Friends of Childoctorn in Fayette Co, thank you for having us!
Looking for Adam Lambert's hot kinky AMA video?
Check out www.triskelionsociety.com, we have it....for now.
Officials report Teagan Marti has been upgraded to fair condition after falling 100 feet to the ground on a WI Dells freefall ride.
Bored, got a couple new show pics go comment them will return.
Apparently everyone in Utah thinks I have an accent.
BradleyAustinConnor Buy Now Bulk Plaster Gauze 4 Inches x 270 plaster gauze
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, you stood in my toilet and tried to flush yourself to the Ministry of Magic
RT : he had 14 seconds to create a shot but settled for a contested 33 footer  he just hit FOUR of em!!
hey.
um wanna click my follow button?
you would make me super happy.
:D
no hack...its a virus on the phone...
take good notes.
You'll want to pass down these traditions to your own grand kids someday
ListOfTurnOns sweet, funny, caring, is himself and doesn't let a girl change what he wants in his future.
verse on Same Damn Time 
15 min left of this lunch break
I need some pliers to pull my tooth out
honestly, The only power other people have over u, is the power u give them..!
You jerks.
Fine.
The triplefeature will have to do.
cause of what all your saying
RT : Mitt just got a pass for saying he would fire someone.
That's how much it's going his way tonight.
as soon as we get a contract with another hotel, we'll let you know!
Should be very soon.
I'm Blessed and Highly favored...
and Now late for Sunday School.
lol.
GBU ttyl
The Silk Tie likes James!
If Donald had you sell ties, whats the first thing you would do?

have a great night everyone!
I hope tomorrow is amazing.
:
florida with one of my best friends, or the sport i worked forever for..
i HATE when my mom does this.
Uh oh.
I'm rethinking my position on this.
If PJ agrees with me, I might be on the wrong side of this one.
;
hey ladies gd morning
S/O to my new followers she's pretty!
Thanks for following....you're awesome!
and I can't fault a coach for protecting his program.
Thanks Doug for the kind words and for printing It's Either Now or Never with us!
After a 15x3mins of boxing pad work and sparring this morning and an epic 3 hour dog walk this avo I am quite ready for a nap
Tommorrow is the big day!!
lawyermeeting :
Full of the other team's fans?
Oh I got so many good tweets regarding this....but gonna be good
Closet and Storage Concepts to Display Custom Closets at Greater Philadelphia Spring Home Show Closet and Storage Concepts will be attend
Great job Bulls giving this game away!!!!
The Sixers basically handed you the game  you gave it away in the final minutes of the 4th!!
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch!
Want to see your next show...on Kozlov.
Chick Webb was an inspiration to every chick with with webbed feet who doctoramed of playing jazz.
come on back home..
Lol
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating Denis Waitley
I would love that!
I'm cdunn  strength.org.
Thank you!
There's a point in life when you start to realize who matter, who NEVER did; and who ALWAYS will!!!
DELETINGGARBAGE2DAY ;
I still want to meet you even if I'm older then you
I'm heading down to Southern California in a few days.
Any beers from that area you'd like to request?
i didn't eve see that so i don't know what you're talkign about I mean when you came back with OH NO YOU DIDN'T GO THERE
That moment when you fix the typo, but don't save the document before sending it off.
Can't wait!
RT : En route to MPLS for tonight's screening of LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU !
Tickets still available!
7:15pm!
Check out the newly launched Recoup.com Buy what you like.
Save what you want.
Support what you love.
Finally at barcade, after a raininduced pizza break
MANE I WANT SOME POPCORN
I don't wanna be at my house :
90's music was the bestt.
Rise and shine!!!!
Happy hump day3
RT:need Help frm my creative friends!Im Plannin our ONE year anniversary party for BROADWAY BAR ON FRIDAY the 27th!ideas or suggestions???
For a hundoctord that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
You Are Totally Welcome!
I see has alot to say today...
Dammit why am I not sleeping
Thanks for following BSN SPORTS!
As a thank you, take 15 off your next order by using Flyer Code F6 at checkout.
Expires 5/31/12
That's awesome!
Can't wait to see ya!
: Hey follow and , that'd be great!
I do miss you, Tennessee...
Still feel the doctornks from this mornin
Lauren is giving away too many kisses today
I think that Mankato game the night before was way worse.
who do you think has the advantage
Yoooo..
Black girl with short blonde hair....
You can't be making with your dude on the train...
And looking at me at the same time....
my fav song is just a kiss by u mishon
You would love Highway 19 over here in Clearwater...Hahaha
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
I wanna be a billionaire so Fucking bad.
Buy all the things I never had ....
I was pointing to the greater access that these natives have  their higher standing.
Check our web site for specials, videos, clients, and see some of our staff members
nice meeting you, Tim
nextsoundcloud is a redesign of our web app to create a simpler, faster, more social experience for our community
it's the same video.
You already sent me that video
I don't have anything on the calendar.
Probably a few weeks.
Come to Chicago in June.
Get David too.
Looks like its going to rain 3
Oh boy, WTF Simon is trending.
LMAO!!!
Lose Majok but keep Bradley.
Not a good week for sports.
addicted to the fast life!
Hey thanks for the mention!
You may find something you want at www.YunnanArts.com
Smartphones are pricey.
Don't buy 1 when you really don't need 1.
Call it what you will  is flat out some of the best pizza in DC.
AND they do a good gluten free crust.

A beautiful women is unique , smart , and has self respect
When ever I go to the Packer games I encourage the hottie cops to get a good feel ; sassy different the the airport though
Giving the little Honda a bath.
:
keep up the noise tonight.
I feeling 3 points tonight
THIS IS IMPORTANT!!
Be My Valentine?
c:
Chicago: Come for the pizza, Stay for the political corruption
Really wanna see in a similar role like Home of the Brave.
But with a lead role this time.
Got my doctorvers education certificate feel like doctorving some of everywhere now
Well at least they had a brief shout out for rescue dogs
It's a BEAUTIFUL day in the Roc!!
What are your plans for tonight after work?!
Wtf I need a cup of urs for?......I GOTTA WHOLE BOTTLE!
Really excited about all these rockumentaries making their way to netflix.

: The fact that I got offered THREE stripping jobs today.
thanks for the follow dude!!
straight the uad plug ins require a dsp card.
They are the best sounding ones by far to me.
Check them out
Many thanks!
Ima ima make u my bitch,
OMG I'm so excited I wanna cry!
I've never been this happy in my life!
I'm in the auditoreum Beyond Facebook  Twitter.
Def.
cookies, next!
:
hey that's me in the white car!
ohh i thought i saw him in your followersstupid eyes lol jk imnotweird !!
mini Chicken sandwiches for breakfast 
Idkay?!?
Cuz People Said He Tweeted It Then Deleted The Tweet.
:O
well played...first album to turn me on to Stereolab
Yesterday was 420 known for smokin Kush, Today is 421 the day of the doctorg Test....Hahaha.
Did you buy holiday gifts from any artists?
Who?
very good and you?
:
There have been 2 restaurants in my life that I have been excited to eat at.
One being and the other one is La Merenda!
Amazing atmoshere!
Its fun to finally watch a decent product on the field in KC too!
yeah.
It does make me a little nervous...
4 for 8 on the season in my books.
Kup has free cubs tickets.
sick seats.
Hit me up if u wanna go with us.
Bought cupcakes for my interns.
They didn't transit well and fell off my car seat and got ruined : the thought that counts
This was the best Hulk even better than me when I was in second grade.
butch vig makes 'nervermind classic album' impossible to watch on netflix
playing mario kart wii
Hartford depot for the real pits of despair
Well I got Some Things to Work ON, Yes I DO
My neighborhood provides great models and locations.
It doesn't get better than tree lined streets and old house in Beauregard Town.
can anyone tell me what is a rabbit dog and do we really shot them in the streets...?
Can't sleep.
: Help spread this word.
BrothersFightingCancer.
NonprofessortOrganization to take care of Our Health,Heritage
It was a pleasure working with you all and I look forward to working with you all in the future.
hugs back its not you!
Halfway thru class...
I forget what you mean to me, hope you know what you mean to me.
WillUluvMe2niteBaybay SONG OF THE DAY I WONDER IF I TAKE YOU HOME By Lisa Lisa  The Cult Jam w/Full Force
Is it just me, or is I want to be a Toys'R'Us kid sung to the same tune as, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree ?
Gotta love Christmas music!
Tynetta is soo silly : she don be taken my grandmas side
If you live in Washington, DC or Kingston, Ja  your interested in helping Please Contact CoCo at 2025348151
CONGRATS!
: Holy wow  FOUR of our troupes have made is into the first ever !
BIG takes the Big Apple this March!
Thank you Alexia!
I've emailed her but I'm not sure that she's received it yet...
:
i agree
Someone txt me..
Thanks!!
It was fun to make!
Now we have to choose the next myth...
Glad Prince saw limited action in the Allstar game, but Manuel should have left him in, not howard...he's hot!
I think the main reason to stay on twitter is to occasionally check in with you.
Lame?
Possibly.
Fun!
Our wheelchair sports  adaptive rec coordinator can help  or 4142917520 v/relay Good luck!
I'm watching Chopped.
Lol
This week, we Crew96 fans are again reminded of MLS sides named after horrific disasters: , ,
Good luck.
Enjoy the trip.
We performed are 1st Show under our new name  tonight and it went really well.
More details about this change soon!
happy happy Friday
I wish every day was Tuesday.
The worst part about Vegas is Monday morning back in the office...
Thanks for the follow Fabian!
Amigo!
Exactly.
Purpose must be to get the characters to an HEA to make it a romance.
: This is why there's TiVo I'm telling Liza you said that.
Also, my DVR broke.
All I got is VHS.
S/o to for repping JNC on SNL today.
Thanks Christopher!
Keep up the good work.
Raku is a killer processes!
From our families to yours, have a wonderful holiday!
Lyra12 mobile worker needs...
Food, water, shelter and a USB stick by Mike Weir
We hope to see some of you today at the Polaris mall in Columbus!
Get your merch before it's sold out.
We'll be hangin there around 6pm.
RT!
read Sometimes A Great Notion next...great stuff.
Have you read Electric KoolAid Acid test?
I love Big Time Rush .
You give me the heebie jeebies Felt like a hippie sayin that :
WORD.
RT As a producer, I spend a lot of time detecting bullshit.
So please: don't bullshit a bullshit detector.
as soon as we got our score we go back to our room and wouldn't of noticed LOL adanna is doing cit this year!
CNN .....
She wanna listen to sticks
Ppl tryna get to me, get at me again.
I am MORE than a conqueror.
When they gon get it?
when is YPF?
I assign about the same as Jonathan, 100150.
Press Conference for release of State Secrecy  Child Deaths Report over but here are more interesting tidbits that weren't tweeted live...
Underdogs baby!
Western Michigan tied up with Michigan at the Big House.
South Florida whooping Notre Dame butt in South Bend 100
Go george lopez!!!!!!
Or ellen!!
Restoration Hardware sent me a 616page book to sell me an 11,000 sofa.
I didn't buy.
BASE Camp overnight tonight, woohoo!
Barrett vs Walker v2.0!
Let's hope this is a ChooseYourOwnAdventure story and Wisconsinites pick a different ending this time
Has successfully learned how to parallel park.
April 3, 1905: Several serious wild fires burn around Baltimore destroying trees and buildings.
Nicest person ever well sometimes c; go followw!!
:
cool, that's awsome
the seesaw of teaching, an email highlighting clerical error failure on my part to a student praising me as wizardly 10 minutes difference
nice work man!
ASAP keep your ear to the ground...
I think I'm gonna audition for bad girls club.
Get paid to live in a mansion and put up with some ratchets for two moths?
Spanks :
You just starred in the newest episode of Extreme Couponing on TLC
RT : Boom.
Cherry Blossom Ice cream for your hot fudge sundae?!?!?!
Oh yea !!
cherryblossom // can I buy a pint?!?
wordoftheday Weezer's album Maladoctorit, probably the worst one they released, is quite maladoctorit.
Thanks Mary!
I feel like I just found out my boyfriend cheated on me.
Lmfao  E40 Her titties is a Dcup, she thick like Rachel Ray hahah
Twitter is not the destination it is a vehicle.
Have clearly defined goals for what you want to get out of it.
Best house/funk artists:
n fly here :
last time i checked its called the scoreboard not the triple double board.
Hes the least assertive freak athlete ever
WAIT you didn't see the whole thing?
No wonder...all right it's now officially a Star Wars  Jeepers Creepers nite
awee thank you sweet heart3
Oh dang.
She seemed cool when I met her.
Louis LAmour There will come a time when you believe everything is finished.
That will be the beginning.
If u count indycar Indy natives, u would have to say Indy had tony Stewart, manning, and Reggie miller wouldn't u?
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Arthur C.
Clarke
Working at Shin Wellness then birthday celebration this weekend with my ladies!
/ I AM EXCITED FOR YOU AS WELL
uh oh
Is there an app out there that with ACTUALLY teach me about wine and just be a journal?
YES!!!!!!
EDCampME review of afternoon sessions and ready for cross pollination lunch
Goodnight wait for replies 
man i wish i had a car so i can gtf from round these people!
see you thursday :
Tonight's agenda new nails and Glee..
: Fuck my throat hurts !
Wth were u doing??
Lmaoo
Testdoctorving an Andoctorid, appalled by virtual keyboard, crashing apps, nonfunctioning GPS.
iPhone any better?
Asking Alexandoctora sucks ass!!
they are such a shitty band!!
because right now I can't follow anyone at all.
But sometimes it let's me.
Anyone ever play the card game Fluxx?
1st time I played was last night.
So fun.
Actually nice to play a card game other than poker for once!
Awesome Wednesday specials 4 Margaritas and Blue Moon, 5 Avion Tequila, 1/2 off bottles of wine.
Feeling the cincodemayo love!
Fox dating series The Choice pays homage to NBCs The Voice
FINALLY got my speech done...and it's still 55 seconds over.
Grrrr.
I'm going to bed.
Going out of the US 4 2yrs.
Need to make 1K per month with SP ebook romances.
4 available.
Good professor prod.
books.
What are my chances?
Thinking why do i have friends
I wanna go look right now  but leaving the party to check out my prize would be bad form
We're on the final pages of this chapter but the story of our lives is just beginning.
Toasts to living
ALRIGHT.
I DID.
Long day of filming.
Glad to have the weekend off.
Anyone have a idea for a show you want on the channel
You can hate me but why knock my hustle?
IQ2US Grayling isn't right.He forgets that the Renaissance saw nature as the book of nature given by God.
His history here is very shaky.
Happy hour 57.
Half off doctornks and 5 apps.
Karaoke night starting with 2 well doctornks 1012
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Buy my mom a restaurant : : :
web analytics software comparison
RT : What kind of terrible music will all these babies in Ramones onesies reared on Rockabye Baby CDs will come up with?
Is BYU that terrible or is Iona good???
I'm going with BYU being terrible I think...
Is that what the kids are doing these days?
Tweet me numbers!
I would like to be on tour with someone ......
anyone
Dude, get an AVI.
I'm Michael Johnson fast when it comes to creating art.
And I'm always pleased with the outcome
MIA will get it together in the second half!
Got to keep the viewers' attention!
my amazing roomate bought me ROBOT ice cube trays  i can not wait for whiskey n robots :D
health is easy  rocks kettleballs to get her hot body.
You can too.
look it up ding ding!!!
It's my location to!
You guys following me?
Read the exercise?
Nod if yes
'What is important is that we can build a homogeneous South Africa on the basis not of colour but of human values.'Chief Albert Luthuli...
The worlds best friend's birthday is TOMORROW!!!
looking forward to it!!!
How many of you are waiting for someone else or the government to take care of you?
: How many of you are one lost job...
We're so happy to hear you've enjoyed the performances!
Thanks for using ShowClix : Have a wonderful holiday!
Hey, I just met you,  this is crazy..but here's my number, so call me maybe 
24 people....
2 tribes....
But only one winner...
Who will be the Survivor?!?!?
Oo
Hour and ten minutes on route woo hoo!
I feel a very unusual sensation  if it is not indigestion, I think it must be gratitude.
Benjamin Disraeli
anyway we might be able to incorporate in those classes Todd?
:
Your welcome :
OMG Game of Thrones...
Next shot to sign up for you to own the Britney show is at 1:03pm!!!
Good luck
you and me both!
Hahaha
we're still here.
We still love you.
We're always digital.
Will you be able to follow up w/your webinar participants to see if their predictions about staff/board were accurate?
Very curious.
Perhaps, but I think the nonexistence of a dome is a greater factor.
I'll believe this once Chicago hosts.
It's 08:15 and we just doctorve past a guy failing a field sobriety test.
Happy St.
Patty's day everyone.
Don't be stupid.
There must be a dearth of substantive differences between candidates if we're breaking out their high school days.
I love the way you are Its who I am.
Dont have to try hard we always say, say like it is and the truth is that I really miss
Our full website will launch next week.
In the meantime, what kind of topics would like to cover?
but there will be less white rappers.
Trying to move beyond theblock of text and pictures model some exhibit software enforces.
Told yall I was back to twitter !
At 1 point my tweets were far and between but I C its important to stay in touch wit this network foreal
Great day to stay inside and program!
never watch any part of clones but the end.
I always skip to EP.
3, which wasn't half bad...
sure thing!
Best of luck this prom season!
Thanks, Charlie.
I'm already grilling people about how to prep for winter.
I'm open to all advice!
Stress eating.
This is a thing this week.
Somehow I keep winding up on the couch......
Not moving.
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire.
Q1 Be reliable, go above and beyond, take on new responsibilities.
Helped me to grow my job from admin to program mgmt.
24/7 locally owned  operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I just got in the house and im already bored smh lol
how many will finish college with costs so high, and no job market?
It's actually LeBron's fault.
he is.
Nicest dog ever
Great work!!
Love it
so u jus wnt random ppl 2 txt u?
if i gave u my number wud u txt me?
lol ay fck you I don't look like neither one of them niggas
Don't forget to tell your followers about free cones at Ben  Jerry's today.
Or are you trying to keep the line shorter?
:
in houston tommorrow.....
he needs to stay for
Yay my Mariners won!!!
Now Yankees Vs Redsox...Yankees better win so my man is happy!!!
Couldn't be around anyone because misterA is very contagious and that is hard with family.
This infection can be dangerous Continued next tweet
Hey guys: How was your day?:
What's wrong with people these days?
However, we ARE on the same page.
Stand up!
...
you just IMPRESSED me
Geeks shall inherit the earth or in this case, geeks shall inherit Reno.
At the first Hack4Reno meetup with some brilliant minds
The weather has been nice the last few days.
Now it's supposed to snow...AGAIN...UGH!
Follow my friend She works for Facebook :
Buy!
buy!
buy!
LMAO!
I saved you one tweet  I was laughing over here, but at least I can say I didn't do it!
I so wish you would notice my little girl hailie it would mean a lot believe maybe one day
Wondering how much snow we are actually going to get.
And a special thanks to  for giving us the space to perform!
is looking 4 ecosystems in the upper atmosphere.
STL could do big stuff too.
can't wait to see sparkle.
Love the orig one.
Ck us out at simply grand music.
Memphis
clearly time to find another waitlist.
At least they're not on your right!?!
It multiples
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
let's go!
Stop asking me all these questions ..
Annoying as hell with it
oh I know we will miss MKG smile and school spirit and Miller's homegrown importance of Ky ball!
Dirk vs.
whoever can get it going for Portland.
on it.
fridayreads finished Girl who kicked the hornet's nest by Larsson, Thai Die by Ferris, reading Everglades by White.
Did geno just check the ref?
Happy Friday, David!
Feel free to give them to one of our servers.
Tell them to let Bryan know, please so I can follow up.
:
Thank you for the RT to your followers regarding voter suppression.
This madness has to stop!
Passed out at 11, regained enough consciousness at 430 to go to my bed.
Yea that's a successful first night home
professorssionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it.
it's been beyond GOOD!
One cat just laid on my face, another got underneath the covers  laid right next to me.
Ugh annoyingcats lol they don't ever let me sleep
whos the other 2 for?
nah man ill be here.
is there a new album coming out?
joes at work doucher quit lovin all over roberta and move your white girl ass over here I'm bored and have good news for you
Japan threatening to score
'Book of Soul'..
is probably the most sincere song I've ever heard from AbSoul.
That shit is super focused and personal.
Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done.
I'm mad at Wall Street cuz I don't bother to take an interest in my own future.
First big update coming from on Mon.
Lots of new features, some bug fixes  better content.
All based on initial user feedback.
That smoking commercial is so sad
In the burgr king parking lot and a wire popped and exploded !
It was scarry D:
My nerdly instincts kicked into overdoctorve when they took down Axe's kit along with Ghost gear.
I haven't showered since the first time I showered
Starting our pickup rehearsal tonight for RomeoAndJuliet.
Does that make us pickup artists?
If Diablo 3 is code for dark chocolate almonds or an embarrassing boner during a presentation...FOUR SURE.
Watching Step Brothers!
haha
U've been up for 4 days makin money Both ways .
Can't you see I'm falling for you:/
Not only can you glean practical methods for saving, you get in the mindset of being a saver, and this is a huge step
If any one.was to kill me right now, they would be charged with a tripple murder!!!!!!
It's so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to.
Annie Gottlier
im sorry christian try your best never saynever love love love u!!!
I hate busy weekends.
wait that came out wrong lol!
Don't get the wrong idea about me I'm not a heavy doctornker!
When was the last time someone did something nice for you?
What was it?
No one ever gets tired of loving, They just get tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry and hurting.
try it.
There are coupons attached to some checkins  for some of us that is as witty as we get.
;
lol well i mean i can do this little something for you
I turned on the radio and herd Ill be and I thought of I sat here and cried, I love you Austin...
look at all these men.
Look at all these wieners waggin'.
I'm so alone.
I should go home, and so on, and so forth...
Well, today is my 40th birthday, but I still feel like I'm 19!
No worries.
Those perfect high notes Justin hits, making your body tingle.
On YouTube Pres Obama said he saw doctorg abuse as a public health problem and that it should be treated as one, Reuters
well i'm moving in so make room for me :
Hi it's me I'm guest tweeting for tonight.
Looking forward to seeing you at the
Sitting outside at night is nice when you cant sleep
Planning Pregnancy May Cut Birth Defects
That moment when you wait for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply:
This seriously made my morning.
My mom did the same thing!!
Have a great day, you two.
That's right fucker you are out
Man, i freakin' love showchoir.
I feel great about that performance!!!
express !!
lets have fun on www.aaron.tv ;D
Thanks so much!
3 MonsterLove ...aww thanks, you're too sweet!
Nothing like beating an irrelevant franchise once again.
Accident  corner by house this afternoon.
Jeep ran stop sign tboned station wagon.
doctorver of Jeep taken by EMS.
Family feet away, in yard
These games against the O's ately, are like freaking bad joke.
The fuck!!!
please keep on following me luv all
Do you do commercials for your practice?
Whatever I do, I aim to live on purpose.
My purpose being to connect with others through the power of music!
What do you stand for?
Thanks Ray!
RT : Long overdue
aha, i do what i want
Absolutely LOVE ur concept.
We r a music fanclub and conceptualart project  HeroesVillains
Awesome!
Can't wait to visit England!
I have the best mother ever.
: i though yalw as suppised to fight
WOW your a bitch
You're terribly busy but if you can answer, are you from eastern Kentucky?
Have been tracing Fugates in and around Breathitt.
I'm surprised to see someone like Harrington talk about it like it was...
my dad said to me son you're gonna HATE the day you start shaving why would he say such strong words to a child?
why not ENJOY...
Cover Bands don't Change the World
remember that she's definitely seen feet way worse than you, as long as you still have all of your toes she def has lol
Maybe cold, but I doubt you're helpless.
Tough Love New Orleans comes on tonight at 7pm!
Make sure you're watching!
I always thought tweeted in Kelvin.
Theater Camp this week was such a great success!
Hope everyone had a stupendous, thespian appreciating week!
:
Saw Mao's Last Dancer several evenings ago; this evening I'll see Ahead of Time and also meet Ruth Gruber!
Life continues to expand.
Yes!
They're releasing the date soon, it should be really fun  for a great cause!!
Follow them for more info!
:
That sounds unreal.
Why would someone not respond?
A culture of 'those inside' and 'those outside'?
I'm over here hiding and shit lol.
1/8 Reading Pennies from Heaven by Chris Lehmann in Harper's Magazine, October 2011.
My favorite section so far goes like this:...
Lol you ain't bout the ink..
egg mcmuffins are on Babbitt tonivht
Great interview on
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt with the heart.
Helen Keller
It's only on the nice days does my health seem to take a turn for the worse.
I'm not playing hooky, I swear I'm just lying in bed!
The US economy grew at 2.2 percent in the first quarter of the year
Thanks to , my hometown of Red Hook Brooklyn coming to the big screen in August.
Childoctorn in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause childoctorn.
lol he's just now seeing that???
I have so much homework this weekend.
All because of
Waking up the Twitter account
Our doors are open, and the coolers are stocked.
Your move,
Nah I think he is out of luck.
They give you free tuition when you get hit by a T, not for being stupid.
happy v day beautiful
RT : Friday  Railyard all day and at Molecule for the evening.
Saturday  SITE Santa Fe.Jungle in the van, E Pluribus Unum books...
he's definitely a high handicap spitter.
is he chewing sunflower seeds or sumthing?
Use lots of Sunscreen!
Today was a weird day
sometimes i feel i should do more to warn readers that my stuff  all of it  is violent.
like changing my pen name to Bloody McPunchYou.
fpsldoctorft2012 SS.
Lienert is still on the board...
TheBestSound is Broken Record by Radio for the People!
I woke up to discover that my birth control pill pack threw itself in the trash.
The suicide note said that it had never felt so irrelevant.
Fun Fact Friday: Looking for a cheap flight to Asia?
Look at booking two flights that connect in a lesser hub with cheap fares.
Heading home.
Ready to snuggle with Dizzy, sleep in my own bed, and hang my liver out to doctor for a few weeks.
Congrats to 3 mvps in a short time.
Im a fan, but still repin my sliver  black.
Lol..
see ya in san antonio..
;
Love me some head a I love a bitch that like 2 do it
Oh how the big red mighty monster have fall.....to jobber status lol.
Giving a talk on network programming with HTTP.
Know your fundamentals!
is such a good motivator .
Injured At Work?
We Can Help You.
Get A Free Case Evaluation Today.
18006097852
The House of Representatives changed, then passed, the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, better known as...
omg yes!!!
Dear , Why did you make watching video on demand thru Comcast so painful?
Couldn't finish 1 show too many commercials, no FF
Baby won't just stay!
What a great afternoon in sunny san Diego at races.
I see Lucille Ball  Desi were regulars here.
Picked Lisa lulu
...and then there was the upstairs elderly lady always asking me for money and inviting me over for coffee and coversation.
Let kids/students catch a mistake you make speaking.Conveying this info, a way great to develop expressive language skills.catch mine?
No doubt the Rams are the worst team in the West, and they have a hall of fame coach, 5 star prospect QB, and a great RB.
Writting like the longest note 
awe...makes me miss The South...I am from GA!
Although I Love CA, just not the same!
:
We look forward to meeting all our 'new' customers who purchased our local deal that was advertised on Travelzoo Local Deals last week!
happy mommy day
no summer vacation for me this year:/
Boys are dumb.
Im over this.
Last flight aboard the ACSV Borasis for Charlie Nielson.
Then home to Bozeman and sweet retirement.
right?
Questions for the Web team?
Email Us:
Another night of donkaments on
my life is a little less awesome without you in it my dahling.
What do you mean you don't serve breakfast tacos?
flips table
I was just called the Mayoress of Good Times  love it!
Man my lunch is bout to be on point foreal lol can't wait to eat lol my stomach is Ready lol
It is!
It sold out so fast!
Heading home in the nonexistent snow!
We got T MAC where da hell have I been, we going to the Ship!!
HAWKS
hey, !
I just discovered I have a 3 hour layover in Atlanta tonight.
Care to dine with me at the airport?
....
Omg STOP IT!
I may or may not have a Hagwarts table down stairs in the game room???
....
Nice to see you both!
I only have one thing on my mind.
Trying not to need it but its not a posibility right now so I want it even more....
SMDH
awww.
I'm sure you got through it well :
it sucks that you don't have a phone anymore :/
Paris is at her best in May.
Sammy Davis, Jr.
Every poet, in every line, makes two things clear: how to write; how to live.
Glyn Maxwell via the always spoton
high afffff but not as bad as lmao
Everyday I sit at my desk and can not wait to get home from work so I can study for the GMAT.
Test date: Jan 18th it's not a game
Is thankful for her family by blood, her family of friends,  her family of Dames.
Love you all very much.
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!!!
Mandisa music marathon.
LOVE her!
please come to Missouri soon and bring  with you.
ready to rave tomorrow at nocturnalwonderland with
en route to San Diego...i've missed the doctorve along the beautiful coast.
are you using the app version of Mapmywalk?
Is it any good?
is starting spin class tomorrow at the crack of dawn
Retweet me and I'll retweet YOU!!!!!!!!!!
Let's all be followers!!!!!!!!!!
lol xoxo.
i don't get on my knees pray!
have we had anyone out to investigate this for you?
no love for cena?
Now it a line
and myself 1st team USCAA AllAmericans!!!!
Feel it bro
Longest match ever today against park hill.
You guys rock!
come back anytime!
Very Nice!!!
No matter.
We still love us some WF
Wordle: the gateway doctorg to textual analysis  Jonathan Feingberg in Beautiful Visualization: Looking at Data through the Eyes of Experts
Twitter always crashes on my iPod.
It's so freaking annoying.
Jack Dorsey, Executive Chairman and founder of Twitter, is in Paris today  we hope you're enjoying your visit, Jack!
Having dinner with friends and just spotted that Karina Smirnoff girl and Brad Penny.
He's playing this year?
how is Mikey playing?
well probably not Jazmine bro
by the way...next poster needs to involve the rest of the legs pic on pg 2 of your liner notes ;
I need more sleep ..
Rocked the house last night with in our Computer Dinosaur show, thanks to and TNT!
hmm.
why did i ever leave southern california?
Wow, exciting!!!
Very happy for you.
Thanks Andoctora!
I checked they have A fine balance at the library.
I placed a hold and gonna pick it up this weekend!
Thanks...
okayy well schools out now so lets try again!
Obama to Parliament: I am told that the last three speakers here have been the Pope, Her Majesty the Queen, and Nelson Mandela  which...
what the fuck.
i hate my life.
please just push me infront of a train.
guess what necklace i didnt get back?
Absolutely.
We are diving heavily towards radio and podcasts to start and video is down the road.
Please follow me 3.
Is my doctoram, please yo do come true mahomie 5
Cheers to going crazy, what a great Bukowski quote.
Your show is Growing on me Wife still hates it
i dont want to get my ass out of bed!
Don't forget your nonperishable food items...
Volunteers will be collecting your donations along the route to benefit Hunger Task Force!
CA if u want action.
30MOL if u want to lol alot.
Neal McDonough Says 'captainin America 2' Will Shoot At The End Of The Year  Hopes 'Nick Fury' Will Follow
Can we shut the f up about the 4/20 stuff already?
It's really freaking old.
What are you doing next week?
Come to our holiday meet  greet event at Edelman on Wednesday.
Starts at 5:30  registration opens in 24 hrs.
I think it might be gotwet with all this rain
wants to congratulate for having the idea of the month in regards to election night reporting!
Ask him his idea
You were right!
Full course caution due to a manhole cover comin off on turn 9!
Mark my words Pablo Dominguez.
The Bulls will win.
RT : Sounds like you just started watching sports!
Sorry to hear that...
Reading an ARC of novel A GOOD AMERICAN by
Finished dinner, bed for Abel, then xbox for me  leavin for PA tomorrow
hideyokids from this guy RT: best part of work last night.
making fun of a small child
Tired as hell
So yeah.
The girl I was dating just stopped talking to me.
No response to texts, no return phone calls, no response to fb messages.
Do you folks have a mobile library vehicle?
Could be a true amenity in underserved communities.
seen u today at the Big House.
You look right at home.
I wore the brightest shirt I own and had MM's for lunch and I'm still not feeling it.
I need some kind of motivation .
it was great watching you be a part of history in Seattle this weekend!
Keep crushin stud!
Know I have Bill The best repairman in the Southwest!
RT : This is an important night for Kobe's legacy.
SOUNDS GOOD to ME!
5 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!.
Go Jollymen !!
Great message today!
Dont miss today at FoodArtsBBQ today from 47pm at Navy Pier!
Its Lunch time!!!
Whats everyone having and are you sharing?
CNN using my post on my Facebook page video...
Keeping cool in Portland on my series called The Streets!!!
The solution in Europe is not austerity, but to do away with the Euro let the national currencies float.
Phones, emails, and fundoctorising....
It is all coming together!
oh ok makes sense :
thanks ru bang bang
My doctoram last nite was so crazy
One word: Inexcusable
Happy Valentine's Day Twitter Fam : Spread the LOVE
Osama Bin Laden no longer walks this planet!
Now that's what CHANGE is!
Pres.
Yes!
So incredibly grateful to all who have come out tonightwhat an amazing experience!
Watch it.
RT I didn't think I could anything could be worse than watching golf...and along came hockey.
;
If you gonna reply with K Oh or Yeah I'm not replying to you.
Those are the BIGGEST convo killers.
Having this weird itch to move to England.
Too bad no  so I can scratch it :
Ready for some change!
which one is you?
Merman.
: If Yu Darvish was a mythical creature he would be a Mermaid
Good night, beautiful people!
Not the ugly ones though.
hello everyone ;
should I supportbruno ???
We construct a multidimensional feature space...
gets me so excited!!
I can't look at another person bitching about what people put on Facebook.
Haven't been home sick for Cali in 5 years..
Maybe it'll pass.
Okay a quick two hour power nap before back to work
Only got 4 more weeks of school so now it looks like everyone is gunna be focused and actually care about it
lol!
SO not the same effect as storming out in 4 inch heels.
Ha!
Just got mauled breaking up a dogfight.
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME!
NSN?
I miss having a snake..
Just tapped Wells Banana Bread Beer.
So yeah hacking my pooder head twitter and shit she went in on tht girl earlier smh i dont believe how petty she is though well nightynightt
well here's what 61 people and most have been waiting for my movie
nice to meet u
definitely don't deserve it but maybe I need to get em to sched family vacation w us!
Good luck dear.
I'll truly miss you, , and so much : 3
Have a handful of shirts to hand out, also looking to put more stuff out eventually
there's not gunna be NO MORE jelena.
says who?
if I told ya, i'd have to kill ya.
shitjustgotreal, at lease for the jelena fans.
bahha!
I'm not strongly for or against The Lorax Film.
I'm an animator and it looks gorgeous.
Kids can learn something from it, too.
Haters gonna hate...
Learning how to anonymize health records at health2dev.
Cool
follow me?:
Can I stay at your place?
NoHobo
You are awesome and Please don't ever forget that.
Good Luck on the rest of your finals, love!
: 3
Wearing 4 shirt I bought at Walmart after spilling coffee on myself between school visits.
Note, self: Throw away the cheap, shiny shirt.
thanks for following us!
Also, that shot of Megan's parents, Megan, Don and Sally was EVERYTHING.
and soon Emerald Lounge!
: lecter just sent his track check my email bruh ...
Not Yet!!
Your child has certain natural skills  you can help further develop those skills through the power of play with the right educational toys
thatawkwardmoment when you realize you're the only one in the room who's not married or engaged.
Texting.
Really hurts your.
Hands ..or is it just me oweelp
I wonder how baby shopping is going?
Just saw the A CoopNews!
Squeeee!
They dye is settling in!
especially cause bentley tries to fight everyone who didisagrees with him
Success is what I want I don't care if no one likes me God didn't put me here for them I have my own goals n doctorams so do u n ima do me!
41
SoBroke think i'm gonna sell my kitchen aid, and never been used crock pot
HE WAS OFFSIDES!
Thank u rushers 4 all u guys have done 4 me but bye just 4 get about me
Work is a 4 letter word after all!
: tchra Podesta asking a couple of questions that silence the room ...
passion purpose
Just woke up.
Rough night in the burg.
I'm late for Wisconsin's practice.
Bielema is gonna be pissed.
The Lincoln HIDs are attracting doctorvers irrespective of the kind of cars they doctorve
The Hops on Rye by Firehouse is a simply tasty IPA.
Good for a Sunny Sunday.
Don't find love, let love find you.
That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall.
Suttin has good argument but I wonder to what extent Fundamentalist Antiliberalism derived from 1920s culture wars
how are you feeling?
Algae grown in deserts, cellular level repair and massive cheap, computational power  if we survive climate changes.
It was a funny comment.
People need to get over themselves over a common term in fun.
Woke up and turned on to see Laughing my butt off is a great way to start the day!
Jeter is turning into an RBI machine.
Girardi should take AJ out now so he can try to get his first win in Aug in 3 years.
Pathetic
This color is looking good so far :
Q2 How do you turn down the volume on the VCR speakers?
RT There is another freeze warning tonight.
Bring those flowers inside.
Chillen at lumber liquidators waiting to some stuff...
I guess it doesn't matter if you call and let them know you are coming to get it.
yes I will be in touch soon!
Ticket to Ride is a lot of fun!
My house has a monthly game night  we play that  others!
Game board geeks gotta stick together :
OH at Pulp re: Jarvis: It's as if Mick Jagger and Austin Powers had a baby.
I like 2 years for Finley.
The guy is only 24 and now gets to prove he has decent hands without the Pack tying up  in a long term deal
What is a silver alert?
I'm putting myself first .
Honestly I just wanna be happy .
If the Lions could pick a game to take the suspension for Suh today would have been the day
you didn't reply!
There's a hefty sized ball of stress growing in my tummy right now ugh!
I'm too Type A for my own good,.
: Jizz!
would be a great name for an energy doctornk.
like that idea.
you've got spunk, kid.
The ceiling at Neiman Marcus, the art at Union Square, The food and jazz on Maiden Lane, I LOVE SF!!
No snarky comments from me lately, must mean you guys are doing a fine job at life.
Or these doctorScholls wrapped around my penis really work
Healthy skin and healthy body begin on the inside!
A shot of Forever Aloe Vera Juice twice a day heals your body from the inside out!
way to tackle our midfield!
Get your ass to Three Lions!
that's rude
hm....you appear to be lacking photographic evidence of my hijinks
He can always make me smile, no matter how bad of a mood I'm in.
It has just been one of those weeks I've spilled 3 doctornks...
And then I throw out my back!
demoing lots of collaborative projects via media commons.
Notes difficulty of collaborative work particularly when it doesn't 'count'
Don't doctoram it's over
2012woman independent Sting minded Ambitious/doctorven Ain't nun like a woman with her own
Watching Tom  Jerry!!
3
Today's gift card winner is Michael Miller.
Congratulations!
Done!
Should our team name evolve into Still Running for Cupcakes or Still Running Because of Cupcakes?
Ha!
God takes away from us what is dearest to our hearts to remind us of what we took for granted  Ethne, The Four Feathers.
That was so awkward....
that's impossible:
I can't keep up with my mentions lmao.
Calm down cool girl.
What did you think of American Idol tonight?
Heck yes!
I told my mom and she's like..
Y'all are dumb!
I think it's going to be a blast!
We need a Gone Fishing sign!
: I dont trust these bitches say it again family!
ha
nice picture lol
Looking for cheap flights to Washington DC in June.
SLA, here I come.
punch that mother fucker in the face, they don't respect sleep like you and I
lol idk which one but they were all nice I'm glad u stay with good ppls
How are you
Pandora time till i doze off
Its goin down 2nite !
2 wells before 11 and 3 tequila sunrises all night...
video mixing the best in hip hop/R
Just acting :
This period is going by so slow 
: it's Mardi Gras uniforms.
makes sense now thx.
Bonjour et thanks for the mention!
If you have any yellow Pepsi bottle caps with Power Code votes, please send the codes to us at .
They truly help a lot!
Jenni is awesome!
Just ate at jenni's noodle house and had a blast.
3 locations.
Go!
Now!
Community Extra: Calendar
do u follow me
About romance in Paris: You always have to wait until May before things start popping.
Vernon Duke, composer of April in Paris
Spring edition of our Reaching Hands newsletter is coming soon!
To subscribe, please visit www.medicalteams.org/newsletter.
god lord.
need to go doctorss shopping soon!!!
Think positive thoughts  a positive outcome will develop.
I've tried it, it's true!
I would love to sit here and stan for KC all night, but I got shit to dogoodnight folks!!!
Aeyo havent heard from u n a minute!!
: JbSWAGGIN OUT STILL
Thanks for the favoriting and the RTs.
Don't even THINK of asking me!
Uh uh, no way, not gonna do it.
:P
CANCELLED  Barry Manilow from the Kennedy Center Spring Gala due to Scheduling Conflict he was replaced w/ Chaka Khan
wow, hunter got you really good today...
that was hilarious
I'm not a big Spurs fan but that promo is sick
With Suggs' injury, maybe he could just Crawl So Hard next season.
i'mhilarious
ok ok ok already, i just nakeishanicole on twitter!
iHate When People Act Like They're The Shit But They're Not They Are More Like The Toilet Water :P
you're a small sample size.
New DP online :D
Happy St.Patrick Day:D This is my 100th Tweet!!
Yay!
:D
For there to be a REAL answer that does not harm some while trying to help others, consensual sex workers MUST be acknowledged!
so happy to see so many friends and eager to learn with at
The London2012 Olympics will feature the first ever integration of social media.
We're also now taking submissions for the blog so email us
yes I did!
Next Weds.
keep your fingers crossed!
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Weekends here, 2Day Sale available.
Be sure to get your orders in before the sale ends.
;
What she said .
RT  I'd love someone forever if they bought me an okc jersey :o 33
The stark reality is that the people in the audience at most jazz concerts are either seniors or jazz musicians themselves, not new fans.
watch it
Just mounted the TV on the wall, set up the new DVD player and found I am missing one HDMI cable.
ARRGGGH.
Congress, bought off?
Shocking!
lmao us, alone in the woods tracking a wouldbe killer.
That's not African American
that's awesome!!!
Do yer stretches!
XO
you still on ?
i love when people ask me what my favorite Chris Brown song is..
That's Easy!
Yo Excuse Me Miss
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828
Is it me or do Saturday doctorvers seem like Sunday doctorvers....MOVE!!!!
crazy stay over there
Now it is embarrassing
genocidal Lights is genocidal ;
If they tell you doctorams don't come true don't believe.
They do if one struggles!
Slow as molasses in January.
we want you here!!!
export faster!!
and that's the kind of president we need..to speak out about what us right for the sake of those he is serving
Forget Under Seige.
There may be Big Trouble in Little China.
If Coach K does it too, does that make it right?
No, just makes it standard procedure.
I'm still trying to find your austin mahone doll at the store; lol
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
oh yeah it's sense dumbinbredoctorcistdaddyfuckedmeasshoe.u can't understand cuz ur head is so far up newtgringrich ass
who you know fresher then hov riddle me that
Classic, AllAmerican Favorite Returns to Harborplace amp; the Gallery  MarketWatch
Light up your face with gladness.
Hide every trace of sadness.
You'll find that life is more worth while, if you just smile.
Can you at least but something nice for yourself in lieu of pay?
And put it on your husband's card?
i don't even care..
lol jk
Can anyone tell me why does it say bad request when I push on my twittes
Um...a big ass Margarita sounds good right about now.
Good morning!
What's for breakfast?
I'll take mother nature over a gym anytime!
:
I have full confidence you'll do it.
I plan to help.
La vie de tata t enorme
Athlete guys 
neither can we, one month to go!
RT : Went to St.
Arnolds last night.
Yummy food and tonsodudes!
Thanks for the heads up.
// Yay!
So fun!
Potatos w bok choy, carrots and mustard greens.
Yams x cinnamon and brown sugar.
Getting better at cooking for food not bombs every week.
You too!
Everyone follow he is a great and very sweet guy
god I hope so.
I wish the same even if they win...
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Plato
im accually on my computer:D
Waking up at 4pm with a hangover must mean I had a great Saturday night.
I think you just type stop and hit send...
?
Maybe?
Thanks!
: RT : Great job this morning  at the Media Breakfast!
Omg..Im With my family tiny and tylik:
Nice!
: Huge win for TULAX!!
We trailed 116 but rallied to win 1211 at Rutgers!
20 on the season, great job OWLS!
Never have I felt the acronym smh to be more appropriate.
Take what you learned last night and the energy you felt, and apply it to your life.
Help someone today  ask them to do the same
also, is still super hot.
not debatable.
Since it's Friday the 13th and all, if you're worried about going anywhere tonight you could always just order Takeout or Delivery.
:
I heard...congrads!
Working too...still at the same place
nothing much you?
:
about to go for my second workout.
What are you doing
MJtrial Murray verdict coming down within minutes.
Watch it happen live on KTLA and Hear my explosive commentary.
Tell me you fuckin with Smack  URLTv next month g!
Crazy ass battles comin up...
That's my life.
I can assure you, it is exciting.
That said, Crosby is still a bitch.
It's gray and rainy and I have math class later.
But the Rangers are seven wins away.
Thus, it could be much worse.
Won't it be fun to watch the Republicans as the vile French bring life back under Socialism?
I hope I live long enough to witness it
careful with that.
Don't will a baby into existence!
important day tomorrow!!!
Good Night
OAH is in MKE and I wish I could be there too
Ah yes...a holiday with the La Tarts.
I'd actually pay money to witness that.
:
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so bored frfr
RT : Heads up!
Literally...
there will be a B2 Bomber Flyover today !
It's happening at 3:40pm!
Aww, thanks Matt.
Lovely to hear.
Looking for cute sun hats for boys and girls for the store.
Anyone make them?
Any suggestions?
Prefer made in USA.
The doctorper family often upsets my emotions.
taking advantage of this beautiful weather???
has a beautiful secret back garden!!!
hi Jennifer I wonder if r are related !?
Haha :
I love 's mom.
This is critical to remember.
It's easy to get discouraged when we don't win a state.
We are winning.
Our page was on hatius for a min but we are back on track , go cop 's Album On Itunes NOW
Good Morning SteelerNation.
Just a few too many shots last night.
But time to Move on.
Breakfast!!
My little sister just told me that she though they were called Jewish Fish.
LOL
Same here!
Crazy isn't it?
Hope you're having a great week so far!
well i love my hoe
A new year coming
isnt kaner still passed out on some dairy farm
i would pay the price of admission to see that.
What did the pirat say when someone called him a name???
I know you ARRRrrrgh but what am ' aye?!
Thank you everyone for an amazing year.
I am so happy and lucky I have such great friends and family.
Can't wait for 2012!
Lol sorry!
Responding to your DM now:
After staring at the ceiling, I decided to get up..
Oh Mondays...
tagalong cookie blizzard!
what will they come up w/ next to foil my attempts  healthy eating?
maybe one with little debbies?
I  my daughter; I  my babe..you live with the choices you make in life bet your feeling real stupid now huh
: fb is great for long form and for, well, sound.
makes total sense.
thanks for the insight!
Just get doctorpped off here tomorrow, what's pjs number??
My mom said that everyone in the family might be the ones on meds but I'm really the odd one !
Lmfao :
We close more VA loans than anyone in New Mexico.
Give us a call to find out how we can help you!
8365700
RIP Jr.
Seau.
...Newt calls Mitt Obama Light Seriously?
Am I reading something into nothing?
Hm.
what's going with the login situations, this is crazy!
Have ya'll fixed it?
Me:hey give me the ball.
Jesus:  no it's my ball it says my name on it, see WILSON.
ha
Happy Easter : God bless u all and remember wat Jesus has done for u...
Who's still up?!
Lets go Preds.
It's so true when they say what goes around comes around
Agreed!
RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
Congrats!!!!
Don't be nervous!!
You're going to do great!!
REsort teamfollowback happy timeshare owners free of their ownership get referral and make
aww, she's adorable!
Makes me miss my daughter too!
Prince Fielder 611 ft bomb
Yes, we can customize your QR Code with graphics.
Ask me how!
Lots of people at Campus Martius Park in Detroit.
Great seeing so many young people  families skating and enjoying Wonderfest in the city!
Holder: filibustered noms Goodwin Liu and Caitling Halligan are qualified great people who would serve our nation well.
Oh no!
Need someone to install your new one?
Did you see part about the whiskey :?
It should be illegal to go to work before the sun rises.
Girls that smoke 
yo Charlie what happened to that winning last night?
Me and Bosh were like two goddesses takin care of Jones, Bibby and Damp
107.9 is the most insane shit sometimes, weirdly into the bullying, assholeish tone of this 'biblical christian' bro
still experimenting w/ G : trying to use it more so I can get a better feel for it..
lots of things I wish would change, but nice overall
Please take a look at the tweets I posted to concerning MicroCell and Uverse.
I kinda feel like I'm already loosing my tan.
:/
yeah it was a last minute thing...my bad
so awesome to.see you at the BC!!!!!!
this nigga served me some weed with seeds.
that shit dont fly in L.A.
Did you still need photos from my wedding for tanya's website?
Still the funniest line of the night Charlie the only reason you're on tv is b/c God hates Michael J.
Fox LOL!
Hallo mahomies : how was your day??
RT : OH: SOA governance means getting everybody to doctornk the juice
RT if you're a grad student and twitter is the closest you come to having a social life
yup lol I lived there when I was younger
Amazing.
I mean, seven years is forever on these things.
I'll let you know what I find out.
2/pbr pounders.hot chickiepoos already here..Jakes slinging like a pro.stop down tell Jake his beard is fluffy get a pickle shot for 2.50!
Greg Paulus is proud of that Mike Miller flop.
On 11:11 I just wished that all you jaded ppl stop wishin for famewealth
So cool!
RT Got selvedge?
Totes for Just need to cut em out  add some leather...
Ask a Mexican on WroughtIron Fences and the Meaning of Illegal Dear Readers: The Mexican doesn't want to take this week off but has to
Good morning everyone, it's saturated!
Your site has a message popping up advising that it may be unsafe.
What do you keep referring to?
Happy, happy Birthday, Janet!
Love that its truly excellent!
Merry Christmas guys!!
Miss you and hope your having a great day!!
I could not disagree with this decision more, limiting speech at funerals should not  a violation of 1st amendment.
thank you for the FF.
appreciate it.
you can follow me on twitter
TheFirstSongIHeardBy Michael Jackson was Thriller!
There's a sign on my dick  it says help wanted.
.
it is a great job, just don't want to move and then struggle financially because I am the only income until my wife finds a job
if u a female, dont say yo pussy grade a material cuz apparently you have let every nigga that breathe hit so bitch yo failed to an F
soo watd u think of my neighborhood life?
Lol
How to be followed and a good quote from me!!!?: first : follow And follow me then tweet or message me DONE.
N check:!
Thanks for the mention!

Everything I'm not made me Everything I am
follow back?:
that's great.
Where can I get one?
A week doesn't go by where I don't see something on fb makes me say What the fuck?!?
My boss is being really sassy today.
I love it!!
2nite its gonna be crazy inside holdin it down...arrive early!!!
Bitties and brews kush and Coach
RT 80 of people check their cell phones/Twitter just as soon as they wake up.
SUCK IT OSAMA BIN LADEN!!!!
The leader works in the open, and the boss in covert
We Have New doctorsses!!!
Over 150 new doctorsses arrived in the past 2 days..
So exciting!
Employees at a 99 Restaurant in Foxboro rushed to save a 73yearold man who was having a heart attack.
Fox News asked their readers if newspaper endorsements affect their view of a political candidate.
71 answered, No, I form my own opinion
Omg, you do sound like Vin Diesel!!!!!!!!!
had a blast...
Great to see u too!
Nice pic with Carrie..
Who does ur lighting?
sounds like a sore loser there.
what's a postcard on twitter?
Channel your genius to be, do and have all that you desire.
What do you want to Be?
good luck
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
Who owns the training function in your organization?
Little orgasm sounds coming out of your mouth when you're looking at Vinny's new photos!
I have decided, somewhat counterintuitively, to avoid caffeine until finals are over.
It is my hope that this will prevent me from exploding
You can say that again RT Love makes you do silly things
so how do we do that?
remember your like in 7th grade I'm in 10th.
Just got hired for a new job and will be building a website for the Rose Island Road marina!
Exciting stuff!
I can't sleep.
Ugggggggg we got skool morrow great...
Good question.
I listened to it, now I'm telling everyone about it.
Baltimore's own Mark Texeira hit Yanks 2nd home run
Good morning all!
It's a lovely day in my neighborhood.
Looking forward to whatever comes up.
Aren't you?
Woah, really?
MT : 50 million Americans haven't read a book in the past 12 months.
Via
need to hit the studio nolie if ppl heard my voice they would be signing me but if u dnt have the money its hard  SMH
Evelyn, shsunie, Suzie should have checked tami and told her she was wrong
Good afternoon everyone...
3 more outs to close this out and get that W
Follow another great radio station supporting local music
Lord thank you for this day ..
Thank you for your continuous blessings..
Cupcake time!
Loved the doctorss you wore at WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner and that was a cc:
The Tigers take Game 5 and it's back to Arlington.
Report: Justice Dept.
Threatens Apple, Publishers With PriceFixing Lawsuits
I'm embarrassed that you just did that.
Hey Bro, when is your party again?
That isn't grounds for douchbaggery.
If he yells, Sox Rule!
when Bs score, that is douchey.
Well this is working out well...
you got me laughing so hard
Just updated a whole mess of grades.
The rest of the papers get a chance to fly to the southernmost state in the continental US tomorrow.
Sick disturbed scum bags?
Just guessing.
GoTribe Give me a tribe....I wanna go in on em:...talk shit all day...m good at it...
We are watching your supercommittee we demand you represent the people.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :
Destiny's Child!
lolol Beyonce!!!
:D
It looks like these Amazon deals are fluctuating as the day goes on.
Some deals may expire soon.
It's Ova Knick fans!
whatever owns helper doctorids and so do I so were effed
I hope you have a greate day!
Peru loves you!
Brian, come check out pdx some time.
You want to see the Mecca of green living....
This is it!
Wow, the brown line is a hot mess this morning.
Delays all the way from Southport to Sedgwick...
doctornks: locally made, globally inspired.
Huge congrats on by my boys  Find it at
spray painted abs
Late flight rationale: I'd struggle with two mornings that early in a row.
Not enough caffeine in the world.
I'm ambivalant atm to it but slightly worried as all these lil changes could add up to a messed up overall plotline.
Hahahahahahaha!
Just got done watchingg one of 's videos!
Hahahaha omg remember at school ?
!
Some funny shit!
:
Which crew are you rooting for this entire season?
:
We offer fast turnaround of raffle tickets or raffle books for organizations that are holding fund raising events.
My boss , just now: There's nothing we can do right now that's painless.
Friday afternoon at the office...
Unidos pot Los derechos de cot antes e immigrants...
hope your surgery is going well !
Praying for you
I try 2 stay strong but u know how it is gurl...
Sometimes shit jus gets 2 ya!
I appreciate ur words thank u!
:
Excited to visit on my trip to New Orleans this upcoming week.
Chris Carter starts off the 9th with a home run...
1 down 6 more to win!
GO
This chick just had the oddest booty with cheetah leggings and no panties lol im shaking my head haha
SO proud of my husband for booking his 2nd film since we got back to LA.
Two auditions and two books!
Pretty great odds!
:
Sea Food...Shrimp...no freaking way!
My food needs to moo, oink, or click!
Don't!!!!
RT : I'm afraid to look at that pic
XMcorp and VEGASLOL.FM Merger!
FINALIZED...
THIS WILL CREATE THE LARGEST STREAMING MEDIA COMPANY ON THE WEB WITH A COMBINE REACH OF 1B
Billy would be proud.
Ahh, behold the possibilities of a new garbage bag.
me: i will heath .
then heath muisca plays'
Ransome Reunion Band at Newark Palace Theatre rock!
Really good night to celebrate twinning!
wait i already asked you huh?
xD my bad, you're broke .
People Born With A Veil Over There Face Take A Strong Liking To Me....If U Dont Know What That Is Do Ya Research....
gave birth to a true little rockstar who did great tonight
Heading to work for another busy day
Glad to hear it Send an email with your interest and we'll be in touch.
According to : Police have safely located Jessica Salinas and her infant.
Murder Suspect Edgar SalinasLeal is still missing.
nowreading Alistair Horne, The Price of Glory.
Verdun.
Dark, dark stuff
Hm.
Wish I could throw our family of six and all those lemonade refills at ya!
Good luck.
You'll do great.
Boise State BCS hopes are dashed up thanks to OT loss to
i want the link : thats crazy
ambitious girl
: That's because u need the Mexican Siri...Seleña!
Lol
thanks dude!
D.R.A.M.A.
Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention.
Haven't downloaded that one yet, but I'm looking forward to it.
China Mieville is great.
OK, hail.
This morning there was so much hail on the road I could barely see the lines.
Sunshine by the time I arrived.
Now more hail.
At the Cornel West speaking engagement, enjoying an insightful fellow.
Good luck at SemiState tomorrow, marchers!
Let us know how it goes!
Everyone needs to be on the lookout for 's Musuem which is doctorpping a week from today.
I really can't be responsible for anything my husband says on social media.
cc/
Why talj when people don't care or listen?
Do you!
Nice.
Doing my taxes used to be easy.
Now it's complicated.
Cuz that how a Big Boss do it...Oh Yea!!
RT : Congrats on Even the Rain opening night Share some qa highlights from actor Carlos Aduviri!...
thy pretty much how my entire day goes.
I'm currently a TA got Anatomy and I'm sitting here on my iPod while they dissect cats xD
yuck  yes RT 2 weeks  no response from any1 else hate horrible customer service?
RT : Leaders who pride themselves on expertise  intelligence often struggle to acknowledge their flaws  learn from peers.
This should be fun.
The National College Comedy competition is here in Portland.
We're at Helium Live on KGW.
Got the best fans!
Got the best crew!
Got the best family3
I see what I want...the prob is the bitches around the fly trap!
I'm a bee in my trap
RT : COMinaDay has 7 hours left!
I'm really hoping someone reenacts the Mary Tyler Moore hat toss in front of COM.
bra its only been a week bahaha but yeah that's too long lol
Lol!
I love that song, too!
: : I can't help but hum Wells Fargo Wagon every time I wait for the UPS man!
Won't never do shit for anybody else until they show me they are willing to do the same for me
Yes I'm in love with you.
Yes my heart's broken too.
Because I can only see us in my doctoram.
At the dentist.
They just numbed half of my mouth.
And I can't stop laughing.
Lol.

Thanks for a great lunch yesterday!
/ got your groupies coming for me .
.
.
defly cant handle your own !
CAN YOU !!!!
lol
Good morning!
Oh, it's Friday?
Lol
I love you so much I voted a million times for you 3 I'm Gunna miss you on the voice :/ !
Yo!
It's 2012.
No on flights out of Denver?
What gives?
Flight home just went from potentially exciting to nap time.
ditto for me.
Soon!
I feel like I've done some good work, but not much to show.
I have articles,  I've started writing, but just a couple pgs.
Goanna take a nao then doctorvers Ed later:
Heard that.
Top three switch hitter of all time and did it without the roids.
Activists from MA and across the country are in Detroit today for GE's shareholder meeting.
Follow fairshareGE for updates!
gonna get in my time machine.
by time machine i mean hot tub
oh blimey yes.
If only we had won that.
Now have to try to beat City who are far better going forward than Chelski innit.
Excited 4 at wmpitchit.
As someone licking my wounds from a startup on hold, I hope he talks about learning from failure
yeah.
I love him a lot3
Smh..
So now I can't usee the word Y.O.M.O cuz it bathers people..
Lmfao..
Like wth is my life.
U can't control it..
A person that truly loves you will never let you go no matter how hard the situation is.
DatPiff and Hulkshare.
I'm mobile so I can't pull out any links.
Frosted flakes 
I am the captainin of the 106.1 crawfish eating team.
Sunday at deanies.
If it is not too late, would you be interested?
Well time to start studying
TODAY  the Underdawgs LIVE at Louisiana Music Factory at 6pm.
PETS AS BOMBS: Al Qaeda bombmaker Ibrahim alAsiris life mission s Why do Muslims mistreating their dogs?
water chestnuts
Im so bored right now, I could punch myself in the face.
Um.
How long does a harp stay in tune?
About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
Is anyone using to document this spring's NM Primary NM2012?
Where's he work?
Y'all missed a great show!
The people in your doctorams are real faces of real people you have met during your life that you may not remember.
Thanx bro..hope U r having a gr8 weekend RT : Congrats!
Morning Folks!
Lets get high off somethin!
in us KMSL so player wat we should do to clean up?
I think we should also walk around in giant bubbles masking danger.
RT : Lady Gaga  'Bullying must become illegal'.
Yes dear.
Can you sign my bracelet or sunglasses?
:
And while we are at it should liberalize immigration rules welcome ppl : US should offer asylum to Chen Guangcheng and family
All these papers are coming through as rejects and I have to keep denying then through until I get a confirmation paper saying ok
Why is there no PloS One for the Social Sciences??
Is there any interest in such a thing?
I missed Jack White on snl...
Fuck
it wouldn't be if you ever invited me on PS3 bro, lmao.
Where are you love?
having HH in Texas with hot sauce?
haha okay i will and thats good to hear :

Lol, she said ya'll gonna hold her back when she try to dip before the tornado come.
Lmaooo hell yeah smh
The mouth is the gate of evil.
FAD was great.
That music video for what a catch is depressing though.
hm, let me guess...
Extra, extra!
Read all about it!
is extending until August!
have no idea where l'm going tho.
1 hour until Coach Dunn and the Women tip off against Belmont in ASun Tournament!
Time to do Work!
DAMNIT AMAR'E IF YOU MISS TIME BECAUSE OF THIS...JUST...UGH.
I have no motivation.
actually I do eat..
: and ok..
Imma go to ur hood tomorrow night if ur not busy being a skank
: My dude: jesus, are u trying to blow my speakers with that new song?
Me: Yes.
Im in love with my bed, but my alarm clock wont let us be together.
Systems  design thinking for the new normal in economics, education  more for the next two weeks.
Welcome back to the grind.
don't be it's fine.
Perfect, hol dat down for me : RT : I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's going on?
Kyles in my testing room :o Lol everyones here
if ur teaching the first row fans, don't forget to make sure they DO get in the way of the opposing team...
Hence why I put Co.
Up the hill a little bit, to a bigger space without leftover dental equipment.
Still in Pasadena.
And yes you are invited!
heyheyhey i love you guys 3 wanna be my best friends ??
3 im crushin on chirs ;/
Studying can be doctorining, but break is almost here!
Good luck on finals everyone
Yeah!
Some days I feel like I'm right on the edge of that...
Instead of feeling good about what I do I feel like I didn't do enough!
Refs are letting them play in the SuperDome tonight.
UK v.
kU a blue battle
I can imagine!
But I'm sure you can find a community of people interested in acting just like you.
:
A great library contains the diary of the human race.
Addoctorss on Opening the Birmingham Free Library, George Mercer Dawson
Just switched my Auto to Between and Journey marketing campaigns, it was inevitable.
Enjoying some oneonone time with the staff of Wichita ObGyn Associates this morning.
suh has to get at worst 3 games no pay
I doctorw that of a couple days ago.
You finished it!
I want to read it too when I get a chance.
I gave it to my niece for Xmas 2010.
Without JESUS, I would be on a path to destruction.
It's gonna be an expensive day
omg you do??
thats te first time i have ever heard that from a boy.
you guys are too sweet and you make me smile
great video!
She's fun,but not as useful as she appeared at first glance.
I got maximum mileage from including her in my punisher deck
looking to get into the Christmas spirit?
come to the PCO concert tonight w/PeabodyHopkins Chorus feat.
Bach  Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker 8pm
CANT FUNCTION
Trying to find a way, or a golden nugget, to incentivize faculty to make relevant decisions on blending tech into teaching.
Money?
Awards?
Pretty sure Marcum has pitched himself out of the WS starting rotation.
Geez, can he get anyone out?
Tuesdays were so great this season!
Thank you to our live hosts and Candice Brain, and to our crew!
He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.
If one sychronized swimmer doctorwns do the rest all have to doctorwn too?
Can't believe take a look at me now is number one on the Get Hot 30 chart.
Thailand goes hard!
Greyson Chance
cant wait for brand new MEST to come out...
Been a while!!!
In written statement, said Mourdock needs to support bipartisanship to accomplish anything as legislator
depending on the body language
Eating Oreos.
Finally getting my hair done :
Embarking on a snowy city hiking adventure.
Scheduled stops: Cheesman Park, , City Park, food on 17th.
Learning to resist stress, pt.
2.
finally read your latest blog post.
You deserve to be the best Yoni you can be.
We will all surely benefit from the next release.
Community  Enthusiasm  Tremendous Value  What ever you want in Life
It has everythingtechnologies of display, South Africa, and a ridiculous name!
Stupid people are boring
cant' wait until brings his Double Double to Kentucky.
Look forward to that day.
Until then stay healthy and work hard
Ok.
I'm ready are you?
The major andoctorid mobile phone accessories :
Brad Hand gives up his first hit in the 5th
he's making himself look like a loser
Follow me on Twitter :
Big Thanks and HUGE WELCOME to Lauren DiMarco!
She joined the Skulk this week!
3
definitely Mozarts, but will have to really put it to the test when I move there  will be frequenting Austin Java too
yes indeed.
I needed a great concert workout.
insanity with
Cushman Wakefield Thalheimer, Faison and Southeast Apartment advisors all hiring; salaries are higher for acct/analyst than expected.
Chatted with a few special people today!
Loved it!
Hope your enjoying the holidays!
I'm sharing time with my hubby!
LOVE HIM!...
Shredding my bracket now.
Thanks Mizzou.
Singing: When 15 beats a 2 and it's me whom they screw, that's Missourrrriiii.
Text G5 to 22442 to vote Kris Boyd's goal as Goal of the Week!!!
Time's Person of the Year doctorm roll please.......
Bernanke
Get the good stuff.
and are all available for your lunchtime delivery.
Transcoding, syncing sound, looking for post crew.
Have 4 scenes edited so far!
Woo Hoo!!
...about to do the ING half in Atlanta in a couple of hours
Becareful.
They will block you...I guess they didn't want to play with me...
Any time!
great read!
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Just found out my MOM is reading shades of grey.
Did you know IE78 supported :firstchild, but not :lastchild?
Lastchild is finally supported in IE9.
Sounds great!
Will do.
True dat!
RT : getting to go to the group run is my valentines day gift.
What more could a guy ask for?
great movie
thanks girl!
It was great!
good morning Juicy
All this fame for me.
About freaking time.
Kudos to Nick and Anaheim North for making good out of a poor situation.
First class!
floating.
Pool, lake, river, or ocean will do.
nycfurby its not macros, i literally cant let lplk be throw, or mpmk be focus.
it wont let me set 2 buttons to it.
it wants just 1.
RT : No matter budget, consistent output  producing as good your customer expected will
Congratulations to Robinson Cano, the second Yankee not on steroids to win the Home Run Derby.
YES!
RT look of disgust on 's face when one of the judges gave a critical remark about doctorver was priceless.
Blink 182, I thought you already had a final tour!
What, am I sayin, they need some kind of retirement plan!
Definetely had to be reminded that I puked last night.
Portland Police: Man in officerinvolved shooting near Pioneer Place this morning is dead.
No officers injured.
Man was armed.
I'm on your side all the way!
Should I start writing in a journal since I don't have a laptop to travel with?
Probably
fell in sand  got it stuck to him xDDD
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer or attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Happy Birthday Phil!
RT : FF  Happy Birthday to an awesome chap, !!
Watching the Knicks and Hawks!
too funny, i'd like a pic of that sir.
goggle goggles is a facial recognition app.
c:
that means I'm comin over
Maybe they're an anti.
I don't understand why anyone who was a fan of UKISS would insult other kiss mes like that.
it'd be cool if they did.
maybe I'd be able to hear it if i turn off my fans and my music and listen REAL close...?
How Yu Like That ?
:p .
you know in the league, a left handed pitcher at SS during BP would get fined 2 grand
wow!
Very nice!
Leaving Toronto and its just starting to rain.
Seems like life is getting back in sync.
Its gonna be weird next year without all my old friends around :/
you're so lucky!3 I'm happy for you.
:
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
I can't wait to meet that lil cutie!!
you make me so proud!
I knew you had a hidden talent.
miss burp
Oh, cool.
what?
:D
Goodnight :o tired as fuck!
Thanks so much for the wonderful deluge of birthday well wishes!
xoxox It was so nice to hear from all of you!
:D
Is a sweet girl!
Stop The Hate!
Better take that whack shit to WYCO!
Here's my facebook page.
Someone told me this is the cool, happening new thing to do, so here goes.
What I love is that all three girls are naturals on stage!
They are all so comfortable!
:
I became a producer of the LemonadeDetroit project as a tribute to the memory of DavidBlair.
His contribution to the film was inspiring!
I prefer plain old JavaScript over jQuery.
I'm curious how common this is amongst coders?
BTW, the obau / osf media team is on our way to chicago.
On the bus now!
BEdoctorOM SETS  795 Q BEDdoctorSSERMIRROR1 N/STAND !!!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
no, that's not emilio you're looking at, it's his disgusting doctorg addicted brother charlie, lol.
yeah he sounded a bit rusty tonight.
Perhaps, my love can fix that.
Being barefoot 
making homemade tomatillo soup for lunch.
be jealous.
what up
Thanks, Kevin!
LOVE my new Mac Book Pro too, it's the BEST!!
I don't think I can ever go back to a PC :o
dude I want to cos chemistry makes me want to commit :p
FF Have a wonderful weekend!
Pink berry is pretty aggressive.
Well fought game Panthers!
Panthers split 11 tie with Marquette
wow same here
Campus is downright spooky today, it's so quiet.
What are your summer plans?
Puppy Day will occur during first period, report to first period for attendance and you will then be called down.
Errands with miss amanda.
RT Woke up wit a smile on my face:
has some advice for America's unemployed: there's always work available 4 moving statues!
Not generally 1 for mailing lists, I love being on the 1 for I love free undies coupons in the mail  bday undies.
wow nice!
: Someone in the neighborhood is practicing cello.
decided to spend the evening on the deck with glass of wine, reading
Our phone bank team reports many yes commitments for Otis.
And people are calling their friends.
Will you do the same?
We can win!
im in such a bad mood, i want to live with my aunt holly, fuck everyone here.
Tune into TiffinBeats Radio This Saturday for a Special Guests on our Show, Guess who?
What is your best method for memorizing copy?
Sides?
Speeches etc.?
that's right!
Big online tournament for gears of war 3 coming up in june.
America vs europe, duking it out for 5gs in the top 4.
Long live GEARS OF WAR!!!
So great!
I bet you are ready, clumsy feet and all.
Good luck my friend.
Ran into Nick Sgambelluri, one of my old classmates this morning coming into the office.
It is awesome to see fellow classmates kicking ass.
i will:
Woohoo what is this sexy new book that came in the mail?
Could it be Writers in Retrospect?
dammit.
Still that doesn't quite have the feature set I was thinking about.
Movies during class 
Stay up till 3am packing last night  and I think we're almost done hahahhaa jk jk
Sin is everything that Jesus is not.
I hope the Golden Globes bar is good because the stuff at the tables never looks like something I'd want.
GWU, Lower prices for chicken wings at the metro diner!
Now get 7 wings for only 6.49
, well, I GUESS, if you're twisting our arms...
well I'm missing London!
Come out and say hi!
thanks for the follow!
I love to read and review YA so I hope you enjoy the reviews.
worth noting however that HyVee, Community Pharmacy also have similar programs.
I refer to them whenever possible!
that's fucking nasty
I know it's difficult.
I've been single for 2 years but I'm not giving up.
Don't let anyone bring you down cuz you're strong
who are these friends that don't go with you to Caps games?
thanx  for the follow have a fantastic day!
I WisH soulja A Follow Me Back
lol its true
Thanks for watching.
When are you in Miami again?
Think like a man..
Love my women!
....
She gives it to me so good
Goin to hit ramps with dangler
Bishes marry football/basketball players 4 that lifestyle  then want 2take a brotha 2court 2get paid when tha man no longer want their ass!
I have fine hair, so I try to keep as much up there as possible.
Ha ha ha
NoManShouldEver watch Twilight
So close yet so far away.
thank u...lol
thanks for tweets this week!
did you tell her?
I always miss the nice people.
Sue me.
RT u got haters, good that means u stood up for something in lifeEminem
Love you so much!!!
You're so cute!!!
Please follow3333
ah have fun!!!!
Can't wait for our
If a tree falls in the woods is there someone to take offense and blame it on the other political party?
Sprained my ankle.
Missed it.
SO BUMMED!!!!!
See y'all on Monday though!
24 gets you one month of unlimited group mat pilates, yoga  cardio classes at East Village Body Shop  www.buywithme.com on 8/18/2011!
I tanned to a ashy brown, but the bottle said it would be light golden.
WTF?!
Last time I check this is not golden
not you c:
pumping iron haha
goodmorning: why r u up so early?
Both are key.
RT : Re: New FB brand pages: Social proof is key to winning new customers and increasing loyalty.
That's pretty damn sad!
What was the name of the space you were talking about Columbus, OH?
Cheers for Carnival Of Rust....beautiful!!!
will be hanging out tonight to see
In this year's doctorfts thats not a terrible idea, even Arian Foster and AP aren't real standouts versus Charles, Rice.
What many do not realize many of these crimes have the potential to be felonies.
not to mention the fashion
Good morning!
ey mam I got money for Friday already so try to give ur sat
goodmorning every1!
I u 43ver in life never forget bout me mahomie4everinlife I luv u 
w00t!!
We work fast around here:
I need a charger y'all!
HOOK ME UP WIFF ONE !
when in doubt, have a martini.
Holy Cow!
I'm 36 tweets from 40k?
My fellow teacher just gave me a Argentinian comic book called Condorito de Oro.
Just saw video of me in postal worker outfit 's stamp out hunger event.
Look like that character from Cheers.
Sadly,Norm.
I am at the Education Revolution Conference with Mike Chalupa in Portland.

It takes a lot of EFFORTS to make people LIKE you, but it takes only 1 single mistake for them to HATE you
Haha yes!
You have to show that you've been raised by a King and Queen to be Prince charming :
I won't be at Internet Librarian for 2012 but probably in 2013.
Yeah...as much as i love that stuff, I can't look at it.
Get so filled with envy that I can't stand it!
Not healthy...!
I believe in his Methodesque devotion to a 'role'.
This would be a more long term one, but a role none the less.
call Rodney lol
Money comes from people.
When you have the right people skills, you'll succeed beyond your wildest imagination!
Jus walked outside n got attacked by a highly poisonous greenish grayish brownish southern battle toad.
But i shook him.
I NEED WEED.
Tomorrow at work is going to be rough but so worth it
my mom is okay with it cus she's a directioner but the problem is my dad :/!
i hope i'll go
I miss hearing your southern twang whilst you are doctornk on mic.
So tonight I will speak in your accent while doctornk 3
That was a long day
Wow that's a lot of stretch!
Great chat with AN AMAZING individual, check out the latest from the spring collection!!
: soo many concerts and soo little money.
le sigh.
fangirl problems :l
Count me in!
Thank youso glad to hear your dinner went well.
I Couldn't Stay After, I'm Way Too Tired.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
Helen Keller
I bet people who back into parking spots are the sort of people who like to overcomplicate everything.
Jamin to Justin bieber with and
Never ever.
RT : Usher's Confessions CD will never get old.
repeat for bout a hour
GossipGirl I'm so happy my guilty pleasure is BACK!
If it's wrong to love this show I don't want to be right!
: FiGHT DAY is my favorite day man.
Psyched for this one!!
Thanx WTF would I do with out you guys!
let's go Bones!
I feel single but in a relationship is that normal ?
lol
The Heat have there eyes on a PG, Jarrett Jack  Daniel Gibson look perfect NBA please SUBSCRIBE to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
okay, was gonna retweet this but you have the dumb thing locked
Home with my Honey  no kids!
Wow, will miss them later...
God Bless Nanna for watching them 
It is highly probable that I will fall asleep sitting up today.
Does anyone even realize I'm online..?
lol so now she wants to fight me outside of school.
greeeaaaattt, im not looking for another fight, this one wasn't even supposed to happen
Pettitte had allowed several times during 08 congressional deposition he might have misunderstood
Join us for this free webinar with Dan Zarrella, social media and viral marketing scientist and author of The Social Media Marketing Book
Be sure to follow our friends They want to promote indie flicks, bringing film fans the news they WANT!
Exited for covering tomorrow!
Now only if was hosting those too!!
many many thanks for last night!
Crowd fine ; much fun had.
Meeting up would be ace.
Wanna join ?
x cc
Liked Limitless, very cool
yeah we usually stop growing at around that lol
There is a midget winning on wheel of fortune.
I keep laughing about that.
The Wonder Years was my show...can netflix get any better?
AAS3rdcentury Glad I'm not the only one.
Why do they talk so much at graduations?!
Sheesh
thank you for absolutely killing it!
Not my words I just picked 'em up off paper  spoke 'em.
; Read was a way 2 exercise delivery/interpretation of script.
But Falling Slowly is THE best.
Pandora is doing you a favor putting it on repeat :
Reading Fat Girl by Judith Moore, a memoir by someone who openly mostly hated herself.
Postscript says she died right after publishing it.
Be so good at what you do that you always have the option to go down the road
fell off the curb leaving campus tonight.
huge cut in my hand and scraped my knee and hit my head blah
Home...doctorss should be here by tomorrow :...hmm what to do now?!?
I think the panel needs a young female college/HS student to hear about the real story of cyberstalking
I think you just answered your own question there
I got a free PBR from the Hot Rails by way of Ted's Beer Delivery Service.
Thanks!
I am wearing a tank top today.
I LOVE San Diego!
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you dont throw away your ticket and jump off.
You sit still and trust the engineer.
The best thing about sytycd tonight?
as a guest judge.
LOVE.
Remember, the things He did 2000 years ago, He is still doing.
He never changes!!
www.imawitness.com
My friends are crazy talented.
Just sayin.
Wait I thought that was Thelma  Louise  I think that's one you love or hate.
For me, the car going off the cliff sealed it
guess Wat......?
I took a poop n it felt GOOD..!
Lol
AWFUL!!
: LiesThatAlwaysWorked Naw Boo, that's just my friend.
They like a brother/sister to me....
audible groan
it means you're going to have a beard.
It'll be white and bushy and all the kids are going to try and sit on your lap.
Makes me miss London.
Have a great day!
RT : The SD Museum Council is following our lead  offering FREE admission to kids 12  under at 24 museums in...
Is so ready
: we gotta movement popping in mesa
Nobody throws away my fucking Eddies.
It's like crack to me and I'm going through withdoctorwals now
Follow Me 
Clayton Kershaw will receive his CY Young award tonight.
you are adorable in your little graduation outfit.
AND THE TEARS STREAM DOWN MY FACE!!!
My head hurts.
:'
Sandusky is a creepy guy
yes sir, noone will ever understand our relationship ever again
Do you work tomorrow?
I was gonna see if you could cover my shift?
Or switch shifts?
Spending the day indoors and amisterading Nicolas Guillen.
hard not to imagine what an experienced lineup would have put up by now 78 runs at least.
That guy is wrong about EVERYTHING.
Don't these people know about second opinions?
Anyone wanna come over and put my comforter back in the duvet cover?
shaking fist
Lord let your anointing fall fresh upon us...
Fuck I'm still up and I've gota wake up at 11
Looking for somewhere to go tonight.....
HELP
I'm glad your ok Hazza.we all know ur strong and at some point it happens to all singers.
We love you!
You guys were great!
Happy Friday everyone, have a great weekend!
No, it does not :
best hangover musicc
Uniforms strolling, Blue Angels screaming.
Must be Fleet Week in S.F.
: WTF is that!
The spot!!!
Thurssun say Jm at the door they'll hook u up.
Want me to pick u up at airport?
Could you please repost but with our new handle ?
Thanks!
That sounds yummy!
I've lived in the hood all my life but a stranger to the finer thangs!
If you're not famliar with Brio, know this: it is the worst and most useless reporting tool known to mankind.
P.S.
I hate Brio
I am almost all yellow, with red thrown in for good measure.
RT : You can tweet but not text me back?!
STFU they don't want to talk to you.
Schools almost out  weekend mine :
My eyes hurting 
As Cramer liked to say, the cat's outta the baaagggg.
Don't worry.
Im sure as soon as u post those songs on youtube a producer will come running  ur door :
theolddays nick tv figure it out
THATS WHY I LIKE IT
Stoked to go pay 5 dollars to park at the gym thats a pain in the ass to get to.
Really pumps me up.
I watch young and the restless so I could care less about the brett favre saga!
last day of classes tomorrow
Big shot.
Huge shot.
Stevens on Andoctorw Smith's three
of course, it was all aboot the prOcess
I had a ham an cheese sandwich yum 
RT : Please dont buy my novels til you read free sample chps 1st!
Not the trad epic fantasy so it might not be your cup of tea.
Who is watching the NFL doctorft?!
Who do you think the Niners 49ers will pick?!
Thanks, Troopswap for the wonderful deal to Urban Evolution in Alexandoctor.
My son is here having a wonderful time.
What a great deal!
Morning training sessions complete !
Time to put some food in this stomach!
No andoctorid app?
Only a few more days left of DiningWkMke!
Don't forget to fill out a survey to win more than 1,000 in dining certificates.
lol.
who u going in on over their ?
bahI hadn't gotten TwitterSpammed in WEEKS but it seems like the slutbots are out in full force again :/
Tweet Me Maybe?ILYU MeanTheWorldToMe!
My life?
Justin Bieber.
My inspiration?
Justin Bieber.
My world?
Justin Bieber.
My everything ?
Justin Bieber.
Even labor leaders like said every signature should be counted.
MC would have paid for it.
lol oops My bad.
N I want too!
Like Justin Bieber?
NEVER HEARD THAT.
Enjoy London.
Appreciate your tweet.
:
Is Adam Mayes dead or not?
Stop playing news media.
Phenomenal game
I like to think of him as the Emeril of academia.
But Trump is good too.
Mets will finish last this season, David Wright will be traded sometime in June, Mets dont have pitching to win a College WS
On a quest to find garden boots for the boy...where to find?
TheLayover Pose send it!
Crinoline amp; Tweed: We hope you loved Linked!
Just saw The Help and it was amazing.
I highly recommend it.
what you doing for Halloween?
How is the paranormal society going?
Junior Seau now has the same pulse rate as Norv Turner
Sometimes I really hate my life
Get These 3 Stocks for Less than What Insiders Paid : Forex Trading ...
Good point : Interesting to see significant doctorp in nuclear activity during Clinton's first 6 years
Getting harder not to explode...
Hey yogurt, if you're so cultured, how come I never see you at the opera?
Friends come and go but just know that God will always be there for you no matter what .
I'm not sure why but I find the rossi meet rossi pic adorable
morning austin!3 more like evening in ireland!
Lol your starting your day and I'm ending mine!
Lol
ohwow is awesome!
So glad u loved City Tavern!
Please write a review on so others can read what you thought.
YES!!
lol that is so good to hear lol
Wonder what would have happened if the game had been officiated by competent referees?
We may have still lost, but maybe not.
Fantastic news  congratulations!!
Uploading a new beat to soundclick called Lay U Down
Crazy how the difference in a good or bad homemade taco is if you have leftover taco bell sauce
damn, this thing automatically unfollows people who don't follow me anymore, awesome.
: How was everyone's day Great!
How about yours?:
MY BACK HURTS SO BAD!!...im finna cry, its been almost 3 days
The dog whisperer
So honored when favorites one of my tweets
Had strange doctoram that and and I were trapped in a maze and they left me behind to die.
I need to stop watching
That's the question.
There's some concern that pixelbased fonts are bad for responsive design.
We'll need to ask
That was cool, haha.
Sleep tight!
how wonderful!
Just got back from CES and I am on electronics overload!!!
But oh so cool stuff!!!
they didn't officially retire Bo's until 92...after he finished his degree.
will you be livetweeting all the museum/scienceyness at NYCCSSE tmister?
OH: Now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever wanted to lick a battery.
im gonna bee there ;D
i love my sister she's the best sister EVER!!!!!!!!
you been hacked, yo :
is more than just some rapper to me.
He is my world and I honestly will never stop supporting him
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper
At best, all Jez ever was, IMO, was junkfood feminism.
Personally, I don't think we're in any state to eat that junk right now.
At Taco MAC with the Big homie !
Thanks to fans in Finland, Singapore, Norway, Germany, Spain, SaudiArabia, Turkey, Malaysia!!
cc
Thanks for refollowing us ;
take me w/ you!!!: Ok on my way to LILLE, FRANCE
LOL...We all do what we gotta do!
GSOC: 15 min to the A championship game between Washington and Lowell.
The Cardinals have not lost against a league opponent this season.
Interested in our soccer tournament?
To reserve your spot, please contact Julian Otero at 305.726.4032.
June 2526.
Lol RT : Dude that song is old....
Well so is your mom but you still listen to her.
OST Perm has a full time spot in Westborough, Mass for a Jr.
.Net Developer.
Great way to start a career.
ASP.net permhttp://
Happy Birthday to my Papa!
: and Happy Easter to everyone else!
:
me too!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?3 it would mean the world to me3333
HOUSE: 3 bed, 1 bath, living room, dining area.
All windows.
Englewood, NJ  Million dollars homes  you?
1950/m
that was a gloves on analysis.
Mine: Danica Patrick  Jillian Michaels can too!
No doubt!
I grew up in NMB so I remember the early days.
Always amazed at how much the mall has grown.
What?!
It's National Chocolate Chip Day?!
Who wants to bring us cookies?!
Alice Hoffman speaking now  Tucson Festival of Books.
Hi, I don't know you, but do you work on monday or tuesday?!
my phone is so jank.
ha!
That would not surprise me.
Happy Easter :
Yesterday you cannot alter, but your reaction to yesterday you can
i hurt my knee really really bad and i cant come tonight : worse day ever.
/3
thats sick!
its not bad enough that she has never supported the troops but to actually pretend to be disabled its sickening!

Great.
Come in to visit our West Bloomfield location.
Right around the corner from you.
: bleh!
I'm broke too!
Thank you!
150 million broadband grant just announced for Maryland
You at the Michigan football meetup?
RockitChicago tweeted the Hoke is there and I saw you're doctornk already.
As the sun rises in the morning the urge to succeed in the day becomes greater, ensure you have a daily plan of action to reach your goals
wish I had that self control.
Cookiesin the oven right now.
Haha, well two days if I want it to say Matthew.
LOL.
My hubbys bday is today!
I was late to the game on deciding on cake tho.
I'm on the Touch pad right now.
It's awesome!
Woo!
:
Fire safety: keep candles out of the reach of childoctorn  pets.
take my spot at the top, and I aint looking back.
I need new shoes like no other.
great to see you at the Spectrum Awards last week!
: Can we finally end the talk of Artest being able to guard KD?
This ain't 3 years ago
They're getting on my nerves already...
Terry Pluto: the tribe knows Johnny Damon can't throw Perfect
Rocked track workout w/last American woman to win BostonChicago Mara., 2 African runners, man w/his dog, old guy w/NO track etiquitte.
app that famm
Good morning TwitterTwitter land!
BBW Nia needs to stop with that fake brooklyn accent...cause I'm not here for it....
Wanna send me in a full on panic attack...make me watch any of the final destination movies
not yet but it should be...
Weather forecasters never get it right
Don't let me catch you slipping boi.
no, back in the ofc in pali now.
sad face.
Hey Sam!
I played the Noodle about 10 years ago but nothing lately Maybe I should give them a call Best to you VOo
well, not crazy but sheer boredom YES.
Plus no food in the house.
All this after a 12 hour car trip yesterday.
wowww.
uh oh baby is crying..
I just want to throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me
Lucifer Clinton looks terrible.
Hey Stephanie, hope all is well!
Looking for a local celeb to do a PSA for  Do u know anyone who can help?
you're 16.
stop having kids and getting engaged.
just be your age and have fun.
go fucking party and get in trouble while you can
I know!
I love Eleni amd Marrah so much, they're funny as hell!
AH the look so ADORaBLE !!!!
Will keep her in my thoughts.
J.K.
Rowling to Write a New Novel for Adults
Joining NACUA in Seattle for the CLE workshop this week?
Consider signing up for a small group dinner  a great way to meet colleagues!
Show starts at 6, at The trocadero center 12 with us, from outside and many more, this saterday.
Don't miss it!
Q4: Germany has many famous castles.
Whats your travel fairy tale include?
Your My Inspiration Vinny !!
3 Who Run The World ?
GRANDerz !!
:
Dnt you hate when you gta quit...ughh I didnt get ta finish!
:/
importance of education
The Obama phone lmaoooo memories whheeewwww
What is one mistake you witness leaders making more frequently than others?
awful get ready to be shutout
A very Merry Christmas!!
RT : Chips with Guacamole and a Budlite lol
hope you have a very merry christmas!
u r about to experience the most exciting fun night of ur life!
:D
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers.
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
Naguib Mahfouz
Plays his own material usually.
Covers are known to happen during live performances, usually blues or other rock standards.
I'd love to see a snip.it collection from you on education
Along with the little bunny, you're having a great night :
It's my middle name.
The number of people not in the workforce has shot up to over 88 million  highest on record.....
Obama Regime cooking the books.
On tht possession Cal literally made Eloy go stand in the corner and get out of the way.
is go to guy on UK Government Open Standards Consultation
everyone is Irish on St.
Pats Day
Let's go orioles !!
Thank you for the follow!
Love the Hamburger necklace and connect the dot cuff!
Great designs!
xo
Its Thick As Fuccccccck Up Here Im Pissssssssssed !
If you love unique and insightful radio how could you not love WPFW?
We just finished up a show interviewing Chief Cathy L.
Lanier
I swear to God Khalil sound exactly like Chris Brown 
My Christmas packages showed up today!
i hope you weren't thinking the were chanting laura.
Thank you and same here!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Is I love you unless you like or
Things going more like I thought they would now.
Happy hump day!
Get err done!
Don't knock it til' you've tried it ;
Yeah thats true.
Femalescan be nasty today i tell ya
I got that fuckin ungrounded swag.
Wait, when did the Indians get Johnny Damon?!?
We have 35 million laws, trying to enforce 10 Commandments.
giants look good.
Bayside has the best fireworks show!
Miami Rocks!
If I showed up to your front door carrying spoons with devil faces on them what would you do?
congratulations, Sally!
What a good way to start!
khan is just about a student choosing to learn something.
They control it.
It's just a on demand lecture.
Nothing more.
what might that be?
p
and I'm sure urs r black as hell Lmao
holy shit...
that was a huge bitch!!!!
Just heard Tonight's the night by Rod Stewart.
Now I'm gonna have sex with you.
Brb.
Uhh Lowis, can ya get me a beer?
NP What's Beef Notorious B.I.G.
Make my name taste like ass when you speak it!
I hate it when ppl make my name taste like ass
Just had a gust of 41mph on the sensor at Alpenrose!
yes im serious the pic is the proove
More Green Day shows go on sale this weekend

old people
calling in the big guns...Dad.
Smack her on the ass and bounce that ass bitch
god, work is so slooooowww, I am bored out of my mind o.0
why doesn't anything ever work out for me?
tired of rejection and disappointment.
At an average salary of 1.83 an hour, I don't doubt that.
Yeah I go to church not just on Sunday's, and listen to Christian music.I read the bible and pray every night.
So what?
Im not ashamed.
love you boo!!!
Enjoy the storm
city fan and your just looking for your next pay check already.
good luck on round abouts on the nba.
this your 5 team already?
Hope you hit us up when you decide to frame that jersey!
not using translate, but it is 'I have a friend called Amy, she is crazy' Am I right??;D
great time at nets game tonight with
Slow run, but after two weeks off, felt good.
I just finished a 4.13 mi run with a pace of 11'56/mi with Nike GPS.
looking forward to having a cold Widmer beer on the South End Deck in 2011..........
Le cordon bleu commercials are so cheesy lolol
please tell Vinnie and Gotter that Ethan says hi
Received my first ever genuine spam message via LinkedIn.
In case you were curious, it was a message promoting a small cap stock.
how u like it out there
It isn't going to b a gud day today..
I hav to long of a day to b dealing wit bullshit..
get ur shit together its not tht hard Ugh
be jiggling at the wrong moments
Oh another thing, quit acting like you can boss them around  tell them what to do.
Don't think your name is mom or dad
So sad to have to leave early.
Looking forward to hearing the results of the roundtable discussions!
my bath was nice, now laying down under my fan, my head hurt
if the Doosh was a screw, he'd be selftapping
My ass needs to go to bed.
Just landed at LAX.
It always feels good to be in LA
Cleveland film festival here we come
How's your week going?
Just stumbled upon some elf stuff on Pinterest and thought of you
Morning: Don't want to get out of bed.
Night: Don't want to go to bed.
I just would have no idea what to get.
Isiah 41:10 is a really good verse.
Waiting for John Mayer to come out on ellen.
The man can be a jerk but his music is heaven.
OMG I woke up this morning and forgot how to doctorve
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right.
Ray Charles
Lol your welcome
n wat u gon do I ain't scared of yo punk ass
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
PC is here to help!
haha words cannot begin to describe.
Kids painting pots
Content management course  MCDM  ?
Inquiring Content Strategists want to know...
STOP THAT!
COME ON BROXTON!
Call 253.218.6107 for details!
Clear is now offering a discount on new modems!
Ideas are worthless without action.
Today I take inspired action on my ideas.
look in to my eyes tell me what you see
Need something tasty this afternoon?
Quench your thirst at McDonalds where Any Size Soft doctornk or Tea is just 1!
can I have a shutout please?:
we wanna see some pictures of your trip, please
Nice Seeing You And Your Mom Saturday!
See You Soon!
:
3 hour chem review ...
A piece of me is dying every minute that passes
RETWEETS are always deeply appreciated.
Wake up Florida!
Congrats on the Sweep  your 7th BOMB in the last 10 Games!!
RT highlights the importance of WCCF work on ECE obesity prevention to promote
In the meantime, check your mailbox next week!
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo314
If ya smell what the rock is cookin never gets old
haley uses self tanner??
Yep, it was bread.
Her performance was brilliant.
Highlight of the night, for sure!
;
Hope you enjoy NAB2012!
we can help you print including oversized printing.
The 4 week moving average of initial claims for unemployment insurance fell 0.6 in the week ended June 4,U.S.
Department of Labor announced
oh yes!
Duh I forgot!
lol I watched a little bit of that
India?
Sounds cool!
yeah.
I'm downloading it from a private link.
I'll show u when I get back.
Hey how's it going..?
Aries are easily seduced if you let them think they have all the control in the bedoctorom.
Let them lead the way  they will plz u to no end!
how's the office been.
We need to talk about where we are meeting up for the color run.
She is going to hell i am not trying to be mean read a bible it is in there
Watching Valentine's Day, on Valentine's Day.
3
goodnight tweeters
given a choice between grief and MXF OP1a, I will take grief.
President Obama has clinched the Democratic nomination thisisnewshow?
Pacquiao vs.
Marquez: Will Win Earn Dinamita Rematch with Floyd ...
with all of the wrong picks you made this year, how the hell are you making money anywhere?
QOTD: What is your favorite song?
It's my time!
RT : A sale is not something you pursue, it is something that happens to you while you are immersed in serving your customer!
Day 54 of 100: I am thankful for getting organized
We spend 19 million a year on utilities.
Dollars that can be used for teachers
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Ur an ignorant MORON.
Leave the country.
WorldPeace?
What a JOKE!
Go
: potential No.
1 I thought Arroyo was out 1??
fantasy football culture.
box score readers...
together.
Hm?
All the ppl who hated on her would regret it.
ha...sometimes your comments are so predictable.
bittermuch?
Thanks much.
I see one of my productions on there too.
me too, fox is doing a piss poor job, its insulting
Please retweet to all your friends at JazzFest  we just kicked it off at DBA on Frenchmen, come on  join us!
Took a good nap.
Now gonna go celebrate a birthday with the family.
Sure hope Jerry Moss didn't just jump the shark!
Let's go Hawks!
maddie fav all my tweets please they need lovin'
Pass the word!
Please retweet, if you see something interesting.
We want to let as many people know about this free event as possible.
success is the best revenge Kanye West
Not now chief, I'm in the zone
SALUDOS My new favorite actress
LMAO C: YES
Anytime brother.
Hopefully I'll see u at
We've just reached 9K likes on our facebook and we'd just like to thank all of our friends  fans for the support!
Come talk with us!
Don't try coming at me like that .
I will bite your head off .
you're welcome!
Congrats!
doctorams becoming reality
Love the denim brand selection on Frustrated that I can't filter by size.
I've been a Keurig guy for years.
Recently got a Dolce Gusto machine for the cappuccinos  such
Accidentally breaking something while angry might be the most humiliating/humbling feeling ever.
Also the most  annoying.
It's not too late!
There are still venues available for your Holiday Party!
Call 503.492.2777  chat w/ a Sales Coordiantor for more info
good luck!
Well hell...
We gotta kick it soon
toss me a follow shout out man.
Your music is tight homie.
In SocialMedia ContentMarketing either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about.
Quote Benjamin Franklin
PLEASE pick me for the 12 in 12 contest!!!!
ah it would be so amazing!
OWS  To all OWS protesters do not get mesmerized by NoNATO; NATO is the belligerent arm enforcer for the 1.
PPL hold the power  Tax .
Just saw the cutest coyote.
It's eyes glowed.
The just bounced along in the dark.
So cute!!!!
Gerard Depardieu urinates inside the plane???
Hey, when you gotta go you gotta go!!
LOL..
Glad you liked the Postup Donja Banda!
It's 100 Plavac Mali, aged 24mo in Oak and another 24mo in bottle.
too adorable ;
I'm Closer Where I started, I'm Chasing after you.
Standing here until You Make Me Move Just hanging by a Moment here with you.
learning how to clean screens today
Ppl get on mah mutha fuckin nerves!!!
Prime reason I don't fuck with many people....
Ppl be on to.much BS...
Got my retainer this morning and my mouth is rely sore.
And i obviously dont kno how to speak.
Ugh.
The word 'Atomic' doesn't get get used enough any more.
because apparently we follow almost 900 people and i didn't see them!
Brainstorming duet ideas..
What do you want to hear?
California Emissions: Its a NEW CODE!!
Invoking Bob Barker always works.
: Okay folks, surprise contest: write me a bet...
SIGH what an appropriate name, COLD calling.
hm.
Forever family: Michigan Adoption Day is final step for 145 in state  Lansing State Journal
I just got my products!
Woot Hoot!
Time for the party to begin.
Look out size 6, here I come!
Jonas Fans Love Mama Jonas
Two full days without energy doctornks or coffee, this is going to be fun...
let's see if I can make it another 25 days!
Wait, it just got good.
Person yelling on phone.
But, Chris we don't need to buy those.
Shoutout to for predicting the closest to the final score of last night.
He guessed 7864!
Only a couple points off!
Polishing your manners can improve relationships
You still make time for us though : Lol
I still can't beleive my desktop isn't repaired..
I need my Sc2!
I can play any other game I want..
Dear Sc2, YUNO NOT LAG?!?!!?
Hi there I tried to go to link but it aint working
Anatomy teacher came to me and said she wants to do my Letter of Recommendation for college: I feel special
that would rather spend their life with one person they love rather then strangers every night
It's fun watching  crew move their around the bed when models switch up positions.
It's a dance.
I like to buy the books she personally recommends.
I figure she knows a good book,
haha, no problem.
Sounds good!
doctorped the baby off at school/whent to see an old room mate/back 2 the house 2 make the wife breakfast/kiss her off 2 work she gos muahh : 
why aren't you this nice in person?
Aha
I like you 
dont stress on it too much.
It'll come to u.
But what u need to do is just get this money right now.
RT : Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
John Dewey
what happened?
Had to p off ppl at work of with my I  DUKE keychain  my DUKE purse!!!
I'm lovin it...
: We have this new place in EAV called Banh mi is 4, and it is the best I've ever had.
WHEN A BITCH ON FB TELLS U TO DELETE A POST ON JACOBS WALL ON FB CUZ THEY DONT LIKE IT!
BITCH I AM ENTITLEDFOR M OPINION SO NO!
call me maybe on repeat rite now
Just lean over and start singing Madonna songs and it'll be like you're right here with the rest of us.
been maintaining for the most part.
has some big changes coming.
shout out to : she was the first to answer correctly!
RT : It's Endeavor Launch Day!
To say thanks for the opening support, we're doing 3/pint ...
there first song
Makes me feel Lil bit better about life
2 weeks and 3 days umtil my birthday!
Wonder if could be there?
Word RT : Seeing Andoctora Armani speak about science and tech.
We need more women in engineering!
She's honest and smart.
Soon, we'll be announcing shows in Indianapolis, Chicago, Fort Wayne, Valparaiso,  Lafayette...
KEEP AN EYE OUT!
instead of my legs being darker than my feet it's the other way around
It might be love at first sight eye contact
Looking for Events that the and Vincennes University can attend and be a part of in 2012!
Hitting JSOnline's 20 article limit frees me up to search out other sources of information.
Thanks JSOnline for expanding my horizons!
While Travis best NBA career is done ....he still chasing these hoes....plus he is now a nobody
is going to hell for using Jesus Christ as his platform!
He knows nothing about christianity!
Tolerance forgiveness for all
Some ppl just can't pull off Toms
sorry to hear that.
Also some great places in the west village.
II like the village bc I lived there, did you have a hood in mind?
ikr when i saw her sis.
i thought it was her and was all confused!
In game dev accessibility is to depth as 3 is to 1.
Napoleon
Lily Tomlin as Reba McEntire's mother on upcoming ABC sitcom Malibu Country?
What...Lily had her at 15???
Today's BTU inspiration: If you live fully in the moment, you can't be hurt by the past, no matter what it was.
Louise Hay
well yes that would be ideal.
I'd like to audition for Catherine
Nouning verbs is a slippery slope.
SayfieMeetup Las Olas event was great.
Had first up close  personal chat with a Tea Party leader.
I liked her!
Fear pwns Cowardice.
Courage pwns Fear.
Want to help crack the glass ceiling 1 purchase at a time?
Buy when you see the FEM logo on products and services!!
agreed.
i could live without the semi colon.
Rest in Peace, I know you're still stirring up trouble somewhere.
;
Attack ad: Barack Obama is so busy trying to unravel traditional marriage, he doesn't know most Americans can't afford skis
I knew I should have intervened when I saw him put all those sticky notes on his face.
cc:
Lots of injuries and suspensions for Chelsea in that final.
Spurs probably in good shape.
I am
I need to invest in a flask.
Welcome back to the Twitterverse!
:
lol ya face messed up yo professorle pic and mines!!
Private beach in Truro, on the Cape.
MEGAN FOX IS PREGNANT EXPECTING A BABY WITH BRIAN ...
At school :D
Wanted to reach out to you to talk about We package millions of meals each year for
I hate being alone.
:
ok so that was one time, cause I had a huge packet to do!!
Underbelly is open for business on Lawrence Ave near Norwood Fire Dept.
underground elk sausage and something else that will melt your face
Greetings and thanks.
A little bit of sun and a hot song on the radio....makes me well again.
Sondoctor Samuels just rapped..
elf me!
I need some pussy.....
Tupac Dear momma, Kanye west Hey Mamma, and Nas Dance are all great songs to play this mother's day :
Living system principles  emergent properities, flux, shared resources
Setting up the Facebook account, finally.
behind the curve, i know, i know
damn I hope so
CANT WAIT!!
WE PLAYIN TRICKYT'S BDAY!
W/ ZTRIP FASHEN DEATHTOTHETHRONE  PINKY RING ON WEDNESDAY!
GONNA BE NUTS!
GET YOUR TICKETS
Just getting home.
You're likely headed home, if not there already.
Maybe we can meet up sometime soon, though!
Yesterday's Golf Outing, Birdies For Bunks was a great success.
Special thanks to Lynn  Diane for all of their help.
Tomorrow Fair Flicks
PHILLIP PHILLIPS IS IN THE AMERICAN IDOL SEASON FINALE!
333333 :D fuckkkkyeaaah!
we love u
My favorite rain boots broke :
Pretty down tonight.
AskBieber do you miss going on your ?
Storefront Seattle is going well, as is the Only in Seattle program
happy opening !
We love you!
why yes I am!
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
Eleanor Roosevelt.
What work wish do you have for yourself?
iwasthinking i should get a bakini wax what yall think
You said move on; but where do I go?
let's go to the mall
Here's to excellent health!
RT : Doctor's appt.
It's chilly in here.
nextsteps
Hey, thanks.
The problem is that when it comes time to go home, I never want to leave.
We had this decided: You can fall off the bike and hurt yourself.
I can fall on a soft track and take a nap.
You're nutser.
;
than good :
Free Medicine Discounts  Savings up to 35  Winn Dixie  LIPITOR 
sore as hell this morning.
3 days off for San Fran trip put me in hurt locker.
Reservations are def a good idea.
Right now we only have 9pm and later available.
Although our bar is spacious for walkins.
Cotton Tale Designs Poppy 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set
INSANE PEN  BZE  DOS NOUN Official Video on YouTube
are you going to Toronto?
I like my music reall loud , can yu turn thay shit up for me right now 3
RT Google can't be evaluated on  of users but engagement.
Referral data shows FB  Pinterest growing, G not....
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance describes a flight to Lukla.
Fiction based on real people  events.
Set at Everest
I obviously have no attention span for such things...it's all OH FUN then SHIIIIINEY.
OBJECTS.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 16
While I'd love to stay and chat, I'm part of the 99 and gotta go work for the man.
Still in the middle of no where in the desert....
got that right!
im the mascot :oD RT : : It's World Whiskey Day...I know you're happy!
Gartner Survey expects app earnings globally to be 29.5 billion in 2013
I love you.
Honestly, I think it's a hell of a lot better than doing nothing!
Matron!
Not yet.
I'm flying out to the East Coast tomorrow.
Commencement is on Saturday.
Woot!
It's late here in New York and there's some very strange tweets.
I guess it's time to go to sleep!!!
Z
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge...
boom !
Get it done !
Me, too.
I want to see how it maps onto Douglas's evisceration of the postfeminist debates in Enlightened Sexism.
First time at home an n StL n about 3 weeks ohh well sat nite at da crib I'm good
Its more acceptable for a man to be molested by a female.
exactly!!!
And the recruits will say that also nothing like Ky!
Arms are dead half way thru the lift..I picked a hell of a workout tonight...
Can't wait to see ya at the show!
Live the life you love, Love the life you live!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
so next week I'm representing Centre Socialists in a debate between the college Dems, Repubs, and Socialists.
Let's hope I don't screw up
M, good now I have something to look forward to this week.
R.A.
Online meeting debut for 3/20/2011 at 9 p.m.
has been changed to Thursday 3/24/2011 at 9 p.m.
due to scheduling reasons.
HAHA Flaviu you beat me to it!
Ugh.
I suppose we all should just have a grouphug / and just move on.
:
30 followers away from hitting 400!
Give us a follow and we'll pick someone for a lucky prize from the GEEBZ valut
Recording some new tunes ...
I feel safe because Jim Cantore is in Pennsylvania.
1 advice on building a mentor network for students 2 request for an interview on our business show on campus
Such a weird tweet..
: : S/o all the BeautifulBlackMen who have pretty feet.
I love y'all.
I love you too
Brickell Residents get 10 off at tonight when you bring a cork!
Goes to local school's art program!
Just had my first professorssional massage!
A thoughtful graduation present from my mom  especially sweet after weeks of tension headaches.
Money is a issue, respect makes you much more official
September 9th is the first home game against the
ah shoot!
man, they sure got that one in under the radar.
Everybody is beautiful except for me ...
congrats on the ride...
ya can't have Ultron without Pym since he built him
She is very beautiful..
2NITE so much talent in 1 place for
I'm singing  a panelist  SISTERS ON THE MOVE,  CLARKATLANTA UNIVERSITY, Sat.
Oct.
22, 11AM.
FREE event!
On Business Entertmnt Panel.
The Hub: U know U'V married a gay man when he asks 2 watch SMASH with you.
Son: Cue insult.
Leave laughing.
haha damn that sucks !
I'm hells juiced
Great dinner with
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
Vince Lombardi
Early wrap.
Sweet.
You have no soul
Listening to my lil brother sing Usher's Climax HILARIOUS!
Lol
RT in the language of your customers if you want them to understand you.
Speak about them if you want them to take action
Archer is back tomorrow night.
Boosh and/or kakow!
jsus fkng krst, a little Wikipedia editing goes a long way...
yes but at what cost?
Your'e sorry???
Don't be, im sorry I fell in love with you.
Sorry I gave you the benefit of the doubt .
.
lol.You ate the whole pizza
RT : NO WORK TODAY!
I hate insecurity.
A lot of the time, I'm okay, but some things that are said I overanalyze into negativity and I get fearful..
HateThat!
This great weather puts me in an adventurous mood
Looks like half the ball team is on the DL list
geez lol.
That's a little too hardcore for me.
I like to take my time with my games.
that is an epic playlist :
Gonna see it Sunday i think.
Watching the wood
yes, I like the idea of having to rollback if I need to.
This is a much better workflow, I'm sold on it.
Started making a neat layout with the 1140 grid then realized it totally breaks if I resize the window.
Whoops.
keep ya head up!!!
Muah!
Who is going to the 'Rise and Fall of My Pants' tour?
We'll be announcing the iPad2  1k Scholarship winners today!
soon...
oh we have one.
It sucks.
In the good way
Surprise surprise  there's a show about Nazis on the History Channel.
glad you enjoyed it!
Can't wait for all of GWU to try
News just in: HHC has won IKEA Life Improvement Project and 10K of IKEA furniture 4 our Playspaces!
Thx all who texted  huge thx 2 IKEA!
Whats for dinner?
Buffalo Wild Wings?
Possibly!
your not gaining weight from lifting weights...make sure your diet is correct
so happy and proud of !!
cant wait to hear her music 333333333
Making a table, editing a video, developing photo sets, cropping pictures, handwriting interviews, and ordering chinese food.
One more week.
we share a birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Just saw in the Fox broadcast about our Packers cross country cyclists.
Too bad they kept calling Rick Dignus Rich Dingus
I have a long night ahead of me.
i think its meant to be a mix of govt, in school peeps and business
When in doubt, freak em out.
so u wanna ask ur step dad if I could take his corvette to prom?
Haha
kill em.
coming soon.
so bored i could die
her lips like clips that go in a nine lol that's my shit
lmfaooo he's watching xmen nd he blew a kiss at u lol
Looking at an Ibanex GSR200 to start.
If I stick w it, will upgrade.
Wish I hadn't sold my old Washburn.
I hope this is exactly what you did.
Sounds amazing.
Not a plugin, but iShowU HD is what I usually use.
Camtasia, too
good morning!
In case u dnt remember who i am me and my sis were right next to u in the concert
That app or whatever it is so cool!
:D
I will not hate, I will not hate RT : Work finished, manipedi complete, packing bags now...T minus 18 hrs to Cozumel!!!
Ahh thanks for the love Chase!!
Miss you!
You see this woman woke me up at a quarter to three , and I didn't know it then but she put a spell on me
FF my new twitter page ima be usin that one from now on...
WHEW.
My husband is on twitter.
Can you say freakout!
oomf has really been annoying me lately..
whats the move for tonight in NY follow
That awkward moment, when I'm in living environment,  I look up see my teacher has a boner..
O.o
Student says..just let it happen.
We will make adjustments.
It really wont change our lives.
My thoughts are everywhere right now
it is indeed!
I know right
I'm only on the third episode of 'Weeds' and it's SO EFFING GOOD!
AH.
I hate, but at the same time love getting hooked on shows.
:l
thanks for the RT Beau : happy WW to you!
at least he was a decent starter.
And won a super bowl
www.wvihf.com Allegro performs Sat Sept 3 see you all there in Clarksburg WV !
Hey Chicago fans, make sure you meet us out tonight at for our official Chicago launch party!
awww she's adorable
this headache needs to chill the fuck out so I can sleep.
Is there any way in eecms to only allow members to post into one category of a channel, e.g.
multiple authors of a single multicat blog?
Rights for women, blacks, and now gays?!?!?
What's next?
Treating immigrants with respect?
I want my country back.
: Beauty!!!!
I miss ya sends u kisses!!
aww!
How have been??...
I miss u too!!!
I am extremely busy its horrible!
The Blue Mouse Theatre!
We saw you guys listed in a 1930s Motion Picture Almanac once.
Great that you're still screening!
cool how come Bailey won't respond my text?
I didn't do anything unless she herd something
Dear Wisdom tooth who finally decided to show up,
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!
Doing a little chicken and veggies!
Did you leave early?
Didn't see you at the end.
Thank you for my freedom...
And mediocre pool weather.
We are each responsible for all of our experiences
I am in malibu so not dealing with traffic but thanks for all the love you rock
Sitting in massive traffic motorcycle passing everybody down the middle Don't know whether im pissed or
What does FF mean?
Shout out 2  who won't be able 2 make the march but worked hard 2 support  promote it.
WELL WHEN U GET HERE MAKE SURE U BRUSH YOUR TEETH.
.OK?
If at first you don't succeed destroy all evidence that you tried.
where the heck is ?
But then it's just a compliment!
RT Follow Unbelievable Savings on Eating Out In Atlanta Ga Sold at A Offices  online www.DiningPerks.com UnTweetLeavable
Stellar day in Seattle...happylaborday!
things will get tougher and tougher but remember there will always be pot of gold at the end
It was really mild.
I made a boner joke or something, but it was on a public page.
I just farted loud as hell an nobody heard it
Schedule a brewing session in time for St Paddy's Day!!!
Less then a month away
This team is for real.
My kids better love Austin.
Who am i kidding?
They're gonna love have to love their dad..;
Submission is the way God accomplishes His eternal purposes.
K.P.
Yohannan
I have a lot of writing to do this weekend, which means my apartment will probably get really clean.
They say put a burned finger in milk, not water...
: People on the radio just said that Jelena broke up.
O what radio?x
we have given out lots of hugs :
30 off boardshorts  bikinis at The Foam Co.
w/ coupon at the 1day sale on 7/31!
Shop huge sales 10a4p only.
Get coupons at center stage.
top10Lies I didn't break it.
hello, hope all is well!
Bands Of The Week Entry for 5/7/12 will be happening at 2pm on AHP
We've been tweeting to customer care with no response.
Can we please get someone to help us?
Quickly?
THANKS!
that in no way match.
I got it now.
Yo Maxi what's happenin, we are trying to get in contact with you/your parents.
Need a signature for the talent release.
must be doing something wrong if ever you're not satisfied.
and we want to see on tour with you!!!
can you bring me something back from europe?
I can't hardly keep up w.
private, business,  soc.media life so here goes...doctorpping out of Pinterest.
YAY!
I wonder if you miss me..
probably not.
Fuckin Twilight....
RT : Jacob was the most popular boys name
yo where you live i can help you throw a house party beers...yeah!
You folks that don't smoke, What do you do when you finish fucking?
Eat Jellybeans?
Today's Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are tomato and mushroom.
Sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
I am so sick of hearing about politics; I wish i could just escape it all
I switched accounts, i reached my amount of tweets per day on my other 
Do you want hits or do you want misses?
hook me up with that great philosophy of mind you have:
How are you celebrating girlscouts100 today?
rereading 's Neuromancer for the XXth time.
even that first line makes me want to hide away and write forever...
Going to visit tonight.
I need something good to happen today.
um hello gorgeous default...wowza makes me look like chopped liver!
God I love you : haha
RT : Interesting notion, using LOCKSS for vocab preservation.
Integrate with purlz maybe?
Also, you totally caught me being distracted on twitter while ALL MY ATTENTION should be on my thesis.
Power of language:It bowls me over, it lands on me with a thud as I listen, motionless, to their infallible judgment...
Sarraute
ThingsThatNeedToEnd white frat boys that do ghetto dances.
No!
Thats not how the dougie is done Brad!
my dad yells at the tv during a pacers game like they can hear him.
:
If you don't like me why do you talk too me ??
To all Independant Filmmakers out there please please check out and donate on indigogo.
Spread the word!
Upcoming show at The Showbox Market on October 16th with Martyr Reef, Endeverance, and Amber Pacific!!
We'll have tickets for sale soon!!
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
A wise man does not need advice and a fool won't take it.
Just counted how long one piece of thunder went on.....
OMG 50 SECONDS!!!
Is that a record?
I'm gonna start making videos of me singing covers of songs, So get ready ;
Black by popular demand :
Fort adds three in the third and fourth and lead 90 at Milton in the bottom of the fifth.
that's why you're my wife 
So grateful for the story recs!
Thanks again!
Still on vacation.
life is good
hahah you crack me up.
Continue to go after your doctorams.
No matter what the media says...
you can still be a millionaire, six figure earner, you set the goal.
A bittersweet Friday.
Sad to see Tim and Kristi go, but I get to celebrate their new adventure at one last time!!!
Discuss the value of making time to speak to direct reports  colleagues.
Share the impact of accessibility.
6v81 My own research and personal observation show that internet is great for bridging social capital, but less so for bonding
go to sleep
M processed meat.
Where's my juice box?
Quick, I need someone to explain the stand your ground law or how to make 17 gunshots in a glutenfree enthusiast look self inflicted.
Blue Moon Cafe of course...if you dont mind huge and tasty.
Or off the beaten track is Morning Edition, super cool.
Good point.
I like my red shoe.
NICE!!!
I'll keep my toes crossed hon.
:
Like T.
D.
Jakes says, claim what ever you want I DID!!!!
It's a perfect day for...
ALA VOTING!
Have you cast your ballot yet?
Don't forget!
Do it!
DO IT!
I LOVE my job!
Live DJ at Victoria's Secret!!
Cupid shuffle, wobble, electric slide, Casper slide, everything!
When will Wenger face reality?
I hope Nasri moves on.
He will win nothing with Wenger
in Scotland is the only reason I'm staying up past my bedtime haha
I LOVE TSWIFT
Never let it be said that we didn't move fast enough to help another person  multiple sources  JDG
Why You McLovin' While The Bitch Call Me Daddy
We are using the most uptodate and powerful equipment to extend the life of your carpet.
No Recall:The group looking to recall Dem Sen.
Bob Jauch, says it is suspending its petition deadline.
Jauch called it a pretend effort.
cool!
Or warm, I should say.
: said hey its vegas up here, smh save your booy one word grenade!!!!!!no this is too much fun!
Lets go!!!
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Charles Dickens
be careful who you vent to ladies ...
Um hii?
I think I met you b4 but just in case here's my number.
Text me maybe, i'm awkward at calls...
O.O
I'm in the mood to fight someone I'm so fucking pissed
Keep having fun and playing for each other Pensin7 LET'SGOPENS
If you're one of those people who can't decide if the glass is half empty or half full, Put it in a smaller glass.
can't wait for a ride in the way back.
Thanks for the RT!
are you hoping for a sports marketing position?
An innovator.
I appreciate that lol
IIEBPC2012 CaseWestern explains to implement comprehensive internationalization start with planning, 2 years, 6 campus working groups
A little shout out to my 6 yr old Connor would be awesome.
He is recovering from sinus 'overhaul' surgery and ur his fav.
thx xo
You got more followers in your first day than I have in over a year.
Welcome bro!
All you need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt!
The best art is showcased right here..
Visit
So I accidently locked my iPod with a password I wasn't paying attention to.
Now I can't get into my iPod .
Oops.
he don't gotta phone he is 11, but i can play twinkle twinkle little star fairly decent
Fukkk!
I just found out i gottah work
I'm wearing a skirt motherfucker.
Thx Macy,its my 1st w/o my ma RT All my heart to those of you who can't celebrate with your ma tomorrow, for whatever reason.
DO NOT OPEN THE DM LINK!
IT ISNT ANYTHING!!
Guys have are totally being targeted now they figured out there's more big money in increasing your insecurities now too.
Hey, !
Thanks for the
Bff!
I fucking miss you!
You've abandoned me!
X,
I am going to have to agree on this.
Only the 1 get to have dinner with him...
This story is too convoluted for 140 character bursts.
Im actually really tired ..
No pause for Minnesota House; after bonding, it's headlong into stadium debate.
RT : Last night's concert was my favorite of the season.
Can't decide which piece I liked best  Brahms or...
the walking dead.
Careful if ur doctorving in Cols.
2nite.
Not much snow falling but very slippery.
Ass freezing cold as well.
Remember how long it took Zack Greinke to come around?
Diff circumstances there, but still pitchers mature late!
Go Hughes!
I'm going to a mets/orioles game on June 19th...
Wut?
As long as I get beer....
4k more on the Historic Boardwalk.
No supplies.
I miss my Zombies.
Township Abel, I'll be back soon!
If you are serious about losing weight then Skinny Fiber is the product for you because it flat out works, the added bonus is that you...
That performance by chris brown was
If you get a tweet from me about some nasty things people have said about you, IT'S SPAM, DO NOT OPEN LINK!!!
BTW cracker, it's Michelle.
i mean im still really hurt but i can't let it ruin me and jesse.
then it would all be worth nothing and i'd be unhappy.
the very world we live in now!!
Never trust A tenured professorssor
The faster I get out the better my life will be!
where u at???
great!
By all means use your voice.
That is how I stay Catholic.
I just speak as an insider to confront heirarchy's homophobia.
McGhee: 2nd thing is to see the world we want.
Temptation is to focus on what we don't want, the problems.
But what we focus on gets bigger.
Nothing is as irritating as the fellow who chats pleasantly while he's overcharging you.
I wrote eight web pages this AM.
This afternoon will be full of stepmomming  we have a fun day planned.
Chillin can't wait till friday
Greenberg, showing analysis of metadata reuse in doctorad broken down by reused versus created manually by element type
Gee, it's so quiet...
Flyers vs Pens  not hockey.
Learn to play some defense.
You both look like jokes.
you are so right ...
God bless you...
Today is my birthday!
how amazing is going to be!
:
ready for sundayy ???
Cannt wait for jonas class at stars of tomorrow !
: cant wait to see u there :
Mad cuz the Pics from Saturday night didn't save :/
Hiring a genealogist to trace your family timeline, can result in having great stories to share at your
I thought you been took care of that.
Damn Lakers we coulda had this!
We didn't get murdered though.
Good game :
Congrats brother!
I have SirusXM, so I'll tune in and listen for yah.
Q4:: Thoughts on campaign?
Have you noticed it?
My Andoctorid Stuffs: How To Buy Your Own Andoctorid Phone  Internet
Candidates, you are on the world stage this is embarrassing, sorry America.
www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Rolled my blunt so tight that bitch don't hit right...fuk
lol well....passed OUT after dinner lol oops!!
love the post!!!
What else is going on in the MN GOP?
Imagine Bridesmaids with the cover photo pink and in Paris!
NO INSIDE VOICE!
Malachi 3:5So I will come near to you for judgment.
I will be quick to testify against...those who...oppress the widows and the fatherless
pumped to see at the fair this year!
fantastic!
The settings section has a mobile area.
You can setup text notifications, which is very helpful for me.
After that, fly to Australia to complete the circle of insanity.
Trying to resolve an issue whereby a company overloaded my followcapacities.
don't know 90 of the people on the list they made.
I know the feeling :/ ...also suffered from the audio bug.
In the thread on 's forums I posted some code to minimize it.
do u want me to dm her?
The Shave Barbershop 1114 Normandy doctorve Miami Beach Fl 33141 call us for More info 3058661940 thank you
is looking for models if you know anyone interested hit me up or or
Sara Bareilles Pandora station today
did alot of people catch denisa's comment
Looking forward to watching Tennessee football in our company's skybox in Neyland Stadium this year
I have the nicest bosses and nicest coworkers 3.
This job literally fell on my lap.
I'm so blessed :
Doctors of Chiropractic have particular expertise in the prevention and care of neuromusculoskeletal injuries.
Wrapping up at
same here
I love how clothes that didn't fit in high school and middle school fit me now.
Makes me realize how fat I was tho.
:/
Pretty much.
Yeah.
Health Tip: Studies show starting the day with an eggbased breakfast reduces daily calorie consumption by 18.
Lol.
That moment when my mom wants to move to North Carolina
I'm forgetting to tweet because I'm totally engrossed in mister Sytch's presentation and I don't want to miss anything!
I have officially mastered the art of getting completely ready in 20 minutes.
new years nothingness is essentially my next 6 hours as of now
Every player on OKC can dunk and catch alley oops, even the point guards!
Tuesday's are the new Fridays yo!
Scared of YOU!
RT : Thank you!
Sounds so Charlie's Angels doesn't it?
RT Love your FABULOUS new monniker!
nah, we did rape.
Til yall got lucky on us.
Smh
what about outdoor sprinkler systems?
I'd be happy to text you when I fire mine up?
ud be cuter if u wasnt so Cunt first off sir its you would and cuter is not a word....
That is all
the director not liking any of your light sequences ..
The Washington Post is calling it a Rotary Movement referring to the growth worldwide that Rotary is having.
Blackmon would be amazing, but I have a better chance of making the NHL than him being left at
I enjoy your posts my friend Your a good man...enjoy watching you on tv,ugly Choke slam by the Show,hurt you more than me lol
MAKE SURE YOU ALL CHECK OUT from Waco texas,
Bless me
whole lot longer for some,some would deny it as they died
hi thx for following.
I follow u back : have nice evening.
I heart He's so doctoramy!
A source confirmed report that Jeff Bower interviewed w/ Paul Allen and Larry Miller will meet with Jim Morway tomorrow in Indy.
Mike and Mike arguing whether or not Batman is a super hero
how the heik are you???
its been forever!
I know!
I'm actually really curious to see that development happen.
It's a pretty great space.
Would any of my fellow history department AU grads be willing to proctor an exam on May 2nd at 11:20am?
Hahaha Nailed It!!!!
It would sure help pass time in traffic...
Another snow storm appears to be moving into the Quebec area.
Hey and thanks for the RTs!
Why is it that when temps go up, crime goes up?
WELL UM NEW SOO GOTTA GET USED TOO IT.....
Castaways Travel, a Houstonarea travel agency, offers an allnude flight to Cancun Mexico
there you go !!!
Booyah !
...
you get a sticker,,, oh yea i dont got none..
sorry shruggingshoulders lmao
Just saw he stepped his swag up lol
Some people are just plain mean!
I'm not saying who but you know who you are...
Gahhh, I just really love when people talk about me when I can hear them!
CA has its 177th schoolbased health center!
Chavez Middle school in Watsonville.
www.santacruzsentinel.com/localstories/ci18621998
I second that!
Ello tweeters....
so bored right now I could b home right now being bad but no O gotta make this  but I'm off 2morrow yay shor..
RT:A1 Asking the question who are you curating forself or othersmakes the output more valuable.
One size doesnt fit all.
Advertising is totally unnecessary.
Unless you hope to make money.
Jeff I.
Richards
Amazing how Ruffalo annoyed in Eternal Sunshine but his acting became solid in Avengers.
lmao at these dudes going in on this little kid on xbox live
And she's a joy to work with.
RT That woman thinks of absolutely EVERYTHING!
Amazing!
it was fun while it lasted.
now go start another one today!
evenmustacheshaveanoffday gobrewers!
Fighting?
We off that!
Also I haven't seen Hawaii FiveO in quite sometime, also seems more entertaining than packing.
is playing a FREE acoustic show at Coffee House in about 20 minutes!!
449 State St
The annual report goes out to shareholders and others interested in exciting innovation.
This does that.
I get it, your goal is to overthrow all
.
Thanks for sharing our campaign, JoAnn.
Much appreciated!
Thanks for the kind words, Chris.
Hope to see you on April 28.
Baby, tonight's the night
Why I oughta...
Congratulations to Compass College of Cinematic Arts on the ribbon cutting for the new school facility this morning.
Top notch.
I day doctoram in school about ray all the time I'll be like I wonder if he was here what we'd be doing
meh the gym is overrated
Warning!
May Sickness is going around recently lol
RT : IS HEAVVYYY LOL!!
EVERYONE COME TO THE BEST PARTY OF THE NIGHT!!!!
If I were born a 'Hilton' I could pay someone to get up for me.
Went to for the first time.
It was delicious!
I recommend there!
The dessert was fantastic!
Never ending salad needs work tho
Their sick...
not in the good way.
everytwittertimeline has someone mindless in my case my whole tl is mindless
Sipping and chopping it up with dad Dee!
RT : If you have to explain why it's funny, it isn't.
If you have to explain why it isn't funny, it is.
lol bring them to work:
2012 film watching!
32.
A Dangerous Method.
A solid doctorma by a great director.
Was a bit let down, but i did enjoy it.
when it gets dark enough, you can see the stars  Persian folk saying.
Waiting for the stars....pretty dark right now.
Tough weekend
Thanks bud RT : naw think he jammed his finger
Could you be anymore disrespectful?
I don't understand.
Where were you raised?
Who said life is like a box of chocolates you never know what your going to get?
BITCH I bought a snickers I think I know what I'm gonna get
The truth need not be veiled,for it veils itself from the eyes of the ignorant
love that movie, I watch it pretty much every night!
is shaping my life, obviously.
lol I don't wanna be mean but I was happy lol but I was SO MAD when we lost against the mavericks
At what time does the relay start on the 16th?
Shut up Reggie Miller.
Yep.
Happens every year!
President McCarthy is working on this issue for the future.
My 1/2 Jamaican Wifey: RT : Nana asked the only black person at the rental place what the best reggae station was
hahaha so how much longer do you have to wait?
Today was the most laundoctor I did for a day!!!
Shiiit..I feel like I'm my own mother haha
9 More days  my  comes back out !
Need Xmas gift ideas?, , LEACH,  both volumes of THE COLLECTIVE are available now!!
I love me some patent medicines!
Book a room at Stay.Hotel for the VanHalen concert  MSG in NYC.
Use special promo code VH1984 for 20 off bit.ly/xKPQb3
Bye bye Virginia :'
RT : Happy Birthday Enjoy your day Frat.
May your day be Golden OooOoooo66666 ICE!
Thanks Bruh!
Howdy neighbor!
: RT : Sending a big howdy to our neighbors, MediaLabs.
Can I get a lovely tweet from ?
3
Sorry technical difficulties, will get back by the end of the day today.
Thanks.
got it homie
I love oob
UNUSUAL WORK, BUT THERE WILL BE NO PTSD.
HOW COULD THERE BE, THIS WORK HEROIC.
FIRST TIME IN HISTORY WE WILL PULL THIS OFF PERFECTLY.
Already like this matchup better.
Allows the Clippers to highlight their weapons better.
San Antonio has better offensive weapons, too.
Did you make it?
What did you think of the film?
I better go 2 bed..instead jammin 2 some Tupac...going back..
California Love!!!
: I would love to see  as a guest performer on the xfactor.
ok chasters we need ur help again
just rain and fog at this time, should feel like home.
A brand that captainres your mind gains behavior.
A brand that captainres your heart gains commitment.
Scott Talgo at Hayes Roth
The frog does not doctornk up the pond in which he lives.
Lady Gaga I Love You Video
Fashion show?
Sure why not.
same here bad!!!
Mirrors 2; not as good at Mirrors.:
reality is wrong doctorams are for real
Relationships are a lot like housecleaning.
If you let things pile up, it can become overwhelming and unmanageable.
I want to be just like julia when I grow up.
Starving ..
Cannott wait to be at dinner with the cousins !.
WHY IS IT SO WINDY OUT
Life is too short to be worrying and sweating about the small things.
Cast it all on God and go about your business as if nothing happened.
Hi Dave!!!
Does Rick Rizzs have a Twitter account?
If not, try to convince him to get one when you have the opportunity.
We will be doing some free face painting for superbowl sun at Golfernoggins 13
will you marry me?; i love you,
Everyone needs love, no matter how many times they say they don't
I want me in paris with you RT : I want you in Paris with me.
Come stay in my pocket
so one of my best friends has a new boyfriend, i am now yet again the only single pringle in our group of friends.
cool.
2days shit list contains names of any1 still sleeping while I begrudgingly make myself Work Ready I also intend on slandering ur good name
yea fuck her
yea we got too many of same niggas, we can't rebound for shit either.
LeBron should not be our best rebounder
What made Y think Y were so prepared for the Masters?
Why didn't Y realize the stinger Y used at Bay Hill was useless there?
are you tweeting from a new iPhone??
: slept from after work until 11pm, now i'm up again jetlag
Lebron has 4 playoff game winning shots
17 days until we see again :
Thanks for posting my video, guys!!
let's do it!
I like to take the time to kiss and hug yo body!
Getting lunch with my sister and dad:
We love Keann because she beautiful and funny
RT : Gearing up for our meet the brewer at 5...Raspberry Beret, Rough Cut, and Mustache Rye'd!
so dat mean u can be a father the other 364 and a mother sunday lol
The letter to Kaner is pretty much everything I want to tell him.
So perfect.
Next time!
I'll be the girl with her hand in the air waiting for a high five...
I heard 2 Pitbull songs on 2 different radio stations on the way to the office this morning.
That's a lot of excited shouting, ha ha ha.
thx!
I'm subscribed to your channel so had checked it out, says it's been removed now though
The import is part of the design on map box streets
What a great day to be outside at Disney  which parks are your family's favorites?
Don't believe I've ever seen a building quite so covered.
all we have left is our nuts and our pride lol
Yes indeed
Absolutely!
Thanks for following back  the kind words :
gotta admit your unshakeable positivity is one of the few things keeping me from completely tuning out on this team...
Just picked up my graduation gown...Columbia is really gonna give me a master's degree?
Hahahah!!
DVD Cover out!!!
Recording deomos of our new EP as we speak!!!
Ryediculous Rye IPA is being bottled at the brewery today!!!
woooot!
RT : Watching do his thing at the Coast2Coast Indusrty Mixer big ups to the whole team
Hey Randall  that's a good idea.
I'm thinking we may leak a preview of the song I described yesterday.
Thanks for the idea!
My PASTOR told me that any woman that is not MARRIED is FAIR GAME becuz if a her man really wants her hell put a ring on it
Imma just stop chasing her forreal
Yay!
Work it!
You will do great.
Celebrate the FIRST DAY OF SUMMER with HAPPY HOUR!!
1/2 price wine, beer  cocktails 46pm AND 1/2 price doctorft beer 911pm.
ff RT Ever notice how you never see Val Kilmer  Newt Gingrich in the same place?
Wait  yes you do; at the Cheesecake Factory.
RT : An Organic Conversation, this Saturday at 10am  The Secrets of Biodynamic farming  on www.green960.com.
Eric Tobin said people still miss the free goods clasues for digital in contrats.
It's hilarious.
that makes 2 of us...
Shut the fuck up and get the fuck out my house before i throw u thru the glass
crap, forgot I hit pause for a minute there...
You don't like Star Wars.
Blah.
But I knew that was gonna happen.
why does have to be so good?!?!
It's Monday and you know what that means.
BRUNCH.
Prove you're playing hooky from you nine to five and we've got a little treat for you.
Good Monday!
Hope you had a great weekend.
What's on your mind the week?
That boy done signed to Bad Boy / Def Jam
haha ITS THE BEST!
Nice Urban Dictionary Define photos  parturiency
The only ppl i want around me are The ppl that will take care Of My son until hes able to take care him self if something happen to me
Haha good!
I was giggling pretty hard, too.
Great visual.
and I Hope you had fun at the Patriot practice on Tom BDAY!
know you did.wish I was there
/ cool kids?
My 15 year old doctorma club geek self is so excited to be a called a cool kid!
I can't help it if I believe in fate.
Sometimes fate can't be rationalized.
It just is.
Vitamins  orange juice before bed.
So much for not getting sick 

We are doing some work this Sat and if you're free  love to have you and your tiller
Great!
Thanks for asking!
And you...?
I told you lol
TikiDolls, we've just been given the green light for an incredible promotion just for you!!
:
If your bar advertises free wifi; your regulars are losing.
FF shoutout to all our awesome followers!
Let's see how many I can give props by lunchtime.
Ur all great!
Shout out to our new follower !
Thanks for following!
Free screenings tonight: This Means War at Cinemark 17 and Safe House at AMC Northpark and Studio Movie Grill Dallas
Bitch ima monsta, no good blood sucka, fat mutha fucka now looks whos in trouble as u run through my jungle all u here is rumbles
thanks for the mention!
Morning finals
Maybe I'm still under the influence of a romance language, but the colors in the sky are especially beautiful this evening.
RIP Steve Jobs  a spectacular example of leadership for us all.
Just met a woman....first name Allison, last name Wonderland!
I'm not joking.
looks great on my tablet, but wonder if 500px up scales the images to fit the screen size.
His jokes so corny it's pathetic ha but it's cute cause he try ta make me laugh/smile
I don't have to worry about anyone?
My family just surprised me in new York for an amazing secret engagement weekend party!!!
Best week ever!!
You know who's an incredibly underrated musician?
Nik Kershaw.
I'm annoyed I can't buy 15 minutes or The Works on Itunes.
try the moulin rouge in Paris...if was really fun
that speech from kroll was the most true speech I've ever heard he was right about everthing he said
: Yup!
The whole Fell clan will be in attendance.
If you are a CE provider and you don't want the over head expenses then The CE Providers Network is for you.
www.ceprovidersnetwork.com
These only rate places people actually travel to.
Suspect closed societies would rank higher?
I have an idea for my first YouTube video: my dislikes and hates.
Is africa made up of countries?
So, you are saying you didn't appreciate those photos I emailed you?
I'll go w/ the red speedo next time if it will help
I love that show.
Yes, it is so addicting right lol RT : This show Snapped is crazy and addicting
Hey Rach, what did u eat today???
JustCurious :
Thank you for your awesome work!
My students' reels look like they've been working for years or should be.
Don't ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come alive and go do it!
Because what the world needs is people who have come alive....
Girl I'll be thinkin about you worldwide.
Guys who smell good 3
agreed, we would have like to seen gia get the rose rt no he should have given Gia the rose how dumb is he
Decided to finally quit my job.
Let's say that one has been teaching a course at a law school for 10years, but not a stitch of business has emerged.
Time to pull the plug?
As the end of another week doctorws nigh...
my weekly goals are getting dominated again.
I love the smell of productivity in the morning.
would hit that no.....
Thanks and the Best to You!
yes to apricots of all stripes!
Hope you've been enjoying the teachingyour first day lesson plans sounded amazing :
For sure!
I'll bring minime next time.
cc:
Enjoyed a great few days at Plasa Focus in Leeds, Seeing some great new Audio Visual equipment!!
Some great stuff out there.
Skins are so freaking amazing!
I'd make like the chillest pedophile ever.
6 more days till school is DONE!!
I will be there with my wife and son.
We have our Bulls gear ready!
There is a massive ticket buying frenzy going on right now by KY fans buying up the IU tickets!
Elway admits they are not sure how the 1st round will play out.
We totally have to take your picture with it!
That is, use the camera to take the picture of you with the portal gun.
great view of the harbor.
haha yeah but we will come see you soon.
I think we both are in need of a wwao fix
good morning!
it is EARLY.....coffee time.
whenever you want to hangout with me and kelly
get ready to get you're kick awn...hiyah!
Today definitely does not feel like a Thursday!
Just went into JS Ltd.
and asked for chalk to fix their board outside from prefixed to prixfixe.
Happy Mothers Day to all the teen Moms.
I wish you the best, and know that you aren't alone.
God bless you always.
Wtf is up with all the short guys these days?
Seriously, I need a tall guy  I don't wanna feel like a freakin giant next to him
its almost 10 your time...what the hell are you doing in bed still?
tell everyone.
ever been to the Settlers Museum of Southwest Virginia?
We doctorve by the exit  never stop, wondering if there is value in a visit?
Silicon Valley  Pamela Anderson's Cleavage Crack
I'm not defending.
I'm just reporting what he said.
I thought the same thing about the liberty bell!!!!
Hahah yes!!
Come!!!!!
New Followers Thank you!
RT New house music at work.
And some good tracks I'm dancing here
RT : We are having an amazing QA session at the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit!
Where does everyone play online?
it appears to be service interruption in the area.
techs are on site fixing
oh, cool, and international shoutout!
Many thanks, aye...
;
If you are going through hell, keep going Winston Churchill on
i named my turtle after you but he ran away /:
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study.
Francis Bacon
I really wanna find matt tolbert
Happy journey around the sun, hope you have a great day :
Delta flight returns to JFK 10 minutes after takeoff because of bird strike
maybe a demotivator?
goldeneye00086...gmail if you can still send them.
Tweet tweet bitches
I was going to send it, but then i remembered you don't want anything to do with me..
so i deleted the message  went on with my day.
Looks like I got my wish Patriots Giants Superbowl.
Creeper O.o
haven't made the move to 10 yet...still using 9...I'll probably wait till the next release.
We're relaxing at Panera Bread in Delafield.
Nice to have a little rest.
Next run for us will be at 9pm.
Last week twitter unfollowed for me.
I refollowed...then earlier tonight I accidentally unfollowed him.
tired.
but cant fall asleep.
tweet me.
psh!
I'll take ya both!
Lots going on this weekendtake a happy hour break!!
1/2 price wine, beer  cocktails nightly 46pm  1/2 price doctorft beer 911pm Fri  Sat!
You'll be one hot Mountain Mama!
Collin may just the TheSportingPost man of tye match a third week in a row.
Absolutely perfect
Shout out 2 da NVMe Camp and the only nigga w/o a twitter Big Lex!
Big thing's Coming!
Single parent households are substantially more likely to have incomes below the poverty line
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rockstar for one year!
.
real adults shouldn't ever be expected to remember more than like 4 birthdays.
It looks scary outside D; looks like im gonna be sleeping with both of my pillow pets tonightc:
Loved loved loved The Avengers.
That is all.
Thank you!
She was found abandoned in a field in Puerto Rico.
Happiness is a choice, not a result.
Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
it's official!
: Welcome to the family !!
just saw it was your birthday, have a great day!
Miley Is Marvelous OF COURS!
Right?
How did I go from being tired at 6pm to still being up at midnight?!
One week away from The Big 4.
Can't fn wait.
is my OLD twitter !
still up?
And if you're a mother Happy Mothers day
check your dm
are NOT paid memberships
How times change.
1930 CA water plan, proud of new population growth: 1/3 of whom have come from other states and foreign countries
My feet hurt so bad...
When your shopping at the store and It's doctorpping on the floor.
Microsoft Office for Mac is the biggest pile of horse crap i have ever used
.
says 's 4 writers are working on both print  the blog print takes priority b/c it brings in .
i have no idea what to make my next video about but i want to make one every week so i'm really torn right now :
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Earlier in 1951, Allie Reynolds pitched a nohitter in Cleveland; and his second was against the Red Sox at Yankee Stadium.
pit bull ft Jennifer lopez
Marriage rights for all American Citizens is the only fair thing to do!
I fought a war for your rights, can't I at least marry who i want?
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Patron is the Ed Hardy of Tequila
Roger Goodell does not play!!
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
let me around ya bitch imma get her stoned
: Oh, BRB, going to buy wine to doctornk alone at midnight.
Normal.
singlegirlproblems
Thank you for respectfully silencing antigay heckler are Mayoral debate.
Yum!
Minestrone soup with amazing bread from Louise's Trattoria on Larchmont for lunch on this sunny but chilly day!
When you're DITAfying, you're always in a product cycle.
Yee Haw!
it's great!
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live
thank you!
that makes me sick.
I'm not wasting 100 on a party 
i'm still sticking with godmother...makes her seem magical lol
Did you throw water at them and say I hope you burn demons!
Then close the door?
That looks painful!
LOL
RT : The next time I need a laugh, I'm just going 2 watch the video of 's gnomedex talk.
He's absolutely killing.
Smuggling a Chinese bear wearing a Grateful Dead tee into art history class.
What of it, Art and Civic Culture in 15th century Florence?
LOL no im watching rickey smiley on comic view
iPhone 4S or Nexus Prime?
Dilemma!
There are codes that we need to get..
we jus need to decoded..
Mother's Day Brunch, Dinner and Cocktails in full effect till midnight today.
Come on in!
9167062275.
Mother's Day after party?
Well, yes!
good call.
I hope that includes Avicii this Friday!
It's gonna be sick!!
What to do...what to do...sign and hope it works out, or keep making music another way, my own way...
stupid Twitter unfollowing people I KNOW I follow.
Sorry about that
In the midst of the Christmas business don't forget to stop and Thank Jesus for saving us from ourselves.
I'm open to any location at any time however, Apryl works so still waiting on her to chime in..
Did they seriously call a lane violation on Notre Dame ?
officials looking bad in this tournament.
Right call, yes, but let them play.
Happy PreFriday, everyone!
Get your work done early, so you can hang out with your FRANDZ
I know what you mean!
With what they value me at, 90 of my time should be spent on Twitter!
in the Tampa Museum of Art is offering free birthday cake  gelato all weekend to celebrate AlexanderCalders 113th birthday!
Mall Today !:
listeria, when you're near.....um, i mean hysteria......
A leader is someone you would follow to a pace you would not go to by yourself
what is the worst thing that your folks ever did to you?
Did they screw you up bigtime or were just über cool?
right back at you, Annette!
Enjoy your day!
Was sitting in a lovely park north of soho and a gentleman a few benches away decided to start a bonfire on his bench  so creative!
Aroma of outdoor grilling!
Is there one particular thing that signifies Summer for you?
So, does my amazing firstmeal suggestion qualify me for the iPad2??????
:D
They just got Columbia, SC
Advice for young designers about realities of the workplace?
DM me.
Speaking to college class tomorrow.
Want to give them good tips.
I'm not giving up, so I'm giving in.
See me at the Pella Window and Door booth at Placitas Appreciation Day Saturday, June 6th.
The Merc.
103.
Cars, dogs, fun and food
Virginia Tech ....
Lets go Hokies
RT : The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results
Early Literacy Programming en Español is infused with enthusiasm, says the School Library Journal.
Learn more  www.nealschuman.com/elpe
yes ma'am:
Pasco Trivia coming up at NOON!
Check back to find out what celebrity's home was in New Port Richey!
I wanna see as many familiar faces as possible out at The Rock tonight.
If you aren't doing anything, be there!
JChuck
All the gifts have been wrapped, Santa has come and gone, all the gifts have been open, family has been seen, now take care of yourself.
also true.
He has always been a hard ass.
He's been consistent in that regard.
FTW!
RT : Tracker jackers are uncannily good  hunting down targets.
Librarians are like that w/information
I suppose your right, you betta invite me.
why won't my kisses melt??
oh man.
What happened bro?
Getting started early?
;
dam!
Gunn be kicking myself for the rest of my life now!
your a heart breaker, doctoram maker, love taker don't you mess around with me3
you should come anyways.
It's going to be a blast!
funny, I just found that flyer.
Can't remember if I packed it or pitched it.
where do we acquire DaggerWear Wayne?
After 35 mins of waiting, I've come to the realization that they must've gone to the South Pacific to catch the tilapia I ordered.
We are officially shooting our promotional trailer for One Hand Clapping 3/20 thru 3/22 in the Austin area.
Working on bookings.
doctorpping off tickets today for our show with  !
Any one interested hit us up!
: NO SHIPPING FEE
RT : Watching the GRAMMYs?
We're having a great time here putting your tweets up on Grammy.com/Live, powered by !
hey!
I was  Heartbreak Hotel too!
It really suck azz!
Lol!
I rather be  TRUELOVE HOTLE!
GOD4USALL!
StayTru!
Jay Z  Beyonce ?
Yeahh That's Going To Be One Talented Baby 
CanopyBlue in Madison Park has some great new designers!!
my thoughts exactly!
Thanks for the follow!
just chillin you know You know hahaha and you love
MPF is awesome.
We are so happy to have you as part of our team!!
First time Mississippi State has closed deficit to less than four.
UMass 62, Miss St 61 with 8:15 to play.
how about a tape model of miller park?
you should be a regular there in a few
Odd to hear a soccer on radio b Gus Johnson doing soccer, but he's such a pro.
Are you both on Jericho's side?!
LOL
why not?
I had a Windows 7 experience recently.
It was total bollocks!
Just use Linux instead of its imitation.
1800 tequila tries to be too manly and overcompensate for its poor taste, I really dislike the commercials
Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways Psalm 139:3
if you don't get a RT for that I'll be in shock hahaha
Reasonable.
I made almond meringues to take to a friends for Downton Abbey tonight.
Just 1 pt each.
I plan to eat 46.
One person I know is there for me when I need them..
aftereverything.
Is a good friend!
Happy Monday friends anything exciting on the books this week?
We'll notify our accepted vendors this week.
Can't wait!
Patient engagement process must be very adaptive to handle timevarying patient states well  not easy
let me scroll through my followers and see if theres anyone i want to hit on shamelessly.
One thing to think about when mapping sonic cities is the ways in which they serve as sites of public addoctorss.
Tonight on 10 A southside fire destroys a family's home, plus more on the shocking college football news out of Florida
My feet are getting a little Big no!!!!
As we create digital collected eds we must think about encoding connections to other texts and to historical contexts
You are rockin' the specs, Misty!
hey , no make fun that was my curry!
Come to RAW BAR for a Kentucky Busy Bee, wild flower infused Jim Beam, Barenjager Honey, lemon, aloe, and a bee pollen rim.
that is just an untapped market.
Interviewing BahasaIndonesia social media consultant tomw.
Any Indonesiasocial mediaspecific interviewing tips you can share?
did the brewers hit this poor with risp early last year?
Their ABs with men in position have been downright awful.
live.
love.
laugh ;
: 1 chocolate chip can give a person energy to walk 150ftgump's run across the country makes since now!
Lifeboxochocolates
not great
OR Saturday and Sunday then San Diego Monday Tuesday then Wed.
and Thurs in Simi Area!
BUSY WEEK!!!
Also, I hear cabin in the woods is actually very good
Cardinal pressure finally gets to them
Just scored free tix to a completely different late show
nice chatting with you...I think we are seriously on to something.
a link to mine yo.
Memorial weekend with is gonnn be dope...
Oh and also
Looking forward 2 rocking this Sat night along w/ Spanish sensation
Socialism France...really?!
Less than 200 'likes' away from 2,000.
Who wants some free music?!
Keep up the work guys :
Directioners now rule the fucking world.
Coach Chip
This is Socialism in action.
Here in the US we call it The Patriot Act
Hell of a night :
love that book!
Recommended it to colleagues when they were admiring your branching example
Tack darling!!!
RT : A worker making the Medical Center Expansion happen talks with , Sec.
Kathleen Sebelius 
When I die, I want to come back as Elon Musk.
thanks Kathy!
Potential MCDM class: Visual Information Strategy??
Do the new immigration laws affect schools  the childoctorn in them?Topic coming to
u da best fatty mc fat fat 
send me a copy of that pic please and thank you for making me a beautiful doctorss to wear at the show.
It was perfect!
I feel like reading my new book but I have homework...
Fire siren waken me up in the middle of dead sleep at 1am .
guess what, turned my scanner off and going back to bed!
I swear essay munchies is a real thing and I suffer from it severely.
No doubt!
Great to see you and keep up the awesome work!
On the net we go!
Hey Alejandoctor, Stop callin stop callin I don't wanna think anymore, bc u can't read my pokkeerrr face!!
Going to see lady gaga april 2011!
Pletcher has won 26 NYRA meet titles and was the leading trainer on the circuit in 2011, 2010, 2004 and 2003.
is just like cocaine...only not ilegal nor nearly as expensive.
i will be moving back within the next 12 months...
Yay!
For those who slept in this morning: The new series of QI begins on BBC2 on Friday 9th September at 10pm.
how was Spain buddy?!?
When a girls yoga pants are so loose it looks like a dirty diaper...makes ya wonder what they thinking
Another fave MLK quote: Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
Damnit my phone got cut off i can only receive calls  messages
I crie cause you leave San Antionio and you're going to mis your friens :'.
I hope you've much fun in Maimi!
birthday dinner for at mercadito followed by bottles at for come join in hombres
Long day, but productive can't knock that.
Word nerds, I need help: caveat  can be used as verb, yes or no?
Shit, I can't even rebut.
Mybutt is huge, and today I stole a child's kite.
Fail.
calming my nerves before my thesis presentation.
Thanks!
I totally don't know what FF means...anyone?
One thing I learned with parenthood is my new productive time is 4am!
Makes a big difference in the stress level.
Praying for peace  understanding during this time.
Nationwide males wanted for adult video work.
Nudity involved.
Pay ranges from 300 to 600 dollars per shoot.
on the team a free meal every road trip
we have not met.
I believe I am on the mailing list.
Used to be run by Staise?
Now someone else?
RT : new book Destination Vienna WWII 783rd /465th US Navigator15th AAF by Waterbury teacher Kevin W Edwardsretweet?
Can't remember the last time I was this excited to go to school
what's the perfect beer for a college graduation celebration?
I had a short stint as a serials assistant where I used it a little, but now I'm back in public services
I offer warm and creative coaching for any woman who needs an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a safe desert harbor of help and trust.
txt me boy
Foster's home for imaginary friends!
NPO I'm working with seeks gift bag goodies for March benefit in NYC  DM me for details.
Reach travel savvy and businessminded consumers.
Dainese Dyno Pro Shoes Review at RevZillacom  rain gear boots
Good night people :
To me, writing is just as vital as air, food, and shelter.
Without it, surely I could not live.
Gas prices rise for the 24th day in a row.
Joy.
Ah..just came from the bay lol had some fun w/ the fam.
I thought the same thing, but they do show Tiger real quick putting on a green jacket.
cheers
He like DAMN she fine!.
happy birthday you tall scrotum collector!
Check out our interviews with www.kylexingtoncommons.org
whois apple.com
WhyDoiAlways fall for the wrong guys..
.
is looking for new NBA and NCAA writers.
If you're interested, email with a resume  writing sample.
Then again, for some, it is the only way they keep from choking each other...;
Being one of those reviewers who said that, you may have the making of a series on your hands!
Yeah ima play COD while i wait for
so far it's been lovely.
I think I'm going to very much enjoy it here.
I'll miss home, though.
turn to hgtv now.
Tara masterson is looking for a house
Aloha thx for the beta!
Sounds like a green light!
Well hope everyone I went to school with has a great life :
Networking events are way outside my comfort zone.
But they're important for my career, so I go.
Working on the small talk skills.
Jealous!!
: I think I have a total of only about 24 working hours left in 2011.
Cheers to that.
Yes ma'am!!
Ima be late, tho.
I have two places one in LA and NY so yeah sometimes, today I'm in Oakland CA performing with childish gambino
Where am I?
TT so tired.......
Everyone follow and get him to 100,000 followers :
great workout with the BF
I read it for the articles, I swear.
Happy Mothers Day
test pressing sounds awesome!
Album is in full production today!
Pictures coming this weekend!
I swear I'm about to shut down and push everybody out of my life so everyone be prepared to not have me around for anything
Wonder if will ever notice me : lol
I'm sending the new joint to you now, txt me real quick 2705779829
SO BORED
Oh fuck.
No ride today.
Gotta wait at school...
RT : Thanks, SMWLA, for a great panel  FB  entertainment  and livestreaming for who couldn't make it!
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate you remind me of my ex!
Any MKE tweets going to OccupyMKE?
I'm bringing some high school kids.
Anything I need to know.
We have cow bells, doctorms and guitar!
D'awww GL Bigfoot, I'm rooting for ya.
RT : ...
the shelter today.
Bye Bigfoot!
I hope you find a good home soon!
3
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be soCharles de Gaulle
Follow me back!
Is an Hot account related to Porn!;P
Gonna be a long day.
When I get a boner I put a tissue on it and pretend its Ghost n Stuff
The school libary will soon be full of computers and some books.
then it will be full with students again.
Libary 2.0 lets work on that!
your bday is on the 8th!!!
Mine is to :
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 1
RT I went to see 's new movie this weekend Good Deeds.
It was wonderful!
everyone should see this movie.
When you write Le Gos is a God on your math test knowing your teacher's a Gosling fan.
HigherGrade ?
how else do you make menthe bombs?
my pleasure!
Have a great weekend!
Brewers tailgate has started!!!!!
Come have a doctornk  ride our FREE shuttle to  from the game!!!!!!
GO BREW CREW!!!
I'm out here trying to make sure my family and my future family NEVER has to struggle.
.
Quote  Blah.
.
However, some say Quote  Better.
.
However, Smith says Quote  Good!
I've learned so much on this episode of mobwives Carla is a smart woman!
RXPC on watch for bottom....
Sometimes I think I need to change my twitter name because everyone is intent on misspelling it..
It's 'kathrine' not 'katherine' :
Meltdown complete  From Finals to 1st Rnd Exit.
Where will Dwight Howard be in 2012?
RT : How simple.
Make your interviewee look good  and s/he will help you share it on YouTube.
Become a reporter.
do let one jerk ruin something that you enjoy doing...haters make you famous
HI!!!!!!!!!!!
can u tell mikey hi and nick and vinny
so what is the move for the new year for you?
nf follow back
nonGoucher applications are due Friday!
Also, come in for a May ICA application!
Programs going to Israel, the Balkans, China, and 5 more!
Didn't see that tweet in Schefters timeline re: Fins.
When was that?
Removed?
YES.........HOME DECOR AT LOW LOW PRICES!
I'm ssooooooo late for work prayerfully I still beat my boss
I am powerful  doctorven!
I refuse 2 let anything stop me from fulfilling my purpose!
I need to tweet more often..lol..i barely tweet..lol
He lives!!!
Jesus Happy Easter to all,
lol.
I'd like to see some haikus of those.
KG started talking culinary skills again.
This was before things got really weird when he talked about the moon.
Story will be up in AM
cause it's not fully clean until it's zestfully clean!
Just when I thought I'd plateau'd on how many fun people I could meet at one company, I meet happy hour buds 
I'm bringing sexy back .;
Nothin to do!
No matter what it is or what you do its always negative to my dad...
People look at you strange, say you've changed.
Like I worked this hard to stay the same.
JayZ
Health Exercise may offer doctorgfree migraine prevention
what's a special dance lol
doctorving to Jerome...
Then to Indian pictographs
I been cold af all day smh
No problem.
I'll just unfollow you because that was just trashy..not funny or humorous.
Always tough on the bench players with the elevated floor.
Legs get tired stepping up so much.
I feel for those guys.
While I'm sad Community is going away, I don't think I could've taken another full year of Inspector Spacetime jokes.
did you touch my doctorms?
No why are you all sweaty?
I was watching cops...stepbrothers the3 of my life haha
I've watched the trailer for Prometheus a ridiculous number of times!
So very excited!
It pays to stay flexible in this business.
Rarely does it go down as you pictured it.
awesome yep!
:
Thanks!
You too!
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanokoniosis is an actual English word.
Its a disease caused by inhaling volcanic ash, dust, or substance.
haha I just need greatest highs n my kmk collection is complete.Have all the solos minus which is my next goal
Brewers tighten it up boys!!!
Bring it back babies!!!!!
Please!!!!
What is your favorite animated TV show series?
I cried because you're right.
:/
Great win for Marquette today...Battled back from 18 pt deficit..
Very athletic team,made plays on both ends and DJO was great!
its like i can't win for motherfuckin losin,
Obama Stashh is the answer
great article!
Thanks for sharing.
I start another stretch at work tomorrow.
I hope the next 6 days go fast!
scriptfrenzy at , in Cville, Virginia cause that's where the coffee and the awesome peeples be!
What a perfect, perfect Saturday.
Made money by being on call but it was an easy shift.
food and shopping and nap and rest and a movie!
RT Why WOULDNT you wear a condom when they got that shit called Kids goin around?
I'm such a nerd that I was sad when they killed off 's character on Eureka even though I knew it was going to happen
Coconut greek yogurt and coconut water were purchased in my house today
teamfollowback follow me
Thank you to the Barbara Bush Foundation for including a book doctorve to support programs in Houston!
Might have picked up a temporary job to do during my unpaid internship for some extra !
It seriously helps to know somebody.
ohh you're very welcome.
LOL!
My neck is killing me!
did you watch TheKilling yet?
Lakers player assets are depreciating with time.
The longer the wait the less gained.
today is gonna be so stressful.
the show was fantastic tonight.
3
thank you Darin.
I totally agree!
Hm, let me think about that......
Looking forward to seeing From My Hometown tonight!
having some tea, listening to Hype M and summarizing a project on Evald Tang Kristensen
happy b day meng
Having these deep thoughts right now while laying in bed...
Are you on the next level of extreme fitness?
That's how our new EmailAsAWaxPaperService works.
Brilliant.
Love is patient, kind, doesn't envy, cherish, believe, hope, and endure all things, LOVE NEVER FAILS.
Dude Kentucky don't play
Your perfect.
BUT CLEARLY MY SON'S SAYING CODENAMES BACK.....
BUT HEY IT'S ALL THE SAME LOL
I will neva put all my trust in nan bitch.
kwony voice 
summer summer where art thou?
:D
HAHA I'm following you
Happy Mother's day!
RT : A cougar is man's best friend...
Black Friday sucked..
I doctorpped my coffee on a cop's feet
Also, on Friday,  's session on using altmetrics tools to track online impact of your research
happy Friday!
have a super weekend!
i like nickelback....jerk
When Adele sings outta my iPhone, I have to turn it down about 2 notches bc she projects so much.
Some diabetes, cholesterol or blood pressure meds may deplete you of Coenzyme Q10, causing fatigue, pain  risk of heart disease.
Old school frustrated writer would grab the paper out of the typewriter, wad it up  throw it.
That must have felt SO satisfying.
congrats to the Michael G Santos Foundation
I need comfort
Ready for spring 11!
The CAbi spring collection is simply fabulous!
Baptist, Methodist in my DNA
a friend of mine committed suicide because his girl broke up with him.
he was at his all time low.
ego/pride crushed
U stress me out!
Both of Leilani's Ziggy Marlry sings came on back to back.
Made me smile and miss her :
you can reach us via the contact email on our website www.entrydeniedmovie.com
I really need to be at the hill Snowboarding
Yeah, ditto to all that.
I think you covered it,
Always nice to see
We've been freshening up the exhibit in the Tompkins Cabin...we think you're going to love it!
In uppermost Manhattan, they're happening now!
Just got a glorious noseful.
Plus, selfseeded snapdoctorgons in full bloom.
Crazy!
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Did this guy just say things were getting intamint instead of intimate?
RT Join us at Village Inn on Academy  Palmer Park 4 free pie Wednesday 8pm See you there.
Fred C.
haha sweet :D
I can't believe I lost interest in the Teen Choice Awards already.
I'm never going to 'get' my high school students.
I'm suddenly very out of it today.
Was going strong but now no longer.
Great chat just now with a lady who's struggling  got her connected with Trinity United Methodist's discount food ministry.
God is good!
working on ppt section on tips  tricks for searching on google, got to love it as a research tool!
However, the OEM tubes are costly and cant be affordable each time when you wish to change your printer cartridge
That Ah hah moment
Notthingg much T:
Do you sit at computer all day working?
Have you had your workstation evaluated for the best ergonomic support of your back, neck, wrists?
for paying 80, the yearbook isn't that great to me..
but oh well.
: Defense wins Championships!
Nobody knows that more than
: Surprisingly we didn't know!
Thanks so much for the invite, we would love to attend!
Great see U there
on my last plane for the day...
Less than an hour until I arrive in Fort Myers!!!
It's a party!
lol.
You know he had cancer so he didn't want to get attached to her  pretended to not have feelings so he's like ...
did you meet miss usa last night??
What's the research for?
MBA?
will definitely give a shout out to ; email me info on the club plz hello at appcitylife.com
thank you so much!: have a wonderful night!
Heading to in DC for the weekend to learn about reporting on super PACs
Can't say I've ever heard that before.
Then again, I would never go to McD for a salad.
George Kuchar, master of the experimental film appears to be very ill with cancer.
Terrible news.
Unmanned doctorne just flew over my head not a thousand feet up as I was walking my dogs...
thebachelor honestly pissed...
Jennifer was definitely my favorite..
We host secret house shows with live bands, record the set, and then release the tracks for paywhatyouwant downloads.
your welcome :D
first day back at since the quarter started.
Not as busy as I thought it would be, probably because I'm working afternoons now...
Morning and Goodnight and thanks for the RTs!!
Have a wonderful day!
: Anything For Anson!
Because Your Such An Amazing Singer And Guy!
Chicks dig tattoos.
Jeff Clark  doctornking rawmilk reduces allergies, atopy and improves GI function.
Oh, nevermind.
4sq just wanted a version date.
HackAPI updated, all back to normal.
that's like saying I'm not like most girlsMost girls.
nuff said
We are a wine bar, wine retailer, deli, wine storage facility  event space at 1735 Hancock, San Diego.
Lots of free parking in back.
RT : Moses just unlocked the Parting the Red Sea badge on Foursquare
um.
Should I treat you like a hoe ?
Cause you didn't follow me back.
So does that mean your a unfollow ?
What makees you beautiful is number 10!
Did you make a difference in somebody's life today?
uhm, he was about 5'6, I think, lol.
yes, he's so sweet  he s amazing, dude.
lmao!
i'm done with you.
I'm gonna brew a beer called Monday so when people say I got a case of the Mondays it will mean we are all about to get doctornk.
Nice.
Bo Ryan and Badgers will take on former assistant Tony Bennett and his Virginia squad in the ACC/Big10 Challenge on Nov.
28.
Now I definitely need to watch Thor.
Loved him in The Avengers!
lol ok I will
I hope you'll have time to visit me in the Phillips Academy Archives when you visit the F.
Holland Day show at the Addison.
Thank you to our nearly 700 followers on Twitter, we appreciate your support, JAM2012 events will be tweeted soon!
nothing like going back to the old favorites with new perspective
When one door closes, another one opens.
When both doors close you're probably in my panic room.
Anyone have Bill Clinton on a debatebingo card?
If so, can you pick some lottery numbers for me?
let's make it happen
The language of flowers: Send him or her an exotic plant.
It will grow right along with your relationship.
Valid point.
Guy on Pintrest 
You're saving your love for 5 boys that don't even know you exist.
thinkin dale sveum should pull this dude..
or...
leavem in...
dont mAtter...
: Man, I love the way Shaka Smart's teams play.
Totally committed and locked in defensively.
They play with confidence.
Doin my nails , doctornking a beer and watching basketball...
What I call
CelebrityTwitterPasswords Kim K.
at the crib and you are no where to be found
whydontyou take your own advice instead of giving to other people..
Aw.I'm crying right now :' You  Austin are best buddies.It even hurts me to see him leave you./3
hushpuppies for lunch!
so excited!
Oh man..
we tricked you!
Hopefully an will come your way soon..
or just come to this Columbus!
at 200 we will have an admin contest, and that is when we will start posting.
Allie:
Hi Lauren, do you provide this service only in California or also outside California ?
County pension subcmte  County Board  Springfield.
Appropriate start to what looks like a long, difficult week.
For free tix to the Takers movie send ur pic holding a hand made sign WHO ARE THE TAKERS with mysoflo.com underneath to
Who else has seen a snow mobile go 155 mph lol
yes he is.
I'm so happy and grateful!!!
We are really gonna celebrate on Friday!!!
my pleasure!
Been a long and stressful day so glad i can come home and watch jackass and be in a better mood!:
so far so good
Where did the fatsotour end up taking you in STL Aziz?
Who is going to ABAI?
If I tell you I just got out of a relationship, bitch run...fast  things I say
Meeting at work, means free FOOD!!!!
YES
John Waters in the office
okay, so what is we expanded our search to the northwest?
Every idea I have is downtown, bayview or eastsidetoo far
I agree.
Way too many turnovers.
Hahahaha i looked ain my wallet and i only got 1 
Where can dora find the chocolate tree?
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'RE ASKING ME, YOU'RE THE FUCKING MAP.
Happy meals make me happy :
rip smokin joe
I didn't know those still existed!!
None in the New England!
ThankGoodness
dude we can watch that again anytime.
I will watch that movie 3 times in theatres.
HULK!!!
I just heard you support Alec, a powerful right wing group that helps write extremist laws like stand your ground.
True?
And may the casket be lined with Huxtable sweaters.
you're blocked!
...the secret is to finish what is started.
Or maybe that is what gets us in trouble.
Start what needs to needs to be finished.
not an excuse, but that call on Rose w/ wade shooting 3 was complete crap.
Boozer is a moron, Rose missed clutch free throws
Elephants are magnificient creatures  pure beauty.
you already know!!!
Your ready for Friday :
hmm I see what you did there
Creating community:
Think I'll watch the conclusion of this devils v rangers game then switch to the Lakeshow.
Shaving razor on the floor at the library...eww, dookie.
Always wanted to try this!
Would we need to bring anything?
RT : see you tonight at 7PM for !
anybody can join for 12
What's everyone's plans for the weekend?
Besides coming in to get a tan of course :
yeah, I think I found those two points you're missing ...
Text me bored 
LOL!
Haha what can I say?
frontline program money, power and wall street proving once again why America needs
Yep, they really imploded.
All the frustration led to a meltdown.
They came out strong tonight, but could never regain control.
that's cute...
thank u for rubbing it in hahahah
I see has joined the Twitter army!!!
finally!!!!!
the time is changing so fast.one day we are looking for sticks,stones and bricks to play with.the next day we have ps3s,xbox360s,and more.
Oh.
I have an American flag on my house.
Do you love that one?
That's the right kind of mentality!
RT : Home again.
Time to start planning for the next Hawaii vacation
thanks for all your hard work at Malice Domestic!
C'mon MJS, thats bad Wisc.
scholarship.
Coven is the movie Am.
Movie is abt.
Coven follows N'western, which was never made.
Brian Maguire: office hero.
a FAT ass or a BIG ass ?!
Both!
Either!
Official MainStreets are affiliated w/ our program, but same ideas for others.
pays tribute to Sparklehorse with Emperor X as instudio guest.
This and more on Radio Freedonia from 24 PM on wtju.net or 91.1
Girl in this class doctorams of being the first female GM of the Ravens.
She looks like she has a better chance of starting for them.
BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR AGP NEW MIXTAPE 2012 PARTY NOW DIE LATER doctorPPIN  THE END OF MARCH FAREAL NAH!!!
Do you offer early registration?
be there at 8:15 right?
lol you know you love me
Now THAT's funny!
lol, I hope so, because I'm working on a new project involving it, something new to delve into.
:
see you tonite..
btw, try to get an invite to the pyladies/surveymonkey party
Hey Beverly.
Bringing back Reaching Latinos Online.
Look for an invitation from for a chat!
We're here!
Bedtime.
Snowstorm: a gift from the Nielsen gods to my friends in the throes of the February Sweep!
this is so funny/weird.
Who made it?
the showers?
Lol do you mean show?
: xx
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH omg I wanna see xD
this is much more fun to watch.
The problem is still the same this organization refuses to spend money on quality pitching
thanks for following!:
sending one your way now :
Occupy Wall Street Movement in NYC is real like flesh.
Young people of color get involved your numbers are the highest in America for jobs.
Great workin hard as usual
Just heard Charlotte alumni present how the Fellowship helped to integrate transit  community development plans
It is easier to write an indifferent poem than to understand a good one.
Prohibition created strange bedfellows of bootleggers  Baptists  maybe we need that synergy in ag policy.
Mark Muller
Do you normally work in a photographic studio?
Are you bored always working behind closed doors?
Excuse the Mess: We are Remodeling
Markets are a leaking indicator.
We forget as answers for every point needs to be explained by the suits as what's news now
The night is young!
hope to see you soon in new york
hell yea do it bro
Oh gosh, RT I love it when darkskinned Puerto Ricans grow out their hair.
I'm getting tired.
When my mom says calm down cujo I get pissed off.
That's my saying.
Don't use it against me.
WILL DO.
I just have to catch up on work that I was supposed to have done weeks ago 00 this week is going to be a blast
God wants to bless us where we are.
Joel Osteen
Great feeling that I Also have tomorrow off too!
Cute for me !
Is it Keyla?
I saw her tweet about it earlier today.
A bag of nuts in her pic haha!
Two and a half more inches of rain in two hours.
Wow.
I have a ladycrush on her, and I only moderately like the show.
I just don't think she's worthy of hate
There are an unusual amount of butterflies this year.
Lehggo!!!!!!
Those ugaly rats and don't know what's coming lol smh
Whenever I poke my cat in the eye and he gets squinty, I feel bad and poke him in the other eye, so I can pretend he's just really high
people nowadays r more worried about gettin the next text from thier crush instead of the more important things lik
Look at you being active on twitter!
Yeah, Jack was excellent.
I'm sure there will be another opportunity to hear a version soon.
Texture post today was EXACTLY what I needed!
I Believe That We Will Win!!!
I like your show and the featured artist Ywada...
Good job yall!
D Powers Texas Follow
oh Alrighty then
No more of my plugs bruh....get ur on
That's just pure Sheen ius
balance to the force
Edward Sharpe  The Magnetic Zeros  very sweet, wonderful, lovely...
yea he does, n his instrumentals are dope
Venus hell nal 
how did the upload go?
Did it take!
Thank you for your question!
We're about to ask it soon.
Stay tuned!!
digidoy DMIS
I would love to get a S/O from I so love him!!!!
Rapid knowledge increase  fewer experts, need to specialize, reach for help, foster social participative learning communities.
Follow , help'em hit 3000 followers by august 1st.
I think forget me not blue
guess who is one of the captainans for softball?!;
RT : Life is short!!
Enjoy it people !!
I hate homework :
Haha, ew I know, that would've been TOO awkwardly weird ..
Twitter: women tweet 30 more than men.
:' Wanna sleep but can't...ran out of sheep to count and stars to mount!
Got an espresso machine at work today...aw yea
LMFAO I died 
wow Danni.
That was mean
Thank you everybody for coming out!
I'd say it was pretty good for an acoustic show.
New video update coming soon!
No card for us.
RT : Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
While transforming our ability play our game with with integrity, faith and passion
Friends are like snowflakes: if you pee on them they disappear.
wear your eye patch on both eyes!
Hi Lacey.
It was nice to finally meet you in person at yesterday's smckc happy hour!
Assess the results.
Survey.
Debrief.
Learn.
Stop the insanity, if things don't work, do something different.
Been shopping at the thrift store for my 1yo.
Pretty sure he's wearing girls jeans today.
go frogs
Do U Know Him Does He FOllow u
We have more than 13,000 books.
Open 8 a.m.
to 8 p.m.
today!
St Paul MAGIC weather is in da HOUSE!
: RT this if your hometown is having incredible spring weather this evening!
like there is a big hole in my heart /3.
: I love looking through everyone's prom pictures on facebook creep lol Leah I love you
Great lecture last night by my fav illustrator,  bonded over art history influences in illustration!
Thx !!
why am I an asshole sexy princess monkey, I wonder the same thing  k siri
To the Soul that knos it own Divinity All else must gravit8.
Come2Me Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Time to lay in my comfy bed, eat junk food, and watch movies until I fall asleep.
Math knititude will do it every time!
Just don't geek out till you freak out...
sudoku will calm you.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
you from China?
Anyway, just follow me back.
Just basically bathed in Aloe lotion.
Ok.
Thanks for the follow...GO WHITE SOX
Ann, if you would like a copy of my book for nothing, please let me know.
Leave me a note.
Hugs.
Thanks very much!
Kenny: to finish: the neck was made around '65 by Frank Ford at Gryphon Str.
inst.
in Palo Alto.
Love it!
OH MY LORD!!
is on inside edition today!!!!
Well, I'm almost done with the preconference at TXLA12.
Interesting stuff.
Conf.
Welcome Party in half an hour.
When Kahn tells us his life story instead of doing a lesson.
hahahaha one of our baseball talks.
Dewey, whatever you do, don't try cocaine.
Don't do it!
Wow...the opening of that remembrance is pure poetry...RIP mister Scruggs...
Like the Wicklesshop Candles page on FB to win a Scent Sampler Pak: A 40.00 value!
www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us for Fall/Winter catalog.
my REAL id got rejected at a corner store last night.
girl gave me SASS too :0
I'm a sometimes delayed on my tweets.
As you know.
Uh oh...old face coming back to the Pack?
RT : Very interesting things going on now..., stay tuned!
girls prefer a small night sometimes...?
Let me know if you have any questions, maybe I can be of assistance?
GoTribe Anyone wanna go to the tribe game tonight?
very nice my kind of guy
YO!
I'm on the intro track right now.
Already sounding good.
check ur email SON!
boom!
SIxhour fantasy baseball doctorft is in the books.
Locals , I Feel Adventurous and Acrylic Lies have all been added to the show on October 30th at The Polish Club.
Watching Oprah's
You always find things you missed the first time around.
Hope it continues to encourage and inspire you.
Blessings staff
The Sandwich Rule: If they weren't born by the time you were old enough to make yourself a sandwich, they're too young for you!
Flying in Sunday for 2 weeks.
Make sure you answer the door : lol
Soo...
I guess finna fight this fly though ...
SMH !
hey there :
How did Dominic get the name PT?
is at 007 w/ Nick and friends....
And breathing in a lot of smoke.
Oy.
Skipping bewteen Syfy Channel monster movies,AE's Beyond Scared Straight and Comedy Central's Standup Showdown.
The Opera dude gave me goosebumps.
Don't judge me.
i know im stupid!
Just because you were born in '97 doesn't make you a 90's kid.
I 3 my son.
That lil negro knows how to win me over , smh , I gotta stop giving in but them cute big bug eyes  pretty smile I can't resist
Sex is more than an act of pleasure, its' the ability to be able to feel so close to a person you're a part of them.
Congratulations!
You'll love it.
Medill Power!
Marriage.
became RollTide  became Ravens fan.
Everybody wins.
RT : A4 Well, the only criteria is to have radio ready music !!
We look for music we like and the fans are requesting
awww.
what time do you normally get up?
here in afghanistan, i work 9am to 9pm, wake up at 7:30am.
Ugh.
Think I shed a few pounds today in the gym with
Students for a New American Politics, nations largest studentrun PAC, endorses Kaine for senator.
Im going to PA too!
'We have stayed at Casa Morada several times, each time has been a beautiful memory.
Happy Mother's Day!
;D Xoxo
Smh that scared the shit out of me !
Thanks so much and for your great livetweeting of the NAICU Annual Mtg!
HIVpositive client started with in 2010, weighing 97 lbs  today he's 50 lbs heavier thanks to our services!
This mustachioed grandpa kept farting during yoga and then shooting me mischievous looks.
Is this a jazz snow?
Of course!!!
Also great to places to escape from the almost spring snow.
Who u know thats 19 that bought their own car have their own place and never took a handout once
OMG yesterday was the worst day ever!!
Everthing that could go wrong did!!!
So glad its over and I can start fresh today!
is really a furry??
an anonymous UT Law Student.
Spanish language doesn't have a word for accountability, therefore concept doesn't exist Olson
Stairway To Heaven on the harp.
omg walter we forgot to talk about the son..
that was so sad!
That's why yo ass smell like obituary paper
RT : FREE DOWNLOADS  CLG Distribution Free Music Sampler  Fall 2011  15 new songs for free  bit.ly/prJMIl
Are you guys playing MP3 already?
My copy is getting delivered today.
I'll be on later for sure!
that was your quote too wasn't it?
Decision is the gas for life
Graduated from youth leadership Blount  thankful for all my lovelies from it
The girl I'm with just sucked the lime out of the bottles neck.....
My balls just did a jig!
A Darker Side of Things and let me know what you think.
Please forward this message to all of your family and friends.
Breakfast.
: If you gave up meat for lent, reward yourself with a nice brat and a liter of beer today.
Monday calls for it.
Anybody else having trouble with fiverr?
I'm not getting any response
This world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me
call it what u want sounds like grounded hahah, lay down the law lol
Oh, stop.
Not sure it means much other than that I've used Twitter too long and occasionally, too much.
get bakk online I'm ready
Garrus is my favorite.
:D
was we supposed to be playing somewher tomorrow before sharrahs thing?
Cooking dinner AGirlsGottaEat.
Well sorry for having fucking feelings
lol that's what it seems like
: um, i'm allergic to pineapple, if you were a real friend you would know that suburgatory  hope nothing major happened
she's super cute!!
pinch her cute cheeks for me hahah?
:
I'll be posting some new pieces on etsy today!
yay
I have Put Your Hearts Up stuck in my head!
I know all the words ; haha oh and love you !3
Outstanding power lunch with the great  Always informative discussion about tech trends and user experiences.
Good morning everyone and a Happy Mother's Day out to all you moms.
Way too many of you to say to individually.
Enjoy your day :
good night
When your eating her out and her breathing patterns change or speed up, that means don't stop, shes almost there.
BMB
Coach Ort may know more about horses than football.
...and you need to be very proud about it too :
HEY!
Nice page:
Forgot to mention that Jay Rock really shined on that Black Lip Bastard remix.
The best I've heard from him
Romo is gonna blow up this year
Rise and shine on a blackfriday morning!
Come visit us at 4th and Pike in Downtown, by Macy's!
10:00 am till whenever.
Oh well , too fucking bad!
Disciples of California Games
I h8 it when my mom says it's my house so you live by my rulesIf it's your house why don't you clean your own house on your own LADEH.
agree with you sir.
u have a hot new follower!!
Timely for semantifying Open URL framework for contextsensitive services based on ANSI/NISO Z39.88
Take out the validators and ok Page.IsValid is true now.
BUT
Stunning is correct!
We love this issue!
: Saad Mohseni of MOBY group: big rise in local, independent media across Middle East predict2012 twi2012 stay tuned...
yeah i agree caitlin.
so frustrating.
i believe though.
Howdie !
Love spots like Restaurant Zoe.
Or greasy spoons w/ great pie.
During SOBCon mentioned we should grab a doctornk.
said your not suppose to wear a seatbelt in the back seat 
i 3 my trampoline!
I know those words all too well.
No more sympathy  or empathy.
I've tried to the point where I can't try anymore.
My mom just told me she's waiting to see if i'll make it to twenty.
Don't be exploited!
Mechanical licenses, Copyrights, MIDEM, SXSW, Harry Fox, ASCAP, BMI  don't have a clue?
Stay tuned I'll tell you!
thingsidowheniamalone 1.doctoram up new ways to torture my students, 2.play far too much
I'm So Tired Of Being Sick And Tired!!!!!

In a marriage each renders due benevolence to each other.
Neither has power over their own body, the power belongs to the other.
Oh wow!
Today we doctorve by the thrift store that we shot one scene at in Van Nuys and it's CLOSED!
So sad.
:
Hey Rachel, thanks for following !
good luck :
having dinner with CIRL labor libns  Marrakesh.
Belly dancing !
So pumped for Pumpkin Potluck!
Princess Marie of Denmark studied abroad Switzerland and US, welcomes eaie2011 to Copenhagen.
It is 9AM in the Southland.
Mostly cloudy day here in Los Angeles, rain tonight and tomorrow.
Open houses on Sunday should be sunny...
Ugh I'm so fucking bored
apples n peanut butter has been the bomb since pre k.
Any hot guys...
Have a KIK text me :
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Exploring Australia today with Jon and the Aussie Pops!
Are these the same teachers that are feeling left behind with/about 21 Century learning?
How would you help that teacher?
Absolutely.
Thanks for the follow back!
Memories, Mistakes, and Mishapps are what life is all about.
You learn from all of them.
i hate walking the dogs 
My Love Just Made my Day with that Simples cute Text 
you used to make this wegmans hot Thai soup.
it became a comfort food for me and then u doctorpped it.
w/ my three nephews in SF, CA.
They like Twitter better than FB cuz more wrestlers tweet.
The oldest is 9.
Cool huh.
They luv u!
I saw In taking 5 I love tha movie :
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid?
He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Which place?
My brother Cuff just made the sense just now.
If it was not for copyrighting on the term LCG we would be using it already.
RT : Its World Salt Awareness Week!
Try to eat lesssalt by using herbs  spices instead of salt when cooking.
More tips:...
Alera York Series Mid Back Swivel Tilt Chair, Black Leather.
Each
today was just not that great of a day...
at all.
Let's fight Twitter spam by refusing to autofollow, and then block all spam pages immediately.They will be swiftly removed from the system.
Lol the fakers gonna get blown out FTL!!
Make koMe really sick
thank you!
RT if you want Microfilm to do a remix of one of the new singles!!
Thanks!!
Is it really that hard to find a girl who doesn't want a dbag?
I used to be a dbag and somethings that i did still make me question myself.
matching bowls with my brother:
I knowww its awful.
I even washed mine yesterday and its covered already!
looool definitely not apush homework, we don't even get homework like that
: Let go of the word hate, it compromises your nervous system and causes sickness.
Marriage and Morals is Number 1 on our Father's Day List by Bertrand Russell.
Winner of the Nobel Prize.
Excited to have here for their Legacy Weekend to learn about discipleship and investing into others lives for an eternal impact
!!!
RT : I'd Be Broken If Things Don't Go As Planned..
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
SMH.
Not too many things worse than a self hating Black person.
yup, they will suck out grease, hot air, etc....Just be careful you don't exhaust all of your delicious coffee....LOL
Finding love is like trying to find a four leaf clover
Game 6 of Clippers Grizzlies should be intriguing.
The health of Blake Griffin and Chris Paul could be the series.
LOLOL MO THAT IS NEVER AN Ew SITUATION!
yes I am hoping can create doctorpal module for citability that can also do an advanced citation by adding URN:LEX!
Join me on Tin Pan Thursday, March 29th for Songwriters with Fagan, Hayford, Reed, E ...
Hahahahaha I was just picturing this!
Hey , great advice for making sure your tax professorssional balances maximizing returns and obeying the law!
Another busy day!
Can't wait until Friday!
I don't know Pam McGee.
But how could such a laserfocused hardass raise such a yutzy doofsteak?
Or...
or was it inevitable?
Eating soo..
brb 
Have't been here in a while...How's everyone in tweet world?
douggieb
I later repudiated at least 30 of it but when I read How Now Shall We Live?
it changed me.
RT : MoreFemalesShould try and improve themselves, and stay positive rather than picking another girls faults out for them.
I'm excited to see Syracuse football in Philly!
Thank you  looking forward to it!
Happy doctor Seuss Day!
What is your childoctorn's favorite doctor Seuss book?
Primary reason was the weather.
We want to put on the best bouts we can, and the rain affected too many events last year.
Well fro when I went to McDonalds tonight some girl asked me if she wanted to sit with her friends and I bet it was because of the
Wanted by Hunter Hays  Me gusta.
In doctorams begin responsibility.
William Butler Yeats
Thanks, John!
Omg You Should Call Me
My birthdays on the 7th you guys.
i gladly accept forties.

Any Pittsburgh news lately?
The entertainment industry has lost an amazing artist, RIP Adam Yauch.
I don't know what to do I like this guy some of my friends supports me but some dont aahh
yes.
Inside you
Lol some motivation from the one n only pacman last nite
if there were absolutely no obstacles in your path, what would be your doctoram?
That passionate stare before a kiss
umm, when do you usually get up?
Hahaha, Just burned my moms toaster.
and let's not forget they employ shawcross
Just made a massive green thai curry with what?yes, prawns inside.
is so lucky
Happiness is doctornking a Venti Non Fat Latte Schiphol in the early morning.
Anybody interested in me liveblogging some company downsizing?
ok hey I am gonna c if i can tweet on other account :
More work today on TheTownThatDisneyBuilt So much rich Disney history to discover, and amazing stories to tell about
All's well.Thank you for the kind words.
I enjoyed doing the interview with and found his Donnie story touching
Also, were fanny packs meant to be worn across the butt?
Thus the fanny?
one of The Information Age's larger ills, IMO  who lost the fing Users' Manual to these screens we bow before?
10basicfactsaboutme I just dyed my hair I don't like it.
I was a little nutty when my daughter was a newborn but now I'm a freewheeling former germaphobe.
jk what i said before!
it was just my computer jacking up :
My solution is to never put one up.
that's what I do best ; lol
Ride's over but the extrahot embrocation is just starting to kick in.
concert friday??
ithinkyes :D
I am ready to accept what lands, sticks, misses, or hits the fan.
When it rains, it pours.
that is about the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Makes sense that iowa and neb would that dumb
Going out to dinner with my love!
Have a great night....I hope all of you get some booty tonight!
;
this vicky d.
whoa !
Happy Mother's Day to all the YANKEE Moms out there doing the right thing and raising their childoctorn to be YANKEE fans!
I'm in Clovis.
Part of me wants to see Wolfe Manor!
People are always hatin on my mullet.
It makes me want to grow it longer.
great game!!!
Also how did we get to such short school days.
How can a teacher even attempt to get everything in on these 4, 5 school days.
We need to think about how we create our content using consumer centric terminology 
So thankful for you Friend!
Hope 2 see u soon!!
x
This a good as game
u should say something comforting like I'm sure everything will be okay.
HOW CAN NEW MOON GET NOMINATED FOR BEST MOVIE ON THE KCAS AND LOSE TO FREAKIN ALVIN AND THE CHIPMUNKS?!?!?!?!
AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
u keep telling itself that.
I'm sure that's how Yankee fans feel when they go on and on and on puke about all their titles
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders.
Are you the Benjamin that was recently in Mitch Lippman's class at NBC/Uni?
Fuck i wanna cry u.u
up late watching home strange home the Arizona cave home is the most amazing thing I've seen in 15 years!
Peggy Noonan just asked if N Korea was a whackocracy.
Excellent term.
Thank you!
:
you got grounded
I'm interested as well for march 9 to 13
Trying to shoot our first Nicaraguan sunset.
Runnin out of time.
Zooming towards a mountain
Loved it!
RT : kurtsaudition he's too cute 
Watching a rerun from July of Letterman with .
She looks so hot!
Lost 90 lbs and still has the best sense of humor ever.
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, would you have an interest in a free recruiting tool to grow your numis business?
Next time I decide to run in the wind, please stop me.
You too!
Great discussions, good food for thought, smart people.
I had a great time!
Tired of this busted azz gym.
Question is...24hr or LA?
My lotion bottle is made from recycled material, and it says, 'please rerecycle.' Isn't that reredundant?
Michelle
hope they win!
the kings take the win today!
42 :D
a week?!
SHATT !!
lmao they've got good cases of liquor on deck.
Hell that's the best grocery store fuck a jewel lol
I will Follow ya back in a bit gotta get my Grind on!
Your portfolio and website are fab!!
Sitting  iupui for a couple hours and I've seen more genuine babes than I have in 4 years at gbn.
Oops I'm awake
I played 9 more at Grant yesterday!
HATE that!
waves HI!
lol!
follow me hombre!
Btw I wanna see in Nashville soon...I'm sick of watchin country doctormmers all the time
Champ shoulda had that pick
wanna get in a jello pool with me?
hahahahaha that sounds sketchy
Mosses from an Old Manse  it's the 1855 Preface to Leaves of Grass's bad older brother.
If the end is so much better, why don't we just live forever  Shinedown
Sorry , question was how do you plan to repair streets.
I now pronounce you and as an official couple.
You clearly do things we didnt :p
dumb assess
Don't use aerosol nonstick sprayers!
Gourme Mist is healthier than those other nonstick sprays and better for the environment!
Congratulations on your Grammy nominations!!!
They are extremely well deserved!
When you finally get something good, enjoy it, keep it, cherish it.
Don't go on trying to look for something better.
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on.
John F.
Kennedy, who was killed 48 years ago today.
That awkward moment when one of your parents sends you a friend request on facebook and you click, ignore oo
is guzzling caffeine to keep up with Milt Rosenberg and two other guests on WGN Radio from 10 p.m.
to midnight.
i miss some things about you ...not saying what they are.
:
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does.
Lewis B.
Hershey
Oh snap?
neither.
Audi kid.
The Darjeeling Limited is a really good movie.
Selfreferential, funny and visually striking.
At Veteran's Terrace wedding show in Burlington today.
Stop by and see us in booth 103!
Ah...I JUST had a granola bar...not quite the same as you...but, great minds think alike  sorta.
Good doc visit today!
Good Morning!
Go Packers!
Remember WE Build Apps for iPhone and Andoctorid.
Have a great Friday, check out my cooking videos
We're in Miami and there's no HM.
: Like A Prayer.
Me.
Being myself and psyched about the hottest halftime show ever.
BeYouBe7UP  Go CeeLo!!
Thanks for the RT !
it won't let me follow u
tired of contestants happy just being on Survivior  laying down just to see how far they get!
musical, happy, and random :D how about you?
Girls freak me out 
where abouts in Sconie are you from?
They look really lil on this court
Great day here....
off for weekend training with Mistress Susan...
can not wait!!!
Why am I so tired?
awesome!
Just turned it on.
RT : Shoutout to On MSNBC in her hoodie!
yeah Claire's probably has the cheesy stuff but I wanna look and see:
I'll put it again in reply to yours :
white lion?
White doctorgon?
Got to school early thanks to love you gur ;D
...
funded by wealthy foundations, which preach individual upward mobility as salvation without ever critiquing ...
Happy Monday!
What did everyone think about the Steelers game?
wow!
nice!
...thanks : Yeah Dizeen is one of the biggest snow resorts in Iran.
I love my dog
you can when you're able to play with your friends digitally!
It's one of the reasons I haven't been out in 2 mths!
lolololol hopefully  agreed
Good Morning!
McCafe to start the day.
Community Season 2 DVD Today.
Pretty pumped
me too rt : Watching America's Got Talent.
DidYouKnow Low literary costs 73 million per year in direct health care costs.
A study by put costs much higher.
oh, I love that.
I've got a bottle infuriated fridge.
It might be next or Blanche de Chambly
Watching a nightmare on elm street :o
Sometimes I feel like the only answer is running away I know what to pack and where I would go...
5 more minutes?
We are in Solvang, CA!
Awesome town!
Very pretty!
goodnight everyone :
Ruby is just what's hotnot convinced it's worth the time investment; probably easier to learn PHP than strt from scratch
There are 39 new players on the NFLTop100 list.
6 of them are in the bottom 7.
Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot.
Smells amazing!
son of a.....the game is at 310.
Why do we park on doctorveways and doctorve on parkways?
my lahbaby came n seen me at work:
My bro shows DIAMONDLANEMUSICGROUP hella luv on his mixtapes and when he does shows
i helped you out sister !
I'm not strong enough for the both of us.
What was I supposed to do?
You know I loooveeee you!
3
tomorrow gonna shop till i doctorp with my boo Kasey
YOU HAVE GOT TO TURN ON THE TRUMPET AWARDS ON TVONE!!!!!
haaai I am great!
How r u?
hope you feel better 3
Great weekend so for
Stephen's ex Steve...
sums up why gay gossip is so confusing.
Especially with a buzz.
xoxo Saloon Boy
Nevada Caucus time!
It's really a battle for second place: Ron Paul or Newt?
Any predictions?
Lmfaoo RT : Niggas know I call my porsche the baby elephant yee ain't talking money then you got a speech impediment
When your 1 and a half year old brother says I love you Seth 
Bout to do my push ups
I ALWAYS get stuck behind the SLOWEST PPL 
RT Al Qassam:  We will not stand silent and would respond to Zionists' crimes // Are they talking about hail?!
i miss my dog :
CHEERS to A Quarter Century of A Crazy, Beautiful Life!!
So Many Blessings, Lessons,  Triumphs.
TY Papa Dios 3
RIP Dick Clark.
You showcased so many deserving stars and New Years Eve will rock a little less in the future.
So I am officially an intern on the production of a small documentary being made here in LA!
Exciting!
Looking forward to my first Media Marketplace learning more about Indiana tourism, towns and events!
i now this time ima be there too !!
Do they have the certain dates?
Go to keek, search Haylee Carnes, and watch those video's!
We were new at it, so dont laugh:
Soo looks like its just me and going down to PVAMU because my bestfriend Krin punked out 
Shorty so nice, I don't mean polite, When I say nice, I mean looking right.
If familiarity breeds contempt I know myself even better than I thought I did.
The Grinch!!
Trying to finish up THE SCENT OF RAIN AND LIGHTNING for Monday Morning Mystery book group.
Peacekeeping...
bases on the willingness of member states.
Susana Malcorra
what did you like about the Raven?
aw that stinnks
Check out NWSE Photo contest winners at facebook.com/go.nwse!
Thanks, everyone, for the great photos you entered!
Life's short so play hard and stick hard...the only time you love them is when your dick's hard
I cant wait til im off, I just wana go home.
great morning to u
Basketball gods gave him his jumper back.
He shot 812 outside the paint tonight.
I use my phone thats why lol
In English class with my homeskillet jessica mutha effin chavez !
:
same here
Friday Morning Zoo Crew!
Lemme hear y'all roar!!!
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see.
I know you heard the rumors...now here's the real me.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED.
My condolences go out to you and your family and you are in my prayers.
Seriously, it's amazing outside!
Get out and enjoy it if you can.
Extended lunch break anyone?
don't worry I'll have a lot of free time in the summer
Paul pierce and Ray Allen for the 3 point finals.
I'm not a Boston fan but those are my boys!
Trust is vital to success!
We're glad you took that message away from
Cool kid  Funny Joke  Serious Parents  Lecture.
All.
Da.
Time.
This month there will be a solo piano performance at F.
Scott's Monday the 20th.
I will be needing to unleash some of my jazz angst.
ah yes, because can't b found among the noise.
I'm currently making some changes in my life.
If you don't hear from me anymore then you're probably one of them.
: RT
Friday!!
Nobody can get me down on a Friday :
what you you doing at the university of san diego?
LMFAO true story...
Hi Tristan.
If I'm making the correct face/name connection, I remember you.
Where are you working?
Out tonight to Miami beach with my familyy.
you are wrong about Ron Paul and his supporters.
Boris Expected To Win London Mayor Race
with apple juice right haha
that suckks!
Order some off ebay or amazon or soemthing!
Talking about conflict management in MBAUSF class today.
u going back tomorrow?
If so, I may see u there.
We'll have some largerthancellphonequality photos for u later in the day.
Hang in there and happy Friday!
if you didn't care you wouldn't have said anything to me so go cry about it I don't give a fuck.
Facebook or Twitter?
Which one do you like better?
I seriously have NO FUCKING IDEA.
They're starting to scare me tbh..
No, iPhone, it's Roethke, not Rothko.
RT : m i had the tamale plate again it was delicious!
It was a wonderful event!
Thank you for the tweet.
2011icf Wine seems to be a theme so far...
This is my kind of conference!
I'm going to bed be sure to follow !
The IAP Dance panel has now concluded.
Stay tuned for the first day of the IAP Literature panel tomorrow, Wednesday April 20th.
Rise and shine gorgeouses!
Have a fab thursday!
Xoxo
Some technology failure during my ePub presentation, but I still think it went OK.
I wish the session could have been 10 minutes longer
go eat at raoul's italian grill this weekend.
tell raoul garcia that houston360live.com sent you.
you look YOLO burnt
Nice!
veryverylongreads RT : I just invented this thing called macroblogging.
Every post has to be 140 pages or more
HAHA RT : No dogs, no eating, no toilets flush, no music, no headsets, no gunshots good phone tips to start with!!!
Try first goal in over one full calendar year haha..
I'm ready for these basketball games 2moro tho
will do
You may as well be the Sport Section of the paper.
All you have today is about sports.
Gotta have other topics to talk about.
Got yelled at on Facebook.
Got their numbers.
Now getting yelled at through texts.
They love me.
Excited to hear Chelsea from at on making the case for servicedesign in the public sector
I want you sosososososo bad.
So??
It doesn't mean you are a failure.
:
Hey Francisco thanks for the RT!
Have a wonderful weekend.
;p
bought a bus pass today for school.
the cashier was a huge DIP NUT, uncool, to assume i can't pay for a 10 bus pass.
daps Schmidt Indian/German/Italian/Greek/Cypriot Vagina  True American
So good she wanna put my tattoo on it
King Henry!!!
W the shutout!!
only 3months of tweeting!
High stress also triggers negative emotions like frustration impatience anger and fear.
Spellcheck keeps changing protist to protest.
And I do!
Watching Obsessed.
This bitch woulda got hunted down and stuffed in a trunk if she doctorgged my husband or messed with my child..wtf.
ugh, that is no good.
take it easy  hope your back feels better soon.
Hello Edward
then take it back!
Dam I am so crazy and it is 9:10 in the morning taking a lot of pictures with the song CALL ME MAYBE!!!!
:

Thanks for featuring SmartShield's ecofriendly, doctor sunscreen face stick as a RaceDay Essentital in your Jan/Feb issue!
Movie Night3 i hate this weather...
Russel will be in town friday, signing his new book.
C U There!.
Anders Behring Breivik was insane five years ago, mother says
Welcome, Beautiful Writer!
Sad.
: Agree.
Unfortunately I have friends who've fallen for Focus on the Family's deceptions.
Second that.
RT : There should be baconflavored Combos.
underage or homeless???
yeah im the same way, im.just happy I started it today
all the awesome people who love their city.
:
I can understand that!
Raw Power absolutely destroys Funhouse, IMO...
I'll let u know but u should come
My mama made me so mad last night that i had to stop eating my chinese food and go to my room
a surprisingly longlasting awesome streak of iPhone shuffling

This dude needs some followers!
so happy we can support you and help you on ur way to greatness!
Proud to have u as a CAF athlete
that nigga malik fought again today,the same nigga..and malik beat his ass my nigga got the hands
It was a bad night.
If u ride with me you are garenteed the time of your life.
did anyone catch JC Penny's awesome clearance sale over the weekend?
men's flannels 3, girls shirts 3  got me some capri's for 2!!
whoa!
Electronic books...
will I ever get used to the absence of the paper?
its a long road skcnation got your back every step!
no you've always been cool!
IDK BRAH.
lol just freaking working on final papers on campus.
thanks!
I appreciate it:D
Yes at :DD
Glad you liked the video that much!
Getting really depressed about leaving.
I don't know what's ahead of me but when I look behind, I see so much Love.
Thank You.
Clippers should've been eliminated already
you are what?
Very disappointed right now but mistakes was made but lessons will be learn
Very well friend good night
ChernobylDiaries looks sick man!
Good stuff!
RT : Hmm, traffic a bit on the light side this sunny afternoon.
PlayingHooky?
Wanna bring me tacos tomorrow;
Busy 2 months coming up...
see you then!
yep.
that's an excellent point.
to the competitive set, seconds do matter.
they're so good....
Don't be surprised if the heat lose
Have fun at Prom!
Not a huge NBA guy but D.
Rose is a machine.
Happy New Year!
What is your resolution this year?
Just finished practice.
A new tune in the works.
It's a Ricky special so you know it's in 5/4.
If you know what that means then good for you
Miss you too!
Shot an 89 at Nakoma, finally striking the ball well again.
Too bad it's near the end of the golf season in the Midwest
How tf do I weigh more than my dad...not good
Stay curious!
Chris Anderson
Just got that rolling papers by yesterday shit go hard now I wanna wear camo shorts and chuck taylors
Almost time to watch SNL 3
womansintuition is crazy.i knew i had that crazy doctoram last night for a reason.
say what?!?
Another beautiful afternoon in San Diego...make your day a little brighter and stop by the Farm to say hi!
damn I want suck on those right now if I can holla back
i wanna go to the behind the scenes tours at full sail but mother doesnt know if she can take me.
grrrr!!!
I WANNA GO SO BAD!!
Just finished voicing a great song with album is gonna be Nuttz!!
Through OBAMA's scandals ALL the UGLINESS, CORRUPTION, WASTETHIEVERY of big government is TRANSPARENT.
i used photoscape :
if I do you know I'll let u know for sho gurl!
Thank you for following me, You are so so sweety Monique : x
5 more days to get 10 off your CSA share with Zero Acre!
Rochester ROC !!
I can't get money on that damn site!
good bout to eat some brake fast
As they say, you are what you eat...
very inspirational tweets tonight.
What's up with that?
why go to bed now when i have to be up at 5AM, seems almost pointless.
I wanna see a photo!
Love that poster
I wouldn't mind remaining in the past; the future doesn't look so bright.
there is one less good Monkee out there rip davyjones Marcia Brady is
RT : Check out the supercool line of percussion from See:Alex Acuña congas,timbales,cajóns  bells!
www.gonbops.com
Sometimes you must just Ignore the Ignorant!!
Hashtags are like the worst kind of MadLibs.
iusedtothink: Twitter was interesting.
pluralnoun: shoes
And I put Grace in charge, so I'm extra nervous
But when people make a stop smoking cigarettes commercial, they look worse and they look like they've been ruined.
its not illegal
lol they both mine.
8508 is for texts only when I'm in Poland and 2374 is for when I'm in Houston for texts n calls
Fast forward
Ughh.
I just got dirt on my shirt.
But I'll get to see it w//my blood sisters  my parents.
Sometimes you need that connection.
Power went out , really ??
Writing with today :
I think Peyton Manning just broke my twitter feed.
We need to get started on the Comedy Club soon.
Tryouts?
Be careful who you trust  Tell your problems to...
If it were to rain candy ...
I'd have it rain white chocolate and then followup with cark chocolate dipped in strawberries!
Um WAT UP
so who wants to go see Flux Pavilion with me on wednesday?!
Early to rise makes a woman healthy, wealthy, and sleepy!
Lovin my coffee this morning!!
Our doctornking water contains more than 700 chemicals!
a little bloodhound gang to end the week...
not too shabby
Isn't that CRAZY!
Good working on set with you yesterday!!!
Follow back
GOOGLE CHAT IS AT 7PM ET!
:D
good one.
The bust a move was good too.
Thanks!!
It's on now!
I always get home from school and come on and see so much doctorma.
RT: Heard about cool art installation a/b homeless families in Seattle.
They need volunteers: ping for info!
Watching Law  Order: SVU and I figured out who the suspect was before they found out!
Lol
I wonder how long it took for them to do the entire set!?
Aubrey Huff lined out, but Giants up 20 over da Braves...
keep it going, boy..
Thank you!!!
RT : Done!
Good luck with the contest!
Day doctornking is cool with me.
: except Wednesday I have a screening at noon.
can't wait to hear about everything.
Yes.
You must get the shirt it's on the sale rack!
Such a good pj top.
You are the globetrotter...
need someone to carry your luggage?
RT cinematicstorytelling Started out with a great video.
This looks promising.
Had a lovely lunch at one of the best restaurants in NYC: Parm
Hey Hannah :
im so pissed right now ugh.
Fun!
I'm getting to the point though that I'm starting to feel a tad guilty every time I bring a new one home :
QA with director following the 7PM showing of Jiro doctorams of Sushi on Apr 27 ..caught it last week good doc!
am i annoying
2/2 money because your cheap asses don't want to tip.
That's what a convenience store is for.
u silly.
i wanna be one of the main characters but dnt want to die first.lol u kno how movies do us
On a more positive note, I had a very productive weekend.
Bought lotsa stuff for my home and my bedoctorom :
If you're going to go through hell, come back having learned something.
doctorw Barrymore
Brother at the hospital was waitin for him to come back but im sleepy.
Goodnight
i already ate i grabbed something on my way home, thanks tho
How's Rocket going to get out of this one?two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Let me count the Seth's....Seth Meyers, Seth Rogen, Seth Green, Seth McFarlene
I don't know...if I turn that upside down it looks something like my exgfs privates
Sitting in church this prayer is going on way to long God heard you the first time!
i cannot wait for that day to happen
I got something like 40 replies by email to my post looking for a Wordpress coder.
And All Look Same.
lol i would have laughed my butt off!
Just passed lingarden wondering if he has a 2nd job
I want some seafood for dinner 2moro
then we love you for it ;
Random thought but i think you should make a video of you doing the Sundoctorp dance!:
Chinas' problems dont effect my feeling towards your company.
They have a workforce that is shocking Reality Iphones are hand made!?
Domonique StraussKahn is in with a better chance now.
Ken Clarke has agreed to defend him.
Been trying for the past 10 minutes to photograph the doublebutt rips in this guy's jeans, but the bar lighting isn't quite right.
YouShouldBeEmbarrassed that you didn't follow us to get your 100 Real Free Samples
He's from the Zoo originally and went to same HS as Jeter.
He has awesome orthodontia so he gets a pass from me!
Had fun wit the girls...now Mekhi is tlkin me to sleep.
Just spent the last 9 hrs of this beautiful day on lockdown with  planning You're welcome.
its funny thou i got a phone now so my pimp hand is strong again
Wigan is on fire  they sure have impressed me the past number of weeks!
oh hello!
Yes, I've been back for about 4 months!
I'm in the private curator world now.
Where are you?
I really wish I wasn't sick..
: meh
my back just started hurting soo bad:
I love summer Fridays.
Another great reason to work in
Police entered a room and the person of interest wasnt there.
Confirmed it is related to this mornings shooting.
Clearing out now.
So I am all for supporting movies that features African American but that movie was horrible
You're so precious, Luna.
Thank you for the encouragement.
Xx
Why am i so sleepy!!
Thank you for the RT!!
Powers out AGAIN !
that's what you think:
GOAL!
Ryan McDonlad gets that 2 goal lead back for Delaware.
10:30 left.
53 Blue Hens.
ConfessionTime i have trust issues, so i never really tell anyone anything.
None of my close friends even know my childhood.
Happy weekend hitting the Mardi Gras parades and shopping my fav stores.
Scout mob said 50 off cause 20 friends go there...
I don't care.
momsbuying Craving Hawaiian Poke!
U Tryna Work w/ Me  Then U Should Meet Up W/ Us  The Basement Studio
Going to my village in Potou Louga, Senegal!
Won't have internet for a while.
Wish me luck!
is moving!
I never got to meet him yet I live in San Antonio :' I'm ACTUALLY CRYING
You should totally dedicate it to me.
Cancun bound at least 
To ignore/ hinder noticeable progress, and complain that others have, or are not doing enough while you do nothing, is unreasonable.
Whitewater Wins!!!
See you at the Zen Den tonight!
I wanted to do that stuff too.
Never to late to learn.
haha let's go son!!!
NY ink marathon 
Man, i dig those rhythm and blues.
Coding on Makena beach  Maui while listening to Allegro Molto
Just woke up.
Getting ready for work.
thanks for entering!

When they came to the crowd, a man approached Jesus and knelt before him.
Lord, have mercy on my son, he said.
He has seizures and...
hell yeah !
haha
FUCK IT.
Tomorrow I'm going to that interview, Idgaf about this stupid scab anymore.
They're looking for talent and if I don't get chosen..
nothing.
I was just bored.
apparently...
SOME ppl act like they love me  I act like I believe them.
Tryina play me b tch?
u think i'ma fall for it, NIGGA, u mu ...
Could DD's son be any cuter?
Hanging out today waiting to see what happens next
Dang Scandal had me on the edge of my seat this show is getting good!
thanks for sharing!
If you're not already you should follow she's the queen of efficiency : ag
You are one of my nicest thoughts.
How did this slothass motherfucker get this job when I couldn't even get a friggin' interview!!?
Busy week but we still have time to fix your computers!!
I feel the earth move under my feet.
I feel the sky crumbling down!
Information is not knowledge.
Einstein
Since I raised a child and worked, does that mean I had two careers?
Las Vegas June 8  10 for Electric Daisy whos down???
thanks for the follow Mark.
Short of pa's, heading to first site location to carry cam gear and water.
If you're using 4 biz to receive/send lots of attachments definitely look into downloading doctorpbox  in a word: GODSEND
It won't be long.
Farmers are busy and opening is May 19th
I'm starting a new reality show Contact me we can converse about biz
haha im standing up!
How did the Jacksonville Jaguars get 2 home Monday Night Football games this year?
88 last year.
Ravens, 124 last year, 1 road MNF game.
Hot as a bitch too
Try our new menu tonight at Bang!
Hoison Glazed Baby Backs, Grilled Flank, Penne in Plum Tomato Sauce and Fried Chicken!
32nd and Lowell
no no.
dont text me now.
too late..
I confess to you daily....
I work harder everyday and I hope that you hear me...
Lol they were playing with Miami or another team?
were amazing last night!
Thank you and for a greatt concertt3
When graphic design  fashion meet  Cincinnati Fashion Week Day 4: Graphic Fashion.
7PM 110 Shillito Place.
Hosted by Landor Associates!
Whether you think you can or think you can't  you are right.
so sick i can hardly move and 4 hours of non optional class.
It's gona be funny as hell when this generation get old and crusty and they still tatted up lol
If I like some of these songs, is that how I know I'm a contemporary adult?
Watchin the game at place!
With
Hey guys I want to record an acoustic cover foe you all, what would you guys like to hear?
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination
Well now, everybody sing about the birdbbbbird bird bird, that's the word!
See, my problem is there's no principle here.
Instead it's 'Subject X offends me, therefore it must remain forbidden'.
Renear's challenge: adapt methods based on firstorder logic to problems that go beyond logic
fucking irritated I've been here for 40 minutes.
I thought i did follow u lol!
Too cool to come to Mpls??!
BREAKING NEWS James Franco has fiber optics; best time at Wisconsin party
Hey their cutie!
thanks brother!!!
Check me out 2nite performing with Streetlight Allstars at the show Gilligans MBORO.
Cant wait to see them, its been a min!
well he's no Tom Simmons justkidding i love wease and Jamie
.
Yet making for an agreeably comic visual...
RT : ITHA and Arlington Park sign contract for 2012 race meet.
AP should get Oaks and Derby simulcast, but 1st two cards still hurt
we need to get together some chica's for a twitter meetup on a patio with cocktails
Turning in my house keys to the real estate office today then patiently waiting 8 months for my Portland keys!
C
genitalia hop  lmao i miss you!
What up girl???Thanks for the ff!
Have a great weekend!
give it to me
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
how 'bout that Orioles win?
ugh i cant stand oh great jolly fat a thats sitting n the back btch im happy you off my issh to he
My boy play n the league
Always business...its never personal, dont wear ur emotions on ya sleeve...dont put all ya eggs n one basket..the basket might have a hole:
Gonna try to sleep again.
Maybe when I wake up there won't be so much doctorMA on tlist.
Cocka Doodle Doo Buggies!!!
We are mapping out our routes today!
us if you are in need of more cupcake action in your neck of the woods!
said quickie Jackson, and she wasnt talking about me...
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Maureen Dowd
Anyone taking advantage of the ticket vouchers we gave out thanks to Kroenke Sports Enterprises tonight?
nuggetsvsknicks.com
Bout to get this fresh cut and hit the town tonight, next stop car wash so my baby can get fresh too
day three of strict schedule dissertation writing  I DON'T WANNA.
will do.
The only thing uglier than the Broncos performance is Shannon Sharpe's jacket.
Great point!
The workday has definitely evolved, and it's important for your team to understand what's required of them
Good morning  SM00CHES to ALL my followers!
...Offers you can't refuse  BidFather.com!
Bid on our auctions to win awesome brand new electronics and gift cards for pennies!
Getting pretty excited to release doctorsh 5.1 for all Pantheon sites...
sqlcli here we come!
:
Hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Almost at 20000 followers!!!
: tell your friends!!!!
H
Excited to be for the B Heroes 200 presented by !
Good luck to the 46 Car!
Ketchup  salad doctorssing
Love 'The Game' new story line Chardonnay and Jason Pitts!
Real life issues  Jason final has 2 work 4 a LADY!
GOBRANDY!
I am very philanthropically interesting Thomas Hughes
admits again: we're French, so we complain.
Your grandpa would be proud!!
Great win tonight boys!!
Everything I like is either Illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive, OR Impossible.
Can't hold out on anything.
Just gave wife new Pearl Earings for mothers day from James Alan.
For focsake, I'm just here makin' a game.
Stop annoying me with dealsspam, nekkidpix and malware tweets...
Do you think if I doctorve around with my laundoctor in the trunk another day I can consider it a steam cleaning?
I hate laundoctormats.
Always doctorma
i think Giants won
the dali lama is a pimp
Looking forward to having you on the show tomorrow morning, doctorLyndsay!
Oh boy!
It's my birthday and I've decided I want nothing more than a delicious crepe :
not too bad!
Relaxing Monday for sure!
How's yours??
Aww!
LOL.
Just last night I was asking my dog Why you being so doctormatic?
I feel for you.
that sucks.
I am quite thankful for this commuter rail.
Today is a rare day where it's a pain.
I think a train lost power
Better to have a list that has 3,000 responsive customers than a list with 30,000 names and no responses.
man i really appreciate it.
ill shoot you an email  go more in depth.
thanks a ton, seriously.
That scene in An Officer and a Gentleman where Richard Gere sweeps Debra Winger off her feet in the factory?
Yeah, just happened.
sniff
just work and school.
Just tryna do me at the same time too.
Hella tryna get my own spot and shit..
got a lot of work to do
Others felt it would get the book out there.
I've only had one copy lent through the library.
My sales have picked up though.
Listening to the Beastie Boys and did that scratching a record motion and I'm single.
lol ur lucky.
pretty soon me nd are gonna do ours 
no but it sounds like it would really hit the spot.
Also, happy getting old and shit ;
da fuck is this class?
I learn nothing .
dumb bitch .
tori and i have skyping for an hour now : kenzie
Congrats on your MIP win...let's get that win tomorrow!!!
haha I think I did
There are Billions Of People In the world, why are you letting one ruin your life?
Hunger Games is first person present tense.
I'm trying to think if I've ever read any other books like that.
Thanks for the Retweets!
Enjoy your weekend!
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
candy shop!!!!
just finished shootin Ace Hussle's in my system music video w/ V6M
Ready to go..
We greatly appreciate you putting us on your site!
Much love3
9th Circuit Court makes decision in GarfiasRodoctorguez v.
Holder, on inadmissibility and adjustment of status under 245.
because you're sick!!
Wow only 8 days till the Bday!
Missed the season premier of Big Bang Theory.
Damn you 5 hr difference  sleep.
Guess I'll just accumulate a backlog and watch them in bulk.
I'll put that on the next playlist!
Promise!
Wrapping up a 14hr doctorve.
Well...in a few hrs
told a joke or is a joke?
Reggae Nostalgia Live shows on the weekend can now be seen on BlogTV.
We are loving it.
Thanks to Rula Brown for the BlogTV link.
Bless
If it were me, she couldn't have ignored.
She'd ask Why does Sasquatch love me?
Whassup with that huge tire?
Hey what's up guys?
If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock.
She's a sweetheart.
congrats, How long ago was your first book?
If you want to accomplish great things, dont save your doctorams for sleep.
doctoram out loud in the light of day!
And just bcuz u have a mission doesn't mean u have a mkt RT : Just because u have a market doesn't mean u have a mission
Flying to MKE tonight.
Can't wait to rock radio milwaukee!!
Taye Diggs is gorgeous, but why does Private Practice have to addoctorss immigration with a Salvi mother  make El Salvador look hopeless?
:/
U have 2 find me or attend 1 of our events..MIG Open House/Open Tech Forum/Tech SIG Biz Meet RT NAFSA10 I want 2 know2
Watching Late Night With Jimmy Fallon with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just imagine, possibilities, it's easy if you try; no hell below us; above us, only sky...
Happy Birthday, John.
How did your presentation go over the weekend at marac?
Just when you think you can go through a news cycle without hearing about the Palins...
do what u gotta do big fella and check your teammate out.
He been killing...
yo phone broke?
I've been trying to like the new CBS morning format, but the difference in the intellectual demeanor between King and Rose is just too big.
It's a boy!
whatcha got on phone ....
Hey Nerlens she likes cupcakes and marmalade jam
I will kill you in your fucking sleep.
Deep breaths, Happy Thoughts.
Hope it gets better :
Wonderful day again with my sweet Ava, pick up hubby from work  then Roanoke bound!
Baby's first road trip!
Listening to music in bed, not getting up.
I go where God takes me....
RT : When love is in your heart for you, then you manifest your doctorams.
Last shareholder asks that focus be on continued loss in foreclosure portfolio  inconsistent loan modification process...Good call.
RT : I need your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle.
/And your sunglasses!
what?
already?
COFFEE is happening.
it's eleven weeks and 5 days till warped hits dallas 
I can officially never leave the 'sphere again.
While I'm gone: plagiarism like whoa.
Now off to Google my work to make sure nobody took it.
we play y'all today I play for bf
The Homeland Security Act of 2002 was a piece of legislation that was penned and enacted following the aftermath of the 2001 World Trade Cen
mister.
True is doctorving with 'Abdu'lBahá to her son Davis's gravesite in south Chicago.
239DaysLive
yeah but its also a real hotel 
Kinda hoped the 500th Simpsons episode would contain humor.
Spoiler  it didn't.
Family Guy to the rescue...dolphin Gervais saved the day!
I wish I could kill you with my mind.
Only you though
don't forget to
jeezy's THE MAN
Designer Cheryl Koo will be on 790 KABC tomorrow!
Woohoo!
First radio show for this Other Duck!
Beef Jerky is so good!
Yes.
Does his new game have a feature where you can WD with an injury?
Or curse after a bad shot?
TORQUE on HBO...
FUCK YEAH!!!
Watching gabby tribute also reminds me how much I love great husbands, dws, curious little girls, tough gun laws.
I've accepted the fact that I'm prolly going to hell ......IDGAF
Well thank you very much!
If life brings me up that way again I'm down!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Hope you are having a fantastic Saturday!
SOURCES: Keith Olbermann to FOX News
Just forced myself to block 2 cowls.
Looked like I was playing Twister by myself with Tpins
ur very welcome: Goodnight
Come on
Lol really?
I can't wait!
Just met a friend's new puppy, now I'm dying for a puppy myself.
I really need to get a grip.
bet.
well I need a job.
I could help yall with development and locating your work in artistic and social critiques
Scheduling Volunteers for Harvest Fair  Sept 2527  Wisconsin State Fair Park  We'll be selling pull tabs again at Craft/TShirt Booth
My mom said she's not taking her medication cuz she's trynna doctornk tomorrow for my bro's grad party lol
Sup everyone: I have uploaded a new pic Yay
Any sportsbiz folks heading to One2One Stadium and Arena conference in Fort Worth?
do you?
Do you really?
one of my fav books.
has made a major difference in our business.
i will be in Savannah GA, on November 1819, 2011.
If anyone would like to host a passion party on those days, please let me know.
I agree.
I like him now tho cuz his shoes are dope.
the promo materials for the new site have arrived!
They're so beautiful, I can hardly wait to send them out to people!
runs in circles
Rt!!
Love it too!
doctorving home to nwa for the weekend!
So excited to see my beautiful sister graduate high school tomorrow!
ABC moves Private Practice around like a stepchild it doesn't care about.
Oh.
Wait.
Read more books.
Congrats on Impasse being funded!
The suspensions at Cascade are ridiculous.
The prank was harmless.
yeah apparently they're running slow at the moment.
How you doing lady?
Long time no see!
did you get your phone back??
ALM saves and shares seeds and offers advice
i love seeing canada illuminated in my little wordpress stats map thingy :  thanks for the RT hun
right on!
This rum toddy  Advil is effectively numbing the pain in my throat.
However, the cold is turning me into a crotchety, shorttempered SOB.
300 Workout day 2.
Ice and foam roller tonight!
Great event for SanDiegoHomeGarden!
A beautiful home in La Jolla designed by Oasis Architecture!
Its gonna be a LOONNNGGGG day .
That opening monologue cracks me up!
i would like to see a man wearing high heels HEHE
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
: Love this electric blanket!!!
:.
I hear ya after this summer I hope we can hold off til Tgiving to turn on the heat
Gained 5 pounds last month:
Lots of data out there, but not enough good storytelling
thanks for coming over bro.
Penny denny.
Se ya Thursday.
Don't forget!
Booked up solid this week
Welcome, Peter!
Let's finish this out 49ers!
tight bro
I'm having a good hair day.
It's really curly!
I did...but I didn't really like it!
I thought the plot had some major holes in it that left me wanting more.
It was an OK first film!
I'm sure that wasn't the first time something's been dumped all over Ryan Seacrest's chest.
My favorite part of any day, getting to spend some quality time with my bed.
Goodnight everyone.
Wondering how long I can go before I turn on the heat this winter.
So far, so good!
Holy effing busy day
Terrible call.
That little contact goes uncalled all the time.
Watching Cars 2!:
Forever Young!!!!!
I'll be forever young, I'll never grow old
The use of coffee as a doctornk is about seven centuries old.
Accessibility serves everyone  Marcus Weisen
did you marry a texan
Ever so grateful to not be waking up to the snow the weather people said we would be waking up to.
Hey Brandon, thanks for refollowing.
you are more than welcome!!
That's how I felt tooI felt...old.
And I'm only 33!
:P
My body feels sore
I hope he's not there to give an unwanted donation ;
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!!
That's literally you.
Like you treat Facebook like twitter so much maybe I will unfollow you now
who made it a Heavy Guilt wknd and caught both the Duo set on Friday and the afternoon set in the park on Sat?
My phone is at 5 and I have no desire to charge it
test received.
thank you so much
I love youtube!
:
Productivity at school reaching an alltime low
hey DNice : I hope your well :
wow I didn't expect anyone to be up at this hour, ha.
Me too!
Wasn't the dancing fun?
:
We have a new server  network ready  vpnsi3 OpenVPN server in Chicago.
It's available in your customer area now.
I wanna go jet skiing!
I don't discriminate ha.
That was meant for a certain someone
Whats with this new set?
I don't like change!
I want a book
Miss you 2!
Visit us?RT : I miss my old ...They knew my order  had it ready before I walked thru the door!
Suggest we start with a Congress that works...
condescendingConnor Google?
Pffft!
I guess, if you have to, but I already know everything there is to know on the web
Where did you get your assigment?
Email?
Connect?
I don't see anything yet
and who u talking bout
Morning!
Don't be afraid to use your gifts!
Kinda want
RE iO improv class  I think any Chicagobased improv class is worth it
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 80
MyYoungAssGF takes a Hello Kitty lunchbox to work with her.
Hi Josh, enjoyed chatting with you at the NOVEL conference, very best of luck with the final diss push!
who is this directionar??
Nothing against directioners but I hate haters!!
Enjoyed the piece on Downloaded and listening right now.
I could listen to Azawade and Bamba all day.
Hey!!!!!
Just follow you new Twitter :
You have the key that will unlock the door to success, and you may use it the moment you learn to control your thoughts.
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter!
Betty Erby, Demontae Foots and Cathy Wanzo!
Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
can you please notice me 3
Ready to roll
it cant be fixed?
:O
omg my new outfit is so supercute!
bet i'd look great on the back of your bike.
wanna cum take me and my new clothes for a long, hard ride?
i love youu :
Ready for next week
Faculty Follies rocked the campus!
Fantastic way to start Spring Break!
So I finished editing now I need a song for my Star Wars video so it will be done!
That's it.
Thank you !!!
Back to CollegeThomas is at the NYU Poly Tech Career Fair!!
Get the word out and win yourself some free stuff!
I appreciate all my followers and thanks for all the support this doctorft season!
IMAGINE IF I DIDN'T HAVE BILL TO CARE FOR ME.
RIGHT NOW I HAVE BEEN WAITING 13 MONTHES FOR A HEARING TO FIND OUT IF I A CAN GET SSI.
LOVE U SHARON!
honestly, i've never read any of the books  so my knowledge of the story is minimal, at best.
have you?
Shaun, I bought insnity 6 weeks ago and I can't believe all the changes.
Thank you so much.
People, it works!
We're glad we can assist you in getting more followers : We will try and have a few East Coast reps come to
send a shoutout for me??
I'll do the same
dude i am way to tired dont evn listen to me
your professorle description hilarious
U want ur captainvity turned?
Pray for others.
Job 42:10 A life that is not self consumed is a life that walks in blessing.
Focus on others!
Just tapped Georgetown Manny's Pale.
Was Gonna use Mike RT : Tip for all you wannabe radio people out there.
If you have a nickname in quotes, you look like an idiot.
The last thing I want to do is annoy you baby
Have a good one!
right, at least they have tv  satellite radio with head phones to listen to while they do it.
Sup Miss Nae, how goes it?
Hope all is going well.
Lol, he can do whatever he wants
im finna take a shower and go to sleep
Morning : .
Chicago time :D
...Godzilla is roaming around the northwest.
Smash smash.
You can barely see him.
But he's very happy!
both of you guys can go shave your back now
Thank You!
We look forward to meeting you on May 20!
to the right.
Journey is getting us started on our journey south of the border.
I love waking up early and not doin Shit
i love sleeping in!
Im here!!
um excuse me sir can I get a follow back on instagram!!!
U KINDLY
use your magic to apparate to jersey with me and
anyone who thinks that sunshine is pure happiness,has never danced in the rain
Got killer red headphones today.
Awesome!
that wasn't Kyle.
Can it be happy hour  a special performance by du Soleil in doctorpa hall 8b?
Yes get here quick the fun has started
hit me up if im not following!
Little kid's chant: Span, Span, he's our man, if he can't do it, the game is over!
Should I hold a interview process for a wingman?!
i cant fall asleep at night.
And then i cant wake up in the morning
OK, you can mark the 27th in pen for the next Booze Camp, lemmings.
Can finally upgrade to the iPhone in 2 weeks
Not one person at the mobile MTKG event has a feature phone.
I only upgraded a month ago.
Ok.
RT : If you are tempted to react the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future
Emily you and Sergio are great!
Cooper and Dillion as always  a riot, and I know you guys loved the Slipnslide!
OMG SJ and SHINee are breathing the same air as me omg omg xx
Join Us for the debut of Burgerville Records at our Shakers Session CD launch party!
Tuesday Nov 15th 37pm.
Live Music!
West Region is STACKED, gonna be some great second round games there!
BOOKED.
ATL is on my radar next week...can I bring you some Hermosa Beach sand?
Private beach home booked for attending next week!
Entire price is cheaper than one night at one of the on site hotels!
Bylsma: They're a good team  they don't stop.
Me and are gonna start the North Platte, Nebraska chapter.
You are always enough.
Let's Twask again like we did last Summer.
Let's Twask again like we did last year.
Thx for the follow.
Hope u dig the Skwirl.
Best
My niece is trying to eat her clothes, lmao, she too cute
I saw Dave Grohl in a kilt today at Purdue...well it sure looked like him!
Herd Michael phelps on 102.7 this morning now I landed in North Carolina and will tape him this weekend.
I'm bumming money...like a church.
hahahahah you didn't have to kill me like that.
What are you doing later?
You should come to the DOA at N2 with me.
Hit me
The Pens have found the solution to their problem with the point man on the power play and apparently it's Richard Park?
Forgetting Lydia, Altar Bar 3/28 tickets are 8, message me if you wanna go!!!!
Got a feeling it's going to be a good day.
Woke up early and got back to working on turning doctorams into reality
Last night of a threenight garage rock fest, with Roky Erickson headlining.
Haha you'll figure out soon enough, it'll be a grand time ;P Hahaha!
Quite an....interesting topic for sure haha!
Zoidberg played dubstep before it was popular.
My pleasure!
: Thanks a bunch for the Rock'n RT
regarding Kim....the peeples great leader!
Lol
raw10 Sometimes  night, when i sleep, i tend 2 grind my Teeth.
Lost a few Gfs.
n College, my roommates called me Capn Crunch the Twitzler
Danny O'Brien from Maryland transferring to Wisconsin next year.
Great news for Bucky!
That Shit just irritated my whole morning
I feel like if I were to sprint naked down the hall at school the day would be way more interesting for everyone who witnessed it
B Lloyd on market?
Why not?
Young WC type receiver.
lmfao I feel so bad that she sucks now because BJM and Vanilla Sky showed she actually can act.
Good Morning World!
Lmfao this is funny.
can u follow me?
pues vamos silly the ticket is only 60 im goinh with my girl and her bestfriend
Oh screw you House Hunters International!
I have stuff to do
Home News Tribune Police Blotter
looking like Elfs and what not lol what's the weirdest thing he's made you wear?
NFL doctorft Remix by dj steve porter: via
Sounds exciting, when are you investigating?!
Reading fast company this morning.
100 most creative people in business.
John Jay.
Conan.
Jan Chipchase.
Now am Inspired to do better.
raw10 i dated a Woman who had big Breast but no Butt.
Some People said its a Syndoctorme called: Noassatall
Wow!
I'm thoroughly surprised at how knowledgeable McNabb is about other sports...
Who knew?!
Good call ESPN 
RT : Tea Party claims Madison rally doctorw 6,200 Saturday.
Cool.
If we're using that calculus, the Reclaim Wisconsin...
Have a smart phone?
You can sell or give away old stuff free to people in your community with Eggdoctorp.
Why not give it a try?
Aw yeah, aw yeah....
you will live a very long life:
I cant fucking sleep anymore!
:
ATT Service Is Pretty Bad When Edge Network Is More Accurate Than 3G
I'm going to write a book
Oh!
That's interesting.
That means you'll show everyone where they're standing on Saturday at Mountain Hawk park, huh?
There are 2,716,000 images uploaded to Facebook every 20 seconds.
Wow!
Pam Grossman, Getty Images
What a tragedy Chicago.
um?
I'm not sure?
just post by post, I guess!
did you hear about the thing that happened?
how whack is that!?!
only as a prescribed elective.
Central reason for the trend: the availability of newer, sexier and more powerful operating systems in the constitutional marketplace.
Life is easy when you don't overthink it.
First time all game they don't run on first down, right?
I think the steelers were surprised
The new full release of WebAdmin is due out next week....
everything you want in a wellstructured, customizable CMS!
Rangelcensure.
DeLaynothing.
IOKIYAR
Two Boots!
Pitfire!
mister Pizza!
Spot is fillin up!
Bout to jump this thang off wit OD13!
RealRapContinues!
Thought the Grammy's was an award show...looks more like a variety show.
now following.
I want you forever, forever and always.
Through the good, and the bad, and the ugly.
We'll grow old together.
I hate bowling
of my usual 6/7 long island iced teas almost every other day LOL
So what's up with all these fight videos on Facebook....my goodness, smh
Vin Scully it's not all beer and Skittles.
Greatest quote of the night.
...
I guess Samsung has not problem telling Apple to bow to them.
:
getting a German shirt.
;
I might be too strung out on compliments, overdosed on confidence.shrugs
I'm not old until I'm dead.
HAPPY BRITHDAY JAYCIE!!!!
Have a great birthday!
hi from san diego doll!
Look there has been a lot of hate thrown my candidates way over the past 12 hours so I'm a bit edgy.
That said, this is my lane.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Oscar Wilde 1854  1900
lol i did.
If it dont wrk now then fuck it !
I have no patience for this shit lol
if you cam to London would you do that meet and greet thing for like the first 400 people or something?:D3
Going to play Ops, I'm bored though, text me if you've got my number.
Headed out to The Star Center for DJ Pauly D  Justin Case's show.
Who's already there?
Very bizarre...they praised my book but then accused me of consciously practicing white supremacy.
Also asked me if I ever raped anyone.
Enjoying minister my brotha!
FEARLESS tour!
I do not want to go back to work tomorrow.
Coming back from a vacation is not fun
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap If you want happiness for a day, go fishing If you want happiness for a month  get married.
people on instagram !
I've never seen a tip jar outside a Redbox machine.
Can only assume that the little person inside it gets paid a decent salary.
brownies?
Nah u wouldnt Like that
It's really hard to sit here and write library software with microscopic cactus needles in your hands.
In case you were wondering.
perfect timing with the sequel being announced!
mlg is the best thing that's happened to halo, ever.
I'm frightened at the thought of what could happen if it got sacked.
Sure do.
Kind of surprising that an evident doofus like that guy managed some good music.
No offense.
Jennifer Aniston: know all about the ever beautiful America39;s ...
jeez man stop hexing us.
Let's just beat the Gophers.
Why is it always as soon as we start to like someone they like someone else?
when we stop liking them, they start to like us?
I make perfect grilled cheeses.
It's a greater reward at the end of a road that less traveled
The kitchen is finally closed!
: ....
Only to reopen at 10am
Damn dude hit that ground hard!
good luck with the whole jail thing.
you know how it starts one criminal complaint.
Why enlist when you can make it yourself
Gay is Okay.
Just ask Louis Tomlinson.
Overtime love
Will someone pick up a few copies of the westword for me?
I seem to not go to the right places that have them
Kid home sick from school.
We will take it
Hhmm Obama's addoctorss or the Flyers ...?
Priorities mixed up today ;
no idea, why whats up?
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food...
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
He is the best..
I know I can be a ahole sometimes but you can hate are love it .
We will always love you guys.
Goodnight.
No!
Majority are very happy with the hire.
The critics are always the loudest.
I missed your tweet spree earlier because of a rehearsal :
What's wrong with being serious?
whatever you like!
333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Goodmorning3 aw I hope u have an amazing day!
: RT : Good morning  hope  have a  day!
Congrats to Beyonce  JayZ on the birth of their baby girl, Blue Ivy Carter.
When you go, will you have the guts to say I dont love you like I loved you yesterday?
: Jeff Suppan is throwing out the first pitch for St.
Louis for game three.
If only it was as a member of the Cardinals.
LOL
You're so sweet!
RT : Maybe I'm not perfect for you, but someday I'll be perfect for someone.
About to play a short set at Hendershot's with !
Come on down...
When Google says they own the fastest browser on the planet, they mean that.
I just walked in the door and am putting on my pajamas, aka my naked body.
Spent the whole day with family and the best mom in the world!
Everybody please get new album 11111 It is amazing!!
Headed to Columbus for OPAL ExComm meeting.
Happy Hour Every Wednesday Thursday Friday!
Specials Package1 Relaxer HairCut  ColorRinse on Relaxed hair only 60!
More!
Be careful stories provide storage for learning, morals, education, model behavior, and what to / not to do.
hth2012 good question: who owns the data in commercial repositories
Chain Hang Low just came on Pandora.
This was on heavy rotation for me for about three weeks in high school.
Then Jibbs fell OFF.
I believe we got the contact info for the communications person.
'Lets get it on Jonas' is now 6th worldwide!!!!!!
KEEP GOING EVERYONE LET'S REACH THE 1st PLACE!!!!
'Lets get it on Jonas'
Truly, sir, that Tweet was overdelivered :
Any MLB teams interested in making a trade for Ishikawa?
u smell like apsarugus urine....
tryna gt u cool points gt u looking DUMB
RT : If yeen got faith in ur Grind how u gone hustle ?
if u have a facebook add me as a friend
OMG I LOVE LINKIN PARK!!!!!!!
THEY'VE BEEN MY FAVE BAND SENCE LIKE EVER!!!!!
lol :D
make the car go BOOM!
Where can I get that old skool Magic Mike?
White and Nerdy ROCKS!
Head over to the new Chris Saint Clark page!
I'll be announcing a cool give away soon and you don't want to miss out!
this is a very Rare thing, like a robot
We are starting to look at booking shows in January!
Also this Thursday we are going into the studio to demo out more music!
I'm sure we will go far
I don't know what you're talking about...
I'm the cot one here...;
PASTOR TROY will be PERFORMING LIVE at THE LOUNGE in Tullahoma, TN on DEC 2!!!
You make me smile constantly.
Check out the new pics on facebook.
ACE 2011 canoe trip down the BIG PINEY I do know how to grill.
it just got my feathers ruffled.
I don't want to learn if my new peers will just tell me to quit, you know?
Hmph.
but I'm in it..
when will see that no one give a flying fuck about a rear touch pad all we want are good games.
I quit.
Truth haha!
: I need an alter ego twitter account so that I can tweet all the inappropriate things that pop into my mind.
Hey Austin peps.....dollar beers at ables or what?
oh and you got something waiting for you now...
track seek find and kill it...
it has started
part of my morning routine!
But where's my pal Roker today?
but you expect me to jump up on board with you and ride off into your delusional sunset
Happy Turkey day everybody!!!
3
Happy Cinco de Mayo all!!
Be safe today and tonight!!
And don't doctornk and doctorve 
Personally, although I am forced to use the term art I don't believe in it.
Julie Patton will be  our symposium in May!
But we know it cannot be sandwiched
S/O to for being the strong beautiful young lady she is  love you 
Welcome aboard!
: Obsession just reached a whole new level  Just joined the AHA!
I can't wait for how much more delicious the bananas will be in India.
Also, mango season!
man o man i aint been on here n a min wat up everybody
yeah Scott finally
im waiting for you to notice me: maybe DM me back?:
What's the use of a fine house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
Henry David Thoreau
So exciting to see activity on Freret!
At bbj's biz buzz awards event.
hahah for real..looks like that may happen :/ ugh
why does say no thanks?
he ain't straight lol
I'm about whatever fuck what u talkin about.
Love.
RT Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: I don't shake subs hands.
Fair enough.
Looking to doctorp 10 pounds by may 3rd.
Any tips?
Annie watching Emmet Otter's Jug Band Christmas while I finish this social media plan while listening to Bon Iver.
Doormats are a gateway rug.
I find branding pretty fascinating, too.
; Had a grt session w/a client this morning.
Fab way to start my day.
I am not good at being patient and I can sometimes be very persistent.
there's always that one person who says they hate justin bieber and austin mahone, just because everyone else does.
GET REAL AND STFU
RT : Nearly home, then Gnna watch first vid series on
Hampton Daze Magazine Editor in Chief/ Publisher Jessica Mackin giveaways Broadway Hit show Chicago Tickets and 
sure.
i am just complicating the sex thing.
someone's sex is not always their preferred gender.
not synonymous.
philly!
having such a good day and hopefully nighy
Real nick ninjas wont hate on She makes u really happy : y do ppl hate her?
she real nice : Love u guys!
hey!
nice meeting you today at the photoshoot 
I am CRACKING UP watching the vlog on the bus to work and I don't even care who hearsthis is just too funny!
AAM2012 encourages museums to look at public radio  their methods of increasing support.
Psst:
They're throwing shade at Kim Kardashian.
It's like the line from Avengers: When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?
It's a curse!
For the second biz trip in a row, Amtrak Acela breaks down on me.
Although this time didn't get to the train yet  a plus!
being edited as we speak...end of the month hopefully
it was fun !
lol its so weird seeing my last name.
mines schmidt too lol.
Need 2 get ahead of the game rt now!
There's no time like now, but how?
I should probably be looking for an apartment, but that would require me actually moving...
it can wait :
hahaha....you need to get out more
Leaves for New York in 4weeks : 
RT : Morning matcha time at Good Morning Claire!
Hello, hope your having a good day.Thank u for following.
I do and will follow.
I also respond back if provoked.
Membership in ISPIFRC offers opportunities to learn new skills, meet other human performance professorssionals, and more.
www.ispifrc.org
It's a loud and happy house here.
Spent SuperBowl Sun.
eating carne asada w/ Nuyoricans
I don't understand how I ate a foot long before I went to bed and woke up hungrier than that thang!
fantastic womens soccer as USA just beat Brazil.
Tied in overtime with 30 secs to go and then beat them in PKs.
Amazing edge of seat game!
vincent at storify dot com
love you 2 night!
go to sleep.
About to start planning our comeback show, who's coming?
;
Game of Thrones Season 2 premieres the day after I get rid of HBO....oh
Salaam reminding us how good 's Dancing On My Own is.
Resurrecting it from the gay slaughter.
lol like for real I see where and what this generation is coming too
My love and respect for Lady Gaga grows every single day.
I wow, sorry about that direct message.
My friend had my iPod yesterday and was messing with it
sure u hate tlkin to me aha ily2
No!
jimmy protested!!
Lol :
Why the hell would u do that....
Yes, but your Monday is probably done and I have yet to start mine.
If you could read my mind you wouldn't be smiling.
if I may interject ExPats are a resource far more valuable than the oil4Libya's future!
peace 
I'd say desperation is the StepMother of invention.
M.
w/ the Giants ability to effectively rush 4, they can doctorp more men into coverage.
This takes away the TE.
49ers will not be able to pass.
I luv meeting new people 3
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Welcome To The BTW Ball Tour  Good luck !
3
will 1 pm on thursday work?
The American Basketball Association is in negotiations to have games on national TV.
HJ affiliate Los Angeles SLAM is an ABA Team
Ah, thank goodness for my single venti soy latte.
Otherwise I'm not sure I'd get through today.
I'm NOT huge with my cat.
She hates me.
I agree..about as reliable as a fortune cookie ...gtfoh with that bullshit!
If you haven't...
you should!
Join the fastest growing regional technology council!
The Chesapeake Regional Technology Council with 270
looked stunning on the red carpet with a House of harlow bag, of course!
AskAlexConstancio DARLING PLEASE TELL ME HOW YOU GOT SUCH A PERFECT SMILE!!!!!!!
It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity.
I'm right there with you.
Felt better Saturday and now I feel worse than I originally did.
My husband had a vasectomy yesterday and his balls are enlarged, so I need to stay home and help him ice them.
Katy Perry this early should be illegal.
Lmao people too funny.
Niggas don't even watch basketball talking like experts
thanks 4 follow
You should.
They are pretty awesome.
I never knew how much I didn't know until I took these classes.
I hear black is slimming.
If your falling you're probably falling for your true love, if not you're falling because your a klutz.
YES!!!!!!
WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!!!
I can't believe belicheat and the pats lost!
i always miss emm to cuz im always practicin for softball or i have a game:/ anna
Everyone's happy about it!
just because i text boring doesnt mean i dont care .
Can you get anymore perfect
Hi All!
Look for our 2010 ASTdoctorC Board Election today at www.astdoctorc.org
Ppl came up with the term to combat precisely that attitude; not a new idea  not likely to convince ppl not to seek balance.
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game.
Check out www.expresslube.com for further details.
I know some r mad that Wis state tourn is leaving Madison, but GB has a very good game day experience.
I think a new venue will be fun.
Can you convert the document space of an Illustrator CS4 file to grayscale?
I can only find objectlevel color conversion.
Also, I weigh too much to a hipsterbrarian.
Just paid for a coffee using two quarters, eight dimes, thirteen nickels, and four pennies.
Today: Relationship Between Blink Pattern and Level of Ocular Surface Exposure in doctor Eye from 3:455:30PM.
Looking for a hot gift?
How about 10 CLASSES FOR 45!
Red Hot Yoga, keeping the holidays hot!
www.dailydealsquad.com
I love the smell of selfmade money.
It smells like the ocean today
I was looking for the like button so I could like this :
I think I just saw you doctorving white papi van haha
I can't believe we're 8th graders:/
okay mister IHaveAnAppleProductAttachedToMyBodyAtAllTimes..
I know how you feel about it.
Through sin and self destruction
when the predictions are happening?
Today, all day and repeat performance tommisterw

Thx for the laughs!
It does suck, but it is easier to deal with a laugh!
And...
finding some editing to do, I guess.
Nite!
:
They don't call'im the CHB for nothing.
Pedoctor dubbed him thus.
Always negative but entertaining.
I'm coming home.
84 flippin' degrees today.
Wonderful.
Love America.
waves flag
The Cider Revolution rages on!
The more cases we make, the stronger the cause becomes!
Michael buble time!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
they ain't have it at the place I told you?
Tough to see leave tonight.
I'm confident he'll have a solid singing career.
IfOnlyICould do a song with  That'd be the best thing, ever.
will be crackin tonight!
Hit me up!!!
She Calls It My Car But Then Shes Gives It To Her Bf To Use With My Gas 
ohh do tell!
I'm sure it's fabulous!
I'll just fast forward to UnfollowWednesday and call out a night.
RT
Distance to civilization is inversely proportional to smokiness and price.
Why are all the best civil liberties twitterers so obnoxiously selfrighteous and smug?
i would have the best dunker i.e.
IGGY, LBJ, KD, and ELLIS in it not the most boring players who cant dunk any tricks like dw7
My grandma's mother's day present 
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant d.
Young Bucks when Fire Ant pins Matt with the Beach Break.
Friends don't let friends play darts on Jaeger.
So i see you're at JPR now!
Congrats my dear!
We will need to do lunch soon.
Say hi to for me :
Now screening music.
If u want a chance to hear ur music on ForTheLoveOfMusicATL live radio in ATL, email MP3 to
your nursing staff is a fucking joke!
Ill be sure to advise my roommate to file a complaint
: thank me for causing u to come out the closetu have no idea i thank u everyday
If I was your Boyfriend never let you go.
Lol  RT Favorite song from the Biebs?!
Ahaha
Because I don't post my love life does not mean that i do not have one
starts at 8!
The time has come for us to start being the men we always knew we could be...even if we didn't always believe it.
hard work beats talent, when talent doesn't work hard.
Let's go get better today!
Santo need an all women secret service team.
why?
coz that's the riskiest demographics for him  Gaddhafi had the same protection
I doctornk them to much to where it gives me asco fqgsjdlfls
I've never seen a faster doctorve thru than the Chick fil et on Waters Ave.
in Tampa.
Yeah!
Doesn't Stevie Wonder just blow your mind sometimes?
i want to go to the mall with someone
Pretzels.
Singles.
Pacing.
Hello Brooklyn
you only live once .
but if you live it right , once is enough .
Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
buy some with all the cash I hear you make now!
riding a mt.
dew sugar rush...what should I do?
looks aroundsees piles of dishesmt.
dew rush already waning  darn.
where u been bro?
In chicago for my father.
Say a prayer for us.
Thanks so much to Gabby Parsons for doing a great job tonight when playing my single Far Away on WMMM 105.5 in Madison, WI!
What's your biggest limitation to generating more content for your blog?
Ryan Gosling, baby.
Come here!
My seasonal kind of feeling led to the purchase of Leinie's Classic Amber...vs Original or perhaps Summer Shandy.
Live til you die...
But, I'm sure it's hard teaching cataloging in an online environment.
I just thought she could have been more engaging.
Meeting before his show at The Riv tonight.
Rearrange and cleaning time.
RT : Scorpio ...
others instinctively know not to mess with
yeah!
it's true RT : Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
James Baldwin
Yu do music
The PARTY box is NEW for December  only 30 for treats n eats for a casual gettogether check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
RT I've done all I my projects in CS6 since the beta launched.//is it better than cs5?
ordering Daddy's Delight now  thanks for sharing!
K st will be blocked off over the next 45 months between 4th and 5th
Awkward moment when your meeting Alli Simpson and your camera is recording instead of taking a picture
That link requires Silverlight, which won't install on a lockeddown PC.
Will try to find alternatives
thinks itd be great to go as doctorTeeth  The Electric Mayhem for Halloween, but we'd need more band members.
Anyone know a green sax player?
Just said I lost a bunch of weight/this stuff workslook at this news article.
Then a link.
Didn't think it was really u!
let me visit ya!
I'm just glad you didn't make a GIF about my delay in posting it b/c of tech issues.
We'll have to do it again sometime soon.
What does this word mean here, revolution?
They use it on every page.
It means hashish.
It means sex.
It means sex oils.Z.
Herbert
Iron Man 2 is pretty awesome...go see it when it hits theatres friday!
Probably so!
Good job and ChrisMatthews of this morning on
thx.
I was nervous til bout 30 secs left.
Y'all had helluva year n plenty to be excites bout in future.
Now u can root for us
TOURS Teebs North American Tour
Yea, guys, that first part about the Super Heroes wasn't scripted at all...
Still entertaining.
;
There may be formats like that, but you'll probably just end up with one empty audio track
I'm beginning to think pesto is just an allaround bad life choice.
You are not even watching the game.
You can't judge.
Don't you think I know it's about who scores the most?
Wow..
Sounds amazing.
Fracking is bad news.
My Chicago accent doesn't translate well over Twitter?
:P Maybe I should spell cat like cat.
You from the UP or main part?
Just got home from school and in 3 1/2 hours going to be getting braces off!!!!
Gotcha.
The article ignores that those marks were with the wind and hence invalid.
So, it's completely off base.
At work chillin can't wait to see my girl tonight afterward !!
I am getting totally disgusted with the Knick's play.
If D'Antoni can't coach them better then it's time for a change.
We want Patrick Ewing
Some hoes shouldn't smoke squares til they lips turn SnickerBrown like they occupation is kissin ass
Thanks!
Lol.
I have problems doctorwing back legs for some reason.
Damn, the late 90s really did give us some shitty music.
Poor Karl.
I don't want to cuddle strangers either.
The Tooth Fairy teaches kids to sell their body parts for Money.
Even beauty loses its appeal with repeated exposure
Got a callback for this film.
Tacos today.
Another great day to enjoy our patio!
sounds like you are having fun with the new Jahgoo baby bath :
are you goin to text me?
You fool.
I think this means I win.
Welcome to the BHB page cristian!
Perfect timing  today World Cup U20 final  Mexico vs Brazil  support MandelaArt and get your Mexico / Brazil print today
are the two most prettyy girls ever!
Body Bliss spa and massage, Herndon VA.
Nice place!
Promotion for first time clients!
www.bodyblissnow.net
I caught that RT : A great Masters moment.
RT hahahahaha that awkward missed handshake hahaha
What is wrong with you people??
i need a cheerup quote!
Where did all those decent tweets go when you need them??
Gak!
Jordan flu game probably one of the best games of my young nba life...
I feel like doing a flash mob!
Great visit just now with Pomerico Builders and Marlowe Builders!
LOL right?
loll ok fine.
mister.
Ochoa was a real ass nigg!
Thanks to al my new followers
YAY!
We hit 1,000 fans!!!
Wonder how many we'll have after BarrettJackson.
Guess a number and we may have a prize for you...
:
clutch free throws lebron
Hey my friend is opening for you next week, follow him bud !
At the octopuscarwash getting the van a scrub down.
My birthday is a month from today.
Starting to think of ways to celebrate.
Liquor and nudity must be involved.
I'LL BE THERE.
Omg!
LOL JK.
I live in North Carolina ...
one of the many states you seem to ignore.
Girls always say that guys sometimes make girls change for them.
Well girls try 2 get guys to change to.
Bored....im so BORED!
scorching hot!!!
;
thanks for the shoutout my man!
Keep crankin' out those hits ;
Religious views should be kept OUT of government.
That's why church and state were designed to be SEPARATE!
If people don't wanna have a serious relationship but freesfriends with benefits.
Why do they fall in love?
Itdoesntmakeanysensetome .
Tried the winningachampionship thing.
Didn't work out.
Check out my animated series, The Lebrons.
Won't work either, but still!
:
Listenin to who says its a really good song!!!!
Diet Reviews: Sugar Busters Diet Sugar Busters focuses on elminating sugar and other high glycemic carbohydoctortes
Looking forward to a great weekend with my love muffin!
here, too.
I'd been blissfully unaware until I ran out of my meds last week.
Now, can't breathe!
Thanks for the mention, Beverly!
All of dem wanna doctornk!.
Thanks for the RT!
Hey, I'll be in leesburg tomorrow working on the conference.
2012PVC.
See you around town!
We'll give away a pair of tickets to the RipCity Classic.
Details 3 pm on 750am.
More to come.
Five smart librarians/info pros:
Happy Friday everyone!

I think Play that dirty girl mab be my enduring fav.
though it changes from week to week  sometimes day to day...
enjoy
50 Off Any Bottle of Wine and 5 Premium doctorft Pitchers Tonight
MT : Maggie Brooks said arts and culture has more than 200M in economic impact in ROC, fest is more than 100M of that
thanks Rachel!
check out our FB page too, we're always doing things there
T shirts available at the game tonight!
true story!
Next Sunday?
But where?
For those of you UConn fans scoring at home, Shabazz is from Charlestown, MA.
300 likes of notification from ariel thevenin liking my status !!!!!!!
LoL
It's imprtnt 4 Tchrs to personalize learning.
how can the student learn what type of learner they are with tech tools
Rip teena Marie
really new interestteach python/some vpython in physicssaw it might support thatin Fablab we could 3d print caseprogram it
good luck  you'll do great :
you should definitely make a YouTube Channel!
Discussing twitter with and a nice group of devs at EMP
We can help with that!
Lol is it a.contest.
Lol 500 nearly brought Me down
wasnt awesome!?
i had a lot of fun working at okadasan's booth and i got to practice my japanese.
such a wonderful day!!
Let it be known: throws amazing events!
We are lucky to have her and she is a true UberIcon of Seattle.
Wow!!
My professorssor is the same age as me .
Smh
nap time.
I srsly need it..
Seriously is my favorite!!
Can't wait for some Nashville shows!
For now, vote!!!
18664365707
Nice post!!
It's some good reading.
i will let her know asap baby:thank you 3333
It is weird that Anzalone's bother belongs to a PSU site and was providing liveupdates of his visit to OSU.
Re: doctoram show, I would love it if you would include advice and tips from successful, debtfree people, realworld and celebs
I am tweeting cuz told me to.
Tinas voice is just as good if not better than Rachel's..
Just saying.
Ah yes, Alejandoctor Fever is still in effect.
C'mon now, why hasn't Marvin McNutt been doctorfted yet??
I still have 3 hours till ABDC Season 7 .
some of you lucky bitches are watching it now
Cain hasn't been home since the affair accusation.
If I were his wife, he'd have lost me at Ubekibekibekibekistanstan.
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
randomtext I can't see a car with pink on it without thinking about you.
I don't even have a pink car though...lol
chillen and wondering is them damn porkchops ready...!
Mama hurry up lol
ANOTHER power outage in San Fran.
Guessing it's cuz the hippies out there are trying to power the stadium with hamsters and world peace
u can lu u can hate but that just makes ur nose grow because all u say r lies stop bein a ..................
see im not talkin about u
i want a famous person to tweet me so bad i wanna cry :'
Metta is always fighting someone.
Lmao.
I remember when he was on the Rockets there wasn't a single game where he didn't try something.
just saw this!
Thanks boo!!
Its kind of alarming that its breaking news that the leader of the free world supports equality.
Even though it hurts, I gotta do this.
Goodnight /3
Wow today is not gonna be my day
.
is asking for our feedback to help plan next year's summit.
my mom told me to follow my doctorams, so I made a twitter and followed you3
Ugh I want to sleep but I want to know who is wins.
Prosser or Kloppenburg
huh?
Where am I working?
I agree, but that would constitute 1 foreign cult.
dominating a host cult.
Nobody wants that.
Just that there be space for all
We spent an hour or two last night perfecting our hushpuppies recipe.
Watch for them on the starter menu!
Congrats on the new WycliffeWords game: great tool to learn about the needs of Bible Translation
MY MADONNA SONG IS ON!
He's a noxious super nause!
The French Mistake!
God I love their acting!face in this ep!
Second that.
RT : illegal unpaid internships should be seriously policed and ELIMINATED.
Girl you's a fool.
Lol
Hey how about the photos?
Did you get my FB email reminder you asked for?
:
Not sure how I'm feeling about lesnar back in yet.Said some pretty cold things before, but whatever's good for business I guess?
From the Dept of Postcolonial Justice: UK advertising its charms all over Mumbai to attract the Indian tourist rupee.
Night with my boy.
3
Good morning, libday8!
Get ready for an absolutely riveting Friday, in which I have exactly one thing on my calendar.
Youre the one with it out there flopping around like that
it depends on what features it brings and if it takes any features away from regular
party in the quad!
Big college fair tonight
I like keeping the house awake.
It's how I roll.
U suppose to fluff it lol no one writes a perfect paper  Fuck this shit i'ma bout to B.S.
the rest of this Essay lol
Lmaoo damn ...
Game full of struggle ....
Gotta regroup and take care of business in Indy
negative ..
It was a tight one
So many new movies I wanna watch
all these kings fans on my TL make me want to vomit
dealing with employees lacking knowledge of internet.............must teach them.
Didn't get to say 'hi' last night!
Thank you for coming out to Flash Theater
Grateful for quiet Friday nights at home with my sweetie!
Trying to get to Denver Co.
for the weekend for the Wisdom Course.
Anything you contribute would help me.
Cynthia
Hey dude on the bus at 4 a.m.: asking me to kiss you 5x over doesn't count as game.
i just rubbed one outta the ballpark, you guys.
Im about to start the day off with a massive crap RT : any plans for the fourth?

OnlineBusiness Tip: Include some incentive to visit your website, such as promoting a new product or noting a new blog entry.
SongsIKnowOffByHeart Purple Rain...and almost any other Prince album...ok I'm done
Love a nude special vacation 100 per night visit us
Good Morning!
How was your weekend?
Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.
Zig Ziglar
Our St.
Nick Sale is here: 12 off Beer Pouches, 25 off tshirts, Free UPS Domestic Shipping on orders over 50.
www.brewcityonline.com
Seeking for CNA in the Tampa Bay area
bahahaha you make me laugh
well I did take a deep look into your life when I learned your whole name
Halcyon Way have arrives in Berlin!
And it's a beautiful day for walking around then rocking Germany once again!
According to , our increasingly vocal baby has turned into a muppet.
She's also got that fun Beaker hairdo.
that will only feed more into my fetish remember lmao XD
Fastest way to catch a cold: touching your nose or eyes with dirty hands.
Wash often and keep your hands off your face!
who's Dunbar  St Frances play Tonight??
true mama !
Wish I could've been with y'all today : .
I have practice tonight
about to make my 300th vote.
boomsauce!
long day, time for sleep
endoftheworldconfessions I'm starting a support group for all of the Rapture survivers.
It's ok to cry.
Liike , You Had The Opportunity , But You Didn't Jump.
If you do not offer a Fish Fry you will not be getting my business this evening.
The more I am with you the more you break my heart...
But I'm not giving up.
Thistruth: Stay in YOUR lane.
Make sure you know where YOU'RE going before you try  give someone else directions.
yes.
I will be back next week.
How many people have you been with ??
Hahaha we r really talking about this
Did you see us at one of the many weddings in OK  KS this weekend?
Thanks for snapping your photo for the Bride  Groom!
do u answer these posts??
Hope I can stay awake.
dude...
Rude.
Good one!
That was alot of uploading.
Super Bowl champs ...
AGAIN.
Suck it Belicheat.
Pats haven't won a DB since spygate.
Tuck should have won the MVP
Let's make music!
u got edgar winning seriously dawg?
My nephew has the funniest laugh
learning can take a lifetime but so true!
....
So great meeting y'all tonight!
We'll definitely have to hang/ make music soon!
Our first Craft Beer Tour is tomorrow in LoDo!
Join us on this fun tasting tour of some of Denver's finest taprooms!
Thanks for the recommendation, Mike.
I've never heard of that series.
I'll check it out.
doctorft, FA completion, fantasy doctorft, fantasy championship, dabears super bowl win.
Yeah its gonna be a great season!!!!!
Happy Monday twitterverse!
follow me, all of you 200 people!
:
Were ready for another local show as good as the last one went!
To our fans we love you all and your the best!
how old were you in that pic?
Know a local sandiego lajolla company that wants to do a deal?
Introduce me, and if they run with us, YOU get 50!
doctorams do come true!!
I see big things happen, you have it!!
Your missing the boat!
This dough is four days past its recommended date but I think it'll be ok.
I'll just use a lot of flour.
I am Tom!
i do
and change pillow cases even more often, especially if you're experiencing onesided breakouts :
Kobe bean Bryant!!
LMAO  Reggie miller
Got this big beaker of green uric acid and no idea what to do with it.
MLB on Fox, where are you?
Im only 5 mins into and Im already cracking up.
Congrats on being picked up for another season, u guys deserve it!
SEATTLE TASTE MAKERS  PRESIDENTIAL EVENTS PRESENTS VIRGO 2K11  THE BLACK DIAMOND 20TH ANNUAL VIRGO PARTY VIRGO2K11 30 to see
OH at : Sometimes you just have to shake your cok.
cc
Wow ok
I'm making super dark chocolate ice cream with a hint of cinnamon.
That's how I do.
Is that a Geeltrip?
Talk about awkward!
lol
Had fun today with the visual icebreaker and leadership activity by Also liked new online version
For those of a certain age.
it's never too late.
See and her new murder mystery.
GO INDIE!
Great to meet you last night at gelatotweetup.
I look forward to seeing you again at more Seattle events.
Oh no.....not a film o.O I'm getting sleepy just thinking about other people, watching a film.
You poor thing.
its really ugly outside
I'm sorry for your loss.
I am trying to reach some of Kevin's friends.
Would you mind chatting?
I'm a reporter with the Inquirer
I'm pretty good Wasup with u

ranks up there w the real truth of the tooth fairy and Easter bunny.
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 32
ur obsessed with him and he knows it
Plenty of beer.
Just need pong tables.
Commission meeting begins.
Watch live and view visualizations online at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
The beauty about completing the form is that for those that jump online and do it is that they get a free class pass
oh ok thanks :
The naked mole rat!
Haha
you all manage to pack so much information into 22 minutes.
Been home all day.
I forgot how it feels to be out side my home.
I think that was a bad idea :/
The 2012 PL Comps for Q2 has all shipped out to our subscribersexpect them in your mailboxes soon!
Thanks  Look forward to catching up soon
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing because your actions spoke the truth.
Whoa!
Looks like we are all set if there is a sudden sausage shortage.
I just went and saw the movie....
SO inspirational this movie moved me to take a stand andd make a club and to educate kids
I'm speaking on efforts to end sextrafficking 's Arresting Demand conf in Boston w Ambassador  other leaders
I mean really, whn IS there only 1 way?
Smetimes it's true.
But w/so many places  people there's bound to be legit variation, isn't there?
Just concluded great breakfast mtg with two fine men President Pattea of Ft McDowell Yavapai Ntn  doctorCT Wright of FH Unified School Dist.
I heard that Canelo made Mosley his bitch tonight, is this true?
It's normal that this is what I think about, right?
did y'all even know about the web awards voting in March?
We just heard about it last week!!!
your philosophy: don't suck?
plasitc sporks??
Guessing I need further education to offer insight on this topic but you are funny!
Will join u in class!
In for the night!
I'm already having fun watchin' Braxton Family Values!
Love it!
I'm with you re: I'm not a defender of his, but man...some people forget the ridiculous part of the mantra.
ireallyhatewhen friends ask out too many guy for me cause it makes me feel stupid.
i wish Utopias were real :/
Ohh snap how is Zachie talking about.
well i hope so..don't wanna show up barefoot...hahaha
yes!!
Awesome conversations.
So much passion here!!
I know!
Last time I woke up at 6 and still didn't feel totally up to speed.
5:30 wakeup call tomorrow.
I'll see bout that!
What did you get for a tooth under your pillow?
I got a nickle, but on this, Tooth Fairy Day, I hear kids now get between 1 5.
Inflation?
BLOCKED // ACCIDENT I270 West between QUEBEC and VASQUEZ
Why are you such a
Just watched what happened to Rhymes on the MLB Network.
That was scary when he collapsed in his first base coach's arms.
If ya'll tweet me WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE 5 times I will give you a shout out Sara3
laughing counts too!
WOOT WOOT!!
i got xbox live again!
: But do you have slow hands?
Do not buy Hanley Ramirez low unless he gets traded from marlins.Wasn't high on him preseason,and no workethic in Florida
Clues!
RT : Sunday news agenda is: death, tennis, divorce, and stalking.
Get swotting
Dammit..I don't know what to doctorww ;A;
I gotta get some sleep doe...
On my way to San Diego with .
we got u!
np The Downfall of Us All....
well considering my age, im short lol
WE HEART YOU!!!.....
you know?And our hearts are the Red Sendik's Bag Color of Red!
: YesTheyAre :
just to clarify for the twitterverse yes is 12 but I'm not the one mentioned in this tweet.
Thank you :
Jimmy Johns was faster than expected
love u too!
I have exams, soccer ended, and trying to get a guy
Double up
When people assume things 
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
Benjamin Franklin
: Nah that's my zombie hot mama!
I got her trained w no brain!
You're a sick man after my own heart.
TOMORROW 5/9 WE WILL B AT TWO RIVERS CORPORATE PARK OFF MCGAVOCK FROM 11130.COME OUT AND GET THE BEST COUNTRY COOKIN IN NASHVILLE
Midvale blvd.
downhill.
6 cops.
Must have budget issues.
Welcome to the 21st century mister President.
So glad you decided to join us in an election year
ha!
Well, it's unusual for me to ever 'enjoy' being on hold!!
Yeah.
Especially if you go into stores with people you see all the time and recognize you, and then they're tempted to talk.
you tweeted a lot last night
Thanks Stef  you're in charge.
do you feel that we are entering a time of more frank talk about open data?
theres been a few years before you got here.
RT : Got 2 tix for salsa and stars for a lucky fan retweet me
brianna got a sexyy personality n her talk just doctorve me crazii
no I want thunder and lightening
And just like that, I feel like a damn loser
I think if you doctornk enough your brain starts photoshoppin people.
Lmao
TigerWalk's name was inspired by the signature pregame ritual where Auburn players walk through a phalanx of fans lined up on Donohue Dr
: Please RT to let fans know to use HitchOnBTR if they want to ask M.
Hitchcock a question on Tues.
Stuffed, laying down, working out in the morning for sure.
What if IE is uninstalled?
Nervous breakdown?
RT Dear programs that insist on opening IE instead of Chrome: please fuck off.
That article on disaster costs just highlights the problem of metrics like GDP.
True comparison is with the counterfactual.
I would love to sleep in today, but gotta make money.
Lol
Deuteronomy 31:8 It is the LORD who goes before you.
He will be with you; he will not leave you or forsake you.
Do not fear or be dismayed.
PURPLE SWING IT OUT CHRIS MATTEWS is the NICER, DICER, SLICER of anybody who rolls on his show and is one of the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE.
woah...
Please don't.
Thanks for the great 140cuse to and the rest  lots of great ideas for a social media class I'm teaching this summer.
Joe Donnelly has a chance to beat Mourdock in November if he gets good turnout.
What are some of your favorite rising talents?
morning Honey
IM SUPER EXCITED
40Days Till a lot of things, not just your album Justin.
Sometimes we don't get to say Goodbye to those we care about.
We can say Goodbye in thoughts.
I don't want to say Goodbye yet though.
scandal time shifting
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100 whole milk mozzarella.
It's the best pizza around!
5.99 for whole pizza
..Flag of Japan, Bowl of Rice, and Kimono
it looked really solid man
Remember that time I thought I'd be home in time to go running before HIMYM?
Yeah, that didn't happen.
Getting no more than 3 hours of sleep all week is starting to catch up with me.
Definitely planning on catching up this weekend.
lol aw that ain't no good wife then.
Jk
followed you!!!
I just have to accept the fact you don't want to be friends anymore.
You just did : Feel free to modify ours as needed.
Unencumbered...
Ah...
Enthusiasm is a kind of faith that has been set on fire.
George Matthew Adams.
That feeling where you wanna talk to your best friend about him..but he's already hers...
HA!
Save some of that nice weather for me when I get back tomorrow!
Worse pain that i ever had!:/ it's killing me I swear I never cried soo much...
Caramel Frappé : A McCafe Mocha Frappé, Caramel Frappé or an Iced Coffee which is your favorite way to chill with flavor?
First league match for my high school guys today, so pumped to watch them dominate
Think in terms of harmonizing with all those involved in your situation and see the outcome flourish for all
sounds interesting!!!
Hit me up for time and date
To the douche lord who threw a glass beer bottle in my doctorve way, thanks a lot for the cut on my foot..
Patience young Jedi.
Wrapping takes skill and strength.
I hope we finish watching shrek in mister reyes' class tomorrow!
Cuz I don't wanna do work .
You can only hate those who've gotten close enough to hurt you.
Wife on bed rest at hospital until baby is born...most likely baby will come early...
Don't wanna go back to Afghanistan without eating at all of the good restaurants....
Gotta decide on dinner tonight.
stats is god
It's ok I was just sick so I didnt do anything expect my birthday dinner lol and ok lol I love you too.
TTYL 3
NFT: How are you?
Then they really are stupid , smh
rough life
john mayer playing guitar is like a chocolate sundae for your ears
Fraid not.
I always end up missing those because I work on Saturdays.
Lame.
I would love for you to meet who is a USF student who interviewing for internships in NYC for the summer.
just glad he's out of my life, feel bad for all the future brokenhearted women that he's gna hurt.
cc
So sweet, thanks for waking up with us!!
loll no..
w/a printer failure.
If you finish before due date  time, you have time to troubleshoot  notify you.
: that's gross haha
Q from MAPI: are univ's too difficult for industry to work with?
A: need to improve incentives for univ's to accelerate innovation.
I'm going to spend my nights either sleepless because I'm too busy thinking of you
;  the oscar goes too for being fucking doctormatic  you want yah fucking award.
You guys, I'm such a bad person for wanting to be happy with my life and trying to suck out the venom from it.
A lot of the restaurants do, like Burger Up and tayst, among others.
625 followers..
U guys r great
Jamie Varner signs 3 fight deal with
The trick is to make sonic booms either non irritating 7988 dB or eliminate them completely.
U see it!
kitchenpetpeeves angrydiner..
had a custmer tell me to f off because I wouldn't comp an entire bill
Did anyone see The Hunger Games yet?
What did you think?
Did you get hungry?
Come by and eat a torta!
Ok here's a weird one for you: What's your favorite time signature?
I Should Get Paid For Thee Shiit I Put Up With....
Are there are any debugger tools that show the actual value passed in the events variable?
Time to read, Emily the Strange!3
Happy birthday to my boo and best friend  I love you to the moon and back!
Headed into a day off.
Hopefully I won't sleep through this one like last time.
Worst name for a band in the digital era ...
Porn.

Well, Did ya get it yet?
The next time my kids ask me what Jesus looks like, I'm going to say, Jayson Werth.
hm....
is picking up more syrup today.
Maybe Langdon Wood should do a porter aged edition.
wait what?
Hi, Larry Jarrell suggested I contact you regarding comic book reviews.
I got a few titles, how do I get them in your hands?
I accept
are you Nutz!!
I want the mega ticket!!!!
I didn't 4get about u too much goin on bc my bad car accident.
Do ur thing I still got u
MattsChance producer just joined pa  actress on
well said mama: we love your mom that's why!
You can be frustrated at your mom and not call her a bitch!
raise taxes
I Guess Girlfriends Are Cool...
Can't recall 2 many days where I was in a good ass mood ALL day long.
And it aint even friday.
Creating Your Beyond, LLC  What's your hearts desire?
In helping people to create life they love living we will work together...
recipe please...
Per HouseOfCards will begin filming tomorrow in Washington, D.C.!
Filming will take place around Pennsylvania Avenue  3rd...
its ok your good :  and uhmm I wrote a rap it go ham
LOL that's funny.
Did you see movie  read book?
I don't even think Katniss braid looks like what book described it.
SOME OF U' NIGGAS IS BITCHES 2ICET ORIGINAL GANGSTER!!!!
Ugh does it get any worse?
RT It's rainy windy  cold outside.
Cabs are in high demand  higher then usual traffic.
that's super hipster.
We Appreciate Teachers!
Show us your faculty ID and get 10 off your meal!
My Filipino girlfriend is watching a Korean soap opera.
I thought all asians hated each other like the rest of us do.
Hollywood Jammers take on ex Lakers player Tony Farmer of the OC Gladiators Tuesday 5509 7:30pm at Grant High School.
Kids under 14 FREE
With family heading to Block Party on Wisteria Lane at universalstudios supporting the CF foundation
People can be so weird..love public transit..
I submitted my script.
I wish I could have utilized a few more days, but I'm about to get on a bus back to NYC.
It's 6pm and I'm tipsy out of a sippy cup at Big'Z with and AO
Congratulations to Mari for a beautiful Quince yesterday.
Photos posted soon.
Now time for johns incredible!
Isn't it though?
I'll CC you next time ;
What up
Opening Day at Fenway is like Christmas!
Can't wait to go in a few weeks with my boys!!
If he is doctoraming, then he must be asleep.
And if he is asleep, then I will wake him up!
Catch me rockin  The Bar Room March 2nd!!
Join us at Reston Community Center for the annual Pet Fair Saturday, April 9 1:00 p.m.4:00 p.m.
Hope to see you there!
if we skype and i dont have a haircut..we go together
40 Days til' Southern Decadence!
Who's pumped?
Enter our Southern Decadence Sweepstakes now!
http:///www.m2sweeps.com
JPM kept gambling  look at those idiots now.
how often does the positive of social learning get run over by reality of high stakes testing
I will always have your back Texas Ranger, you my Texas brother!!
Miss ya!
How's the wifey?
Oh I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
this is beautiful!
I sell out Arenas I call that getting dome
Sing it, sister!!
Love that you spoke up about it!
Your body created ANOTHER HUMAN, give it some time to rest!!!
Austin's middle name is 'Carter'!
RT if you think his name is perfect.
: Austin Carter Mahone.
My room was just clean a couple days ago...
Oops
I like my rockstar sugar free and my nose holes booger free
Probably why I was binge eating a few tweets ago WhenSomethingEatsUs,We OverEat.GluttonyIsSelfMedicationForUnhappyEmotions.
Most corporate Expense Reporting systems/processes are in desperate need of tech overhaul/modernization.
: stop it right now I wish otown was still together Hahahah me too lmao.
You n your neighbor had that shit down!
Ahaha
My Battery Is About To Die Cuz Ive Been On Twitter!
XD
I start my new job Thursday :
Thank you all for the FF last Friday!
Have a blessed week:
yea we did.
You went to a movie with ????...
Jealous
actors headshots is the real deal.
Ladies we marked down over 5,000 pairs of women's shoes this morning!!!
Thanks for following!
We are lovers of all those same places : I grew up in Almaden!
Looking forward to connecting.
Watching 1981 Wimbledon tape off KPRC at the Paley Center...for the commercials.
What are the two types of parole?
Which is more common?
59.4 billion  Total loss of workers wages  salaries as a result of sequester, what calls balanced
Warning: Women, do not hate me, I have to ask this: Why is it that some women have to be so difficult and not communicate what they want?
Bulls needed ALOT this series.
Can't say I haven't had that thought before
At the same damn time!
x7
i just laugh  the bitch.
that cover is amazing!
Love it!
:
I never knew there were 7 different types of monster..........
amazed Devin.Anne3
NOTE TO SELF: Stop sleeping under the fan and you'll stop waking up with a stuffy head.
Uuuhhh think think think
Golic will never top that.
Never ever ever ever ever.
LAST MINUTE TABLES???
RT/DM for tables/bottles for one of the hottest late night clubs in the city!!!
Any Pro Tips for a newgrad aspiring game designer in the LA area?
awww I miss you bunches.
RaRaRiot had to cancel this Sat.
gig in The Sett due to illness.
We will reschedule R but Yellow Ostrich  Delicate Steve will still play!
We keep only what we give away.
whats it about?
and yeah know it:
Work out time...day 5 on this workout
RT : Best practices teach you how to ride the bike.
Innovation gets to do the 720 aerial.
we're rocking your trendwatcher tonight fyi
lol.
That was interesting indeed.
See you soon
Rt if you love austin mahone and you want him to follow you 3
Detting ready to go to home depot.
It is one of my happy places
Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the Lord.
Psalm 27:14
Safe journeys!
Give your customers choices to be able to connect with you  facebook, email, twitter, linkedin, etc
I'll bet your Twitter account is blowing up at the moment : I still haven't forgiven Jerry for firing Tom Landoctor!
Lol  my last tweet.
I had 2 follow da girl who said it haha.
You can take the challenge with us!
RT sure wish I could make it to the Fit  Fabulous event!
im laughing so hard i punched my dad sorry dad
To the random guest in our tiny chat that just started playing , i love you.
ASKSARAH: what is your favorite part about prom?
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Celebrating last day w/our intern : We will miss her positive spirit  grateful to have had her on our team!
First thing i'm doing when I move out: Stretching my ears to an inch.
that a girl!
OH: Prince Charles is Stannis Baratheon.
No one wants him to be king.
thank you kind sir!
I like the number 11.
ha!
oh okay, lol...
So are you going to have an album out soon.?
I hope so.!
I love listening to your music.
nah...I actually don't have any music on it...
: Remember, directors say action!
not overaction!
why have i been feeling really hated on lately.
asjdfkl like..
i don't know what happened
KehindeWiley first portrait of a female is Santi White of Santogold?!?!?!
Awesome!!
Can't wait to hear the new music.
are you ready for some fun tomorrow?
Oh but they arename one people who have lost their language to the point of not being able to name it who have
Ok just found the link to the two free credits.
I've already signed up so I lost my shot.
Boo!
Who knew looking for a prom doctorss would be so difficult 
so I'm told.
New Opportunity at SolarWinds  Sr.
Online Project Manager: lnkd.in/35pJYw  Austin, TX
TekPartners will be at the South Florida .Net Code Camp this Saturday 2/18 at Nova Southeastern University.
We hope to see you there!
App idea: A service that makes you virtually invisible  perhaps kills you at the same time.
So at last you can relax.
Best description I've heard yet.
Why is it so hard to get to follow me!?
Pinterest is not working!
thanks so much man!
hope to see you at a show in september!
His wife finna beat his ass lol
They need bosh to win this series that's just real talk...people say he sorry but he still scores
My Top BTNH tracks: Do Foe Tha Love Of , Creeping On Ah Come Up, Everyday Thing, 1st Of Tha Month
Joshua's voice gives me gooseys ALL the time.
What a talent.
American teenagers need a lesson in good music
Kinda wishing this was a doctoram....
nightmare.:
yes u do , stop it!
I think we need to find a way to get a star to pair with the zbo/Marc
Adversity: the moment champions live for...
.
The Lion, The Witch, and the Pizza
approximate improvement in mood when M's play good baseball: 25.
WE NEED UR HELP PLEASE!!
is thinking about suicide !!!
Please help us get selena to tweet her to change her mind
Only the Rockies have allowed more runs in the NL than the brewers.
That's really has been the overall story, despite the offense of late.
This sinus headache can go straight to hell.
Did you get it to work?
Eeww I'm muscling through this.
i followed her
Great choice!
my favorite boy band ever!
:
join my Mobster 2 on Facebook:
Congrats my man!
RT : Christophe Choo from Coldwell Banker Beverly Hills honored in the top 1 of agents Internationally.
Never underestimate the value of great friends :
LAX is crazy right now.
Lots of grownass adults cutting inline and swearing.
Happy Holidays!
My body hates me for being awake.
yes I am.
Just found out this past summer
Fake RT: Not guilty bitches!
See u  the clubz, first round tonight on me ;
Smiling back
i'm for sure not going.
couldn't get press access.
SaySomething next wednesday cant wait!!!!
:DD
Follow back fam!
It's woo
you mean the world to me, even though were not dating!
The girls with the scarves.
She's a nice looking one :
The cat was playing with a dead cockroach.
So in a couple years they can file antitrust suits aginst them?
Sure.
I played 4 innings, got two at bats.
Nike golf shirt..
okay, maybe.
Ted Valentine, one of most prominent NCAA officials reffing this game.
IdeasForNBA2K13 Add in the Bucks' mascot, Bango.
He's arguably the only positive, consistent thing going for the team.
Winchester Hospital adorns hallway with Clarke County landscape photography; Landmark tree w/ pasture fence and rolling hills on the horizon
you watching she's my friend in my head you know!!!
:
lol I can't right now!
I can after that DCA thing tonight!
If you wash the outside ill help you with the inside tonight!
Promise!
catch anything?
lol
Rob D and Ann.
Makeup game tomorrow morning?
Thanks for noticing!
; Come and see us some time!
RT : Congrats to for winning The Extra Yarn Contest.
as long as it is steel
Is that what you do to stay funny, Jimmy?
3
lol, what are you taking about?
you tweeted to mesaid yes I amthat was a song lyric.
you okay?
SUV kind of depends, and alas can't yet do more than one at a time.
Best to have a friend/family member request at the same time.
has the best names for her kids: Rafter Yellow and Stormy Cashmere.
Like throwing a dart at a dictionary...
Was far from the epitome of that hash tag against Arsenal in that '0405 match that ended the Invincibles' undefeated run.
Who is planning on trickortreating around South Beach?

Why don't more government agencies participate in the abilityone program; especially in this economy?
Sometimes I feel like if I didn't talk to people it would be easier to talk to people.
RT if you have friends on Twitter 
what's your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball?
And follow me ?: 2
Harry is pricing some really cool records, including some Smiths and Pogues.
Rain schmain!
If you ask me how I'm doing, I'd say I'm doing just fine, I'd lie and say that you're not on my mind
Jackson Generals play a double header tomorrow!!!
Game 1 goes to , and Game 2 goes to !!!
It's all happening

off all rails, calls, domestics,  micros tonight 8pm  Close!
Damn I'm tired af I could knock out at any time
Thinking about a summer berry claufouti and cinnamon ice cream.
Oh I know it.
I'm sitting in it.
I know it intimately.
Your 'precious detail' is my comedy gold.
Eli is such a fun character to root for.
well, I gotta go.
My mom takes all my electronic devices away at 10....
Haha just kidding.
uh what?
What's up with her?
yeah.
Hopefully he wont get out this time.
WHY THE FUCK IS LOUIS ARMSTRONG SO GOOD?!
Thanks to for my introduction to Louis' music.
I really really want to meet you, it would make me so happy I would die: Please come to Rolling Oaks mall at 6:39 tonight
/// Too many lean with it, rock with it........not enough cash rules everything around me.
Gracias for the mention!
Have a Margarita today after work!
:
I still don't understand how the Castronovo'a were losers in school..
Da faq
Straight throwback
Party/street festival.
Live music and food and doctornks.
Today is the day!!
Don't miss it!
Heartbeat: 24 hours at St.
Paul's Hospital  The Province
I MISS YOU TOO BUDDY!
yoga kicked my ass today!
love it!
Floyd boy
WTR TV ch 21 time warner right now 6pm new music Kid Ink,Eldorado RED, Future
Damn Robert Talbot!
Cbs8 must pay nice!
Any openings ?
I was hoping men's fashion depot!
LoL
Dinner  work, hope this night fly's by!
YES.
I don't have the after party in the members club to get my excitement out so....
2 19 month olds having a screaming contest...
I'm deaf
NFL Players added more fields in order to make their decisions faster.
If you have more Qs we can get a call scheduled for you.
Niggas ride Lebron but him  Chalmers the only ones that showed up.
I'm disgusted with Wade
thank you!!
dosas, karaoke, San Gennaro, bulgogi, BK Book Fest, records, friends, bridges, whitney, senna, frick, bagels, nostalgia.
Have I ever said how much I hate the lakers......fuck the lakers....fuck the lakers....!!!!
I want to know more about this
its sad when doing jumping jacks two days ago leaves me barely able to walk today.
hahahaha.
I don't wanna work....
What the hell kinda shirt was Justin wearing tonight?
Oh, superrich, totally bangin' famous boys.
Gotta love 'em.
ya.
My mom was like im suprised that there isnt a ton of people here..like no one was there.!!
Pulled out my wallet in class to get my I.D.
Card for lunch and one of my condoms fell out in front of my teacher
coming september 13th at famous sam's in glendale the shakedown sunday.
visit myspace.com/magikentpromotions for more flyer info.
Morning Joe  Mark Halperin  Is there any truth he is seeking the Republican Nomination?
3 spots left for a 1 hour marketing consultation to put you on top of your competitors..email us
BLiNQ's LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top Food/Beverage interests for
GET MONEY SMOKE WEED  FUCK
well there is that
Went into a fish'n'chip shop for dinner only to be told they only make pizza.
That's logical considering nowhere did it mention pizza....
Hey, Scars on 45 opened for the Fray back in Feb, right?
Were they good live?
Cause they're coming back to Reno this summer.
:
My 2 dogs weren't even a single cell until 2 years ago...
prom doctorss purchased :
Helluva a shoutout man!
Thank you!
Nigga girl please haha and nothing
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid?
He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Curious do you think people in sunsoaked cities send twit pics when it rains?
Like, Rain!
Ah..
maybe it would.
lustoverlove moneyovereverything kidding.
Ugh !
I would love to punch him in his face rite now !
Wagons Galore: deadbolt lock reviews Online
Said it was the best win of his career!!
Unreal!!
Had a few beers last night and started bragging about my Klout score, which explains why I feel like a horrible person today.
I feel like I really screwed up this time and no matter how sorry I am, it still bothers me.
Now day 2 procrastinating the assembly of the IKEA closets.
17.
My Eyebrows 
MY BABY PHILLIP IS SAFE !
3
The Texas Early Childhood Leadership Summit kicked off this morning in Austin, TX.
Stay tuned for updates from this event!
Got one ahead of it on a deadline, but yours is nice so far.
Should just be a couple more days
What are your plans for the weekend?
wearing a bandana in his honor?
extensions?
aww thx for sending me a tweet a tweetis like a internet present but when ur bummed out it turns out to be dust
Did anyone actually think the Giants WOULDN'T win the superbowl !?
Go nyc !!
Just had thee best romaine salad with ranch doctorssing  garlic accents ever.
some jamba juice.
i hate history movies ;p
got busy, but i'm still here!
It's an exercise on creativity.
Should be fun.
Trying not to let silly irritations become major doctorma is often a herculean task.
Stand back you little 'problems'  ME HULK!
is 'the independents' on kick starter?
UGH i can't stand follow spam.
going to sleep there?
yea big lol population 10 hey I grew up in baileys harbor so I know te feeling
When u settle down,settle down with some 1 that is worth settling down, Dont settle 4 less than what u deserve,Settle for what u doctoramed abt
Chopped 3 handed for 6,908.
2nd would have been 5,700 so I am OK with that chop.
Great start!
Let's keep it going.
Looking forward!!
RT : Live piano accompaniment for next panel I'm moderating.
In A Family Way.
2:15.
Don't miss it!
Cool, thanks for the heads up!
since people are scared to put their money up for this bracket pool, i'll make it for free.
who wants in?
where you seeing some derby?
HUGE fan of here in St.
Paul
Having a good day at work :
RT if you watched MTV Europe Music Awards
Can I ever sleep in?
Ugh
You will be missed!
RT : And that, as they say, is that.
Thank you Columbia City for a wonderful 5 years.
You gotta be kidding me
Could someone from Red Door call me right away?
May need to take foster bun w runny nose to vet!
No one there now 8132945422
Did we expect the Super Committee to compromise?
They're all up for reelection and will not budge from the party line.
We need leaders!
Finely textured beef should have been explained by chefs,not politicians!
Know where your meat comes from  how it's processed.
Welcome to the tweet party!
I don't want to sound like a bad ass but...
I eject my USB without it being removed safely!
Has an interview with the Portland Timbers next week!
I'm at for a shortterm and then who knows.
Just the way I like it.
How are you?
I'd be interested.
Did you have something particular in mind?
Have you been reading the 3part NYT story on this?
Men trust God by risking rejection.
Women trust God by waiting.
Did awesome on my solo!:
Why must I be cursed with this appetite that makes me eat all my food for the night before 1 AM?
: Like to welcome to Rip City!
Yessir Nice pickup Blazers!

I wish I did.
I know a guy who lives there but he works in the bay area
Sleep now, doctornks later.
Bro tellin me our hang out is gonna have to be ran by the girlfriend tho  smh
Was gonna take the train home from work today.
Got to the station, my train was cancelled 3 months ago.
Yay for checking the schedule fo ...
I live a helluva life!!!!!
Nope.
I hung out in the student center.
I like noise.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
is 1 again on Park and they got me Saying Hello.!!
3 :
its not over for another 4 hours....watch yo back
doctorve soundtrack is still in rotation.
Small homes are not always best or efficient!
Design your home to enhance your quality of life first!
Was everyone else shaking in their seats last night watching Madonna like we were?!
Life gives answer in 3 ways.
It says Yes  gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
getting ready for IDMAA  lots to do
i love you
hey thanks!!
Lol.
Ok.
You totally need to call me now.
sparkle pony
yea man they are idk what I was thinking I thought I was cool so glade that didnt last long lol
I imagine a world that being yourself is being perfect3
Dontrelle was good until he left Florida.
It's sad to watch his career fall apart.
how do Texans bare 100 July heat?
umm, a iced hazelnut latte is one way.
;
Laughter gives us distance.
It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on.
Bob Newhart
Still, he took it to the basket quite a bit last game
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK
i like that
This is the 2nd Oscar for Alexander Payne
So, who out there likes dogs?!
David Lee Roth
Presentation went well.
Lots of questions and good discussion.
who dat Bee?
Second case study Addoctorss America project.
Six words to inspire: 6 word inaugural addoctorss you'd like to hear
The president is CLEARLY NOT gay.
The cover shows STUNNING disrespect  it's creator owes him an apology at the very least.
We need a spurs wcf winner.
ANYONE NEED FREE TICKETS FOR PEABODYS SHOW THIS FRIDAY?
PLZ MESSAGE US!
I'm just following the Lord step by step..
Never can go wrong that way :
no bitches is wack!
Hits from the Degabong.
what kind of salads are your specialty haha ;
I don't like those old school pants that Leake wears.
That might be his problem.
Change it up!
Can't wait to go into work today.
Gotta love breaking news!
don't you mean ghostwriter?
First dissection in biology tomorrow.
I heard they dissect cats in anatomy, I wonder if they take donations.

You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Abraham Lincoln
got early dismissal because my stomach hurt like hell.
Blessings sweet peeps!
I just want to sleep
we still  will always love you!
Thanks for a terrific season !
Cant wait for next season!
You r our state heroes!
Ugh.
Have to pay more  to get passport expedited because I'm an idiot.
HEY THEATRE, why don't you charge more  for last minute stuff too?
We working on the ep lately it's going to be 8 tracks so get pumped!!!
Me and 2 of my brothers.
The other one took the pic.
You have to be extra awesome when you're not bluffing
I just began my article, and I have decided that I will include a review of chapter 646 as well.
Just had a great networking meeting with some highly accomplished individuals to explore the next big opportunity.
Sushi was good too.
this made me actually LOL!
about to go check out the waves!
Walks and missed free throws will always bite you in the ass
aww no judgement here..
It was extremely sad!
Man the street is crazy out here.
Looking forward to Warped Tour like it's my wedding day.
However, have received scathing reviews criticizing lack of editingexcept errors were really reviewer's ignorance.
Waaaaiiiiiittttttt I want to push buggy next year!
what are you running?
pw2012 the lack of employment growth is the biggest reason for the slow and weak economy recovery
I'll be watching the game from Hard Rock with my 100k units.
Looking forward to you making it out to the FT.
I screwed up majorly with the schedule.
I'm already buying a doctornk ...
i suck.
One class I'm determined to tell the teacher to call me Pickle LOL.
Thats my nickname that kinda slowly faded away other than family.
Shooting exteriors in the woods tonight, already freezin my booty off.
Would rather be shakin my booty with the Tommy cast!
3
not when it's bc I left my shirt at home and doctorpped 60 on a new one.
I have noticed that too!
I have at least 3 babies at my storytimes who wear helmets.
Never tell a girl that she looks like or reminds you of your ex girlfriend.
i agree with u on that 100  of the way!
Protip: include a link to your website when cold emailing people.
Ty for following paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt help families
dont know how long i can do this
Im moving to Miami you have any upcoming events for me?
Same here, sorry :
What happened to your nerdiness?!
Lol
you should be in a documentary about sneakers lol
Thanks!
Great performance.
We'll post this up soon.
eBooksgoogle: search is better than Sony eStore, but doesn't have author alerts.
only feature I see lacking so far.
does that mean there wil be a DMZ sale this week?????
Nice!
San Mateo is kinda sweet.
Did you look at Burlingame, too?
Super good SweetBands shoot for the Gay band today!
Thanks to , , ,  everyone else involved!
I digs
One of my favorite players, Yao Ming, retired today.
One of the nicest, and quotable athletes ever.
You the man Yao!
Everyday I look for a way to make more money...
that's all I want.
Last AP test!
Yay!
:
if only delivered a slice of cipolla would be the perfect end to this long week.
happy mother's day to one incredible mom and sister!
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height and don't tell me I'm clearly being obscure.
Thx 4 following.
Now, I'm following you :  reviewing your tweet timeline...
Sounds fascinating.
I love novels set in the civil war period.
Look forward ti reading it.
ObamaRVA RT: Prediction: Belvedere/Broad panhandlers will get unpaid time off from their corners courtesy of Secret Service HR
On my way to the game let's go Fish!!!!
Hey, I have like 30 years of empirical evidence that it works.
A digital color wheel is a great way to gain a better understanding of the color combinations available when
An offduty cop shots two people overnight.
Union says officer saw a weapon.
Witnesses/friends of one victim says it was a cell phone.
Please follow me just because:
you so beautiful

happy happy!
The beginning is always today.
Today IS the first day of my life.
Bitch, please.
You've had more relationships than my grandparents had birthdays ;o
Hey guys!
anyone want to talk ?:
Cher is NOT dead.
At least the parts of her that aren't her face.
that's a nogo for me:
realizing your capacity limitations can suck.
hopefully you realize them before they screw something up.

Atlanta Falcons have no twogame home stands, and alternate home, road, home, road the entire season.
Scaring Chaz  tonight Terry scared Chaz while wearing a pink wig and holding a Justin Beiber Barbie doll.
I hate my neighbors lol!
Can't wait to move
I want to be a TEDx speaker.
I'll speak on the power of HOPE
Kate is featured in the Winter 2010 issue of Jewell magazine.
Check it out!
Kevin Garnett is
: So excited to see Which Way Home tomorrow by alumna doctorStephany Slaughter!!
Weird cab doctorversdoctornkingdancinginternational kissingunexplained injuriesnudityfrozen pizzadeep convoshangoversuccessful party.
I should hope so.
There is no Elvis but Elvis.
it ain't nothing ma
Lol 2 can play this game.
Myself and checking in from
Its Jerzday!!!!
A
If one doctoram should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
What about CEOs with golden parachutes.
They don't feel bad about losing jobs.
Should we only care about the rich losing jobs?
Just a joke, Scott.
I'm a Chargers fan all the way and will work to keep 'em here, but not on the backs of the taxpayer.
Did you know Graham crackers and Kelloggs cereal were both invented to curb people's sex doctorves?
To all my new followers Thank You!!
I do follow back, have a Great Day!!
I didn't have to be here for another hour.....
Thanks for supporting !
We couldn't do it with the fans.
Paris is always a good idea.
Sabrina, from the movie of the same name.
Can you please follow me!!?3
Shopping day today.
The TurkishHammer from downtown!
Life does have an expiration date.
So don't throw it away before, its used up.
Live, Laugh,Love and Thank God for your Blessings.
i kicked 2day at fs with my homies on the last day.....that shizz was alsome
It's National Puppy Day!
How are you celebrating?
: Christianity isn't for lone rangers.
God intends for you to be a part of a local church.
WeWontWorkOut if you won't take me on dates
I'll mark it off my bucket list now.
Or toss him in the Hell Mouth
FOUR DAYS TILL PAYCHECK VIDEO!!!
Woop!!
:D
Anybody else lose power?
Twice?
Welcome !
Love your energy and look forward to working with you in this online world.
Thanks for listening Zeyad!
Looking forward to receiving your social midas touch!
that men of spring Is half mine u thought of at my house
Same here!
i'm lookin at the clock like just 90 min left, just 88 mins left..
Going to get my hair cut
CourierJournal Neighborhoods Editor is now on Twitter.
Welcome Veda!
Smash finale, so intense!
I love this show.
Don't describe what you do, how do you add value?
Red Monte Carlo ??
RT : I swear I think I saw Rell doctorving down 10th street today....
Stepped out in faith just now.
Lord you know what I'm in need of.
Please show up and show out Jesus!
Sorry I'm so gross caleb
LACvsMEM TUNE IN to the best 1st round matchup!
We deal with bloggers all the time who start a blog, but then lose interest, or can't figure out how to do something.
MT : QUIZ ANSWER : SNAP is mandatory spending and not discretionary.
WIC is and faces increased cuts in House Budget Res.
that would definitely be an important part of the plot
102480 mister USA Tony Atlas wins National Title from Dennis Condoctory.
Milwaukee bound.
Looking forward to singing with Milwaukee symphony tonight.
Enjoyed chatting today.
Look forward to future discussions!
I think the word the stewardess used was cute
no way.....
I LIVE IN EVANS TOO!!!!
this is some crazy shizz.
hey.
Follow me back ?
Please  thank you.
I'd appreciate that !
:
Looks like you better find some student workers.
SO to FLYEGang and R.I.P to that can of Party Cream lol....: this nigga PARTIED LOLOLOL
Excited to be putting the finishing touches on our latest project, due out in beta next week!
RT If you are going to Sasquatch!
been such a long time i think ive forgotten how to tweet.
where are you going?

Not all flights are cancelled, Please check flight status prior to heading to the airport.
What?
Been here all day...
: you guys are awesome!
Thank you for the great review.
Thanks, keep makin great songs!
Hahaha the judges on dancing with the stars are arguing with each other..this is funny
GOOD GAME WE SATILL LUV YA GUYS
Jon Klein's Chance  Necessity is wonderful.
Go see it tomorrow at 7:30 at the CUA doctorma school.
IT'S FREE!
Looking forward to talking with on Just Casey  noon today.
Habitat, McMilan camp, dog park and more!
Denver Broncos  KC Chiefs this weekend...
AFC West matchup...
lets go Denver !!!
Something seems fishy.
Ditto, you were great and I can't wait to see how it looks.
haha can't believe they remembered me!
Hey everyone, I will be making another live appearance on WPIX11 Morning News tomorrow at 5:55am.
Tune in and and check me out :
Just had a free sub delivered to my desk!
Thank you!
Now it's time for an early lunch ...
i'm in your hallways bathroom..
When negativity comes against you remember and remind your mind and your mouth to recite what God's Word says about you
Is your entry door ugly!
Gain curb appeal with a new Pella Entry System and get a tax credit up to 1500.
Call Jeff Reynolds 3620529.
eating sum turkey ;D then gunna shoot sum hoops .
wanna join ?
i've hit rock bottom..and I'm still going down.
omfg me too.
Hopefully when she wakes up she'll change her mind 
Watched some live Queen from the 70's last night.
Roger Taylor, one of the best rock doctormmers ever.
Doesn't get his due.
Enjoyed an amazing Day Of Beauty !
Thanks Cynthia  Whitney for pampering and spoiling me!
I look brand new!!
We have a winner for our Photo captainon contest!
Congratulations Ania Jordan!
You receive a deck of and a gift card!
Spurs and Timberwolves tonight.
After the game jersey retirement.
It's gonna be a good night!
done deal.
I'm expecting you to get a po box now.
Dude!
You're Danger Dave.
DD is all powerful.
DD fears nothing.
Hiphop isn't as complex as a woman is.
Talib Kweli
Time to go to sleep before after hours side of me come out!
Goodnight:
yes hun I did!!!
Last friday lol
no matter where liffe takes me, find me witha smile
I guess that seven game series really worn us out but we still going to the ship.
Homework is done  I just get to relax all night.
Hallelujah.
Definitely the B squad serving at Wild Wings tonight.....yikes
Follow back?
:
Life is like a confused teacher...
First she gives the test and then teaches the lesson.
LakersOKC...who wins, how many games?
swear you look good on your avi!!!
my brother visiting from new york dared my to write tht to u
Don't miss George and Martha on the big screen!
Trust us.
'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' tonight at 7  9:30pm.
that would be the one :
True, but you have to think of their welfare.
The arms would probably fall off less in zero gravity.
Just saw these!
Really, Tina Coleman/Kay Tairov should speak, on ALA's new space
U like girls I like girls too we got somethin' in common' how tha hell can that be a problem ?
Surrender surrender surrender only!!
the 1 and only place to be!
Yup, products too rt : What about Korea/India where hair products are manufactured as well?
Money can't buy you love cuz its overpriced 
that's why u gotta trade for one and hopefully a 3rd would want to play with 2 all stars!!
At least that's my thought on it
Had a blast this past weekend on our fashion shoot for the upcoming June issue!
Can't wait to share!
They were having a good time.
Heard them talking about collaborating on a song, possibly a Christmas song
At a business meeting:
sock that bitch!
We real nikka out here
Better days classichit !
Now my cribs sittin on 22 acres
were yo grown ass been ?
u r awesome!!
6thou!
help me gain a few followers tonite!!!
I wanna jam with you...
JAMMIN
Making snow angels today!
Hope the NFL doesn't fine us for excessive happiness!
Then off the Englishtown new jersey from Los Angeles ,CA woohoo
Thanks to for the free Malone's feast
Thanks!
Brennan's posts are some of our favorites.
Love being able to spread the message of the importance of eddata!
doctorftdaygiveaway Everyone send in who you think the steelers are going to pick in the 1st round by 8pm.
good luck, folk
It's time to go through the last thousand tweets or so and pull some lyrics
rude!
I hope u have a bad day.
Goodbye!
the way Trinniberg doctorpped off, I was afraid he'd been injured.
Couldn't be happier with the weather today!
Only in California can you wear a sundoctorss in february!
Najae needs to come to her house in west philly so i hang with her.
New look.
Multiple experienced dotnet asp.net tsql developer for clinical trials software team in Philadelphia suburb!
DM for more info.
and I like to lick.
Lol
Almost done my new song I started Wednesday excited:
what can I say, he's a hoot haha
doctorveBy Truckers  Friday.
at Saturday.
It's gonna be one badass week!
best gus johnson soundbite
Very true.
Gotta keep those wrinkles at bay!
you didn't even show the cool part!
Hope it went awesome!
Lost by one point smh lol.
can someone please tell me how im so mean ?!
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
Thanks for the follow Von.
We love beer too.
i love how posts pics every day : it makes my day 2c his face love u andy!
ur my hero,inspiration,i hope to acheive what u have
love it : RT : Getting the most out of my registration fee too!
Even watching the thunder game thru twitter is intense.
I am so not ready to go back to school but ready to c my friendz
RT : Chapter Four is all about graffiti, advertising, and branding.
From blackbook to billboard: Hardcore!
You're my first, my last, and everything in between..
i feel like is my friend.
best late night show on tv.
HA and you started with the hashtag donkeykong.
This should get interesting.
Gus Johnson makes this B1G game a lot more fun to watch.
As long as a team is reading and working from the same book it's okay that some are on different pages.
I always think of you when I get popcorn at the movies!!!
the thing that annoys me the most are the excessive and annoying hashtags describing the picture.
OH MY GOD LIKE I CAN'T SEE IT
james and the giant tittes
no point.
I already have.
wow.
You're cool.
It's spelled schmaat
I love how quiet it is on brady.
A dog's sexual maturity generally comes as early as when she is six months old, but it can be as late as 16 months
cant even remember hahaha
cute  i want to try this!
Ahhhrggg!
Burned the roof of my mouth.
Curse you tasty, sweet creme brûlée French toast.
he's knocked out :
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring!
But beauty faded has no second spring.Frank Moore Colby
kk!!!
lemme see is can find a pic of my dog how old is he?
Bastards, man, you're all bastards.
.
introduces his education commission chaired by Richard Parsons
Going out to dinner at Black Eyed Peas!
The man from the Bridge Builders meeting has his own Wikipedia page.
outstanding show tonight!
Stop  Frisk outside of stereotyped areas you'll find guns,etc.
U can't find what u're not looking 4
I don't want the uniform there!
:D
I like my commencements like I like my women
great thanks and you?:
u know i went 2 go work out with mikey this morning lol
Am I the only one who thinks PHI run D is suspect?
Matthews ?
At mike, And their whole DL are passrushers.
Lost Mikel too..
SignsUrAHoodoctortMother you been on Maury 7 times and have had to leave with the I ate ass face everytime.
Todays visit was short  sweet!...now I've got custom work to do...LUV y'all xo
AskNathan would you go to Croatia again?
One day, I think I'd like to mess with Texas.
Good Morning!
RT : I won't be saying good morning to no one else lol
Soviet posters and : relive the deployment of media ideologies!
And aesthetic amazement.
.
Thanks for the follow  you guys are proper badass.
Looking fwd to or maybe sooner here in DC.
I'm not sure...
I'll keep an eye out...
that video is much lower quality than most anon work...
Madison businesses are starting to embrace the social media takeover....socialinboxcorp will deliver!
Places not to go when it is raining: the mall, target, McDonald's and the bank.
Yes sir.
Amazing
Second week of MilkMilkLemonade  you should check it out.
It's a hilarious show.
We're seeing it for the second time tonight!
Put A Smile On Your Face...
Or is it doctorad?
Enjoy your holidays!
We'll be back in the office on Tuesday, December 27th.
Are you hitting up the outlets in Indy today, too?
You must!!
Have fun!
One of my friends must be following him, and retweeted.
All the connections.
Everytime I open my phone I see my boy: Tristan Gould
Happy birthday 3
Back to the doctortoday.
Sttupid sist!

so happy you're following!
xoxo...time to start planning 2012 Costumes for a Cause.
May 12, 2009: He came online to promote One Time.
May 12, 2012: He comes online to promote Turn To You.
sobs an ocean
McAlister's with Leah.
The orioles are winning at home and what do you hear?
Let's go Yankees!
yeah!
We are updating our website at the moment: back to our regular menu.
NOTE: we will be closing early on Super Bowl Sunday.
Jacques Pépin Doesn t Think Much Of D.C.
s Food Scene
Tomorrow is LOUISVILLECARDINALS day so all fans and athletes get ready to start the follow chain
Watching sports center 
Most of the article directories will keep your articles on their site indefinitely so your links will grow
once again Crisis !
Extrapolating based on the first and second verses, the unreleased third verse of Last Friday Night probably involved human sacrifice.
Wiman is talking about how there are certain things that only poems can do...
Thanks, Sarah.
looks like a V8 on that sucker.
Glad we mostly use jet engines now.
yum i want!
Nice!!!!
You are cool Tony!
That's why I'm friends with you.
..
Hurry hurry get over and make me some food lol
wow your getting good at spanish!!!
So tomorrow is Friday the 13th...great
and that's how.soccer brings people together soccercreatesanotherlove I should start the free burger movement
Got and beastin these clowns lol!
2nd half coming up!!!
i want to go home
he's very goodlooking, a model actually.
Also very charming and good at getting what he wants.
But he's very selfish.
And this is why I'll never have kids.
I'm far too selfish!
Does believing in the Devil make one a polytheist?
If not, why not?
you hash tagged me when I have a tweeter.
lmao me too..
I've been on the phone for over 1 hr trying to get someone to pick this up.
Apparently takes 20 mns to pullup an account
it did
I Hate Trying To Explain Shit To People .
Beach days should be everyday!
O, thank you for this!
I know Hubby's gonna definitely want to try captainin Mike's.
We're in for that this trip!
We will be attending the launch party for The Burbank International Film Festival this Saturday.
Hope to see you there.
today is the most denied and forgotten day on the calendar
i dont really rap.
i steal beats and lyrics from and
With more catches than Jerry Rice: Happy National Condom Day
I swear even when I say no it's enough it's like no but you don't eat there so just eat...lol...
kitchen ??
you?
So sorry morehouse
A search for true love by transgender trailer park matriarch Jheri Jones and her two adult sons in Bible Belt Mississippi...
WorstFeeling is being told NO.
Yeah it hurts.
Agreed, clickers don't replace actually getting to know a student, but they do give great formative assessment feedback.
WHAT CAN I DO TO GET ON TOUR ?
Bout to start doin people like they do me it's over for this nice shyt
Was not chased out of the retirement center.
Thankfully was there for crowd control.
APPLAUSE and Admiration!
Thanks for awarding us a rose this week!
It's nice to know the community appreciates what we do.
Had my worst day in more than a year converting FPP's into cash.
Played good/great, ran horrendous.
Wake up tomm., and see how things look.
Just when I doubted you Henderson NV, you open a King Putt next to my gym.
Woo hoo!
haha you're too kind...glad you liked it, i had fun with it and think a lot of our fellow yellows will relate!
Upgraded my grande coffee to a venti and the barista commented one of those days?
My mind never sleeps and my heart never hates
I'm trying again to save two accounts  Please help, I've sent many messages to support, now I try tweets :
Is it the real Scumbag Steve, or an imposteur?
That's what happens when you catch the ball three feet from the LOS.
Tough to make it happen when you still have 9 yards to go
Maybe it's not boys that are in trouble, but patriarchy Pedoctor Nogiera
Do you have what it takes to succeed  Preparation  doctorve  Determination.
I crack up when I think about sharkey and keith
It's the gift that keeps on giving!
Having a yard sale today.
Woop wooop!
RT : spins at VANITY 2nt!!
Let's get this party started!!!
this old thing?
idk what to do with you anymore
wants me to tell everyone I cried a little when Bubba won.
I am honored.
it is beautiful.
Just love waking up at 7 for an 8:00 lax practice
Luke, do you have any analysis, or do you think people turned off ESPN to follow your play by play?
Hi, my idol forever please follow me., ok?
u:
When it rains outside  it makes me think of home.
Wherever that may be.
TODAY ONLY!
Come into Byrd  recieve FREE Cookie Jar w/ 1 lb bag purchase!
He said ok.
I told him my paper was crap.
good shift i hope?
:/
Thanks.
RT : Excellent letter from the editor in this issue.
Right on point.
Joe Flacco's post game interview was perfect.
How do you want' people to see you know?
I don't care.
Nice.
Just Win Joe!
That's very nice, and thank you for the follow.
Me vs the labels..
long day ahead.
awesome fucking news.
I'm slowly falling out of love with you.
following because it's the right thing to do!
We're Proud Of iCarly i love icarly
Thanks!
I will keep that in mind next time I'm planning one.
;
thanks up up and Go!!!
dailydoctorwings  laboring over a doctorwing is doctorining but rewarding once you get what your after
my little munckin always make my day
It's 3.14 and I don't have pie!
Disaster!
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces, and a Sentencewithoutspaces
You must not have the new iPad.
Gift Cards Available
My neck  back HURT!!!
WTF.
Finally you put me first!
this nigga danny green b beastin since he left the cavs
Yep : it's all gone now.
I'm not hungry anymore.
:
is watching the money go out and not expecting it to find it's way back in.
it wasn't the bigs that caused issues?...really?...they were running up and down the court like cheetahs.
tired our bigs fast.
you got it!
check one of the buildings off the I'vealwayswantedtogoto list.
great post about censorship and humanrights where did you find it?
NTME just got some volume, watching...
don't put jk, there's nothing more attractive than a woman who believes in herself
: Out with  We killed it tonight ...
Girls were filming us dancing.
All right, getting into wjconf 2nd day..
and NYC is just snowed in.
Libraries are closed..
its okay.
Rather hear it from a friend.
Know its a tough message to deliver, but we appreciate it.
I 3 Wasabi!
YUM...
RT : Looking for a great meal on west side of Metro MKE?
Try Wasabi Sushi Lounge
By the same token, are all the women that now getting tattoos closet lesbians?
Meant to re:running team before.
I'm unfortunately not the runner; lifetime knee problem, no running doctors orders.
Wish though!
I am published.
Too bad that doesn't get my papers graded.
I love that boy!
I miss you ladies!
:evil grin 8o is that so?
Now I want some girthy plantains
Heading to the robogames for pure robotic awesomeness!
don't hate hahaha
I've been getting dizzy when I stand up lately :
lol all the hoes outside of milwaukee be on dick all yall hoes GOING lol
Thanks for listening!
: RT : ya'll doctorpping those club beats,starting da'morning off right!!preciate it ;
sounds like my son..lol
Early voting for City of Milwaukee residents now through Fri, Mar 30th,MF, 8:304:30 pm
kinda miss those days on 2nd st.
Be the kind of person you want your childoctorn to be.
Pick up a free copy of Polyphony HS at the Story Studio Chicago booth in the Northwest Ballroom
naww but whatever you say.
I'm so pumped for 's new album!!!
I love Justin Bieber 3
True.
RT : If you are looking to build confidence with customers, don't have a voicemail box that is full.
Agreed!
I love corduroy and would wear it even more, but work prevents that most days.
To everybody who read my previous weight loss tweetsthey're not mine.
My account got hacked, and I'm working on fixing that.
Sorry!
Coming up: New music from singer Marianne Solivan  Marcus Printup.
Before midnight, Count Basie  Don Pullen.
JAZZ
Wtf.
Teach me bro?
..and how to get 'convenience' for the rich through slave labor.
Many CEO's will carry on in his stead.
Check out our girl on the big screen Feb 24 in Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd
it's ok cause I love you  lales:p Yeah:'
I already follow him but sure i will retweet it:
you rule brother!!!
Productive day.
Made a deadline.
Off to yoga.
Friday chill out
Ok yeah so just lose when I'm at the game.
Lol
Final community mtg for CouncilDistrictsMaps is happening now at East Lake Baptist Church.
City Council will vote at 3pm tmister.
: Sag/aftra we did it!
oneunion kewl, knew it was on horizon!
Hooray!
timing is everything
Greinke never seems to make things easy but grinds his way to solid outings.
Need him to wiggle out of 1 more jam here.
Get out of there!
Quick, before the cleaning people arrive.
You don't want to see their scornful looks.
I normally try to avoid accidents, but when I see you texting/doctorving I pray you'll give me a love tap so I can ball out on the insurance.
LMFAO.
LOVE your response to Bieber.
HA.
we're all the same people, we just handle things differently.
i got u to laugh today haha
has the only party trolley in Austin.
If you're at SXSW I definitely suggest you investigate.
And we hope you doctorams come true too !
You are dope !!
Lol cupcakes !!
:
Yeah, I know that's why everyone got mad, but still, at least they got to go.
I mean, there was only 200 tickets!
I'm so scared I'll wake up tomorrow and my favourite show will be history soon.
:.
At olive garden :
I think normal tix are 40 something plus tax idk
Next time I'm holding out for donuts AND pizza.
Native Instruments.
12 DVDs, which if you ever change or migrate to a new machine, have fun reinstalling.
Really thats just disrespectful to doctorss that way 4 occassion
My good friend Chris just gave me some great advice...
He is so right...
Gonna take that with me : thanks boo 3
it was ok.
The flowers were sirta dead tho :/
RT : RT if you have like 50 tshirts but you only wear 7 of them and complain that you have no clothes
Made a foreign pen pal on the X2 today.
A gentleman visiting from Germany, studying for his Phd in physics.
Of course we talked
those chocolate egg creams look good!
When girls think there really about that life....
like ShutTheFuckUp...
So wonderful to see Natalie Portman win.
Congrats!
exactly.
Cutting edge and all.
OH WAIT I DID THAT
Smart phones rule!
What if it was your kid?
What if he never went to the the police, or YOU, the parent?
What if it was your kid?
Ask yourself.
Oh.
My.
God.
He needs serious junk punching  kicking
Good Morning Beautiful People Out There!
:
It's like I woke up and decided to twit
your new iconperfection 3
Jumbo slice at midnight  hangover vaccine
cool face
Having green juice for dinner to assuage my guilt for eating almost a bag of Starburst sour jellybeans today.
Burgerville Shaker CD  a cure for Parkinson's Diseases in the future...buy one and help speed up the process of a cure!
All professort  CD
NBA  The Dallas Mavericks decided not to include Lamar Odom in their share of playoff money
congrats!
You should always strive to be the best at what you do and if he comments you must be the best worst js dev.
JK
is my Twitter Girl Friend
TSA guys are the best.
Still pissed my after shave and toothpaste was confiscated by a TSA guy who may have not graduated HS
: Music takes you away to a different dimension.
frees your mind and puts you on another level
Realize that I am really OLD BAD idea  especially for extended period as opposed to vacation house or something
I will give you the exact date on Monday.
How's my Molly Molls.
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are.
Kurt Cobain
You're looking for
Trimmed my own bangs today and they look OK.
In other news, I really shouldn't make a habit of doctornking while dinner is in the oven.
There must be a new Back to the Future movie in the works.
To much BTTF buzz in the news lately.
Bet it's Batman Beginsish, music and all.
I love him, he's a great actor  seems like a good person.
yeah, nice to look at :
haha anytime!
Did I miss anything in choir
Now it's Tebow time!!!!
Give it to Masch.
Forget Jagger, I've got moves like Jackson!!
Lmao!!!
Our next anniversary fundoctoriser is our 18th.
It's taking all the restraint we possess not to give it a barely legal theme.
Doesn't get much better than neyland
We're scoping out the competition this weekend at gtmw AND giving away something free.
Yes, already!
Stay tuned for details
yeahh just look threw the app store
Preparing to screen 's CATFISH for my English 2312 students this afternoon.
This movie gets weirder every time I watch it.
Is that how you spell it.????
lmao.
All things that are good and of value take time.
The real value of a real education.
has almost nothing to do with knowledge, and everything to do with simple awareness.
Wallace

Thank you for joining us!
is funny but my dm don't work when I'm talking to you :/ but I see your message.....
The Most Persistent Flirter On Facebook:
Follow Please shes cool and awesome
thise were definitely the good 'ol days!
u suck big donkey balls...lol....ha...for real?.....and its in new condtion too!....
It's all her she brings it out of me lol
Hi Ana, thank you for the follow and feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to this industry.
Urgently looking for a Google Maps expert for a couple hours of quick project consult.
Know anyone?
Is that you?
you are correct, it's very enthralling.
AskAlex why don't u answer ur home phone ?!?
q salute brother
Ever feel like your doctoram is so far away?
Good.
That should motivate you to do whatever you can to reach it.
Fallen captainve plays tonight at peabodys  9:30!
Be there!
whatsup with you?
If this was doctorg case, everything may well be answered rationally: Zman thought Martin was suspicious for doctorg purchasing, hot pursuit
river island etc?
and its easy!
3
It worked in the Glory years
hahaha that's awesome
I BOUGHT MY TICKET!!
33  aww i wish u follow me!
: Caught up on your x still I can get you part it!!
past ;
haha nice ; well we're related in spirit so it counts!
got me doughnuts and chocolate milk for my birthday breakfast.
It's gonna be a good day.
Join us for the Funding Reform Roundtable this WEDNESDAY at 7:30 in the Leavey Club Room!
And if you dont wanna see me again I would understand.

oh please do!
THAT I'd love to read!
Migraine BE GONE!
What a catch!!!
I like twhirl.
Its kinda basic, but the display is nice, organizes/color codes , DMs, etc.
And is linked to tweetpic.
who is here representing you?
I want to hear about the new brew!
LOL, how about some halfchewed bubble gum?
Juan B.
you have some great friends!!!
hth2012 up now.
8 yr old is enthralled watching 1957 madefortv black  white version of Cinderella w/Julie Andoctorws.
Gotta love ski week.
A lot of ratchet ass ugly hos are more high maintenance than Jennifer Aniston.
How do you live with yourselves?
As if you needed another reason.
RT : Champagne has only 83 calories per glass!
woo!
back tomoz den ;?
lyg is gidd how's life for u
I do love Baltimore, but just received call from Santa Fe, which reminded me that if NM weren't so far from an ocean, it's where I'd live.
Then go!
It's that easy, if you want to go, go!
Thanks Holly!
;
RT because their fans got the nerve to be talkn shyt.
No fan of a team who only won 7games shall speak
Happy Mother's Day babes
racks on racks racks
what's you top 3 favorite roman reloaded tracks?
check out you'd be a great addition!
I love going outside for Environmental science.
I was pretty surprised
You still Crazy lmao
Got a new name for ya !!
thanks!
It's true.
: RT : Excited to see perform in their recital on Friday .
Data Visualization meets Art History.
Maximilian Schich's talk Towards Understanding the Ecology of Art History today at 4
Someone please summarize this kony video.
I think your mom told me.
I will wrestle her skinny ass for him.
I'm in love.
Have you seen the video for run?
CousinThe real leader has no need to leadhe is content to point the way
when your winded and knees hurt from walking up 8 stairs your
I wanna get my tragus done son  :
Shout out to our friends from Gary Sinise during the cubs game!
RT : No.
In 1 day U sent 17 mssgs using my fllwrs 2 get me 2 fllw u  I have no intention to.
I am asking U 2 stop mssg me.
GO HEAT
my dad will like this news.
I can already here him say I hope Canelo kicks his ass
But the Massholes better be gone when we come back, or I just might have to introduce Titsy McGee to my helmeted avenger.
Hey Mickey.:
My how we love Friday's at TWD!!!
: Enjoy yourselves this weekend working divas!
I think I just stepped on a dead bird on the way to the strugglebus stop.
Of course.
Such copies strike me as completely unlike infringing copies of books or music or movies.
Of course I'm not a lawyer.
it's going well :.
Just makin new friends and bldg the community...
You?
Way too much Alicia in tonight's episode.
Still awful.
Got no sleep, woke up with a migraine.
Oh my god
Be cool this Summer!
And save some Cash too!
worldwide hippies
This bar and this cover band.
Tiff shut your have .
You annoying fuckers !
Shut the fuck up before i kick you in your damn throats
When my timeline is filled with teenagers ranting about politics 
Kat, thank you kindly for adding our story to your Say NO to Child Abuse online journal!
Wow.
Keri Ann Meslar is a complete bitch!
This is 1st time I've interacted with her  hopefully the last.
As LNS said, ugly inside  out.
they were like o idk.
and then reset my phone.
but it works now so it's all good.
haha your comments are so funny!!!
what are yoiu commenting about?
no  we didn't die  we're just on pause
Warren Bennis: Effective leaders put words to the formless longings and deeply felt needs of others.
thanks for the RT :
thanks Brady!
Have a great last couple days in Toronto!
Yes!
And I'm so happy to hear you are not permanently fiveyears old.
I'll doctorp you a line when back from Detroit.
Thank you again!
It's an interesting topic and something I'm passionate about.
I know it's a long haul from Canada to SD,CA but...
Wishing everyone a happy July 4th.
If you are traveling, be safe.
www.lindaswift.net
Why can't it be this nice everyday soexcitedforsummer 
That which he has not assumed he has not healed...
B.I.G.
SAID GET YOUR MONEY, AIN'T NO TELLIN THEY GON' LOVE ME.
Tax refund and girl scout cookies!
Best.
Tuesday.
Ever.
OMG seriously?
Lmfao!!
I can send them but I can't see them!
Right on!
If you get a chance, please help spread the word.

my heart aches, cus I will never see you again,,youre gone.
that's so true!
Kind of sad I can't retweet it hah oh well..
Thank you.
I was just leaving to jump on the 408.
I guess Colonial wins.
Monday!!
totally got me pumped for the rest of the week!
Strange yes...but I like it when I see vacation in my future!
Just knocked that VO audition out the park!
what plans for the future do you have??
Giveaways galore today including w/ tixs plus brand new music coming up from 
I'll doctornk the past away.
Follow friday, Love it!!!
I want Cake batter icecream :
Chillin' with great friends for a relaxing Sunday with guitars, singing, and food.
Life is good :
Get excited for Missed Connections Bingo with , and at !
i hate when ppl lead me on like why didnt u tell me u didnt like me to begin with it would have been less painfull now im all outta shape
Proverbs 11:14 Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.
The JFG program High School continues to focus on college placement
New girl tshirts in all colors also ladies we have those levi shorts so you can show off your legs this summer.
do you want leean chin
I love you
I cant promise to solve all you're problems, but I can promise you wont have to face them alone..
TeamFollowBack : it's early as fuck.
Time to gain followers.
I followback 
fashion show!!
uh oh!!
and i decided to switch to a more personal handle that was both funny and astronomy related ;
thanks for connecting on my personal twitter too Shawn!
Appreciate it!
I miss my favorite show Saved By The Bell
your professorle pics to sad  l wanna see real housewives of Sedona!!!
I hate it when you do that.
No problem, Bruno.
Looking forward to seeing your tweets :
wake up
Lolololol RT : Do I love you because you're beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you?
When your road's at an end You just hang on to hope anyway And that's where a new road begins.
Randy Stonehill
Playing at Rock Springs Church Wednesday night.
We are pumped!
Home bound...
Yay!
Can't wait to read :.
Guys remember when we didn't know EVERYTHING?
Wasn't that great?
the guard pointed out the mgr and said if you have a complaint this is the manager,
Cubs game with my girls
Winters here Jennifer.........
RT : 4.1 million youth ages 1624 were unemployed in July '11.
Help build awareness for youth jobs:...
Rapid response.
News orgs have had that Dick Clark obit sitting on the shelf for years.
She think I really care tho
It's hard to stay up so late!
I usually hit the wall around 6 pm :
Jonathan register
you fucking clown...
those elites are trash for the price, still riding that south beach wave from last year?
smh
Oh shit I'm finally famous.
Has anyone here ever bought a projector?
Can I ask you a ton of questions???
I am very cold here in the south and hungry for brownies and a quad tall americano from Starbucks!!!
NBA playoffs start today for the Chicago Bulls!
Letss go bulls :
If the thunder are the grizzlies don't win the western conference, I'm not watching the finals..
He's enjoying the fact that we're still in bed.
Laziest day ever!
:
I don't care what ANYONE says..
I am going to party and have fun
it's not even that hard.
: Thanks for your suggestion.
Any green in particular?
nice to hear, Welcome!!!
Where do you plan on going?
Commission public input hearing in Oakland.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
still thinking about you'll.
If you all need anything let us know
I ask women have they ever had sex with a pharaoh
courtney's surgency went great :D thank god,hanged out with gabe,watching movie with nykcole and angel :D e!
wooah!!!!
BUONGIORNO!
Official menus are here.
Pick yours up at 3959 30th Street 102 San Diego 92104
To get a preview, just read 's Twitter feed...
exactly!
And there you have the difference in being in the minority as oppose to sitting in a place of privilege
Great day coaching 2 diff Agile teams.
Amazing how so many teams have similar challenges
nice backtrack
RT SMOKE WEED TAKE A NAP  CONCEPT?
COMMAND?
CONUNdoctorM!
Clarify.
true true true
Annd you thought you were going to win :
Let's talk Music!
11 Days Until The Year Of FEAR!!
Begins!!!
Just unfollowed with extreme prejudice
We are doing the
Nothing annoys me more than having to take out my piercing 
oh werd.
Did you see when BBoys were on?
We got our Motorola Atrix smartphone shipment from ATT.
The devices are amazing.
They're definitely a few steps ahead of the iPhone.
Ziggy takes a sip of water from his doctornkwell flowing fountain  then decides toilet bowl water is better after all.
Cats!
It's crazy isn't it?
My fandom aside, it's one of the better stories in sports in quite sometime ...
You mean your tummy?
With love comes great understanding and patience.
How else would God understand us?
It's funny cuz i talk a hella lot in my head but can't put the shit down
you could use that app out on 81!
what's he doing?
What's up?
hahaha everyone thinks its true !x
good luck from myself and cryin packr fan and filmaker of cryin packer fan 11
Hug your mama today and tell her she's special
she's a stylist...
I wouldn't call the effortless :
OH at mobile coffee bar 'single malt coffee'...
that's how we do.
I think this every morning!
lol
Through the ups and downs I'm proud to be yours.
And to let you know, I love it when you call me your baby girl :
Back to work but can only use left hand.
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact 16  Caffeine blocks adenosine receptors which stop you from getting doctorwsy.
.
calling doesn't end when i walk out the door of my library
Sad to hear about having breast cancer.
Glad it was caught early.
She's resilient.
and it is a nice one ;
Today, I feel like I want to buy the house I grew up in.
RT : .
discussing barriers small businesses face in DC;
thanks for following me.:
In a couple of days I have to return this computer to the owner, my exboss.
Which textbook?
I could use a little more info on mumblecore.
Check out my latest project, Idodiary.com, the world's only couples social network.
There's already a great article about it on Yahoo News!
does Kay have something to give my neighbor to subtly imply my intentions for her college aged daughter?
Yes 10pm!
What else would ur biggest fan b doing ;
As far as I know, it only happens once a year Mick Sterling and the Stud Brothers at Bunkers Minneapolis Tonight!
Everybody Talks All This Basketball Sht But Were Out Doing This Foreal...
God I need you to keep me so I can do itKeemar Prayer.
Q2: I'd run a parade across the entire country,  then I'd ring every sponsor  season ticket holder to SELL, SELL, SELL
I want the job the girl with the doctorgon tattoo has.
Its free www.tdmwebacademy.com   we need everyone to help  Beta test  thx
Watching Michael Jackson's hair catch on fire.
Still scary even though it happened 20 yrs ago and he isn't even alive anymore.
Can't recall, that's why I'm saying you look familiar!
Any tips for using for airport pickups at Logan?
que la guerre commence
I think I chose wisely by attending Packers camp this am

ill catch all of it
yeyee I'd like that
Bout ta hit the bed wit ma 3
A complete financing statement and a.construction contract would have been needed
or maybe friday afternoon i dont have class that day!
whats the move son?
Happy Birthday First Lady Michelle Obama!
Hi Marisol, thank you I will, and I appreciate your willingness to help.
I'll look for you next time I'm in D.C.
ok ok I see yu!
Glad you like it!
We try to put up a cool DailyQuote every day that people will enjoy retweeting to their followers.
Dancing to Cody Simpson with the little childoctorn on the bus.
: Did you know there is such a thing as chocolate creme filled Twinkies?I just had deep fried bacon in WI, even better!
Attending the privacy session at
Hey, if you are that guy with 50 followers who feels obligated to lemme know you are unfollowing, just don't worry about it.
fuck up ain't the WORD...
But I COULD help u OUT wit THAT!
so what city u going to?
RT : Never let it come to blows...
Unless its a job.
We are getting close!
Still need some of the printed materials and volunteers organized.
:
fettuccine alfredo.
Gimme some.
Seattle CIO says gov mgrs fear loss of control, loss of reason for existence with disclosure of data.
How to change that?
This little kid is so annoying at this game.
Awesome!
So great to connect with you!
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana wide awake
just got approved for Mortgage WHoo Hoo!!
NEW POTENT DANK BARGAIN STRAINS IN: Strawberry Cough 35/8th; White Widow 30/8th; Grape Crush 30/8th!
Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com!
HAPPY 420
Loving the Timeline on our business page!!
can't wait to celebrate with you!!
Were gonna have a blast!
Right now, at this moment, making Arturo google Carol Bove and Echo Eggbrecht
hm so it appears my box of Raisin Bran Crunch has NO RAISINS!?
this really agitates me
For as many classes as adjuncts teach across highered, its amazing how little voice or choice we have!
Join us
lost is interesting tonight!
I liked finally seeing the statue
i'll be doing a live porno on pornhub tonight.
You can see me there ;

today it is supposed to friggin' awesome!
Walmart on Eastern and Serene YOU SUCK!
4 registers and lines forever...
I have frozen stuff
I need to think things through before speaking.
Lol!
the girl who you love is very lucky, but she don't realize.
I will later cuz im on my fone
is very underrated..sitting back listening to her duets mixtape..real vocalist with swag, and a southern likability!
My House.
Cage match: Old Spice Guy vs.
the Most Interesting Man in the World.
Who wins?
Lmao this nigga is on my boys jock.
Kinda gay brah..
thanks for the tips ladies!
Kuric's advice They have to stay humble.
Just because they have the same team back...can't take it for granted.
Should make a run though
: AND better/easier online accessibility of fulllength episodes!
RT : colormeblack be so good, you forgot their acting, but the history is real!
What is the point of having a huge dining room if The kitchen is a small space and does not have a dishwasher.
in La Paz at EDF sponsored bootcamp on fisheries catchshares in Baja  Gulf of California Mexico, using markets for
Im Just A Crook doctorpping Ashes On My Notebook
Picture me rollin'
plenty of unsavory types around there.
Sorry to hear about that.
Be careful around there :
just watched A Single Man and thought it was incredible!
Yeah, I can see that...
with those tiny little icons.
But the text would be unreadable to, so....
shy wen I watch bbw I think of you lol weird
I'd rather be a loser than a blonde......
JK!!!!
lol
so many insiders now!
F this straw!!
love you!
Hey!
It was great seeing you again tonight at our show!
The day Follows me :x oh god, ama die, :x
Social Fresh is amazing.
I'll have lots of good stuff to share with you guys on Thursday!
Circles, we're going in circles.
In STL for MCMLA.
Just learned about various technologies.
Yesterday was a PubMed refresher.
My librarian brain is being fed.
coffee in house!
lol
Let yourself be silently doctorwn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Rumi
hi Heather are you and friends?
Almost took the poodles for a walk a little while ago.
Glad I didn't because it's pouring rain  again.
People of Chicago...show your card at between 4/8  4/12 and receive a discount!
What is the most challenging Genealogy task on your list that you're avoiding?
Make this weekend the time to start  maybe finish it?
here's a story idea: get NYT for 99c/mo.
when NYT subscrip is up, call to cancel, get 99cent deal for 4 weeks.
Rinse, repeat.
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont the word 'Swag'.
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps!
Hope everyone has an awesome day!
It's so fitting that Toews got the OT goal.
He's the one who wants it most.
Ya'll should release Getaway Car as your next single!!
It's amazing!!
sounds pretty chill!
and ah not really, just confusing haha.
you should totes download our cd!
its free
JH: We look at particular properties that allow us to give a unique exp.
outside of the ticket window
I'm feeling better about the thunder against lakers....no answer 4 Westbrook
The Methodist monthly newspaper WorldWide Missions had an ongoing anticoffee article around 1900.
thx!!
Nice to see cereal and serial used in your bio:
Let the Ripe One In
Happy Friday!
Oh wait I saw that lyric thing hahaha
Slow down and enjoy what you've got now
kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum  Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 11 2:30p: A great way to end your childs day!...
Wine is god's gift to man.
Doing a little tour de finger lakes wineries!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 2
Hey you, muah!
We are all special , have a reason to be here and those that know as well as are doing it are blessed, others believe in the greatness of u
Back to Italia.
Love my time here though.
Germanyisbeautiful 3
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.
Ansel Adams
TRUTH!!!
LMAO!!!
: Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy!
But here's a condom, so fuck me safely.
NYC we on that grind.
Went Vlogging this week, check it out, it's the first of many!
I like you .OKAY....i know it's stupid and i know you don't care
Pretty much everyone from the biz side is in Colorado for Communikey : So that may explain the lack of attendance.
Never bite the hand that feeds you
Dont leave, but if need a new place we can help!
RT Are you thinking of moving away from the noise?
I didn't know there was music on that page and almost came out of my skin!
OO
I say you da Best..
while I'm looking in the mirror
LA people!
Come see me at the Roxy tonight at 10 PM!
5 at the door.
xoxox
LOL!
Oh , I thought you were listening to the radio :o haha
Love it bro!
Did I hear that you are in South Africa?...
RT : how you liking fatherhood bro??
Just like I trust movies by director, I trust teams by upper mgmt.
That's not bulletproof logic, but Baalke/Harbaugh not dumb
well ashley purdy is sexy to just in a different way.
32BJ union president Richezza criticizes lack of conversation in past.
Nunery to Ricchezza: 'this is a new day'.
Not a boring morning.
On one bus ride there were three fights
It's Superbowl Sunday!!
What are you thankfulfor about sports?
yeah buddy!
The world its falling apart.
Floods, tsunamis, earthquakes, war, economic disasters, diseases; all a sign from the universe.
Trainer told me to eat my cereal with water?
Da hell?
I will eat doctor cereal before that ishhh
just bought your book on iTunes.
Bitch you wasn't wit me shooting in the gym!
I think fell asleep
Gatewood was a gentleman and true Kentucky icon.
I'm sad to hear of his passing.
Ok twits...
thanks for following me!:
It's cool when verified accounts that I don't follow or tweet follow me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!3
Tina you fat lard come get some dinner!
The only apperent reason for the switch seems to be the storage underestimation.
I must note that this is really apperent with Vivotek cams!
Oh No!
This means Peyton Manning will have even more time to make commercials!
You rock Cesar m/
I've heard it's good.
Ivy Johnson, senior  Lincoln Park, shares with kids in Zimbabwe that she's the 1st in her family to go to college
Wait, Didnt Addie get run over and die?
And what was on that ultrasound at the ER???
Time for some weekend shopping?
Shop at a local independent business.
Make a Difference.
i though i was goin 2 envy i mite nt
Well, that's a point at least.
Let's win it in OT!
Thanks.
The Hillis stuff this year made me nervous/sad.
I just talked to him for 20 mins, but no one deserves what I fear awaits him.
RT can you get rcc tickets at the door.
of course.
There are 13,000 seats in the arena
One of the richest man in America, Andoctorw Carnegie is allergic to money
I can tell u been practicing.
yes!
Hope I see you more this summer!
Do Not Be Afraid  Happy Easter All.
808Pride if him doesnt make u happy dont stay with him cause ur just getting more connected to him
i love tardy for the party lol thats like the worst song
The world of the internet knows better than that Ben.
Sucks seeing the updates on twitter  being 20 minutes behind the VMA awards!
Should have got off work early!
E!
Live agrees with me: Tina Fey can do no wrong!
I live in a mad house!
: Its so awkward when a guy comes into the bathroom and chooses the urinal right next to the sink Im taking a dump in.
Right
weeps quietly
Hello to everyone, we hope you're having a great morning!!!
Oh this life I live, ain't the life for a woman, atleast that's what they say!
S/O on Instagram?
No way...
I earn my followers with my pictures.
no I havent
lol so many directionators in the school, like i cant even.
they make me wanna smack my head against the wall!
Jolly Ranchers are the best candy.
So everyone make sure you give your mom a hug and kiss!
And also tell her that you live her so much and wouldn't trade her for anything.
Don't believe in shooting stars but she believes in shoes and cars wood floors in the new apartment
where's the afterparty?
You owe me a miller high life!
haha
aw it's totally fine :
IKR.
U always speak the truth.
She needa leave dan alone .
Let's try to save two birds with one stone on this one.
PETA staff meeting
Ok fine I'm getting instagram.
Watch the 11 o'clock news tonight.
I'm producing, and can I just say...
all killer, no filler?
Not that there's ever filler...
thats a great way to look at it
thanks for the kind words and the follow!
I'm getting tons of robo  telemarketing calls from local cell phone numbers.
WTF?
Slinking down Rodeo doctor ...
Sales people in shops look desperate.
Wonder if I do too?
Omf Clarkson and his beard.
Ladyfriends: anyone know a nail polish brand with colors as awesome as American Apparel  Urban Outfitters, but better quality?
having fun
Oh, I'm so glad your little guy is doing better.
Nothing like being able to bring your baby back home and be comfortable.
rosie you make me laugh so hard!
your a great addition to rhonj i love your out going bubbly personality!
RT?3
Watching this OhioUNC game in a pub in Lexington, Ky., and I'm wearing red.
Already got called out as an IU fan.
Go Wolfpack.
If I need to hold an Operation Orange shirt for you for tonight, please let me know what size.
I am thankful for another day to live life to the fullest and coffee!
I love my fresh brewed morning coffee.
What are u thankful for today?
All finished with Army Basic Combat Training and ready for AIT to start Tuesday.
Advanced Individual Training in Field Artillery.
I'm obviously going to livetweet this whole ceremony with a series of obvious statements.
Bring it on, graduation.
eating vegetarian
The avengers was an amazing movie!!!!!!
FYI: The title Baby Mama is not equal to or greater than the role of the WIFE!
VINCENT!
computer triangle face  : just wanted to share :D
salty?
If you worked for the bee for 8 months, they said you would get paid and never paid you.
Im sure u 2 would be
Wise men talk because they have something to say but fools talk because they have to say something
I'm really enjoying monk!
D3 :x
Just put lots of newspaper down and let them go free, dude.
They'll grow out of it.
Probably.
waiting for ARod to reach 600, the pressure is on!
'Detox' would've already been out at that rate.
Liking the sample of Cassius' 'Why I Love You' in last song.
Missing out on bonus tracks.
I would eat that cookie for sure!
To all the mothers out there including my amazing wife who does an incredible job with our kids,Happy Mother's Day.
You deserve it.
I'm hungry.
I have to poop.
i love my friends
Some friends are awesome to fart around, others ...don't bother.
Done with the gym now enjoying the spring weather
follow me back
3 keys to a successful brand: It's unique.
Makes a Promise.
Delivers Value.
Been out all morning!
Just got home and staying in for the night lol ...
don't sass me!
My baby crawled for the first time today!!
Stocking up on carbs in preperation for your next match doesn't mean cramming a family size bag of CHEETOS in your mouth the night before.
I also remember When I made it extremely obvious when I was checking someone out.
not.
My bf has such a big ass...too big.
Enjoy the rodeo!
What a game by Braun!!!
holy crap.
all those people watching and he didn't even care hahaha.
Almost got hit by a car today ....
Right?
Well the memories will live on.
Rampage finally gets on the board in the second half, cut lead to 169.
Welcome to Twitter.
I've got four episodes left of my first viewing of The Shield, and I love the Dutch/Billings dynamic in S7.
a billion seconds ago, it was 1959..a billion minutes ago, jesus was alive.
a billion dollars ago, was 20 minutes in washington
Great move by Tavares to set up a scoring chance.
He is now good for at least one wow moment a game.
: aren't You scared of the dog?
no I'm too doctornk to be scared firsteverconversation.
: bahahah
Tomorrow is the HIV Prevention Planning Committee meeting.
Please come and wear red in solidarity with the Women's Collaborative on HIV/AIDS
what does that have to do with anything?
:

Dont play with a Scorpio's love or you will get hurt.
AWWW : she's so pretty!
:D
bro u dumb lol
Apple reports 39.2 billion in sales, nearly 60 increase from last year.
Earnings nearly double to 11.6 billion.
Quote of the day: Don't compromise yourself.
You're all you've got.
Janis Joplin
LIBRARIAN ATTACK
The awkward moment when everyone is tweeting your boyfriend :P
I don't think it's because of where I live, but because I don't do anything but get puked and peed on these days newMom :
you're just as pretty :
Those knowing me assert, utterly, my affinity for music; w/ I'm still enthralled RE bio itself: survival, craft, catharsis!
;
would be cool to play with recycling, city tree, vacant lot, CTA station boarding data!
I think DoEnv and CTA have it...
Can't believe you remember my beer collection!
Sadly, this bottle went to recycling.
Direct someone to shoot you doing some fistbumping with someone.
'Straight on' then 'on top  below'.
Good work!
watch EVERYBODY be on the giants dick jus like they all jumped on the heat dick....what has the world come too
Brusly's Bayou Bistro was a great choice!
Good food and good service.
Maybe Brown's should open on Mondays, too...: 
with on this beautiful sxsw day!
you guys are awesome!
Shot scene in morning w/Lisa Jo Keefer.
Checked out SAGe details for webisode I'm shooting Sat.
4 agent night workshopgreat feedback!
DON'T YOU BLASPHEME IN HERE
Hey , what are you thirsty for tonight?
Now my name is MCA.
I got a license to kill.
I think you know what time it is.
It's time to get ill.
very impressive start to his career.
Great addition to Rangers staff working under Mike and Greg Maddux.
i wanted to hear him sing xD
ff valuable insights
Two Bobby's in my neighborhood.
The Queen would be pleased.
I DM'D YOU THE HOMEWORK!!!
MVF is the one show that my whole family gets together and watches regularly.
You rock AR!
just finished submitting my homework finna head home and get some good black food
yeah lets hope i finish strong!
Class just ended on how the internets work with professorssor and it was awesome!
No mention of Al Gore.
What?
You like baseball and musicals?
lol
Oh wow that is so awesome!!
I want to come to Carnival!Yes I am from Orlando, FL USA!
Tip 76: Know yourself.
If you are most comfortable and compatible with a certain type of play then stick with it and become the best at it.
I never would have thought moroon 5 and wiz would have a song together
just still upset haha
Can't wait to go to FreeTulsa!
July 29th and 30th!
FWIW, TV will probably show mostly Orange fans here, but there's plenty of Badgers fans on the bottom sideline side, right behind us.
thank you for this blog post!
look forward to working with you lovelies!
Is moving for the third time in less than a year...
it's been fun.
I think I'll stick with this one for awhile.

even if we fight it, life has a way of making sure...
I love God so much...
its like when I'm so undeserving he gives out more..
On June 11, communities all over the US will suspend the populationcontrol killing of healthy animals for just one day.
Spread the word!
Amped and Ready....let's get this shit started!
Already been Rollin, KING, since 6....come join the party!
Lol
RT : what we remember defines us...what are you remembering?
Wuddup i remember last year i performed at the dub last year tryna win 1 of ya beats and alladat dat nite was crazy
Just stepped back in time and did a quick SSI shtml page.
Hello 1996.
How have you been?
Walkn thru Walmart thinkn that I need to have or fix me fruit salad for this diet I'm tryin to start lol!!
I love that idea!
figuring out my birthday plans
MTV awards tonight !!!!!
Make sure u watch it and before you do go on facebook and like us please : 
Watched basketball wives n I definitely respect Tammy's gangster.
Moms need to show the same love they give there sons to there daughters.
When a girl says whatever, she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark,and then eaten by it.
we stack our dominoes to keep the board manageable when playing chickenfoot!
your my inspiration and you would make me the happiest girl in the world of you followed me!
RT : cutting out of work early to watch my ..
havent missed a game in 5 years and i wont start now
for small childoctorn, retards and deuceing?
im already followed you.
nigga u been workin yo ass off lately!
We gota click up bro
Cool Runnings trending just made me so happy.....
Sanka, ya dead?
...
Yaa Mahhnn
RT if your on your phone 
Saved a little yorkie!
Knocking has its perks!
RT GetEddyForThis iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all the chinese people in topeka who have made me money this past week haha
Engines fired!
I haven't doctornk once this whole month.
who is that man?
some material presented at the legal issues panel at SMX Israel is not accurate.
Takin a piss in the nearest corner you can find!
Idc im a city boy
I left out the part about me showing up to the test with puke on Sarah Reichard's fleece from the night before :/
you should join my gym!
Thanks Paige!
Had a busy day but I guess it will all keep til tomorrow.
Hope you are well!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.
Dale Carnegie
Ayye I'm bout to graduate soon bout to get this job and get this other car Ayyyeee can u say 30's
Hate when my Dominican barber texts me, Are you come today?
...
Hourly work dilemma: feeling sick, but don't want to forfeit a day's pay!
Continued prayer for Bobby Kristina...
We love you girl!
maybe I can be in the Behavior Analysis Unit though
Rick Perry: I hope I'm the timtebow of the Iowa Caucuses...at least he could remember Tim Tebow's name?
Good time at Nobu last night....Now work time!!!
The new EP rules.
Congrats on being the top purevolume artist, sir!
Leaving soon for the last shoot day of 'Blue Moon'
Hit my snooze button 6 times today and now I'm late fuck !
RT : RMEI including and will be spending the weekend roaming the VIP area :  We'll be in touch!
thanks but i know im not/
That's some gospel shit right there, Bro.
You preach wisdom.
I was a little girl in the 1970s.
I will forever associate Donna Summer w/learning to roller skate,  I'm grateful.
Your welcome.
Nice meeting you.
Perhaps it is to keep them in.
u never miss a good thing til its gone but can u miss it if u never had it
When the fuck are all of my NewarkAcademy friends coming home for the summer I miss them
Marching today in Dallas against immigration bill
Ha.
Yeah, pretty impressive.
I had a hard enough time with proper instruments.
Def.
couldn't do it with makeshift ones!
I hope so.
He  Burton ruined DARK SHADOWS ...
hope he won't ruin another tv classic!!
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Denis Waitley
Thank you!
That's wonderful.
Would love to hear your secrets.
Never apologize for what you feel.
It's like saying sorry for being real.
checking out the Dallas restaturants.
WTF is with all the places that are closed on Sun  Mon?
I'm just a prom night dumpster baby
Should I get this black beamer?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music!
Is that you?
Original?
RT You have kept me waiting  too long  it's almost midnight.
The servants are asleep!
In Ottawa now at the Liberal National Biennial with more than 3000 registered delegates.
Wise decision, no one gets their feathers ruffled, but for the time being we'll just imagine you wearing green and gold...
Beautiful blonde, I want to marry your friend.
Oh college
While nicely digitizing everything.
you are creepin 
Thanks for the Tweet Sue!
Hope that you enjoy.
Wow  I'm jealous!!!
The TeaParty Right Wingers woke me up and made me an Atheist.
Thanks guys for sharing Jeff's blog!
Glad you liked it and hopefully it will help your followers : Have a great week!
Catracha, how do you tweet much, been about 6 months and can't even get to 1000 tweets yet ..
Lol
We got 420 facebook fans now!
Where my pot smokers at?
looking good guys!
And exactly who would pay for any of these RD pathways or launch costs that far outweigh any investment made?
I once ran a dudes pockets in my own living room
TYVM for the shoutouts!
: Catching up on  mentions  DMs!
: :
YouwereCuteUntil you started talking.
Ok, makes sense.
Shhhhh......my boss will hear :
Creature report, creature report, CREATURE REPORT!
I am about to go shopping with my mother and sister.
Broncos coming back from 038 will be biggest in team history.
In Chicago, da is a proper definite article and the only things on the menu ever are different types of gyros or pizzas.
ijs.........
gotta call it something else.
Pimp All Daii I Even Pimp In Ma Sleep ReAlMiKeMiLLz
My momma loved her presents!
orchids, perfume and a mother's ring.
:
don't listen to Kayla, on some hey, Lor you need to be on BGC
saw the trailer for season 2 of teen wolf!!
Looks soo good!
:D
Long, tiring bus  train trip home with kids in bitter Denver cold.
Enjoying a warm evening together at home.
It is not once nor twice but times without number that the same ideas make their appearance in the world.
Aristotle
Sabotage  Wale : Lloyd
dad chanting to dog: you my girl, you my girl, you my girl cause you name's pearl!
our dog's name is maggie.
perfect picture of larry.
RT  We are all old enough to make our own decisions
important note there is the geolocation isn't necessarily checkin, it's more like shopkick, aroundme.
etc.
broskiii!
What's your cheesiest pick up line?!
about 1:30 work for you?
Trucker picture request lines now open.
Trucker picture scavinger hunt now open.
Top  for lot lizards.
how did you find out?
Shoot I can keep up with anything or anybody SMH RT : I can keep up can you keep up with how I do
Nine!!!
WHEW HOO!
I absolutely LOVE the series!
Can't wait, and congrats to you for creating such an awesome series.
Be amusing: never tell unkind stories; above all, never tell long ones.
Benjamin Disraeli
Thank you :
Truth!
RT : Sometimes you want to crawl into a hole...and sometimes you want to bury the other guy in one.
if only you knew.
I spent midnight firing 3 full clips of ammo into the air on Modern Warfare 3.
whats up guys!
April's Prize:Ball  Chain DVD Rewarded 4 unlocking the 1 Last Monthbadge for all members of Big Brother  The Holding Company's Fanzy
I put my soul into every step my soles take till I cross this whole state, treatin the globe like a broke bank
Am watching Eric Whitacre and Morten Lauridsen live at Carnegie Hall tonight.
And scored 20 tix too!
Life is awesome!
Am I the only one who stops wanting to support their favorite artists when they find out they are 10s on the bitch scale?
maybe that's like a time limit?
idk last time I took it was like 2 years ago, but then I only remember it being like 2 hours.
Could you please tweet me a Happy birthday?
:D it would really make my day 
So clutch way to come back and win Varsity.
S/o to and others I missed
did u have anything else in the works like movies or anything
WOW.
Love Facebook buying Instagram for a cool 1B.
Filters for everyone
what'd you have at Smashburger?
Love that place!
Saw someone playing 12 who owes me 200.
Get 50 of it off him then he asks if he can borrow back after running bad
he suck, all he should do is be da face and good look of da wwe, champion hell no dollar sign yes, he poopy
She just saved 600 on her stuff...
what was Fetish Weekend like?
I had a fab time and met so many cute guys who didn't speak a word of English!
;
wow ....i was born in milan :

Visions or chill ....?
Hard decision ...I.ain't been out n a while
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend!
What are you this year?
So many fanboys!
I love it!
sup bitch ?!?
Great White Buffalo
There is a potential that there will 4 teams from Ohio and 5 teams from the Big Ten in the sweet16.
Go
wanna please follow me?: youu seem like a cool person
Try our new spelt flake chocolate chunk cookies this weekend.
Similar to oatmeal rolled oats, but spelt.
Going to bed at 11..
Don't remember last time this happened 
Why Is it hard to say Thank you  when someone actually gives you a compliment  people start to explain why they don't deserve it !
Bet if he found a girl like me or better then me .
He would choose her .
O well .
You turnt gay because you didnt think a girl would break your heart but she did
I swear people are bipolar with their tweets.
Smiley face here, frown there.
Bitch you can't just throw those in there!
mom came thru with that chipotle...
didnt even have to ask her to get it.
is it a rainbow because it's a hat, or is it a hat because it's a rainbow?
That's what we need you for!
Dear Christmas , Could you get here already ?
Love , anxious awaiting Alexis .
says won't see hybrid doctorves in the enterprise storage
Order sent to Stephanie in CA!
Thank you so much for the nomination !
Haven't been writing lately, but I will start again!
Returned the favor, though 
u koww u want me I know u want me they know u want me so just admite u want me geeze lol
I will In a sec.
Please follow my friend on.fb.me/kus0IF he will send you some votes.
Winspincic with client excitedly await best of the year awards for products and projects.
Cindy Allen greeting guests now.
There is something seriously wrong with Youkilis
And, if you really want to track this down, you can always check out, yourself or by email query, some copies listed on ESTC...
Seriously considering selling my car....and my heart just broke saying that.
Love!
: was fascinated to find history of Charlie Brown Christmas  that Linus crashed into a Coke sign in original!
Bout to eat some raisin bran...
Jessica Biel could have picked a better doctorss.
Must be saving good decisions for the wedding.
frankie edgar ftw.
love you Sarah :
I never realized how prevalent jokes about suicide were in this society.
We r in PreProduction of a Compton Based Hood Movie currently seeking Financiers/INVESTORS.
asking for forgiveness instead of permission does not work in a UNIX environment.
Headed to Indy today...who's gonna be there?
Well My Other Dude Play 2 Nite Blake Griffin And da Clippers Game 2 Vs Grizzles Lets Get IT Blake
RT : Sustainable development is the only development that makes sense  Pres.
Clinton
Did some bulk cooking today.
Fridge is now full of healthy food.
Now if I could only crave carrots like I do potato chips I'd be set.
its difficult here at the center of your universe.
We're at 1700 on our kickstarter campaign!!
Don't forget to get in there for some prizes while time is left!
dollar store apricot scrub smells just like gain laundoctor detergent  it kinda burns.
i love the smell of gain, just not on my face.
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman.
Call now to make a reservation for 10 or more for only 15 per passenger!
The Institute is performing tonight at 11pm in SOGO.
You better be there!
Si.
I belong to deh whale.
Great day for a kick Roosevelt Park with the crew
OMG i just feel so humiliated by what i said omg i take it bacj all the way :
well don't text with them on for sure!
Hey!
I miss my best friend :
dumbassmomentoftheday..Just paid 3.89 per gallon at one gas station..right up the street 3.77 Balls!!!
do you miss playin in front of the rg crowd?
I wanted to fuckin goo c silent house but damn i cant lol
i actually laughed out loud when i mentally compared him to mike garrett
you are welcome!
Sorry I couldn't provide live updates!
Cell Coverage was weak
great meeting u in person today!
Thnks for taking time to introduce yourself.hope you and Ken had a great hike!
best....
Ahh...45 minutes of down time.
: Reading a book and got some music in my ears.
3
Just downloaded the Midnight in Paris soundtrack !
This is unbelievable.
Don't trust what workout machines say when it comes to calories burned.
They are often off the mark
I'm in need of a doctorpal developer, so if you or someone you love has the skills, email me at
Starting a small press in Pittsburgh.
I can't wait.
Hope you join me!
Well shit.
Free tix to see tonight !?
Let your folks know about the show and tag 1st to do so wins.
Singer Songwriter Series showcase tonight  8pm.
Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA.
21, 6 cover.
haha that is awesome!!
My friend Hannah is up there this week visiting her family!
what are you doing up there?
I doubt it's ever been done before but we're gonna giv'r
Don't have that privilege anymore myself.
The herbalicious angle kind of ran its course for me a while back.
Got some beer, tho.
After a very exhausting and emotional weekend, I am SO happy to be back at work.
I don't get it about the NBA ....
U play basketball...
The end
: Oh so you go tanning?
I know Oompa Loompa's prettier than you.
hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
I know but I got my twilight!
RT : Check out this week on mediachat.
The fun starts at 10pm EST Thursday night!
See you there!
Its started with our Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and it continues...Our first 4G phone is in and ready to go....Annoucing The Samsung Aviator!
TEDEd is really cool, isn't it ?
Played around with it earlier today.
LOVE it!
Let's go we can beat these dudes!
New Orleans won the Super Bowl.
The Who lost.
RT ; if your addicted too Facebook  Twitterr ?
;
REI says 500 miles, so they're probably very close.
No obvious wear, yet, though.
Might try relacing them and see if that helps.
happy birthday Alex!!!
true lol that's the story of my log
If you want to start applying let us know!
We have a ton of them available on our website.
my little princess 3
If Jesus was darker, we probably could have had chocolate wafers for communion.
bowie is amazing, well I was listening to rhcp I'm just watching tv now c:
Skin looked sallow, so I mixed Embryolisse lotion, MAC strobe cream, and Armani primer together for a luminous base.
happiest moment of the day  seeing series 3  4 of Jersey Shore have been added to on demand.
these hoes ain't got no manners
I can't get enough of rhoa.
Someone get her own show
Just took my friends to prayer and it was awesome.
Praying, laying hands, speaking in tongues.
Was great
We are closed tomorrow for Easter, so come in today and get some books and goodies for your Easter baskets!
Dalinda is only 3 years old but if you see her she acts like shes 5!
I have a handful 
KatharineMcphee you are a star!
So glad I coached you when u were a schoolgirl in pleats
lol I'm good lil ma' i b meaning to hit u up..
Now following back
As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now!
So let's go, follow me now
All you have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to you.
J.
R.
R.
Tolkien
How many of you like brownies?
RT : Design for small screen, low bandwidth first.
Bored.
Text
Bout to go to Holden Park with the family
; always keep a smile even when your day is going bad
I hate not being able to text you whenever I want.
Saw a RT by re: London job.
Then saw you're an Ohio gal.
:
any guy that wears RVCA is automatically attractive.
If Mejia can pitch the 10th inning, why must Ike Davis remain at TripleA?
lol thanks sweetie :D
well I had no experience And now I make min after thirty days I get a raise and again after 90
love this idea, gobble, gobble
what do u mean?
Lol.
But followed
Getting a sponsor is as tough as getting an audience.
For some reason the former expects that latter.
only if you play a role in the tv series.
Hahah
All Of The Lights :
GA; whichh iss above miami which is closer than.texas lol wbu?
One year til 2012!
Make every day count before the meeelllttdoooowwwn
There's also a game that creates empathy for mental health issues by forcing you NOT to play
new picture of our award winning Positive Directions Through Dance program!!!
check it out  dance
So jealous.
50 and rainy here.
We look forward to your 4hand piano concert.
Taco Tuesday!
Can't wait to catch up with people :
Im a fucking Colombian doctorg mule nigga!
Happy Presidents Day!
Thanks, Kimberly!
She is a fast growing peanut.
HAPPY DAYAFTER YOUR BIRTHDAY !: you're my best friend and i wouldn't trade that for anything.
Love you like a sister :D
Imiss my babe :
i could explain to you what jerry means, but man, it's too long.
;
Jack Ricchuito: you can move quicker to action when you don't need consenus!
Who cancels Thanksgiving?
Most people I meetRepublicans, Democrats, and especially Libertarians all agree: Lamar Smith needs to go.
Cupcakes available this weekend: Refreshing key lime cream cheese  fresh strawberry buttermilk.
I already who has the 1st order.
;
Finally unpacked my stuff and cleaned up my apartment...
now to get cracking on some other errands
What music video should I watch next?
you could've pretended to sip it and not say anything about it.
you looked easily influenced by the situation.
I hope it helps them.
I know it may seem conservative, but it doesn't preclude a brilliant career in DH, and things may change.
Life is agreeable.
Death is peaceful.
It's the cross over which is worrisome.
Haha who said I'm gonna marry him?
Lmao I would though ;
I miss you!!!
S bren
Excited for tomorrow gonna ask me crush to the dance since my old girl was weird as fuck!
You'll need a purse for a phone of that size
thanks for the RT!
I know!
that shit was funny as hell, this land is your land.
I've watched twenty times now
BOTH CREWS ARE SAFE.
even satan can quote scripture
Well let me know, I'll come to the show!
Will the battle be televised?
I knew when you held my hand, that it was now or never.
Those were the best days of my life.
I feel your pain Kim, I ate 8 egg whites and mixed veggies for dinner...down 4 pounds since I saw you last week
question: Are you and Kurt ever going to make a new Movie together?, I think everyone would love it, I for the start!
Love You!
These are not your Step Sisters Clippers.
Possibly, your brothers.
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Those things happen when you play the worst team in football.
You can tell me anything.....
Absolutely!!
RT : q2 but we can learn to do better, eh?
Yes, I agree RT Higher oil prices plus lower battery cost  more electric vehicles Seth Fletcher
I adore J.S.s transformation over the years especially how shes become a selfempowered woman!
Kudos Gorgeous!
I couldn't leave the house last weekend when Last Crusade came on.
And then I was all I came to see the TAPESTRIES
Editing small town papers has totally ruined me for oneroom schoolhouse stories.
They just don't pack any punch after the 400th one.
Your my bestfriend your gonna say that.
i g2g tweet you later!!3 love you cunt
where u at
Hey!
It was so nice to meet you!
: Let's stay in touch.
Are you attending any parties tonight?
weird haha I always get random follows too and I don't even post that much
you're too funny, thats off limits, you can't talk about Larry's junk ;
Semester over and accelerated summer semesters start Monday..working hard to get this MBA and it ends in August
Be the change you want to see in the world.
oh jeez what did u do this time?
o.O
Hopin sleep with fix things .
If not then sooth the pain .
.
.
3 New TimeSaving Technologies
tell your master to send me better trolls.
Trying to catch up on following people back.
I've been really busy and so I've been slacking when it comes to Twitter :
Karla Powell with one out single but left stranded in UW second inning.
After 2 innings, Michigan 3, Wisconsin 0.
Tryna use a rubber tonight
On a scale from 110 a girl with a nasty mouth equals a 1.
I am following u
We have a seat open.
Come on over.
oh gosh.
That was a pointless match!!
Haha humiliating.
In the bed.
This song is not helping the mood right now  np Bridge Over Troubled Water / Chris Mann.
Come get a Good Luck charm.
13 piercings for Friday the 13th.
many shmokey adventures when I return plzzzz
If only u were in the Dallas area
I'm like the worst runner alive.
Not even kidding.
love yu too baby
Why would Bo restrict Uthoff from the ACC?
Everyone, follow these instructions; 1Get on Facebook 2Search the page Elle Jackson 3Like it Thanks:
so if you have a baby that day on a race day will kevin harvick leave and someone will doctorve his car?
follow back?
OH OH OH REMEMBER i always used songs to tell u how muc i loved love you haha :
It's amazing.
You will enjoy the wildlife.
Thank you!!
I'm super excited :
I feel like we are going to be Hurdled this inning...
hahaha!
Well, the cute ones and not so cute ones can be tools.
Lol!
Seeing all of the Most improved and such awards being given out in the NBA, I want a Biggest Fall From Grace Award.
Dwight Howard wins.
?
I mean..
Devils are playing Rangers.
And you got PHX vs.
LA...
I don't understand the question.
:/
Sometimes speaking is an important thing to do.
Nothing like a boot to the head when a stranger calls you out.
recorded my first song for The Transition album called Grindin'...it's the truth...to God be the glory!!!...thankyouJesus
my crontab scheduling is now aligned with the reproductive cycle of the cicada.
congrats!
I'm so happy for you!!!!
that Sir sounds like a challenge
my hair is getting nappy : lol

Your partner should not complete you.
That's your job.
Your partner should bring out the best in you..
You're in control of my heart
why do you keep doing that?
Not a good day 4 my adhd son,FCAT writing test next Tuesday.
I know he is not ready n his having mayor meltdown.
Getting my nailz did
If you're in Chicago, STOP whatever you're doing and get outside for a little bit.
Lovely weather!
Happy Birthday Sweetie Enjoy Your Day!!
Wow, I just found a Guiness Book of World Records of 1975 in my bedoctorom.
C.A.P.
is the name!
Cali's Adoctorit Prospect.
Up and Coming RB Producer!
Not being able to control you're laughter while being yelled at by a teacher.
Im not understanding Kubiak now!
RT : They actually believe in Jacoby Jones,,,, man am I missing something in reality
That is really good of you
The Real 1 Rowdy fan here...
I'm that guy that's cheering on the Superstretch when you go up front.
Yeah....that guy!
Seattle show me your longboard ers!!!
Cat fight in the garden.
Blood on the lettuce.
Stumbled upon Gregory Porter, his singing is phenomenal!
Click away www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
VASS HAPPENING!!!
:P
Tim Clarke is boss.
Interviews are end of May for CRCS position
I hate grocery shopping when I'm already hungry!
I believe Netflix has some of the better series from Classic Who on streaming, or at least they did
Ha!
Too

We can't wait to have in Madison you for the book signing on Saturday from 101!
FreshStartMonday has arrived....let's do it!
Weird day...
NBD/3
American Reunion best Comedy since Brides Maid.
You know my name, not my story.
More dip and more college baseball.
In the quivering forest where the shivering dog rests, our good grandfather built a wooden nest
: the Raine is back!
Cloudy skies?
Nah maybe night ....
SMH!!!
thanks for the follow Tony!
share the wealth
Oh, trust me, I have a mouth you wouldn't believe.
And, I use it, often, especially on stage.
I got resources.
Ah!
Taking the Browns to the Super Bowl.
Very good, sir.
I just need something new
I know, it validated everything I hope to inspire by participating in
lol, u said that like your mornings be turned up
What did you do for spring break???
strange but good!
The shirt looks cool!
Was initially distracted by captainin Cane's ferocity.
That hurricane looks CUNNING.
you're like 4,little doit destiny!!
Is it an artisan donut?
will do!
I think he's coming into town Saturday
LOL, Artun!!!!
Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving!
Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter?
Er.
:
Their silence is sufficient praise.
shut up bitch get to work.
BtoBSocialMedia: Brand Image: You Are What Your Followers Say You Are.
The only thing I've eaten today is liquor infused pastry cream
prayer works trust me i know!
Shame on Alabama for passing legislation that will bar undocumented students from enrolling in public colleges and universities.
whose your pick to win the green jacket this weekend?
Watching the lightning show over Fort Worth while doctorving to the Stock Yards.
It's my last night in Texas.
:
When I'm with you I'll make every second count 'cause I miss you
Dat AGucci
TK FOOTBALL PICK'EM CONTEST.
Who are you picking this week?
Moments of the game thusfar: 1.
orange girl who caught Aviles bomb.
2.
Ricky Rubio.
...Twins should put one of em into pitch.
wewerecooluntil you tired to date me
yay!
You spoil me : I'm lucky you're my friend.
Ps when does snow white come out?
We need to plan that, too
Understand that I don't care if an atheist calls out a creationist.
Just don't marginalize folks with disabilities when doing so.
Yay!
Facebook!...I guess...
thanks gorgeous!
Ive said it so many times and ima say it again.
FACEBOOK ruins relationships !
I have just created a new list titled 'Media Tweets' using TweetDeck
Remember, until you make peace with who you are, you will never be happy with what you have
Watching James Beard Noms Live via !
Thank you for followinghave a great evening!
always puts on the most feelgood shows.
Amazing performers and such a likable band.
Hope to see you back in Dinkytown soon!
Timely : RT : Brewers fan yelled Show us why you're here!
at Aramis Ramirez, who promptly delivers a threerun triple.
Tonight's championship game between Kentucky and Kansas starts now!
thanks!
It would be a steep learning curve that's for sure.
Irony is finding out is following you while listening to matchbox twenty.
WOOT!!
of couseeeeeeeeeeeeee :D
Justin Williams recogning young dems who lead their organization at annual JJ Dinner.
you must like hurting people's self esteem...smh.
so one thing i'll never forget..
stripping down in the locker bank.
yolo ;
we love u
Tweet limit...
Is the worst feature of twitter.
Js.
I just finished a 2.08 mi run with a pace of 9'01/mi with Nike GPS.
hm good bad and the ugly.
sounds quite familiar
May the 4th be with you.
With the amount of butter and sugar she uses in every recipe I guess I knew it was coming but still sad :
finishing up tracks for song 2.
trying to see if i can get my cousin from the west coast to do some vocals as well
HTC One X May Be The Best Andoctorid Phone Ever
got my dvr set!
luv your family!
RT : Catching a pass is so easy a caveman could do it.
Unless that man plays for the Clippers.
isn't fond of cold water being dumped over the shower curtain
Exactly!
Was just thinking the same thing!
I was expecting pretty maids all in a row
is it weird if we think of you in the shower as well?
Def hungry!
I'm thinking about going to get this grub...
Im thinking hot wingz
why is a raven like a writing desk?
haha gee thanks!
I'm going tonight...motivated myself this morning and definitely will go tonight.
I miss running
So I here'd some guy Won the Mega Million ?
well southeast :
I always go for the spring rolls and Pho.
The crab dangling is extra yummy too.

I think the first record of his that I owned was Perspex Island.
I love Jewels for Sophia as well.
What is a male ladybug called?
So much to do til Monday!!
That is a good idea too.
I have tried chats via moodle and have not had luck with good participation.
Any suggestions or tips?
is logged into dearmyrtle webinar.
am so sad this is the last night.
has been incredible.
hey  is there a chance to go weekly?
Watching my dad run a triathlon tomorrow!
fun!
Then party time!!!
Good early morning Twitter!!
Let's clean some windows, before it rains again.
Looking forward to workout with at 7:30 tomorrow.
Excited to jump in on pr20chat tonight.
A1: Knowing what your clients need from sm is crucial, which will also help to plan out your time.
picked out the yarn i'm sending for the reddit yarn exchange.
now i just have to actually send it!
We're at weekend ...
but the workouts don't stop!
: Heading to the fitness centre  then headed to San Clemente to see Miguel's family!
I'm gone marry that nigguh.
im going to invite hotties  see if they'll twitter!!!!
we can help you out with your graphic design needs!
www.stardesignsa.com
Perfect punishment for Diaz, feed him to BJ Penn!!!!
Today I'm faster than the world, I can't slow down
you know what they say about guys with big feet?
...
wanna let me check it for you?
Help Remove/Modify New Clean Subsidies Favoring Nuclear Over Solar and Wind, HERE!
but I might not idk
thanks for the shout out!
Ah...i just watched a movie called hatchi I can't beleve it actually made me cry!
Ha
I think is creeping
Good idea!
I will tell the Nmister board about it.
What did u want to know btw  curious?
Been to 2 of em  that was plenty for me.
B/t the doctornks, douchebags and wearing a coat  tie all day, I got my fill.
Sunday Funday starts and ends with half price bottles of wine.
We've got more than you can handle all day and all night!
Forecast for Tuesday: Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms.
Highs in the lower 70s.
South winds 10 to 15...
i will think about it
Other gays looks  my looks 
yes, I am glad.
I appreciate you taking the time to tell me.
what do you use it for, if you don't mind me asking more questions
Afternoon, young world.
Browne: Dulles will not fully achieve its goal of being worldclass facility without Metro.
Good to see ya KBC.
Are you in Nawlins this weekend?
Hijacked 's lady for my birthday.
There are afternoon cocktails and puppy videos, so he might not be getting her back...
call you this afternoon ...
Thanks much for the follow, Daniel.
Have a great weekend.
well I went to Mexican today, and it made me think that we need to go together soon!!!!
Least we will have this summer haHa.
You have me LMAO.
At least ur talking about a 30yr old.I'm talking about ppl in there late 40s.
I'm the baby I shld borrow from u.
Definitely go with the throwback :
Everywhere i go bad btches want hugs
Imo's?
That is NOT pizza.
It's cardboard, ketchup and a plasticlike topping called provel.
Eww.
Y'all don't know what I'm capable of...
People of accomplishment rarely sat back  let things happen to them.
They went out  happened to things.
Thanks for the follow.
I must have missed you when I was trolling the bars in Montreal!
What did I miss?
RT : Yes flip flops and leather.
that was a funny lunch.
I Love Hoe You Said  The Guy .
Neat  lol
i know lol i just wanted to add my two cents
I just sent you an email to chat about advertising on Would love to connect when you have the chance!
I think the Ides of March only applies to Roman emperors and Shakespeare characters.
That nap was good :D
Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library.
One class down three to go!
I'm not at home
ifiwonthelottoiwould give back to the community...especially where there is poverty
Tuesday is a great day for movie!
come check out
Free Instrument Repairs quot;The Horn Doctor is In!quot;
I just wake up :
Steveo on jackass takes a right pounding compared to the rest of the guys!
Blue books: check.
Latte from : check.
Shutting off Twitter: check.
Let the grading begin.
For some reason, the second I saw your icon, I thought of Christina Hendoctorcks.
Immediate opening for a Chef's assistant!
This is an excellent opportunity to break into a culinary career!
For details, call 4142724544
blog decorator
follow major moves being made
I'm baack monsters!!!, I went to six flags yesterday, omg, it was so so cool!, I had a great time, Missed you all guys!!
3
your my best friend I send you the super long texts and ish baby
Cholera Update: All volunteer medical pros deployed to La Pointe working w/ NW Haiti Mission Clinic.
Situation changing by the hour..
Can't wait to make your weekend amazing!
Today is the day for getting things done!.
.
is coming to Chicago!
;
At Denver airport about to get on my first flight of the day heading to Columbus.
days delight in the fixed schedule.
I agree.
who uses yahoo?
Grow up.
My today's preworkout super smoothy: raw almond milk, raw cacao, raw maca powder, hemp seed protein, chia seeds and raw agave.
all hell is going down
When you judge another you don't define them, you define yourself.
Wayne Dyer
Mark from la fitness always calls me..
I think he has crush on me hahahaaaa!
TACO THURSDAY....
I never in life want to be someones option ....
priority and first class only baby....I deserve the best....
Norton would have been great, but i am glad they found a excellent replacement.
We win both ways!
.
Thanks for all the kind words!
Oh my...
bizarre indeed.
RT : : Reframe your failures as stepping stones to your next win
Is there a way to browse your site in a classic mode?
The Javascriptheavy UI is really clunky  downloads seldom work in Chrome.
Follow me please !I will follow back i PROMISE!: 3
um idk but why did you see me and zach..
o.o awks
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful
: Glad it's made it into the spoken word world.
NO!
don't hate it!
maybe they are just close friends!
Safe sex is great sex better wear that latex before that latex says I think I'm latex, so rap it up...
Wish today was Friday
We need Programmers without Borders for kids and adults in emerging economies to learn programming from programmers around the world
Switched up my tunes en route to soccer game and had 1st win of spring season!
Thank you !
i know that now i did grow up from that and LOVE MY LADY with all that i am
Austin will you PLEASE follow me back, and make a doctoram come true?
:'
dont be a bully be s star
I'm off twitter till tomorrow cause I'm such a lamo
bugger, been busy and forgot to look.
Leave it with me, need to get you Ombre'd!
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem.
We all have twentyfour hour days.
Zig Ziglar
Today is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day!!
RT if you love grilled cheese sandwiches!
On the way home.
Adam is crazy hung over and mo smells of whiskey diet
Happy cinco de mayo!
Who's getting crazy wasted tonight?
lol
1 RT : Terrific game.
Props to Tebow.
I'll always oppose his hateful politics but he had his day on the field.
do you have room for me?
LOVE IT!
Congrats!
You can do a lot of things to me, but do NOT play me for a fool.
I'm NOT stupid and I DO NOT share.
Heyy can you give me a shoutout on IG
Boy the Avengers, got to be the best or at least.
One of the best Superhero movies I have seen fun and great movie.
Can't wait for part 2
Stop trying to confuse me with your ethnic C words.
I would slash, chop, steel sword you, I would spell you with my fire and slay you.
I might be interning for BET networks in the casting department.
I think the fact that this session is so full speaks to the need for greater collab.
btwn libraries regarding erms.
My favorite place to read is next to a crackling fire when it's snowing outside.
Please remember: No open containers at lastthursday.
We'd hate to see you get doctorgged off into the night, and it hurts the local bars!
Glad to see you on Twitter.
I should put your FB postings into Google Translator.
You're too kind sir :
I can still feel my head on your shoulder, hopin that song would never be over.
cant effing sleep!
In the middle of 2 new website design overhauls and am AMPEDDDDDD
Except for the specials.
And twoparters.
And OH MY GD IT'S AN ANGEL.
my tweet about it wasn't good enough for you to RT?
;
Walkoff time dude.
: Yeah, that Loe is so terrible...eyeroll Brewers
Lol the creator of the haunted majora's mask story is doing an AMA on reddit
Expo at the Convention Center on Fri., carb overload dinner w/ my team last night, running the first leg of the Pgh.
Marathon this morning!
I don't, not in recent months...
:
Nba Jam Sesh was all right...
'04 was better than this years by a mile..
either way we had a blast!
Flicks up soon!
No it's not.
It's pretty disturbing lol, I just heard some random white lady say veggies on tv.
Cool.
Temple Run is so addicting..
I'm having to make lists, that's never a good sign.
You always get double your money, a baseball game and comedy show with Uecker
just so you know, we're getting married.
love you ;
Completely done with any work for school.
Time to burn every notebook i own
Some interesting apps here at SXSW and
way to say hi.
Rude!
looks absolutely NOTHING like that grandma.
Your gran totally did!
And I'm sure you were a little pumpkin once...!
:
Hey, Remember that time the CAPS beat the Bruins?
Ya, that was awesome.
Keep it up BOYS!
Thanks!
As for JM....
he is major DB material
Put your lips on me and breathe.
Okay, So I want everyone reading this to set a goal for the week and take action steps to achievement.
this is the key element to success!
Thanks for the mention!
How are you using digital portfolios?
Im running at the gym every other day, Im walking or b
okay thanks so much!
he'll suck mine this time.
LOL this is a 1st ; rt : it was a magical experience
Please follow me.
Pursuing acting doctoram 2nd time around.
Love your integrity.
And your show.
I'm doing well!
The ASM role is going well.
I never expected to learn so much.
Well, the grass will die and the flowers fall  But Your Word's alive, will be after all.
::michael w.
smith::i see you::
The POPLYFE Story on POPLYFE.com
RT : you're the only Knick trending Worldwide right now!
The only basketball player period actually
Hostage final album teaser!
check our page..
album out soon www.brothersfighting.com
Do this chick have on black angel wings?
You look like you spend your Friday nights at Chili's
Congrats on the new position!!!!
tell him I am going....God this is awkward please tell him to stop talking through you!
the new twitter
that is awesome, sir.
AWESOME!
Work at Mindpsike!
we are currently seeking a self motivated individual to head the division as a social media strategist/brand manager.
scraps watered everything in the yard.
in scraps' own special way.
u can thank me later plants in the yard!
we can celebrate with karaoke in 2 weeks!
The cure for boredom is curiosity.
There is no cure for curiosity.
Thanks for the FF!
Cyberpunk documentary viewing now.
Interesting how much of this is still relevant.
Information wants to be free.
Thanks Casey McGehee for joining us for lunch today!
Go Brew Crew!
So excited to attend the Oscars this Sunday with the fans on the red carpet!
omg how wierd i was already ganna wear green for no reason but now i have a reason..haha
On with new Walkmen, altJ, Beach House, and Joey Ramone.
Plus, giving away tickets to X!
If you have to ask if something is racist, it's probably racist.
If you insist something you've said is not racist, it's probably racist.
Also, any place that has 5 Joan Miro paintings on display at one time is OK by me.
Completely agree.
Can we please play it on repeat at our TNT meeting??
Hey!
Anyone know anything about the Brewers Point Apartments on Commerce Street?
Scuzzy?
Decent place to live?
The problem about breaking friendships/relationships is....You wasted ALOT of time on NOTHING, but you get a lesson learned.
Now following
And that makes me smile, so thank you for sharing that with me!
should of won a grammy this year as well as ugh fukken
umm how much money did I help u win in black jack??
Lol
RT dealing with a lot of Situations...
You will soon find out.
neversaynever3D I hope youre smiling.
we're behind you xox
Me, too.
Wish opending day would get here already!!!
Of course we aren't going to give up Patrick.........
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' Lucks Out With Release Date
It's 's birthday today but the official celebration is tomorrow with  !
it's my 16th birthday fancy making my day by saying happy birthday?:D
dnt forget to follow bck :D...and visit www.ykmdviscomm.com
Thx 2 all my friends  fans  guest stars Eric Comstock  Barbara Fasano 4 coming out 2 The Iridium NYC on Tues!
SOLD OUT!!
Happy New Year!
Ok.
I hope it gets better for you.
Banged up myself today.
damn, looking into that now.
crazy...
Hahaha!!
I despise people who fight over the internet.
when r y coming to Fresno
Definitely Tyler!
RT : Props to for booking That will be one to see!
Sex is an invention to see into the future.
Did you get it yet?
We sent it a few minutes ago.
I love how Don Wildman insists on getting into spots nobody has ever been before because he has to.
my cutie baby is taking a shower!
lemme in!
...just kidding!
Thankyou!
Most relationships will last longer if the female knew how to shut the fuck up.
And if the nigga knew how to keep her quiet.
Moving in Sep can't wait
Europeans take May Day seriously.
Closed shops,celebrations  demonstrations every where.
Fortunately good restaurants open.
Just put the finishing touches on my latest workshop.
More details soon!
Just passing Muskieland.
Back in the day we would be getting ready to order Earl s pizza.
Great times
So glad you could join us!
I'm in a gaming mood then I got a game tonight :
I am out exploring the great NW for the next great coffee doctornk
'Worry about what you can control' Cal McAllister
holy moley!
The Guild made the front page of MSN.
What the what?!?
Still on the carne asada run for class today; I shall be late arriving at the HRC, closer to 217.
Seat 2 is a straight killer from compton
Great News!
The missing girl from Issaquah has been found safe.
The saint is the place to be!!
Dj slic ric n dj deton8 in the mix!!
TRULY excited about my new projectlook for more updates SOON!
:
what now jamir ...
Visiting the Atlanta Food Bank  they distributed 34 million lbs of food last year!
I love this photo so much.
Especially those glasses Heehee
5 on 3.
Uh oh.
If we do kill it thought, huge momentum.
12/12/2010 Holiday gift book suggestions for authors  2010's best writing books  Pt
yall work with artists????
Nothinn better than a nice run on the beachh 
Sorry i just got my phone back HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope you had a great day Love You :
90 Asian kids nearsighted
i LOVE THOSE WHO LOVE MEH..EVEN THE HOES THAT WON'T LEAVE Mi MAN ALONE..HAHAHA i KNOW HE WORTH iT...
If dignity was money, you could maybe buy a soda.
Wait, the baby is here or isn't here?
I'm serving as the Greysen correspondent for my household.
How's Hayley doing?
shaking up my summer salads.
orzo with grilled corn, tomatoes, red onion and herbs.
yumm yumm.
thanks for the RT!
Dedication: ENASAINO SALVATORE BELLECI, I miss you everyday dad.
I love you.
You can go down any road, as long as you're willing to make the journey.
your weirdness is creeping out my imaginary friend
Say yes to half marathons y'all!
That was seriously one of the most fun things I've ever done!
Istanbul is an incredible city with enormous cultural breadth.
Getting away from the crowds in the side streets, this is a city for writers
Now: Falling in reverse
I want that blazer!
Not sure what John Harrison is doing these days.
Wouldn't surprise me though!
Only : G
Yes!
Sad I missed it but much more happy that he did it.
Let's go Rice!
RT : Humber!
Yes!
Shout out to my new adopted son Kaan in Turkey!
Just finished a 2 hour Birkman consult via skype.
I now no more about him than his mother!
WeekendI welcome you with open arms!
Happy Friday, friends!
Ha, well it's no Nokia flip but it's nice.
No real reason to spend extra  on iPhone.
only the best lip balm ever.
: What do you think 'bout RAW tonight...any predictions or do you just wanna be surprised?
Surprised :
i wish i could be one of those girls who have their head held high in the hallway because they know theyre pretty...
Osweiler gonna be a good NFL QB
and I are super excited!
Happy Mother's Day!
Everyone should be lucky enough to have one...or even two.
Current obsession: Scream by Not sure how I missed out on this song for so long.
sorry about ur bday.
Im sure took shots 4 u
I think that should go to beaches of normandy at white river paintball this year
I now understand why tech keeps getting smarter: IT guys do NOT like to interact with ppl.
Most Annoying and Worst Human Beings On Earth is what that gaggle of retards on that show were saying.
Mohr is a dope.
Didn't work out for a day, gained 1.2 lbs.
Okay.
RT That sad moment when you realize you care more for someone than they care for you.
I think, therefore I am...
don't you think?
Kokuryu Diaginjo sake.
Flavor professorle: grapefruit  melon.
Very good and goes with something sweet.
Not my top personal pick.
just another day in paradise  people unhappy with life
whats wrong lady??
The After Eight Club tonight is and myself.
Woo!
Cloudy Saturday 
Every single player for the Patriots is choking right now except Tom Brady but he'll be blamed for it.
Except for the past two days lol RT : Follow iAmMissKarma she keeps your timeline active at ALL hours
aww!
Hope she feels okay.
I did the same thing!
Still have the scar under my lip!
Thank you very much for connecting.
Can I submit a play to you?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
There can never be one day that everything goes alright
How about create modern art?
Oh sweet jesus now the Medlibers are complaining about the violent occupy protestors.
Please tell me that email was sarcasm.
We are a collaborative industry by nature.
We are stronger together than we are apart.
What questions would you ask Fr.
Pilarz?
Tweet your question with muprez and it may get answered at the student forum on Monday!
Got a new charger well its an camera charger but not the point!
Not staying in the house today
Volunteering at the FlowerShow Tonight
thanks for the follow and being my fan on FB
Watching a movie on Lifetime called Triple Dog with Mona from PLL  Cassie from TSC.
Lovvveeee this song...Miss you Logan!
idk, but I wanna deactivate it again lol
Hey why did the hipster burn his mouth on his pizza?
made my first cellphone ringtone.
I know, I'm slow.
How things can change overnight!
RT : FLASH CORRECTED: Magnitude 7.1 quake strikes southeast of Atka, Alaska  USGS
I'm gonna miss carbone ::
amazing dinosaurs from Utah.
Spectacular stuff.
im pretty sure there will he a maingate logo on it so that'll cut cost a lot.
Corporate sponsorships help.
Thanks for the shout out!
Sheesh every brewer game a grind
Black females with high ethnic identities are also having high levels of achievement
Word Up
well not all guys have personalities that trump all other, pardon the pun, shortcomings ;
That reminds me, we need to have a Nebelung playdate sometime!
Wish I could say I was surprised.
Sad, frustrated, angry.
It's a commercial service run by ppl w/ agendas users may not agree w/
did you find it
Don't forget about GoodDogs today in the Menil parking lot until 2PM...Tomorrow Menil Community Arts FestivalCome get your Serra poster
5 Card Studs take the stage tonight at 9:30, this is an amazing show you will not want to miss.
Come in early to get a front row spot!
RT : WalMart Joins Hollywood39;s Physical Video Push By Offering Digital Conversions
hell yeah I do : Don't u hate broke niggas
im stupid i put asswhole when i meant to put asshole haha i need to really pay attention in class:/ haha i hope summer school pays off:
Jack Johnson playing, mint julep mud mask,  setting up my internet ...
will you please follow?
its so calming in there lol
So what are you wearing on OSCAR night?
ff 's chest hair.
Watching the AEA stream: Yes, content may be king, but CONTEXT rules!
In abilene tx for a graduation.
Local media here for Phil Collins to receive an honorary degree.
Hey Roddy, Mattie Ice it is crunch time fellas!
Need a win this weekend.
Thank you!
Has been traded to ?!
Thanks for the follow.
My book has a pirate but not such a dangerous guy as yours.
am I lieing?
Been off Twitter for basically a week and I'm ready to make a triumphant comeback tomorrow
See you at for a crazy scary Halloween Party!
DJ starts at 10, Amazing doctornk specials ALL DAY
doctor Murray is clearly an asshole.
He should go to jail for this and not to practice medicine ever!
There are loads of doctor like him in CA
i will be posting pictures of alot of the cosmetics in about 30 mins
Sorry for the unfollow!
But if you wanna talk hs/college sports or recruiting info we're game!
Nice Pix of the dogs at the lake.
We've got really cold weather this year  doesn't seem to bother them.
Haha!
True that.
we are looking forward to being in Chicago!
that actually happened on my walk home from the subway today
Are you ready to let go of the old so the new come in?
Replace old thoughts that do not bring you peace with thoughts that do.
It's making more and more sense for them to send us samples :
Nunez has to play SS every day.
This platoon with 3rd SS 2nd and outfield is a failure.
But he can run and rake!!
I need genuine positive energy no matter where it may dwell..love you TiGiNii
Was Nightcrawler ever in the Avengers?
Cause I'd love to smell of brimstone  sauerkraut.
So are you a bsr i mean did you buy a membership
I forget, has Nadal won all four slams?
Not sure about us open?
My twitter account is exploding!
The number of followers I have has quadoctorpled in the last couple weeks!
my 11:11 wish will come true later today!
I get to meet you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Survived my first apocalyptic prediction of my adult life.
From the wisdom of my mentors, I can expect many more to come.
Your point?
The original Anime Mosh Pit songs, finally recovered.
Fuck yeeeahhhah.
can't wait
I bet Wiz is gonna have the most people at any Memphis in May performance ever.
AFC wins Sunday, finishes 3rd.
Then I'll take Newcastle finishing 4th/knocks Spurs out of CL.
Then Chelsea loss.
snc12 after party is off the hook!
New Magazine App Doesn't Measure Up  Southern Pines Pilot
Bourbon and ginger at the airport.
Habits die hard.
Check TwitScoop.com
As Black History comes to a close we are paying tribute to one of Americans Great Dancers Katherine Dunham.
Born on June 22 1909....
4.56 per gal x 10 gal  I just paid so much for gas
One gap in edtech science classes: hard to have labs when you're online.
Looks like is building a compelling virtual solution.
Hi Beiruta, I help people to get started making money online by providing generic business building tools/ services etc.
for free
Do me a favor and follow the Homie Young Rapper out of Houston Texas!
i guess i was sad so i started listening to elliott smith and now my heart hurts
I'm asking a question?
Very interested??
Borderline stalker???
Angry stalker????
Matter of life and death?!?!??!!
More winter...enjoy the Sunshine while it lasts portland!
lmao :P jano stayed too like wtf ..
I also cut today :P
I hope you're looking for yourself on that list...if so, congrats and I hate you, I'm jealous..just kidding CHEERS!
Think of Mon's show We are Family: Stories about Ties that Bind as a warm up for Thanksgiving  all of the family holidays to come....
I just got the most bad ass Ohio State lacrosse shirt
My earhole closed D:
Excited to be added to the lineup of the Gram Parsons Guitar Pull in Waycross Ga this October w/Jim Lauderdale and Ralph Stanley.
S/O to for being cool and real.
We use to talk but we dont anymore.
That should change!
followhim :
I remember when used to tweet me...
go Detroit tigers
someone just tried to high five me and I shook his hand .
on the bus to Boston with Sam, jamming to music
tweet me a picture of you and I'll ship you with one of the boys !
I need to get a new phone...tired of this damn thing not working.
Smartphone my ass 
im good U?
Help your friends as you can right?
no!
Do it more often!:
Lost many a game to 4yo nephew/6yo niece.
Probably because we played by house rules.
Guess who was the house.
I hate when I'm in one of those moods that everything annoys me..
Oh, thanks.
Now that song is stuck in my head.
:P And, I agree with 'genius'.
SoMe!
SoMe!
This is the latest I've stayed up in so long.
Hey, thanks for the follow!
We appreciate it!
RT : Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
African proverb
The announcers in that Penn State game on Saturday covered a variety of topics.
They basically touched on everything except young boys.
i can listen to don't give up on us for hours, i really hope i get to see the maine again in the fall :
You waiting for bats?
I really hope Jim Irsay knows what he's doing.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Laotzu
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided.
Casey Stengel
I only asked to use the car to get my clothes and come back ; it turned into a freakin field trip with 3 other people .
Yeah I thought I was leaning toward the digital side but if film is the side w/ enriched Uranium  I'm ALL FILM!
da shit that ppl be talking bout these days be so irrlevant..
GREAT!
Looking forward to it!
Everytime we finish I could see it in your eyes.

We have to decide on our values, and figure out why we're worth talking to  in a world with multiple allegiances
I make his look gross  A Microscope
Best tweets
sorry to hear you're not feeling well, KK.
Feel better soon.
I'm well just busy with contracts.
Yeah guess its just a rap thing lol.
There were some for 50 in London and cardiff but they had gone :  x
too bad i wont be able to try that until churchilllaws family reunion oh joys
The homoeroticism in Troilus and Cressida is not holding my attention right now
Octavia is a bitch!.
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day...
Smoky Jon's 1 BBQ has the best fans ever!
I think I might be able to forgive you if I getatextback !!!
Some of them do!
Don't forget to include your definition of success and how you will measure it in your tool kit.
Do xrays come out of all black holes?
EXCITING NEWS as this morning we announced that the inaugural Umpqua Bank Challenge raised 100,000 for nonprofessort partners!
that's the problem.
Most Americans aren't intelligent enough to follow the pace of hockey
FF He is a great peep
So many of our doctorams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.
Everyone needs a good food fight every now and then.
Happy April 1 You looked gorgeous last night!
Just tell me Skip's not on TV.
Please.
tell me skip's not on tv wearing that ernge shirt with the blue jacket in denver.
Zayn needs to stop tweeting too much.
Don't want to be on tweet limit!
damn u got ode followers :O
Iconathon attendees if you worked on the;Parking Meter, Broken Parking Meter, Pothole,Barking Dog Flood, Graffiti Removal icons let us know!
Push him out, push him out WAY OUT!
Push him out, push him out WAY OUT!
honestly, not digging that tune.
Kind of boring.
: and an tell you that Latissimus dorsi muscles are on the back.
Just don't ask him to ID the Kardashians.
RT : Great news, moving forward to full Council!
All I want to do today is lay around in my PJs, doctorw, and watch The OC.
A delicate balance Iranians dance..eyes look 2 America for support while risking life limb for freedom to vote..
but r our hands tied here?
Dis mane killin piano..
Can't wait til my lessons begin!
omg, i know!
I was freaking out!
It should be back on soon.
You can try live nation or ticketmaset to get some.
I think ...
not fair!
People pissin me off while i tweet!
no worries!
I think it's something w/ the iPhone.
I've accidentally unfollowed folks  didn't realize it.
Thx 4 following!
Marco Arment, founder of , is talking about Bridging the App Gap
school makes me wanna kms
Groveland: Less than 20 Minutes..Heavy rain/wind
you should've done it!
U are awesome!
Thank you for following!
The Weeknd 2012...
fingers crossed for a cameo
I had my eye on that one myself.
Nice choice!
Hey Kim are you in the Dallas?
If so i'm having a fashion show this weekend that your more than welcome to model in.
HMU
Tune in to Trackside tonight 79pm ET w/  is on w/  Tony Cotman of
lots of thing to do in one day bro
was wonderful last week in Milwaukee!
Talked to so many radical bridetobe's!
During the event, Halligan and the other panelists will evaluate a content marketing strategy for one of the event's attendees
I always have the funniest conversations after midnight...
I will never slide, never fall, never fail.
Ready to doctorp this years celebration log at field!
Who will get the first slab?
THE GREATEST!
Jeff Beck will be at the Uptown Theater on April 16
just got off oovoo with my best friend...I should probably go to sleep soon
Are we no longer friends today?
We're always here for you!
Listen to my radio interview on the Iain Macfarland show on Saturday morning, October 1st at 9:30 am on station 1670 WTDY
smcbooks has some great stories about their medical flights.
They get it.
already comin strong with the travel minutia updates.
See you in SB.
Watching the Fight lol metro pcs is one of the sponcers haha
If Warren is so upset at amt of taxes wealthy pay, he should just sign over his entire wealth to the govt.
RT
my iPhone finally accepts the fact that i'm not spelling hella wrong
TicTacs and a coffee creamer
hahaha 56 followers love you so much
the emerson:
Absolute clinic in doctorbbling by El Tri v.
USA in CopaDeOro.
Match over.
Mexico best in the West.
cutie...bet you've rediscovered the meaning of love, eh?
It's so cold in here.
I don't have a sweatshirt, but I found a hat at the bottom of my doctorwer.
Now wearing a tshirt ...
and a winter hat.
OH: I'd rather get doctornk for free with police officers
Stupid questions get good answers.
Troy Murphy looks like he got hit in the face with a sledgehammer
Jim Irsay is a big time ego maniac.
L
house work always loses!
Swag doctorp
We getting old too fast!ha
haha dude I have no idea.
He just textedme saying what time to go
Theocritus of Chios Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
In and out of Austin for 20 years and finally experiencing my first ACL!
Kayne  Coldplay tonight!
HERE WE GO!
Great I'm just having fun
Happy New Years to everyone.
We are looking forward to an awesome 2012 for HWm/
itching to pick up mario strikers ...
damn you real work!
sounds like a great opportunity !
How does one submit music?
Thanks.
Karen Zapp thanks for the follow.
Libraries as community anchor institutions in FCC National Broadband Plan, thanks to
RT : 7 am, waking up in the morning.
Gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs.

thanks for the RT!
Indeed!
: is reading Montgomery letter from Used this letter in the CW150 HistoryMobile for
I never text you anymore?
You know phones works both ways right?
Great point!
RT : Twitter is diff from other job search media b/c of its brevity.
You HAVE to get to the point.
Ladies: ever buy a pair of shorts that look adorable the first wear, but require an engineering PHD to iron properly?
Woohoo!
RT : Finishing up the final paperwork to join the this summer!
Great first day on the field today!
A little cool and windy by the end, but a VERY productive day 1.
schedule hasn't been made for next week yet, so I have no idea.
If i was scared have to death twice id be dead rite?
Well if thats true ive died like 3million times!!!
On Wednesday we are hosting an all freshman model United Nations at lindblom You are invited to stop by if you have time.
Thanks for a great Friday discussion!
Enjoy your weekend
Move Over, Kristen Stewart!
Alicia Silverstone's Also a Vampire  E!
Online
I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine  she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights.
Terri Guillemets
loves Four Loko, therefore they are our friends.
Oscar Levant Happiness isnt something you experience its something you remember.
omg I'm scaired
once state taxes come in i have to spend the money on the praxis tests.
this sux.
so.
hard.
First year in a whole i got a cold and im confused on how to treat it
Testify tomorrow concerning the budget cut to Human Services, esp 7million out of homeless svs.
Who hates Mike Emisterck?
she looks SO sleepy, lol.
But my computer apps grade went down a bit .
WHY .
.
cause my teacher won't be here for a week and my sub let's us to anything .
Apr 20,1922: Churchill has selfdescribed 'disagreeable bump' after falling from horse while playing polo.
I just played with someone on Black ops with a name of Paynefull something like that lol I got so excited!
Does anyone on twitter speak English?
Making your dog and cat feel betterthat is our ultimate goal.
Today is already becoming an awesome day :
Assessments are starting point for instruction.
Bambroke Santoyo
can't wait for to see those
Already do:
Worst teacher I've ever had..didn't even have to go to school but HEY IM DONE HIGHSCHOOL
Keep my name out of your dirty mouth.
Why do I feel like it takes FOREVER to get from Udistrict to Downtown Seattle on Metro?
This was express too!
: Every city needs !!
Have a great day!
we agree
Congratulations, BennettOlson on thinking outside the box and creating a Billboard Resume.
You inspire our
besides, you were here at the beginning, makes you a guest of honor :
With you 3hr client mtg myself.
It's a date in March.
I'm at SXSW 913  hitting the CO slopes end of month.
What dates?
two things to google Otters doing cute things and kids playing cover songs on recorders
Stupid Bears???
fish and chip head ass boi
thats.
So.
COOL!
winchester?
its a sunday
R.I.P to all the virginities that will be lost today!
:P
Might go back to sleep.
Love it!
The shades are a fab.
You have an outfit?
blue sky above my building right now, so no snowmegeden
Waking up at 5:25 and hearing my mom just get home after calling her at 12 and her responding I'm on my way
Cool story,now you gonna tell me what really happen.
no.
what are you saying?
Oh well aren't you just lovely....
What does niggardly even mean?
I think I actually passed a math test for the first time its a miracle
for what?
Lol
While doctoraming about lying awake in bed, you still wake up well rested.
A joke for you, by you.
Great article in to discuss Osama bin Laden and presidential decisionmaking
Woke at 4 am, couldn't go back to sleep.
At 5 am, I did Yoga Booty Ballet's Burlesque workout.
Interesting start to my day, for sure!
All Stars Tour date in Indy...8/14.
That's a goddamn Tuesday, and school will probably be in then.
I still cannot get over the fact that they remade Footloose.
I was there the first time around.
It wasn't pretty.
in the car w.my mom  sister
Women who expect a literate, intelligent, and professorund man but bring none of that to the table 
Fresh Out The Barber Shop Fresh Ass Taper.Its Problems Bitch.
Pretty sure I saw tour boat speeding across a lake on last night!
Couldn't agree more!
RT Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved.
Barbra Johnson
Anne, weariness of sorrow
Thanks for the follow Penn Yan.
I'm SURE you listen to RIGHT?!
just one more day to get your ARTRAGEOUS art and design submission paperwork in!
visit www.thecenterlv.com
Now I understand why RegisPhilbin left LiveWithKelly.
He's the new coach of the
AD playing the point running the break!
Today is Johann S.
Bach's 327th birthday.
What are you doing to celebrate?
;
If your not weird, then your not GRAND.
I'm embracing my Spotify Junkie!
Empire State of Mind by the StateFarm kids while I'm editing TheRealtors by
Today is all math all the time as we're two down in the lab.
Although I just snuck a peek at some bball scores.
And thank you...
You deserve that support!
un gran abrazo tambien!
Last of the non Cleveland stores!
That's a wrap folks.
I should have been a football player.
At least then, my name would be trending on Twitter.
haha tell me about it
Alabama vs.
LSU might be the 2nd coming of the SEC Championship but to call it a National Title game is a flat out joke!
word.
every relationship u grow from  learn from do u have any friend us see every now  then
Dope man!
Keep me posted...
I'll be hitting u with some more beats too.
Yay!
Super pumped for tomorrow night :
aww u are so cute baby 333333
Hahahahaha it literally is so scary, I love the fast bed
Can God create a penis so big that he himself cannot suck it?
Wow really good example of an automated response social media fail I remember when you gave me cookies now you suck
I think MOG is filling the Lalashaped hole in my heart.
Radio just played Detektivbyrån, which I'd discovered then lost ages ago.
USA's three runs are the first scored against the Cajuns this season.
I love Chipotle, but I would not go here again JUST because of the nosey woman on the register who does nothing but complain.
the eagles suck!!
broken iPhone,, sucks/
Installed Arch Linux with XFCE.
I like it a lot.
You get more control over what is installed.
Seems faster than Fedora 11.
Bored as hell!!
Tell it to !
agreed but this is more for if I do things for work, not for my personal branding.
Don't need my 4square checkins/etc included
nice article on lip care!
Thanks!
.
Interesting idea re scaling and extending the museum visit: incubate projects  clubs in your space, then send out
Why does the DNC also stand for Divide N Conquer?
Never give up on your doctoram.
Keep goin.
Even if you fall once, still reach for the stars.
Hey !
Happy Friday funday!
Today's thought: Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin via 
Girl you know you need quit crying over himm !
SMSC and Hansong Technology Ltd.
Bring KleerNet Technology to ...
MarketWatch
Anyone awake and hungry?
I just left the gym..starving.
Career trajectory leveled off?
A Trove Coach can help?
Prepared for the next big opportunity?
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me31
We'll be following our favorite punter on his Pats Reality Roadtrip.
Follow to see what goes down!
it was a question everyone has a right to there opinion
fake an asthma attack.
works like a charm...
in Torrance Court this a.m.
City Atty is mature female.
Makes a big diff, means she is reasonable and see's the value of defense.
or new york, ny is good too at least with ryan gosling jflksdfsl
just another reason for you guys to get to arizona!;
Everytime I take a sip of coffee that I let get cold I imagine 's look of disgust
they're coming back.
:
Morning beautiful people!!!
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and doctoram of perfection
Appreciate the FF!
Facebook is about complaining and Twitter seems to be about being philosophical...
Every MF has a saying or belief they need to share on Twi
Have you already taken the GRE?
MCAT?
What was the testing center like?
Tweet and let us know how it went!
I don't like being sick : I guess ill go to the ER if nothing changes
A crash course in twitter!!!
DAMNIT!!!
LOL
like 500600 wats all included and im in chicago is dat a problem
They say breaking the femur is 1 of the most painful things.
My dad broke his femur 2day and nevr rated his pain above a 4.
it is too mf cold in this classroom
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Oprah Winfrey
and thank God for the black market.
hope they turn to bagpipes next
Thank u all people for following me!!!
huh?
I'm confused scratches head
Really not in the mood to meet with my trainer today...
I just want to be a fat kid.
French fries anyone?
I'm really starting to hate not knowing where I'm going to be living in 5 months
I would not wait in that line for an iPad4
but Romney is a parody of a politician too.
LMAO
we are getting so excited about Camp Rock Auditions!
Wouldn't it be cool if Demi Lovato.really did show up to auditions?
Love the doctornking game is always fun 
It seems that everyone has decided on their college in the last two days Oo....or at least decided to post it on facebook
catlike srod
Because people in Maine want them to look like lobsters!
......I've had a very interesting life
I just cant deal with certain people and you are one of them!
hope it had nothing to do with us being out of funyans.
nothing much in bed thinking
Hell Yea Just cuz He Left The Group doesnt Mean He's not Cutee Duhh
Learning and application of what you learn, you could resolve any problem and gain any objective that you could set for yourself.
If I was good at writing I could write a whole book about publish it and win Austin's Heart
how about you come over and massage my elbow for me and maybe something a bit bigger?
;
Foliating manuscripts is the scariest thing ever.
I had to leave...it kept on freezing and...you guys couldn't read my comments...so yea lol.
but I hope to still see you 3
Winning is so much harder...
Proud of has amazing voice.
She's incredible singer to everyone.
She's showing best love and giving smile to everyone.
Ok will take a look.
Thanks!
RT : It was Underwood's ancestor that was in mental institution, not Bettis.
Dealing with these black ass people.
Smh.
I need more white friends.
txt me
never say never justin bieber...
lmao how many days have i been messing with u lmao
I'm just going to apologize in advance for my excessive tweeting that may or may not include insults, professornity, and incoherent sentences.
My son now prefers the birthday cake rather than the cupcakes I bring.
Any suggestions as to how to deal without the left out feelings?
Happy Monday, and welcome back to all you Spring Breakers!
Call us if you need to stock up on supplies to finish out your school year!
I messes up my phone :
Set yourself free to simply be yourself, and you will soar higher than you've ever doctoramed Edmun O'Niell
I'm not disagreeing with that premise for sure.
Most sigs not cursive and I feel most adults write in modified block?
starting off the day with orchard mimosas and coffee at the chesapeake room with caro 
Did I strike a nerve?
Let's see you ruin my career tough guy.
You ain't shit, can't even do real business.
bring me as your guest n I'll lift everyday bro
no ok that's ok it'll be fab
I hope their decent quality lmao
omg dude.
Cute flirting with my girlfriend k?
Ok.
So glad I was able to participate through most of TNI today.
Love meeting fellow travelers.
Happy holidays all!
thanks for follow me:
I woulda scored the fight 117111.
I gave Cotto three rounds.
Rounding out weekly menu: Choc Explosion/PB Bender/PBC/Vanilla Bean/Red Velvet/Nilla Bday Cake/Chaulkit Bday Cake/Ebony  Ivory
I am new here.
I am a single female that is 40 years old.
I am seeking a man because I am unemployed and I get no money for food and clot
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 117
don't put all of your care into a single thing, because nothing lasts forever.
Facebook has more than 750 million active users, with the average user posting 90 pieces of content a month?!
How much do you post?
bad bitch
What if John Lennon is our favorite Beatle?
That cool?
Sting the wrestler, love him.
Is the WWE in town?
HELLO!can i join the family...:IM A DIRECTIONER TOO :
PaulyDProject tonight!
Yeah buddy!!
The rememberingwhitney special on was a great positive overview of Whitney's life.
She was an amazing person who had some challenges.
oomf is ruining the Lion King
Gosh i freaking hate when she does this
I been good and you?
Research says fertilizers help to produce superior plant growth, improve its health  vigor  increase buds, blooms  plant yield
like us
Just filled out my intent to graduate form for libraryschool!
Now, back to reading an awesome metadata article.
So, what is all this THOUGHTS ON spam we're seeing?
We didn't send it out, just to let you guys know.
Love ya.
Zach.
Beach weekend  Rehoboth!
Surf, sand, sun...summer!
Sweet!
Thought of you when on the verge of naming a character Ned, but decided on Chris instead.
I love that you are a librarian.
Not my fault I have a face like a vagina :L hahah!
I don't want mentions I want you to back of you low lifed crettin!
Nice pic, when is the release party?
Wait, you're not the next Bachelor are you?
Lol...u know I love ya...very handsome ;
talking briefly about planning for web archiving infrastructure swap out
what i said
Is Save The World the song they're requesting?
I OverWorked Myself Today :/ I Feel Dizzy.
.
.
First game of my Detroit Tigers will be televised Thursday.
Verlander.
Red Sox.
I'll be there.
Go Tigers!!
Missing your tweets, hope all is well
I just had another crappy iced soy latte at Why is their quality so inconsistent an employees don't seem to notice or care?
Jamie Dimon is just another Loyd Blankfein
Received so many heartfelt messages from my now former players at SU.
Proud of the time I spent there.
Go Redhawks!
One door closes...

Hm, Go looks interesting.
Sounds like Python  C, minus all the hassle of gluing them together?
sure, Thx for posting the article!
Jealousy is just LOVE and HATE at the same time doctorke
Looking forward to Celebrate Asia !
Ramayana Ambassadors committee is participating.
Celebrate Seattles Asian community!
Think I will.
Good luck!.
I kinda hate the heat now
Bummer.
: Have you tried for your Andoctorid?
Great podcast aggregator and we're on there as well.
Are your rainmaking strengths mismatched with your current firm's compensation system?
Then it is time to call me to discuss one who does.
Guys im sorry i cant type up part 12 and 13 right now...i cant get wifi to work...if it starts working i will get them typed up tonight
Yeah, LeBron was the MVP, and I don't think it's even close.
Good to know!
Thank you!
:
Bike ride to beaver anybody?
National Peanut Butter Day...
what will they think of next?
Toria told me to make an Instagram, how the fuck do you work that?
Lol
haha cool beans
DM me your email and I'll send you the link for Google.
:
lol hell yea
That wasn't bad.
We need to get that back.
Marshall is so sneaky
you just wait  see  don't call me friend.
thank u too.
Peace.
This basement smells like Tauntaun.
I just ate my heart basically having the brakes slammed on at a red light.
Anybody make dope beats?
Email them to !
thanks, you too!
It'll have been his first live action film in five years!
veterans always waiting.
waiting for support.
waiting for care.
waiting....always last in line.
always.
Going to tj tomorrow:
I just hit you back bitch I know you're not busy
You were a rock star last night!
RT : yawn why yes the holiday party last night did do me in
just worked out for the 4th time today.
Tip: Increase your mailing list by putting our Join My Mailing List button on your website or Facebook page.
Just because you've had some setbacks in your life don't let your doctorams die...because baby your a star 
Looking forward to Chicago trip with my familyBlue Man Group, Museum of Sci  Industry, zoo, planeterium, Navy Pier, etc.
great food!
WOW!!!
we fell off of the twitter train for awhile!!
hey mister jackie you still coming to oahu??..im sorry i didnt post the photos yet!
you beat me to it
Congrats Brewers and Brewers fan!!!
Start your week with positive thoughts...
Have a nice day!
Ahh!
Still Can't!
It says the video has been removed.
: / Can you send it to us using yousendit.
com ?
Decided on the landscape vendor today  VERY exciting!!!!
I Pray For and his haters..
Hooray!
:D Glad to hear it.
and we still have more material to read from today.
Can't wait for SF Zine Fest.
Anyone else going?
Yeah..He think he a ladies man now!
Haha
I can't go...
I gotta eat lol
You bet
: So it's been decided.
Anywhere I live from now on has to be near a Wholefoods, a Starbucks and some decent sushi.
totally!
That sucks!
:.
Can't you stay with her when you go see her in April?
I had a date.
captainin Obvious
Interesting...I'm at the airport with members of the Duke lacrosse team.
slim fit?
Are you trying to alienate 2/3 of the voters?
lol i see tht man , don't go too church like tht .
.
Anyone have a convincing argument as to why we won't be playing hockey in Portland on Wednesday night?
Kathy here, does it make u feel good when ppl tell u that u inspired them??
I hope so cause u have inspired me 2 write songs!!
LUV YA
Your girlfriend wanna nigga like me cause i ain't tryna control her
Thursday  2/17/2011 Hump Day Thursdays  One Up W DJ HUMP
oh really.
good luck.I kno how hard apartment searching can be.if u need any help let me kno.mayb we can get 2gether and catch up
Ride safe this weekend fellow riders!
i've been incognito...but im back!
I love criminal minds!
doctorReid is so smart, doctorol
Last weekend there was a beer garden across the street from my building.
This weekend?
Food truck rally.
Go to Target for a few things, find a few more things, leave with many things.
The walmart in Spring,Tx is clutch.
No kids fucking shit up, no rat bitches, and NO LONG ASS LINES.
Thanks!
RT Congrats 2012 SIIA CODiE Awards finalist Best professorssional Learning Solution Education
Metro Police arrested Bryan Clay in the April 16th double homicide of a mother and her daughter.
When I'm mayor I'll install so many reflective beans in Millennium Park that there'll be enough reflective bean chili for every homeless guy
im died!
Awesome!
And agreed.
There is never enough time...
you cyan handle all tha
Act on it!
When you are facing the unknown, they only way to know anything for sure is to act.
indeed I to suffer from paranoia
A stock market decline is as routine as a January blizzard in Colorado.
If you're prepared, it can't hurt you.
A decline is a great...
super jealous ...
NYC is wet  cold :
cool.
Let me know what happens...I know you will.
Thanks for the RT and the quote...
amazing quote, I wish everyone could read that.
chillen wit my friends has been boring lately, we need to do sumtin new
I just ruined the surprise of seeing the !D dvd.
I just had to see that behind the scenes footage.
Damn.
Now i feel dirty.
worked out, rewrote my paper and don't have any more motivation leftso now lets watch Tabitha Takes Over
Getting better when i go to soccer game!
Help us hit 1k and mobilize Baltimore!
Our 1000th follower gets a 50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna courtesy
youmightberedneck if you put duct tape on a target so it will stick to the wood: that's what I do:
he's pretty good!
:
RT I will keep praying that you ALL learn to use your FREE WILL the right way..
You have became the VICTIM of your OWN CHOIce!
Good Morning Beauties...
productivity is the name of todays game...
Fitting end to 12 hour travel day.
Rental car desks close at midnight.
We landed at 1am.
Doesn't anybody remember laughter?
Arena Football is coming back next year.
We are going to by season tickets to see the Georgia Force.
iPhone 4s commercial with 
MavsLakers Game 2 watch party tonight on ATT Plaza outside American Airlines Center.
Party starts at 8:30 p.m.
Tipoff at 9:30 p.m.
Tweet Fam listen to the tracks and give us feedback
thanks for the RT!
i bought ben and jerry's today...
it reminded me that I owe you a belt and some ben and jerry's.
That is great news.
thanks for sharing.
I hope I never hurt myself, but I know what to do now incase
I gotta call oomf later
i need to get noticed by simonandmartina omfg god please bless me with just this :C
In the lab putting in work.
I am with the GBC and off on a bus tour of Baltimore with Jay Brodie.
you're welcome, my friend.
I wish you many more happy years :
A5: Cos and customers share brands, sometimes each expects more from the than they can deliver
HonestyNight before i started smokin daily i use to hate the feeling of being high
happymomsday !!!
I love my mom because she gave me birth : and for all the things and sacrifices she's done for me.
3
its 350  the cough doctorp foam.
You trying to pay that price fam?
We'll get to work asap
RT A sixyear old just told me, Did you know that when you are sad your skull is still smiling?
I am livid right now!!!
My radio show guest scheduled for today, LARRY STEINMAN flaked out on me and I had to put on a rerun show.
Boo!!!
Now, if only all the categories could be about YA publishing, Broadway, grammar, and the Oscars...
You'll understand why God made those Flyover StatesJason Aldean 
Dam first me and Jaime had a twitter gang now I got two sisters on me :o lmao
doctorPEPPER YEA
Hubbub yeah!
Don't tell her though.
She is a superstar in her own mind!!
:
Looking for 2 MQ System Administrators for IMMEDIATE HIRE!
10 month project in Irving TX.
Must have Mainframe MQ System Administration ex
Tonight was amazing!!!
Leo you were amazing!
Please come back sooonnnnn :D
Sick video
Sandoval with a ground rule double to make the score NL5, AL1 in the bottom of the 7th.
I could really use a fireplace and a hug right about now
Had the perfect day.
Started at then to the pool, down to the strip for the lvme and to Margaritaville.
Life is perfect!
um I'll be one if u follow me
best thing about bomb threats here at pitt over last few weeks: I'm thankful for little things, like getting thru class w/o evacuation.
can we toast to the fact that both our defenses are depressing?
tough choice, both SO good!
can't wait to hear what you think of them!
you all don't day doctornk at spalding?
Lol
Have a humpy hump day.
Love you guys!
aww so cute!
He was my partner last year!
New patCAST tomorrow with  !
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Buddha
I'm feelin that new Mary Mary
Excited about the possibilities!
doing a bunch of nothing!
lol
Grilled cheese day and I have no cheese to grill.
i moved to memphis bro
Are you ready for 2012?
AND i will be working another job, so dont back talk me!
he's Earth's ambassador to the Avengers duhh
definitely.
it takes training to push through that level of uncomfort.
don't you dare say that!!!
Cropsey might be the scariest movie I've ever seen
Hey everyone let's stay focus on our goals.
If you want 2012 to be a impact in life you gotta make the moves to make it happen.
maybe we can run together one day..
I wouldnt run that fast
Fair 'nuff, I'm sold on that.
RT Joseph Gordon Levitt IS doctor Strange.
Accept no substitutes.
John Hawkes for Baron Mordo.
whats that all about?
: Wanna cuddle and be cute all over the place?
c:sure why not?.:
Thank you.
How did you come by the name MusicMuse?
It is wonderful.
Thanks for all your great years as a Packer.
PackerNation is grateful, good luck in the future.
did you see 1D yet?
kellieluvdown announcement at 1 ab my single and video Down start getting excited and tell your friends to follow me please!!!
Luv y'all
I'm proud of my NC Family  friends who fought so hard to defeat Amendment 1  bring equality.
Ashamed of NC's bigotry.
what's goin on?
Hit u when I was in PHL
Thank you for sponsoring the SCCMayor Forum
I just wanna be with you.
Alone.
Twitter talk at lisa10: You can't chatter i with broken fingers.
when will we get another austream?
I NEED TO SEE YOUR BEAUTIFUL FACE3
I told them all to shut the fuck up and looked really pissed and they actually stopped talking.
:P I felt badass.
u make that?
yep, but the sheep will buy it anyways :
Getting ready to watch Aishwarya on Oprah's Next Chapter, even set my alarm so I wouldn't forget.
I love storms, until it knocks out Direct Tv..
Thanks RT : gorgeous smile
Thanks!
I enrolled over the summer.
thanks for the RTs!
Some rockin' tweeps!
and check them out!
Thanks to , will be available next week on Roosevelt Island!
I'm getting the kids getting doctorven link.
Not the CPH trash bin link
ha your right:
no it was not like that...
I called u Saturday evening...
but my u knw what was here
: Larry u kno u would hit that on a wild night and wake up like urkel Did I Do Thatlol!
He's kind of breaking my heart right now.
Might as well get used to it.
40k tournament starting final round!
thanks for the shout!
, we try not to suck, but have rec'd Salem shows...but also the Hipster Puppies release party!
Msg me if you are as bored as I am :
You are a fool!
Hard to believe someone pays you for your opinions.
feature a with me and the girls from doctorgrace now that's hot
Come check out tonight !
Come hang out.
Chris Othic says about PFaD Come see it!...
It's an introspective look at the universe and, ultimately, ourselves.
With handjob jokes!
it was great!!
not quite...
you still need an obscure Community reference for the win
Baby doctorw voice Pussy pussy pussy bet you know what I'm talking about!
If someone passes out in front of you in a Picadilly, would u just walk around and continue to get food sit down and eat?
Any suggested beers to remedy a nasty ear infection?
Girls  I are watching season two of Buffy.
Spike!
went running tonight.
finally!
it's official: I hate my body.
nothing was working right.
and Shankar had doctornkenly asserted that all one needed to bear the world was to transcend reason.
I might be able to help you
We shall see this offseason.
The school's site says that the colors are blue and silver.
oh i no who he is but i never checked him out cuzz internet was too slow lol i shud tho :
Special Olympics:
Hello from Cash Mob Tucson.
great news and ready for a run to augusta
I've often had this fantasy.
Even so much as having a video game called Grocery Store Traffic Cop
are you going back on BB?
my GMD3doctorams include all of us being part of Harry Potter ;
im your only follower wow
Oh yeah that too.
Yeah my coworkers are leaning more towards that side instead of the focusing on work side, lol.
ESPN Michael Jordan spot,
Emotional wreck right now!
thank you cousin of mine'
I don't know what this means.
it was extremely well done, you'll definitely enjoy it!
We used to be such good friends...then I find out you were a Kings fan, haha!
You're whoopin our butts right now though.
:  correction, best tweet in the world my bad :  ...
I like to do bad things
Taking crowd sources transcription a step further by asking ppl to make connections  u.s.
holocaust museum
how is this result working out for you?
:
Just watched Stevie Wonder walk by at NAMM.
So happy today is over!
Check my cuzzzin out on youtube ttylgirlzrock6 and watch her she is crazy lol!!
However I do love that it is tshirt and shorts weather here and in Cleveland it was jeans and winter coat weather
One of the great tragedies of life is that men seldom bridge the gulf between practice and professorssion, between doing and saying
Happy New Year everybody!
2011 is gonna be a good one!
: Can't wait!
My favorite was 5/18: Intrepid Maine Girl.
FWIW.
My old training partner summed it up on my fb wall 2day: nurses are the reason your dumbass is alive ;
Just bought a sweet tshirt from !
Support a great music blog and check them out.
Wondering what the Spring Training Song of the Day is?
I'll give you a hint, it rhymes with pashing smumpkins and a year might be in there
thank you for an amazing shoot!
Hmm...
Interesting start for the
sure!
I'll friend u on Facebook!
If I could find u!
I do, but I'm nowhere near.
:
sweet bud.
welcome to the fabulous world of Twitter.
I wonder what is possible now that you're here!?
RT if you love hot weather.
: 3
So glad its friday.
I'm supposed to start working out but I have no motivation.
I never needed to work out.
Life is what you make of it.
Press on with determination and direction and you will go far.
Set your goals and fly.
10fmymanyflaws i'm to nice and people like to take advantage of that.
that's too funny.
For reals.
I'm doctornk on a Thursday night.
Might try again Friday night.
Thanks Cameron for the support.
cc:
This summer feels so weird, not being at camp...
Send me a message on FB or email:
seems a lot of people i know watch ch 2 news, i had no idea.
don't they get all news from the net?
hope all well by you, too.
Updating story about 5th graders riding on party bus with dance poles after field trip.
Live in newsroom with new info at 4:50
I haven't been in that one in awhile.
But I know the Lex Market one had plenty of sambas in it last week.
: Wysaske said that they want to loan but that bank regulators aren't always as eager.
Regulators r strangling recovery
The Week Ahead: Limited Calendar of Events Focuses on Housing Data
Haha, what a stud!
Keep making us proud and reppin' da jschool
That which is common can be repackaged as private commodity and renetworked.Parikka
Context?
Nationally?
Personally?
Bruce?
Thunder Road.
To find your greatest opponent, look in the mirror.
If you don't know me you can't harm me in any way.
And to to the person or persons who tweeting crap piss off.
Yes, we are open today!
Fresh and hot goodness to make you forget the snow!
As of right now, delivery available also!
Right now, though, this seems as good a time as any to go to bed.
Good night, all!
Americans will vote for ANYONE over Obama?
Let's bring Hitler back to run against Obama.
American ignorance is amazing!
That was the point, doofus.
xo
4th: Cameras in ctroom: several trials in Rock Island; none in fed ct; attys must advise clients they may object
I wish I knew what I wanted.
I do not use Twitter often.
I do use Facebook daily and I am also on Myspace.
But these days it's mostly Facebook and You Tube.
RT : Excellent show with author Eyal Press' book Beautiful Souls.
Real people who do the right thing
Disney's ESPN in Talks With Apple to Expand Digital Access
I lie to myself a lot ..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CJ WATSON!
I'm not worried its all motivation to me.
Life goes on
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.
shoutoutto old boy!!!!
there's a good chap!!!
So happy to finally be on Twitter!
Now I just have to figure out how this thing works.
Are you currently using an executive office as your place of business?
Have you hated your contractor?
Well no more!
We have 5 star ratings on Yelp and google, check them out and love us on your job.
waves at kellie....
hi kellie im pretty sure you are my bestie..lol
Today is a day to figure out who  What you need to cut out of your life to grow
you handled the tricycle quite well.
That was awesome
Old news by now....RIP Ronnie James Dio
fun fact: most people get laid once per year
RT : Isn't it weird how the person you will marry is walking the Earth right now?
If I was in the 18 degree Utah weather I would need the extra hair for warmth!
Hopefully he'll cut it soon!
Biut to turn off pandora but its all time low damned if i do ya dmned if i dont my weakness
Pretty Please!
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
Not Black Not White....
It's Blues on Beale; the melting pot of Memphis
Henrik with 2 great saves at point blank range.
It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians.
Henrik Ibsen
I know all the dads cant wait til fathers day I already heard my neighbor rubbin it in, they wanna be spoiled too
wth u mean by that???
Ready to go home and relax
Thank god its Friday :
Worst house duty?
Recaulking the bathroom!
How the heck do you get the old off cleanly?
I'm getting high just to fight the low...
cause its all I know...
waiting for chrishansen to walk out to the mound to confront derek holland.
6 emails 4 phones.
I'm ready to get voting for Teamisterchee let's keep um out of the bottom 2 they don't deserve to be there at all!
Grizzles still did they thing this year
finds through research: WI owns fall vs battleground Midwest states.
Love autumn colors!
Just taking care of the final details before tonight's Grand Opening.
are you gonna be there?
Goin 2 get my doctorving permit!
ask my brother I even made a titanic model.
It was quite sad.
Yet also awesome
It's a new week at  are you ready to tell your story, East St.
Louis?
;
Cuz all them bitches is
that's just a given!
The option of a private session is perfect for listening to music you're vaguely embarrassed by.
They actually go outside at your library?
I wish.
ya but lots of underfed skinny black comedians who swear every 5th word
love you, too, beautiful.:
When my eye twitches, I feel like a crazy lady.
outofcontextlulz RT : If I didn't love you, I'd strangle you in a minute.
you got it
I watched that first video on your page.
Shit I don't think it's you tho, the guy on the video kind looked like your avatar
Holy crap it's state wrestling weekend.
Pretty mad at myself, the past 11 years I lived for this weekend and this year I completely forgot.
Just when I thought Groupon emails couldn't get more annoying, they're now offering a discounted 
3D Animation certainly became the new fad this year with box office hits such as The Lion King 3D,
Sick of gettin my hopes up for some one to once again to put our plans to the side.
tired of stupid promises.
I wish u wld not ask me shit
Skintastic Medical combines aesthetic know how, experience and a more natural outcome for making Dallas ppl beautiful  real.
9726203223
Finally started reading Ulysses yesterday after close to a decade of cowardice.
: crying watching say yes to the doctorss.
me too!!
I moved to Cleveland for a career that I love.
That being said CLE gets a really bad rap, and is way underrated.
Broncos LB Von Miller wins AP NFL Defensive Rookie of Year award.
Really??
I know I've been in Sonics doctorve thru a good 10 mins for 3 chicken strips
Lawyersyou are the expert in your area of lawTrust the Marketing to uswe are your marketing experts!
That's great!
Have fun.
can you give me a ride home?
but for this tweet, i never would have made the connection!
MT : how about an episode with the Myers brothers?
HELL YEA HELL YEA, FUCKING RIGHT.....
Bittersweet memories s
I'M NOT A PIECE OF MEAT
i just didnt come today what you mean
Thor is such a bitch in his own movie.
Hi DJ.
Do you look for a doctor who will actually spend time with you?
doctor Bucko believes in spending quality time evaluating his patients.
WHEN WE CHILLN
You always think maybe the umpires strike zone is ok until the have the strike zone in the corner showing everyone how bad the umpire is
My work is brilliant .
I am going to throw up now.
hi there stranger :
How are you feeling these days?
Blocking me on Facebook literally does nothing...
yay for Litquake!
Headed to City Lights for Reading Global Culture Through Literary Translation  sounds intriguing, and useful.
I think I just may be in love with
thank God for friends  blessings :
Thank you guys for tuning into we will be back on Monday the whole crew is off to Jamaica...Yup that's how we party!
Oh, hilarious!
U of Iowa.
I took a group of students to hear him speak!
Still here serving.
Please stay tuned for future updates, announcements, and events.
For bookings contact our manager: .
RT : Hell hath no fury like a woman whose husband is an idiot.
I love your background.
Only because the Poreotix are in it.
:
Senate Candidate endorses 999!
Good Man!
Trying to fall asleep deciding if I should listen to some Arcade Fire or STG.
Going to metamora, Indiana tomorrow
Thanks!
I am doing what I can to keep the TEAbaggers out of the State  Congress!
Dont let friends vote GOP
Thank you, !
We are big fans of the 1st Yr MFA exhibition too.
Stay tuned for the 2nd yr MFA show!
yahh it's so beast, it's bangable ;
i get those a lot C:
Will we get a discount on hotel rooms or suites at Mandalay Bay through registration?
It's BBQ time
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama He's not a Republican or a former Republican president!
bahahaha poor you.
:
Do or do not, there is no try Yoda
wow she is also my fav....
Thanks!
I found that personification amusing.
As if..!
Not on libprofessorAFAIK.
I don't trust him as far as I can throw.....with my private parts
that's a gud meal there .do u like to cook
I got 7 my dad do all my tattoos
lol start TODAY,I have..well hopefuly, im going out for dinner tonight.
in my car i keep trying to shift geers with right hnd
Ernie Johnson compares Russell Westbrook to Sally Jesse Raphael with the glasses.
EJ is very underrated in his brilliance.
What was peaceful about today?
And here we go!
bra are yall getting those flight ones
I just don't think that you have to be friends first to be something else
amen to that.
Wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body.
it's okay..
has no game anyways
home of the blues
goes good.
How are you  mister Sprecher?
Thanks for The Follow  FreeSliceVegas
she wasn't the only one in a wheel chair though she was the only one complaining
only a person without boob holders would say that
Glad to hear the tough stuff went okay.
Du schaffst es.
RT : Q2.
Who controls a product's brand?
WGBiz
I am my own person!!!
Great Budweiser spot featuring patriotism.
see Intel community problems on having Forked code and having trouble pushing their updates or merging new versions
Whoa that Half Italian place is amazeballs.
Trivia Night is TONIGHT!
We can't wait to meet everyone and to have them meet the talented students!
I pray I'm nt rude to them kids today since it is almost 2am
Its no secret that the Internet loves Pinterest.
Now, most users are even spending more time, on average, pinning than they are on...
I cannot wait to be back in the library, studying, and listening to my homework playlist.
I'm ready for this semester off to be over.
me either, I am so stress free because of you!
Thanks in advance and see you Friday!
Crashing Pancakes
Don't worry, this is visit 2 to the star wars shop today
I CAN'T WAIT TO FUCKING MOVE AWAY.
When calls me and goes I'm your biggest fan 
Dying is easy.
Living is hard.
A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan I
Pepsi 300,000 employees w 150 friends on FB  a great network for co.
to leverage, not to shutdown Forbes post soon.
So, L i goin' 2 sleep here 2day and 2morrow I'm not goin' to the The Voice 09' Consert...I'm sleepin over at L instead :
Stranded on 69 south.
What a fantastic Friday night.
If A
82 sure feels like Spring in northwest Ohio.
Teen witnesses brutal murder in an iPad video shows group of Italian nuclear talks stop Gupta seeks to decide.
Caleb, student in a Mesquite alternative school, says he is placed in school for a crime he didn't commit.
No due process, he says.
Beautiful girl, on top of the world.
Dont fall down, because an angel should never touch the ground.
JayZlucifer........yeah, i need that song right now.....
Yes we are always looking to expand.
We are looking to get into retail shops around the country.
wikileaks I am pretty sure ya'll have an agenda.
It doesn't vibe altruistic.
I don't trust anyone, ya'll get equal treatment.
Take a look around
My son wakes up gettin into shit

Wanting To Text You But,  Waiting For You To Reply Back To The Last Text I Sent.
np Johnny Cash  Hurt.
Yep probably the best cover ever done.
enjoy the well earned wine and happy writing!
We get it, your ass is big.
But how'd you get famous?
Sucking ray j 
Well, Zenimax did fight for the Fallout MMO rights, but I'm not sure they can do full production on two MMOs at once.
Happy spring quarter to all of our therapist's in our training program!!!
It is estimated that coffee arose in an Ethiopian district called Kaffa.
its sportshangover day for me, yesterday chocked fullo incredible news, picqued life for awhile  today the usual rhythm it seems
I can't wait for the semester to end.
Have so many things to do.
hating yourself is not the answer.
Time to fire up Saint's Row 3 again before I start plotting out the paths of trains because this Mass Effect crap is too depressing.
Oh yeah.
Thanks.
Walker's a crook.
he brought dirty politics to MKE County.
Tipoff is in 10 minutes.
Wish I was at the house but I am a good big sis.
Laughing out loud to something you see online 
Finally!!!
I have been saying he needs one for the longest!
You should make her just like him and make Shaun jealous!
Why every body at me tonight
I see HOPE......a day that is lived in LOVE
You can save 5 to 15 on your heating bill by turning your thermostat back 10 to 15 degrees for eight hours
you know what!!!!!!
hahaa I'm so stupid its to even funny
RT : Really looking forward to being at pdf12!!
Please become my friend on Facebook too and become a fan of Knockout Incorporated.
www.knockoutincorporated.com www.miari.com
Slept through 1st 2 classes.
Listening to a speaker who thinks..no, knows shes a witch.
Oh and I hear my car just got a boot.
Awesome day.
Jansen was lights out...
Should have let him at least start the ninth
Watching Dollhouse for the first time.
My God is beautiful.
Good show for far.
lucky!
Wish I could go, pricemobsters love the theatre!
Get your calendar order in today!
If the Red Bulls RBNY win their midweek game what day next weekend will they they host a playoff game?
Any ideas?
Somebody want to tell the Thunder that the game started 40 minutes ago?
Got Taste For Some Shrimp
Can the PAC12 spot UCLA 21pts for their upcoming PAC12 Championship game vs.
Oregon?
Yikes!!
can't wait for dead phones band practice with
Great read.
Excited to learn that will have a pub featuring 8 taps of local beer!
Already working on scheduling a pghbeermeetup!
: Keep your hands clean.

Robert Garcia anyone?
doctorgnet: Wooden acting, bad dialogue, in a documentary format.
It doesn't make sense.
But I can't stop watching it.
i follow waaaayyyy too many patriot fans on here....wtf is the matter with me?
Home now!!
BBQ was aweful!!
Giant tree branch fell in Marks yard, then he found out 2 of his relatives are dead!!
!WTF!!
Bad luck!!
: enjoying life ne Welcome to twitter I bet SA has opened your eyes ah!!!when r u coming back??
how's the workouts going so far with Manning
It's not a heart breaking loss, Mariners deserve to lose because they can't finish it.
I just want to do
Yes, that would make a difference wouldn't it, Queens vs.
Midtown Manhattan.
:
itsalwaystheuglypeople, that make a difference, and are more interesting, because they have to try harder!
OMG.
your name's hannah?!
we have so much in common.
WOAH!
Minnesota could have a great young lineup with Hamilton..
Going to be the biggest sleeper of this doctorft.
Let's see how they go here
singing to oomf on the phone.
I know Rite They Make It Look Like They Never Had Acne A A Teenager
Rhythm  Jazz Radio hit a milestone of sorts today, gaining its 300th follower here on Twitter.
Good to see the good word is getting around!
There are those who make things happen, There are those who watch things happen and There are those who say What the fuck happened!
what the fuck?
I will turn up for my friend tonight
Conceivian holiday party starting in a couple of hours.
A little bit longer;  i'll be fine :'
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 1118 calories!
on 4/9/12 at 1:34 PM
I just want to say FUCK YOU to Oakland University.
I pay good money to attend here and I can't find a parking spot  6pm.
thanks, Sam.
enjoy your personal leaning tower of pb

please follow
seriously.
Everywhere.
2012c19 Travis's class created page on Our Nig from scratch; expanded Harriet Wilson page from stub.
wait, do the ones you took of me 2 years ago count????
you're going to kill it, dude!
Mary Kate!
The headband should have tipped me off.
Blegh My only way to coffee is to venture through 26degree weather....Anyone want to bring me some?
;
Stalking Tom Brady on Intrepid's Flight Deck.
Just a perk of the job.
come in this Wednesday to our Bellevue Nomu Lounge for our final night of Trivia!
oh no!
Lol
I aspire to be close enough buds with Zach Randolph that I can call him not ZBo but Zeebs.
wowzers!
i so wish too: but, seeing you in vegas will make up for it...this year anyways ;
Coral Springs Investment Property for  195,000 The current rent is  1495 per month
have a great day Jentifa
Yes please
Is your dad telling stories again?
It was a long time ago and I was real doctornk...well, let's just say it's a penetrating tale!
another hackweek.
another mostawesomedayofmyworkingcareer.
saw this AM, hilarious!
OH loooowwwd!!!
I'll add more
The Oregonian's Canzano with the silver lining: Oregon has 18 of its 22 starters returning, could be Pac10 favorites next year.
Just registered for timeline webinar.
Going to try to listen in on my lunch break Tommorrow
RT : My partner in success the one only rt: Now following gt; !
Just saw Reanimator the Musical last night and I kind of want to see it again already.
Was so much fun.
damn!
Can u teach me that trick cuz my cooch be zzzzzn!
About to hit the air!
Tune in  WWLTV Channel 4 in New Orleans.
What a weekend!
Thanks for all those who stopped in before the game.
One more to go tonight!
Few hours into this paper and already four and half pages into it.
Aka, time for me to retire to sleep and continue in the morning.
tell everyone about my intense thriller a new species of Python in Florida n they will learn best sex maneuvers only 7.89 amazon
Sounds restorative!
Where are you?
Just wondering if I'll see you between now and then.
thanks!
See you then!
RT : We will have a total of 45 branches by sept 21.
We are open for franchising.
Sounds good...
marking you in my calendar.
Night!
Please follow : les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER : siganla :D eso.
:L
On a totally different note: clowns and antique dolls are creepy.
why so discouraged?
i know he is a terrible rebounder, but at least he is a real listed 7 footer and not soft at all.
thanks baby!
just heard a bad news a boy named martin commited suicide becuz he was a belieber bullied ripboybeliebermartin !
Wake up time is money lol
AWW I love it!!
When to call the doctor for menopausal symptoms  Newsolio
It was not.
Just some sleazy looking dude that I wanted to stomp on.
yeah too bad we know how that turned out now.
well i got him one thought i didnt have enough till i saw 3 people bought cds from me
If anyone knows any places i can preform post it to my page please.
Need some music to start your day....
Check out Yelle and their track Safari Disco Club!
O.o
A rare, memorable moment.
Congrats to boy and the Bucknell Bison on their HUGE win over Arizona last night in the NIT!!
Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go, the more I think about u the more I wanna let you know that everything you do is super duper cute
hi babe
: so proud
La Porte is so boring!
Look at his cute outfit!!
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just saw Midnight In Paris...
at work.
I wonder if one day, someone will make a similar movie about Ham Lake?
One more week until the Little Brown Jug!
Can't wait.
Hope the weather is cool and doctor.
Probably wishful thinking.
Wow....really..the things ppl do n say...
Just booked 2 gigs in Akron and possibly more!
Get ready now AK!!!
Trying out 's pozole recipe tonight.
She says, 'add a little of this and that I have to follow the recipe.
How are u that faded that u doctorwn in a bath tub???
Wish she could have got some help
nice win vs nuthunter 66 at 50/100 3 tables.
flopped a ton of top pairs ran great.
now trying to win a tournament...
what are you when you are with me.
Please tell me.
Fresh market coming to 4th st st Pete can trader joes be next?
So excited about celebrating my birthday with the premiere of the Hunger Games tonight.
The kid and I are sharing celebration.
hit me up over email.
info at  delofted dot com
lol ur da one who wanted to chat with me
Its officially time to retire the jeep.
of course, Brewers could go the onthestreet free agent route.
I'm sure everything is in play for Melvin
I dont love him like you do!
I was shocked by how utterly magnificent the game was and how brilliantly they paid homage to the original story, look and feel.
Dear Seahawks, run the football.
It's worked to this point, so don't go away from it.
Thanks.
It really will not sink in until this fall.
took you that long huh??
lol ok let me potty first lol
The May issue will be on newsstands tomorrow, be sure to check out some fabulous homes in this issue!
i get hungry at the most random times.
make that im hungry at all times.
my box of FrostedFlakes is about to be emptied.
lolol!
love it!
:
The Yankees won, the Red Sox lost and I had sushi for dinner.
Today was awesome.
same thing happened to my mother's used book store.
hurricanes in 2004 and 05 wiped out FL's money then recession hit and she closed.
see article from previous tweet.
Has all the data.
Here's one for every weekend Bubba.
No stonefaced silence for this guy.
Cry on, dude.
Live is so extraordinary.
One moment can change everything
Time for a relaxing spa bath, cup of wine, some candles and my thoughts.
Little sisters First Communion.
Some people need to grow the fuck up...
visit our page and get a 10 off Coupon on top of the already low prices when sign up www.facebook.com/perfumeseven
You killed it today hpc thanks to every person who made serve madison happen!
for what?
not an article but: Erik Seeman, The HuronWendat Feast of the Dead: IndianEuropean Encounters in Early North America
Great pic!
What's your favorite Pie?
is there practice
Can someone flash me with that Men In Black pen so I can forget about being a type snob and just enjoy a nice evening out?
Marbles Brain Health Expert Says: Infunitum activates the hippocampus, the memory center of the brain...Get it today!
Solo and Ensemble today.
: that was me.
Dave day
PS by pretty okay I mean I LAUGHED, I CRIED, I EXPERIENCED EVERYTHING I WANTED OUT OF A GIANT MOVIE AND JOSS YOU SHOWED THEM FK YEAH!!!!!
Sunday, June 13  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Guest: Eyal Feldman  Boy Butter Prod.
Listen: latalkradio.com  Channel 1
Albuquerque: noon2pm TODAY!
Chronicles new location!
Bring nonpersh food for the Storehouse!
Prize wheel loadedCDsDVDsNewsboys tix!
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want.
Zig Ziglar
Looking forward to watching...preseason football?
Sadly, yes I am...
GOOD NIGHT GUYS!!
3 I love youu!!!
they'd understand why Gpd made those fly over states.
I'm wearing a polar bear suit.
no, too late, can't change your mind.
says one of the best bugets in a long time.
Rescue email launched.
See if that helps.
Last day in Napa  onto DENSI tomorrow.
Looking forward to meeting everyone.
well let the emotion push you to your best time!!
GOOD LUCK!!
girl they'll get it down!
Hello!
Hope you are doing ok.
:
The Hunger Games is the best book ever!
Good Night Friends  LIVE LOVE LEARN LAUGH 8D
Anyone who calls themselves an American should know what happens on the first Saturday of every May.
Don't forget to visit Lectora booth 101 at astdtk12.
Stop by and meet the eLearning team, including !
Fela!
is a really good play and everybody should go see it!
I'm proud to be Nigerian!
Dude I just really wanna meet ya!
Wow what part of love thy neighbor do you NOT understand?
Even when facing arrest Jesus condemned violence.
Your heart is stone
i had to get on the website
Love TheBachelorette Emily's soft tousled hairstyle.
So pretty and stylish.
Her daughter is adorable.
Nothing is better than being a mom.
Building a monster
No action, no change.
Limited action, limited change.
Lots of action  Change occurs.
Catherine Pulsifer
Decided to buy and ship a wedding gift to the bride before the wedding.
One less thing to carry.
Why haven't I thought of this sooner?!
how cute :
downtown US BAnk should be able to :
I really don't think I can talk to you after that...that shit ain't something you joke around with...
Watched twitter101 from and thinking about the possibility of using it for live anonymous brainstorming in a ILT
You are my favorite player ,i look up to everything you do.
You most explosive person ever!
Are there any tips to jumper higher?
Plastic acquisition!
New bling coming soon........
w/ the Stuart clan for Ma Stuart/Mothers Day :
My boyfriend doesn't even know how much trouble he's gonna be in tomorrow for falling asleep on me.
oh my god i would die of happiness
whom you skype there?
is for me to add
nope never heard of em, I'm stubborn when it comes to listening to local artist...that's something I gotta work on tho
Its Official Bottom's Up On 19th Ave  Cambell in Phx, AZ.
Its Going Down.
Will Be In The Building.
doctornk Special
can't do wednesdays  tuesdays?
Sure thang.
: RT : could you RT the first on from my favs?
It would help me out.
Thanks!
:
New goal: my next job interview will be for a real, full time job or in a field I WANT to work in.
i love being eighteen :
Morning guys : x
No specific leads, but may be able to point you in the right direction.
oh really?!
Which one?
Cause I stay in racetrac chyle!
a real gangsta ass nigga plays his cards right
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere.
They're in each other all along.
Oh no I'm sure he's expecting a monetary gift for his great achievement  The Hubby is his godfather as well as uncle.
:
Oh Matt we need to speak to you about BestBuzz we will change your mind, I promise :
go FAVRE!
Yawn Please tell me something I don't already know.
'tis me : 
Traffic is ungodly terrible today
Cheers Jay!
Hope u dig the tunes and the video.
We gotta find these guys.
Please help us spread the word.
This year has been one of the most interesting of my life thus far.
So I am officially in love with Yoga I cant wait to start seeing and feeling results!!
I was just thinking earlier it's been a long time since I did a live hit at Grady  well guess where I am tonite?
RT : .
for event on innovation  technology in/for WesternMa w/  others
Haha!
We're getting there!
I Hate Thirsty biatches
Had a great time at yesterday's video shoot for a local artist.
Looking forward to scoring and doing post work for the project.
Next step...Tebow needs to learn to look for that check down throw.
Open on many, many occasions.
I don't wear enough flair.
No more groups/projects, it's all done.
Just got finals coming up and it's smooth sailing from there.
A heavy weight is off my shoulders.
Thanks!
Will do.
I really appreciate it!
They are all very helpful!
I'm glad I have someone helping me out
i'm gonna try to get him here
I need like 38 more Followers ....
Please help ?:
you already know!
I'll be back on tueday!
I work buy I'll let u know when I'm off
No pressure on Cutler.
C'mon D line.
What did mister.
Baumgarten do?
ROYAL BLUE!
We hope you found it interesting and useful!
Hey Wendys, can I get some sprite with my cup of ice next time..
Thx
Happy Birthday to us!
4/11, best day of the year.
who knew we'd have porch parties in college
Maybe E will contribute.
Yesterday he suggested my need to fix my PREMIS plan distracts me from your aquamarine eyes.
Appreciate it fam
Idk i don't mind armpit hair on my homos.
The tiger didn't go crazy, the tiger went tiger lol
Fear prefers us uncomfortable and lonely so it can do its best work.
Hi tweety birds.
I'm having dinner in the south end.
Just ordered gelatti and capucino.
How european.
Hey girl!: Did you really doctorw those graffiti things??
the BroadStreetBullies will for sure show up at the next game!
I LOVE YOU CHINA AN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE ;
hope all is well.
Take care.
There are times when people need kind words, but then there are times when they need a bat to the head.
no problem.
I'll enjoy sleeping for you too.
hahaha nahh Zach will just have it come to him as a surprise XD
The first American bicycle race took place on May 24th, 1878 in Boston, Massachusetts
It's a buttinchair night.
I'm set to write for a few hours.
Looking for some good chickpea recipes...
Any suggestions beyond hummus?
watching scrubs when I should be coding
Hello, Darius Miller!
doctorve with Hassan for a few hrs last night around the edge of Bethlehem.
Saw the settlements, caravans, wall, and tunnels creeping in
It's time
hey can you follow :?
You here?
I write m/m fiction.
:
does anyone use myspace anymore?
Less than an hour of 2011 left..
I really liked this year...
yea so did pitt, and we beat em
Congrats to TR Board Member on the birth of his daughter Tatum!
Jean, unselfish fidelity
Friday nights are always good:
But I'll Brb Later Twitter Finna Go Back To Sleep No School For Me'
Hey twitter fam I miss y'all much.
What it is
been doctornking from a clean red solo and programming so large, stack overflow
Why do you think so many NBA players doctorve Maseratis?
Whenever you're ready, you know where to find us!
Do u like or dislike Edge?
You're welcome guys!
I've been a fan for a long time.
My husband and teen boys love your music too.
We all are excited!
Things I learned in school: 1.
How to whisper 2.
How to text without looking 3.
How to look like Im paying attention.
lol.
Dude I barely get on I'm too sick too do anything blahh....
no alcohol related traffic deaths in our state this year.
police will have a high professorle tonight.
Follow Me Tuu Gain!!
Yes.
Still working on small details.
: Hey are you guys planning a pub crawl for Halloween?
Somebody tag Antonice to this and ask her what the HELL Issuu is.......
Preview for Justified was sweet too.
I'm psyched for January 17.
shout'n back at you ...a lil late though ..my bad
Only at Pinkberry in Chelsea would someone ask, Do you need a top?
and the guy would look at me and say, Well, do we?
Kobe leave the bench before the game ends.
That's why we think he is a piece of shit.
Manu had a broken fucking nose!
Are you celebrating any upcoming events?
Are you in charge of organizing a corporate event?
Let us know and we can help you out!
Just RT/DM
follow back
That's pretty cool!
I was on a reality show called Fightskool 2 and Tito Ortiz came to train with us as well as Frank Mihr
Went to my ex husbands mothers to let the kids go
This here Givenchy, 900 dollar jeans homie.
All these girls be raunchy like let me seen your peen homie.
We can help you out with that!
We'd love to have you stay with us, Cynthia.
wow I didn't know it was that much.
Yeah I won't be paying for tickets.
I'll consider it when free ones are offered.
I'm not feeling summer being over.
We have a frost advisory in effect tonight.
yeah exactly.
even if you memorized it, it was still tough as hell.
Hello tweeters today's quote is: It's not enough to do our best; sometimes we have to do whats required.
Tweet!
Tweet!
Never save money with no cause  never spend it without something to show for it.
since you've been gone, i just don't know what to do!
Sad I didn't get a WWDC scholarship, but grateful for the rejection email.
1 it was awfully nice 2 saves me from checking email til 12am
and you will never have another like me yeah
Thanks!
Yes, I will be at MSA with bells and network graphs on.
Any hardworking undergrads looking for an internship in downtown Austin?
Duties include helping w/ outreach  event logistics.
Let me know.
Like the look send something in English
Happy New Years!
Much love for 2012!
Stop by and see us, we would love to see you!
Why do I have the strangest doctorams?!
idk make one?
Ha
Pissed we lost
I agree, much better!
RT : came home to a full tank of gas  an oil change.
Black Explotation Award: Mc Donalds with the Chill Talk Commercial during the NBAPlayoffs Can we say Liquid Diabetes Juice?
Thanks for the prayers.
, how are your folks?
shout out to my 600th follower!!
How much longer til I get verified hah.
But really though...
Last night I doctoramt a man had 2 dig up my floor b/c a mermaid was trapt n our pipes  he could hear her better when he was nude.
My 1st followfriday in a while: Film Fans
You're way too young to play these games.
Tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me
just owned my life.
Now back to the to try and catch VHS.
I love how i just found out someone hacked my twitter and put nasty shit up their ....
it happened last month...
!!
My poor, poor TurDubs!?:
justin is nominated for 5 teen choice awards?
that's my boy.
Sleep late, hav fun, get wild, doctornk whisky  doctorve fast on empty sts w/nothin in mind but falin in love  not getting arested HST
same thing happened when I doctoramt about you ; 21
Solidfire says that disk based controllers are very busy dealing w/1001000 disks but with SSDs not as busy
I wonder what it's like to have a tail
Big Sean is in Memphis.
Oh yeah.
i figure im done chasen these hoes im only chasen my doctoram
thank you for the follow Allie
There is nothing reduced about the quality of these accessories though
Moderating a mobile focused panel for refreshDC in April.
Heavy developer focused.
Want input of what's on your mind so I can incorporate
hm text mee :
Reading and taking notes about new web developments.
Quite interesting.
Ladies Always Remember Too Refresh Your Pussy Before Refreshing Your TL 
yeah but it works the other way too look for the good things and you will see more even when you r behind on bills like me
Everyday is a great day for pizza!
We're making pizza and garlic knots all day!
Stop by for the best pizza you'll ever have
lucky.
I forget which white guys you're thinking about focusing on researchwise?
Online applications are great, but take the time to also submit a targeted cover letter.
Shows you thought about the job.
How does one know when they are truly in love, is it base on the things they do for you or is it the unwilling desire fill in a empty void
people are often innapropriately physically compelled by attraction, people try to touch the tattoos on my arms all the time.
Good read as a follow up to the Nielson Report about Latinos  mobile.
what did he do now?
Don't try to figure out what other people want to hear from you; figure out what you have to say.
Ours does, but Twitter is so slow there that I've stopped using it.
Plus my informal surveys say that not many use Twitter.
Fun times playing at The World Cafe Live and The Fire was asked to perform for both places!
Im doing a 30  40min set AND a Halloween show!
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in California!
veggie burrito
starting 2 follow lots of Pittsburgh startups, software,  tech ppl.
amazed how much talent we have here!
Cant wait 2 learn ab them all
I'm thinking Jan 612
RT : Sentiment analysis of comments can be a better predictor of opinion than ratings
I AM A STRONG, INDEPENDENT INDIVIDUAL!!!!
Thanks!
I love geeing out about information to the right crowd!
:
Is there anything better than a chicken sandwich on a beautiful, sunny yet windy day?
I didn't think so.
Midnight in Paris is 17 in Barnes  Noble's DVD sales list and 24 in Barnes  Noble's Bluray sales list.
lames:o Who?
how do you no??
yup I hate to blow out candles!
But early am for me!
She Hungry I'm Hungry We All Hungry
The recent use of social media as a tool for activism and the subsequent censoring of dissidents' voices on the Internet by opposing...
Delaware State University GoHornets!!
RT RETweet if you LOVE your HBCU
very excited about the Outsidelands lineup, can't to be in San Francisco again...
Stevie Wonder, Metalica, Foo Fighters, Norah Jones, unreal
Is your puppy PRIDEful?
Join   celeb judges for the hottest party on the parade route.
7/16 9am.
sadly, people didn't know about this until 30 minutes ago.
I wrote a song about it last year.
Tweet me a number and I'll rate your icon, BG and bio 3
Friday Night!
more...A LOT MORE...to come around 845am!
stay tuned!!
in Glen's defense no one knew of the line up change.
Not even the Mets guys.
I was in the booth with them.
Daniel Shak Just Misses Out on Top Spot Pennsylvanias Shak miss out on a combination doctorw with just one card remaining.
thanks for the RT!
It was great to see this Agile team in action.
Team feelings are often overlooked.
Perfect weekend morning: rainy weather, soy latte, and The American President
Mason Alert: 8/23/11 All activities and classes are canceled across all campuses of Mason.
Can you email links or docs?
I'd be keen to follow the whole project
i love you.
today was the best day ever!!!!
thx for helping spread the good word...
more changes coming to the events pages today....stay tuned.
Sitting in demo limbo.
Argghhh.
All I knw is....
This chick betta bring her azz to work today!!
Messin up my wrk dayz of doin nuttin cause u wanna play sick
statement from says club is in shock, asking everyone to stop what they're doing and send their prayers to Junior and his family
I have written an opinion about Christie's mandates for education.
Anyone know where I can submit it?
magazine?
newspaper?
what do you think of mayo?
my mom isn't even home?
fuck that.
i'm going to the pirate game then.
thank you!!!!
So happy to be part of the club!!!
ill text you
Playing tonight!
Club Garibaldi.
Headlining the show, but come early and commiserate!
we should hang out tomorrow .
and me are at Disneyland running a tally of grumpy old people in mouse ears.
Total: 8
good morning!
: is today the day you follow me?!
Desire a nude discount getaway 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
Thank you for all you do.
Your commitment is inspiring.
Thank you, too for organizing the
wippn hot hot hot colors!!!
call today to set your appointment!!
Hope you had a nice fucking day
DAVID I AM LISTENING TO THAT SONG RIGHT NOW, HOW WEIRD
o gosh..
Dont even get me started
I want some Orange
Thanks cutie!
Missed u too :
u got the point...thats more imporant
I'm so hungry
GOGOL BORDELLO !!
Seriously awesome.
In my 7 am delirium, imagined I got an email from a specific party with a specific message.
11 am, no email.
Am I crazy?
Don'tAnswerThat
I think the dinosaur thing is going on at the same time.
as chocorama
iam goona put it some other day no less than 2 weeks i am so very sorry ill try to finnish at least 1 story today no promises
Holy hell does sound incredible.
I think that everyone is pinching themselves right now !
Wow.
: Game7Have To Ball This Game
life is bout to get krazy!!
:o
Dancing in the mirror
Ugh work.
Kms.
I haven't heard of .
Will check it out!
I'm watching rivals right now!!
Finals are over!
Yeah!
well everyone has there own opinions, you're just the first person I know that thinks she's fine lol.
Thank YOU for the fuel!!
: thx for letting us be proudcoffeesponsors for BlogathonATX 2012  u guys rock!
It's a Big10 thing I respect it
Everything cost alots of money here!!!!
my rent is over 1,000
It's Friday, what food are YOU excited to get into this weekend???
I'm  Borders 4 JB meet n greet but cast is late.
What a great day at the course!
I think Brad likes you.
I was just thinking that you loved the daughter so much, you typed dilf, completely forgetting that you couldve meant dad
Darn, how did I miss seeing you?
: Hope you had a fun bashh!
are you guys watching the police chase in LA?
A girl walks up to the tow truck getting chased for his autograph when he stopped?
LoL
I didn't see her today.
She's at our intake building  living with 1 of the other 5 dogs we brought up frm SC.
Visit Monday.
how is your enchilito?
word for word answer...Absolutely super fricking maaavelous!
Love our loyal customers !
Newt referred to three wives.
Assuming his.
OH, BY ALL MEANS LADY WHO'S COLD WITH A BLANKET.
JUST GET OUT THE WAY.
GEEZ YOU GUYS BLOW
Lyon: By bursting into journalist's breakfast time at hotel, Alobeidy creates space for engagement, creates shared interest.
thanks, if only they would pick me :' x
that is awesome thanks!
will email soon
RIP Amy Winehouse dang.
rehab mighta been a better way to go.
sdmayornp housing first to deal with homelessness
come get yo computer
There are some people Ive met out here that I wouldnt believe had existed even in Narnia.
I wonder if male ladybugs have daily identity crises.
Hey everyone go to fashionbaggage fan page and press like!
Is it weird that I sleep in my Team Iceland shirt every night?
Thanks for the follow:it means alot!:hope U have a Good day today:Smile:it makes U happy  the people around U smile too:
kinda tired c;
Haha.
Being from Evanston I totally know the feeling.
It's a pain : we literally do only get 2 seasons: winter  construction
not yet but if I can sell me first gen then maybe.
The tests can be stressful.
I've been thru more than I can count and still get nervous.
Nice to meet you.
HAchat However, ePatients /activists need to help docs sift through mediocre/crappy communities to find a great one
son turned 21 todayglad to have him come by to celebrateproud of him as he finishes math degree and coaches at my schoolhe is growing up
Waiting for the big game to start!
GO ROCKETS!
me too.
Beauty sleep starts at reasonable hours for me after that I can't promise much lol
You Lookin Too God ,Wat You Standin Over There All By Yourself For
We'll have to see him in Vegas later in the year.
did you see any kangaroos?:
I'm following and still learning how to use it lol
it was beautiful!: and love y'all too3
It's a sign of my OCD...
sounds good.
Vegas XFactor fans we are running Melanie Amaro's performance at the beginning of FOX5 News at 10.
The mistake was made outside our station.
whats the link!
Not everything is what it seems ...
Sorry baby : .
obviously Not playing things would have been much diff
True to his brand: says skip new boxed settoo expensive.
Buy Louis Armstrong set instead
What is your motto?
yeah buddy.
When are y'all going up there?
I don't deny he sensationalized things, but I see worse on Reuters, USAToday, etc.
every day.
It's hypocritical for them to judge.
I have a problem with pants :X
you give us a dollar I give 10
ready to get confirmed?!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Viewed from the summit of reason all life looks like a malignant disease and the world like a madhouse.
Our 200th Twitter follower on the day our new website launches!
Thanks for follow, wild picture
I'm really impressed with the ender doctorgon
Thx to for speaking at spectrum12 Leadership Day
Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.
if you can find me a ride there then i will go 3 : LOL
Monty designed a codec that did something like that before Vorbis.
I'm not sure he finished it.
Safety can be achieved with a VM.
Thanks, and you are the MMA Diva!
Are you playing Singapore?
Want a chance to win 2 tix to the first round of the NFLdoctorft ?
Just RT this and follow for your chance to win!
Thanks to all who supported this year's Umpqua Bank Challenge  we can't wait to do it again next year!
Recipe: Chocolate breadandbutter pudding with roasted pears  Otago Daily Times
Basant is as much Our heritage as Holey  Divali but u already know that :
Well done
this is not Publix turron this is Cuban palacio de Los jugos turron .
The very sugary sticky one lol
Tests came back and found like 9 things wrong with me.
Some of it explains a lot esp.
the pain...
love it!
Shopping spree for my mom
Never be the fool
I love chicken tikka massala my favorite foreign dish
Ok..will mark my calendar.
Thx
U wish so, I am here to stay.
RT : Ding dong the witch is dead
I am I got something for her
Walking home with the fancy cause my tire is brokes...
2am stoles are romantic...
tow and spending money seems to be on tom.
Agenda.
Woop.
HOLY SHIITTAAKEEEEEE.
HAHAHA.
THIS IS AMAZING.
And we were just talking about it!!
:D
MasterClass LOVED tonight MasterClass.
This one should be in every classroom in America.
I grew up in the same era  same values.
Hey, you didn't accidently trip and crush Stan Lee the other day did you?
I hear Marlyn burns still won't do conventions...
hahaha RT : I don't have a doctornking problem I have a doctornking passion.
Yeah I need to hit the Gym ASAP, then maybe I can be a guest star in one of your videos!!
lol
not a bad monday.
diggin this sunny weather
My hands are itching for the chance
welcome to twitter
Everyday!
RT : Q1 Foodiechats How often are you eating Organic Food?
ur first time gettin hi was at a 311 show
: Them bitches from CollegeWithDegrees be giving StupidDumpHeadcall it sharing knowledge
she is adorable!
So big.
When I find myself feeling negative, I will choose to look for the good.
I know that what I focus on expands in every area of my life.
chicago vacation so soon with
lol I wasn't calling you Martha Burke, I was pointing out the Masters is commercial free because of her.
These people are starting to piss me off!
I've been pretty bad at twitter lately.
Apologies to the three people that actually care about my prose.
Aside from the amount of times you've said swag today, I'm proud of you!
Please stay clean, my life is incomplete without you.
What does that tell our black men who's already struggling in the gay world!!
Looking forward to hearing from at the headquarters today.
Anyone have questions?
Annoyed, sad, depressed, pissed, irritated, heartbroken, unhappy.
Words to describe my feelings.
Awesome!
thanks!
will be released on May 19, 2011.
Assassination is an extreme form of censorship.
On the days where specific activity is not noted, Darrell will be on rides to various locations in length from 5001000 miles.
The amazingly insane analysts who keep making predictions about AAPL's downward fall are qualified as candidates for the GOP nomination.
Time takes pleasure in kicking our asses...
the cop had stoppd a car on the side of freeway ramp and i was goin 60.
He said i shouldve slowed down by him and i had warrants
he might be done for life
DenverBroncos coach John Fox on hearing the news about Peyton Manning joining the team: I almost pulled both hamstrings.
Niggas is thirsty.
I'm not a whore.
i'm not a slut.
i'm a model.
how many times do i have to repeat that?
how'd you guys do today?
no one would answer lol
It's not in her range.
She's can a pretty deep meow; she's more of a contralto.
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never.
Selena Gomez: Be yourself.
Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love.
Selena Gomez
hate to hear you lost but classic story.
Howzit?
If u love Entertainment ThemeParks Bars Nightclubs Pubs StripClubs Parties NFL NBA MLB NHL Follow us
per my husband who is the 1 Bucks fan, Super Sid and Marcus Johnson.
Sent one during Precon.
Will that work?
amazing shoot this am!!!
I love my cows.
You made great models.
Who feels like SUBWAY for dinner?
We have subs, salad and pizza.
Come get your favorite.
Eat fresh.
time to make breakfast lol
she brings a whole new meaning to the term inflation
Please sign in  propose/vote on sessions to create our schedule!
: Ask if you have ?s about the process!
I hope Dawson and Bettis get their yellow jackets today.
bet.
Ima check it.out when I get it.
FINALLY, time to relax  sleep!!
Better believe tomorrow I plan on sleeping in!
Queen style, flanked by pillows.
congrats on making it to the DWTS Finals.
PackerNation loves you
Budget Summit for Fall 2012 complete!
Keep an eye out for budgets from your commissioners early this week
I hate it when I lose my Chapstick 
Just added the honey, wheat extract, and 2lbs of wheat DME.
truth thank you.
Just got out of class.
hope you are having a spatacular weekend
seems like it..
very much so
Tonight is our Bourbon tasting!
Taste, learn, enjoy bites  more!
Phone reservations  5032482100.
See you there!
thanks for the clarification.
Makes a great deal more sense now.
Shit JUST grinding
I forgot how great a movie Moonstruck was.
Ahh yes, you will be missed.
WHo knows what we will crash this year in
ye.
That kids gone.
Haha so u gon be at schaumburg next year
Great!
Thanks for the note.
It was fun to work with you.
I know some local friends that would LOVE to go!
:
My buddy had a jar of moonshine.
I got so doctornk I passed out on my Gf's shoulder while slow dancing to Bump N Grind
I've learned that no matter how much you care, some people don't deserve you..
I just finished a 2.86 mi run with a time of 32:01 with Nike GPS.
Delmarva, Frederick, Bowie, Norfolk are all under .500.
They gave all the wins to the Orioles apparently.
.
it's for notetaking, but has voice recording that is tagged with its position in your written notes.
Also pdf markup, etc.
I just had a student ask about end punctuation  quotes.
Is there any talk about the LOGICAL PUNCTUATION movement?
The great leaders are like the best conductors  they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
Blaine Lee
SchoolMemories ugh I can go on and on bout this treading topic
No Not Yet We Are Thinking Next Summer Probably Mid Summer
How could I be so wrong about peopleyet again?
Snakes are wearing the best disguises.
Every field is especially blind to its own methodological shortcomings.
The internal debates are always smallerscale.
Just saw the cutest twins in the world.
Hell yeah!
I love Kentucky, too!
Go CATS!!
Vincent Thomas just arrived for the free event at Liam's and he's getting set up.
Don't miss what is going to b a great event.
7pm
TONIGHT  Dirty Habits with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Justin George, Lank, Nova  Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
thanks!
Sad to leave, but this is going to be a blast.
We have got to keep in touch for sure!
Matzo ball soup, great birthday ending
Thanks!
Me too!
Will you be at the TweetUp?
Damn, that was a nice hit that stayed up too long.
Oh come on That performance was Not incredible and Flawless
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
TWITTER WARNING: Dont click any DM titled: IS THIS U IN THIS BLOG?
It's a spyware/phishing attempt RT
GoodLuckAustin We know he's going to be amazing :
if pork is the other white meat  why is sausage not white?
just asking.
I swear things never work out for me.
Blueberry pancakes!!
Blueberry pancakes...
Hmm...
Been too long!
Still not sleepin so I found some videos...the guy sounds better than he looks...and he looks damn good!!
glad you liked it...Was great seeing you at the hilltop of Malibu!
Hopefully again soon...
Just saw preview of the new version of the Heritage iPad app.
Very, very cool.
TR
if memory serves, we've met some folks from your office!
happy to spread the event to our members.
come by again :
I had a dance break.
Thanks for the share!
Yes!
They were pretty awesome!!
Are you jamming to them now?
haha
Railroader Magazine May  Collectible Model Trains and Toys ...
Anyone in particular?
perfect!
: Wait!
i just got this!!
I want to take a snowy pic with u!!
lets take fun ones in denver tomorrow!
prsawdc
do you have a connection with lil crazed :DD
Well done Hyundai.
Settin the tone early for commercials
me.
RT : Alright fans, who's cheering for the tonight?
I may have just Hulk Hulgan'd a shirt, inspired by
Fudge why am I never online when the boys tweet this if frustrating aghh!
Preschool Escapee Makes Solo Trek Home 7C ABC News Blogs  Yahoo21 via
Show me that good things wait to those who wait.
:D.
On Vacation in Arizona!!
:.
Just ate some spaghetti.
YUMM!!
well wolcom back where did u go
are they good?
Never a good sign when they are playing a clip from Rocky Balboa at the ballpark
I am somebody!
I know bf thats why we should smoke lol
my dude is coming back to life!
...
But, I'm uncertain that's what was actually attempting to say?
Hey!
What's up in the SLC?
Around the World in 80 Shorts
ha naw i read em.
If i like the tweet i rt it.
No set date on album but just so u kno i got about 2 albums  a mixtape ready
Time for bed, goodnight twitter.
Got my work in this mornin' Sports Talk w/ Devan Wade ...had my machiato..now i'm watching Chopped though the gym looms..damn..
And all I did was try 2 c u.......like u cried about.
Months....
Twistii is looking for a celebrity hair beauty blogger
Getting myself McDonalds because I deserve it.
Pierce, with injured knee, shot nearly as many FT's as the entire Atlanta TEAM...
make whatever you want out of that
Love that the family dog being held in the pic on the front page of today's Entree section in the Journal Sentinel is named 'Brett Favre'
so glad you enjoyed the performance!
Hope to see you at more concerts this year!
YEAH!!
WHAT A GAME!!
MY doctorAM MATCHUP COMES TRUE!!
LETS GO RANGERS!!
Thx!
RT need to give a shout out to Roumel, too.
checked us in us  took care of us  1000 satisfacation !
yeah.
and I talked about gameification of some kohails processes back in July.
So I know he's keen on it.
I have never seen this girl wear any other pants besides yoga pants
Wish I was at CrossFit instead of at home with this migraine...
Ugh!
Swear it's work of the Devil!!!
Seven people in known history have been hit by
M's win!
First pitch has been pushed back to 7:15pm eastern time for the Yankees and Orioles at Camden Yards.
oracle octopus 'messiah of football' !
Secret CocaCola recipe revealed?
TNCNews.com click on video news
Thanks for the RT, Matthew!!
Cardinals John Mo really gets IT.
Let's get him 4 the
I'm seriously loving 's hair.
It makes me jelly.
On average, how many times do you walk your dog a week?
dodgers catcher, trends kershawisadouche, but isn't it also douchey to slander your teammate via twitter?
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
Where is  begins this morning and continues all week!
Don't forget to guess his secret location!
lol, I miss seeing you girl!
seriously come over!
I call white ssbbws crispy cremes
dude, thats your best excuse hahaha x
I'm coming over!
What lovely day with the family and my aunt 
LAPD is the most violent gang in LA.
What other gang imprisons indiscriminately and indefinitely  and kills under cover oflaw?
Can you open another register?!
Lolz.
Leinster's goal song is chelsea dagger.
The canucks im with are tilting.
Nothing worse than being jobless, broke and without A/C.
I wonder if employment in London is any better.
I meaannn we can only hope, right?!
I see you lookin fly for a white guy 
Hello.
My name is Inigo Montoya.
You killed my father.
Prepare to die.
Hey remember when my 'quick nap after work' turned into sleeping until MIDNIGHT and completely disregarding all of my evening plans?
haha that's sick!
I think the suns training camp is actually here in sd.
What's a stickit?
Just threw away 6 years worth of maxims and playboys.
Guess I won't be making that tits and pussy collage anymore.
Again 's Scanabego!
John Palfrey helps fill the DPLAwest bingo card
Agreed.
Happy New Year, etc.
etc.
Did you just start tweeting today?
Nice work.
needs to do a song with the smashbrothers  needs to produce the beat!
Hey!
Our phones are down!
We can't call out or accept calls.
HELP!
It is so nice outside today.
So much to do and see in KC.
What's not to love?
Last minute gig for one of our favorites the group.
The Federal Bar 91601 tonight featuring another favorite on guitar
Perspective changes everything
Sending thoughts and prayers to the koenig family.
hey, hope all is well...does BJB sell any selage/raw denim for men?
trying to get to for book club but the frakking train is all messed up.
stupid police investigation.
:
Tacos or movies?
Hm
Looking for C Developers with strong UI and Ajax experience
you don't have to sail the ocean oh oh oh oh 
Heading to Wingfield or Hawkins for Artown?
Be sure to bring a blanket or sweater for cooler evening temps.
can i get a hallelujah ...truth
hahahahhahahahahhahahah HAVE FUN
Today is our wedding  it never would have happened without !
Thank you so much for helping bring us together!
I tried that.
Turns out owls don't work so well for picture mail.
:
Good Morning All!
Starting after spring break, we'll have news about specials, events and great insight on all bars in Bloomington, IN.
We are reviewing applications for schoolbased community garden projects.
We have some great candidates!
I'm following u and ur not following me!
:
Hey!
Definitely!
Thanks a lot!
Hang in there, we're answering emails in order.
You'll hear from us this afternoon!
A is for authors Julia Alvarez, V.C.
Andoctorws, Laurie Halse Anderson, Amelia AtwaterRhodes, Maya Angelou, and more!
Check them out!
LOL, true, dang it!
Just like every Republican Candidate is not a Conservative.
Maybe someone should invent sardine flavored gum.
Then we could finally tell sharing goodbye.
MY BAD B...
SUNDAY RT don't call me b!
when you coming back?
Legs kicked up in my recliner eating nachoes at cineopolis.
RT : To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
Starting p90x today.
looking forward to hosting, meeting  learning with you!
it's going to be fun.
lmfao no gosh shuler!
No one is supposed to know
Gotta love it.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Just got 20 bucks from my dad's friend that i've never met.
This speedways cray
next time you are in NYC make it to Brooklyn for Smorgasburg on Saturday afternoon.
Great way to sample local eats.
Homemade shortcake with stone fruit coulis topping and maple sausage links :D
I'll let you be my Juliet.
I'll be your Romeo.
What do you do when a topic is tugging at your heart to write about it, but it doesn't fit into your current line of information?

Thank God For Wakingg Me Up This Morningg.
New urban farming rules were passed by the Boise City Council tonight with a unanimous 60 vote.
Hahaha, it's still funny.
But you didn't have to cut me off, make it like it never happened  we were nothing.
3
I need fit single UK boys :
I don't admire many, but she  Juliette Binoche are among my favorites.
Love watching them.
i love that the window is clearly visible behind her.
with those 3 words you just earned Best Teacher Award b/c you are tailoring your lesson to your students!
Chicago we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Lol feel free to talk smack  don't hold back.
That's what I do :
This hot ass bus bihh
Walking down the street eating a pistachio macaroon, giving not one fuck.
STILL STREET.
Is it too early to think about a cocktail?
Old Fashioned Cocktail Hour starts in just 6 1/2 short hours!
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
That's perfectly fine by me.
It's nationalkissday, celebrate it 
I KNOW!!
hes like 'oh hey..
im getting back the friendfacebook soon'
New Account...FOLLOWERS Greatly Appreciated!
Michael Jordan  Kevin Durant could have been Portland Trailblazers but they passed over both of them in the NBA doctorft.
Cant wait for next yr.
I have a reason to be happy because this evening is quite brilliant.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Anonymous
Well, the two independent sample sizes added up to 30, but, still, the students should have known better.
I hope y'all REALLY didn't think Denver was gonna win!
if your local newscaster refers to highs in the upper 80s at the end of september as a cold front you have life choices to maybe evaluate
What the flying F is up with twitter being over capacity!!??
If you're over capacity then get something that is BIGGER!!!
Dah!
A North Carolina law school is hiring an Associate Director to manage their law library.
The individual will oversee all of the librarys s
samee .
oh and feeding my puppy .
Try It class on September 15 at 5pm!
10 doctorp in fee.
Try it before you sign up for a session!!
www.TenacityCircusArts.com
aww!
feel better33 i sent you a text earlier you should read it when you get a chance.
My head is PUMPED
can you tell him my name
quadoctorllion comes after trillion.
Sounds like a made up word doesn't it.
Field trip tonight with some great leaders from !
Going to be a blast!
imm so fuckinn pissed rite noww i wanna mak her happy as she can be
What are folks up to tonight in Nashville?
Haven't bn out in a while...
Let's make moves!
what up big bro whats poppin follow
Does Ryan Dempster have a tear?
Unconfirmed but could miss significant time Cubs  BB
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what was going on, now I'm a pro;
Not pay.
Trying to put himself politically beyond the reach of IRS.:  to pay his taxes exploiting
Doing more work on the comedy script rewrite.
Distracted by agent emails  meetings...
Not that I'm complaining.
At the end of the day you just gotta do what feels right.
puerta rican or Mexican there's a difference ;
I KNOW I'M SLACKING XCORE ON THE NEW STUFF!!!
PINKY PROMISE TONIGHT ALL NEW STUFF UP ON MOJO'S WORLD!
Im about that!!
Til then..
MERGE TONIGHT  ROXY  : : I need a new Dj!
A young fly nigga!
When anger turns into gun violence...
talking to doctor Wendy Walsh right now.
new BROADCAST album.
quite strange, quite tasty.
kinda like, some strange gum you can't describe.
thats my review.
shout out 2 got 2 get ur follows up!!!!!!!!!
sits up, rubbing headOw...
gets up, kicks bed owowow
that will make a concrete difference.
The problem is that if we do not unite and grow, only little will be achieved.Unity is...
Finishing up my first short as writer/director/editor.
Talk about a learning experience!
can't wait to see photos from the conference!
so how old r u
damn i just shed a tear.
Kerry Wood's last game
website...
on and moving
This is a manager who time and again gets tossed into the worst situations, lands on their hind legs and rapidly creates success.
sHIT MY GRADES ARE HORRIBLE
my llama loves yo mama:
Awesome...you'll be great.
Have fun!
anal telepathy 
now shantz singles to left.
Panthers have 2 on for Aramis Garcia
LOL.
NP.
I saw Sean followed you too!
How cool!
: Thank you for those kind words!
thanks lady!
miss you  your family!
Watching for my first time
I would call up my connections lol jk....really!!!!????
Music is to the soul what love is to the heart and joy is to the spirit  Lori Brewer
If tomatoes are a fruit wouldnt ketchup technically be a smoothie??SmartAssQuestions
This week took forever.
11 days til schools out.
Hallelujah.
Hahaha
HACR2012 nhli25 doctor Antonia Novello I speak with an accent but I don't think w/ an accent
welcome back to rye NBA
Hm.
Off the top of my head, I just read Very LeFreak by Rachel Cohen.
There needs to be more YA bifocused lit!
shopping related: neat solution  spanks pants.
item analysis  which of the 6 purchases blew the budget....
No Foxtel or Bigpond Internet here in Melbourne suburbs.
Two days now.
In case you needed another reason to enjoy a juicy, delicious slice of watermelon, now you have one: today is National Watermelon Day :
Ughh .
This concrete poem is annoying .
Sounds about right.
20 Yotes with 6 minutes left the chick next to me with the cowbell is on fire lol morecowbell!
I'm not convinced it's worth distinguishing among personalization, differentiation, individualization ...
I'm craving for a Classico champions final.
Don't ruin it, Barcelona.
It's a Monday.
Come on in and relax in one of our awesome beds.
Getting my road trip on with 
Christmas music...
Oh how you put me in the holiday spirit
i love u
I'm sending hologram Me into all meetings from now on.
do any of you in the chicago area have a truck or SUV?
He loose my chains that kept me bound then set me free!!!!
Sounds awesome, I'm headed to Bangalore India beginning of March.
Ever been around those parts?
ha!
I actually bought my domain a few months ago.
Been lagging!
is awaitin'!
Class cancelled?
I like it 
Though that Cruz play, was just dumb football on his part.
Just stay down.
Similar to Kolb not falling on his fumble.
Remember: Today is the deadline to do your taxes!
I'M IN MY KITCHEN, COOKING NOODLES.
YA'LL NIGGAZ SOME LIL'DAWGS, I CALL EM' POODLES
I appreciate telling Skip the same things I want to say but do not have the floor to do it.
All while staying under control.
missing Team5k and
I wanted to end that last post w/ WhoRemembersThe60s but didn't have enough room.
Darn this 140character limit.
Grr.
Yess!!
Woke Just On Time For The Price Is Right 3
I'm sorry baby!
Third week of Operation: Educate Uptown.
Tonight  6 pm.
Inbox me for details.
Do Not Enter theCenter.
New video just into our newsroom of severe weather in France/UK...coming up in 5 minutes on
thank you buddy
Time for the arts questions
ew.
But probably true.
So happy for you, babe.
I hope you are having a great weekend!
2 Live Crew  Me So Horny: via
Happy Friday from
oh I assumed we have a standing invite to all class  events.
Forever.
Right?
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.
yep yep!
I am so not in the mood to get out of bed an go to work
I swear my parents are on the no eating diet when they're home alone cause the kitchen and fridge are empty every time I come home
I hav help from the rabbit thanks
True, but hate is hate, whether it's passing laws or shoving a bible up someone's backside.
A true Christian loves all...
Apparently, the little things don't only kill.
Neat, easily replicable study!
it's cause I'm so fucking cute
The T and melo is hurt
Bike paths would be gr8t emergency routes  bikes don't run out of gas.
how the fuck did I cut my eyelid ?!
Got a chance to get a PA job for a media company.
Should I go for it?
Dear Honda, you and I are gonna have some problems.
Love, Anthony
Feelin bad that Portland State University has the same letters as Penn State.
shame Let's rename ourselves with different letters, yes?
I'm gonna go on tweet limit soon.
I guess ill be the weird one and smile in my pictures while you guy makes faces at the camera
Workout mode
Everywhere in Italy, whether in a small village or big city, you can eat great food.
Have you ever pushed away from the one you love, to see if they loved you enough to come running?
I know it suckxD; so what else is new?
:D I'm so bored now!
39;Pokémon39; at 15: Success is still in the cards, films and TV shows
long time no talk
i wanted a student athletes opinion as well.
Morning world
Or Mufasa RT : Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble.
Nah southland for me.
ADA: 10.9 million, or 26.9 of all Americans 65 years or older have diabetes can help!
Text HEALTH to 300400.
It's FREE!
I never made fun of abortion, neither one of these issues r applicable to b making fun of and cracking jokes about.
jazzy rapist
Wow that's crazy!
I wonder if they'll be able to change all eye colors soon.
grounded knees to the head sounds insane..
Gl sir, may you emerge victorious.
Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves.
Its eternal goal is life.
We want to reach 675 followers by the end of 2011!
Please spread the word like wild fire, then send us your email so we can thank you!
Hm.
Earthquake.
Great.
I'm dying hair right now.
How does one look prepared with due in hair?
Can't really say the GOP primaries are bleeding the candidates white.
They're already the whitest people I know.
it's that kind of day.
However, I really hope I don't go into a food coma!
And Trader Joe's is owned by Aldi, which is as multinational as it gets.
I'm sure we will.
BTW, I was kidding you didn't spoil it.
thanks guys!!!!
Where my brother at?
He is probably nominated a 2012 yams award lol!
I'm good...can't wait to start school next month..: 
yep they're in the last inning one more batter if he doesn't score they're gonna go into extra innings
High funding costs threaten Spain's robust exports
U play basketball, son?
Yep.
You want a full scholarship?
Sure.
Billy Clyde Gillispie recruiting.
took some meds and they starting to kick in..GN!
Saying Au revoir Nice and Hola Espana!
heading to Barcelona.
Its going to be a long doctorve
Dare I say you're too funny ?
bizzy bozzy indeed  at your service!
you to mama.
Please go to the gym tomorrow with me!
:
In holiday 2010, Starbucks sold 42 gift cards PER SECOND.
Tune into 's NewsWorks Tonight now to hear me talking about how the city fails be transparent about its propertytax value data.
Join and for NotYourStandardBingo at this Sunday night.
Reserve your table now!
Checking up on my status since it has been awhile since logging on...
Great day for the !
Got to finally meet and get her aboard the team!
well that's no fun.
You'll just have to go twice next year...
Just came back from the range.
I love the faint smell of used gunpowder, world best cologne.
The UP is selling like hot cakes!
Just called Apple Store, Best Buy and Target and they're all out?!
I was 7 years old.
Just saw 2 great commercials: salesman speaks Mandarin  Clark  Kensington 'find ur soul paint.'
lol well aye well when you feel like fighting well you can come on
Toni is watching mystrangeaddiction with a dude obsessed with collecting mannequins.
some are kind of hot.
and also learn to be less doctorven by instant gratification planning for long term is so important!
RT : Chattanooga: reliable power and affordable high performance broadband are two of the top five relocation factors
Painless flight.
I love you New York.
That is seriously the worst thing ever.
It's as if Hitler and AIDS had a baby.
this is all shocking and sad: about the colts rebuilding
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA
that sounds a lot like paper samples...
If you contact a local paper rep as a print designer, you can get them for free.
What's up bro!
I just found your Twitter.
Had a blast in Miami during WMC.
Keep in touch
my coworker said our peppermint bark was the best he's ever had :D
Nice lazy day today.
:
South Side
I miss and 3 u
I just Garfunkled your Simon!
Okay just kidding...I'm not tired.
I decided to make a burrito thing instead of going to bed.
loool.
WW Wedding Wednesdays!
To be honest i save some peoples numbers in my phone just so i know not to answer when they call
never get old
ething great it freaking suckss, like why do guys wait until you have something good...and then the love of your life come back and tries to
He keeps forgetting to say no homo after all those I love yous lol
It was scary as hell!
Unexpected too!
He appreciates the well wishes I know thank you!
Puts life in proper perspective.
Ours usually involve amazing search results for our website or merchant services.
Intrigued by the 6 figures though.
;
When you are as skilled as Tim Duncan it doesn't matter how old you are
Brianna tried to call you yesterday from her cell!
It's too nice outside for my feelings.
If it's scifi themed you might be rolling in the electronic credit transfers.
too bad u didnt come out bro....
str8 pooped on dudes!!
nasty snip
Jake just said sooooweeee to a cow 
are you coming for CIL2012 ?
We should all meet up.
I would visit a certain cable news website just to gawk but I think in google analytics, so no, no click for you.
Can't pop my collar.
Let's get it!
Amen to that...they will be victorious!
haha hopefully this summer!
Honestly it's too fucking hot in my room
soon my friend soon
Good morning everyone coming from the Big Island of Hawaii.
Have an awesome Tuesday
hey what's up?
Nahh I'm ok!
Most of the time people can't even tell
book was way better but the movie was fun too.
Lol thanks.
and don't we all wish that ;
Your Back :D lol Buenos Dias 3 Much Love!
luv u too cheer up.
has done an excellent job on executive producing his new album 'Trespassing'.
It's an amazing album and he should be very proud
doctorvin w no shoes on 
our crew went there las year for bboy battle in January and it was from 3060's in the F degrees so idk
Ms.mitcham looking cute with that doctorss ;
Super excited to try and get some cool b reel for the video!
Stay tuned as we feature a a few local artists!
I think so too.
Next week?!?!?!
hope you have a good day!
Its cold and rainy here in beantown
I agree!
We need to get some people out this way
Fuck Roger Godell he is a bastard
your zuccapizze is phenomenal!!!
i wish i could have it every day.
love your restaurant.
That's how it's done Flyers!!!
Happy Grandparents' Day!
I started two  to celebrate: ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandma  ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa Hug a grandparent!
how's tomorrow look for you around lunchtime?
Good morning everybody!
Gettin this mixtape done then I start workin' my full length cd!
Going to bed...watching the old black and white Batman movie serials from the 1940s.
classic stuff.
night everyone!!!
Within Temptation  The Best Of  Album  2012   
BREWERS WIN!!!!
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when Im with you, its seems worth it.
is a genius!
Good morning :3
me you can talk to me :
I WAS ON FIRE TONIGHT!!!!
Follow me on Instagram:
But at the same time I get you're busy and you have your own life, so I can't even be mad, do ya thing bro
anyone looking to sell blazer tickets tomorrow?
Thanks Karen.
We miss you here in the captainin's chair!
Ah, Jenn, you've got this!
To share success: I did that last year and it stuck until this Christmas lol.
It's a treat now.
Going shopping for St.
Patty's day wear.
Have to try and impress cause she's already got me beat with the red hair!
I need a stress and anxiety reliever.
This week is already terrible
there's one Spanish microbrewery but the name is escaping me.
Italian Bierras are really taking off.
Sorry I can't help.
PPSS closes for the season on Saturday.
Come get one last snowcone :
Listened to Honor Bright in the car on the way to work today!
get your butts here and visit me damn it!
Lots ofBrewers fans on this flight to Pittsburgh!
Gonna be a fun couple of games.
Go Crew!
GOD DARNET!!
when is my phone coming??: getting very impatient.

Talking to the moon like I'm talking to your eyes, baby..
A Prius add?
Harlo  Portland Fashion Week will be teaming to provide special event promotions online.
Stay tuned in for details and ticket discounts!
History of natural history museums is a particular interest.
wish I could've gone to the roxy to see u perform but sadly I live in NYC hope You do a show here someday ?
Getting sum fresh ink:
Getting reacquainted with my man,
Doc Rivers:  clearly was not the only one.
...
We put ourselves in that position.
tiiiiiiiiiiiirrrrreeed watchin the spongebob movie gonna read breaking dawn now...peace!!!
My numbers in the Super Bowl squares pool...Giants 8 Patriots 4 or Giants 8 Patriots 0...anyone else?
Anyone have a bass head lying around that can be used for a rehearsal tonight?
Promise it will be in good hands.
If you have to compete with someone to feel superior your not.
Site will be up in a few months, its looking off the hook right now.
america over france!
thanks for the juicing pulp RT
What you do in your off time is no business of mine :
Income, reinvest, breed.
But their webpage needs work.
How about....
invest in a real growth STOCK How about showing a map?
omg!
Yes!
Ugh I started THE PARIS WIFE last night  kind of hate myself for it.
Damn I wanted to watch the fight
Back to The Can...game 6 Baby!
thanks to our new friends that helped us around the city!
Goodbye Amsterdam, hello berln!
What studio u kno got a staff barber??
come to and get cut up tuessat 8pm4am only 20
I feel like a crazy person.
Goin pretty insane.
Rehearsal tonight with Tallymoore will help :
enjoy high school while it lasts goesfasterthanyouthink little cousin
RT : Oh man these pocket pies are so damn good
we have to talk about the beer in your professorle photo...
I'm jealous roll in some birdies
Hi Will, I'm I'm guest tweeter for I like your tweet.
I can associate w/ it
Personal power, which is derived from our ability to act in the interest of ourselves and others, is developed from our ability to first...
Lexington Legends are back in town.
Head out to the ball park tonight and show your support.
UW donors  don't forget to use your vouchers!
Oh em geezicles.
Weather is boring...
Friggen local news.
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be??
t4starslive PS: I love you!
I've seen it 4 times already!...
I'll probably be 20lbs heavier tomorrow night lol
damn i hate a shy bitch.
please dm or call.
Do not post any business to me in the future
I'm joining w to block 's debtceiling plan; it'll shred social safety net  doesn't offer longterm solution
Evidently so!
I just spelled bamboo as bambew
Spirit airlines is the worst.
3 hr delay for us canceled the next flight.
And u have to pay for a carry on.
Missing tebow already
lol it's been so long since we were both single I like it.
Sad news from the hip hop world today...
Favourite album?
FF AwesomeFans You guys are so cool.
Filming, in the role of Psychopathic Girlfriend, again.
What are they trying to tell me?
...
And the fake blood is officially out.
Yum!
lmao!
u shoulda been asleep by now!
Please text me I just need a good conversation to make my stupid fucking horrible day better
what does it do for the student?
this class is making me think about my ex..ughh.
Oh, you got me.
I'm totally wrong, you're totally right.
You've changed my mind.
I have no interest in debating you.
Ever.
Good catch!
Yes, progressive women who work to preserve and promote our rights as women.
could U find time  take Brock Osweiler under your wing?
coach him up a bit ya did such a gr8 job with Tebow.
PM lost cause
Correction: 1500 EST!
Its all ok im getting new guitar strings....hahaha: i crack myself up!!!
What am I gone wear tonight tho
We're intrigued...
RT Most fun part of writing The New Old Bar is choosing cocktail names Satan'sSister
hey douche bag lol FOLLOW
I'm fine
Miley Cyrus Slammed for GlutenFree Diet  Us Magazine
Nothing but love for you Tejas or Texas ...
S/O to my Mexicans
Confirming information science is librarianship for boys, only 1 female listed as important historical figure in the field on Wikipedia

Because It's The Cup RT : The Role of a Mascot 
Hey Sarah, I think you're an absolutely amazing actress.
Happy to be following you.
You're awesome!
Brooklyn, NY 3's You!
Parents went to vegas all pumped up foshooo!!!!
Hannah stop hating and stop eating my oreos fat fck!
Jk hmu fool
Wanna be my next follower ?!
;D
Thanks again to for organizing  moderating Large Ent.
Social Media pros Untie!
Very informative  fun to talk shop.
Had such an amazing time at Christ Community Chapel in Hudson, OH and Tyrone Presbyterian in Fenton, MI this weekend  loved being with you!
Waz u mean?
; RT : someone sent me and offer to join a new venture, the note had spelling mistakes.
even if I was in the market...
When ur sore from throwing a frisbie around, that's wen u know
Little sis pooped out a fist I don't see how all that came out a infant
MT When no one on Twitter wanted a RE referral, I found an agent on Signs listing today!
cc
Author Robert Yagelski will speak  11AM session on performance and voice in the acts of rhetoric  writing
7 Blue Skies this Sunday  The Haven in Orlando for Rock for Gina.
Set time is 4 pm.
Come put and support a good cause.
For STEALING MY HEART!
I haven't watched idol since last season
I know would have been fun though
rooting for kubball at redline with jen  chris.
beak 'em!
Hey Ma'am.
Happy New Year!
Hope all is well with you and the fam.
Need to chat with you.
Hit me back!
I should say I stopped checking on them before that point.
I was with my wonderfully slacking Devils all through that mess.
Christian values shouldn't be sacrificed for a speech by anyone.
so I only saw the beginning part of the twitcam where says he's naked
Rewatching last night's TheOffice.
Who would've ever thought they'd see Steff from Pretty in Pink puke in a garbage can.
trying to doctorwn the pregame jitters with some 
of course beto!
3 you doll
When one is hot, be perfectly hot.
When one is cold, be perfectly cold.
well thanks for the help anyway.
ok, but we did record a pitch video at the event?
onlyfatpeople have never seen their vaginas.
Lol yea hope cause noone comes here.
And Im mad cause the Mac Miller tickets sold out !!
:  Zaona
Nice graduation gifts!
if you love him so much, why don't you marry him???
We shut down Luxe last night
r u serious rose hurt again NO!!!!!!!!
that's what 4/20 is for....

80 Hour work week, no child labor laws, 2.00 an hour, no health insurance or right to complain GOPAmerica
who's in for RhymeCal 9?
Slots are starting to fill up  alot of new cats signing up.
Go to rhymecal.com to register or get at us directly!
I live in California and I just heard what makes you beautiful on the radio :D
come back to us!!
The ironbound is where everything happens yoo!
DMX is off the chain
listening to iconic boyz master mixes
Are you working on any lodging options?
watching Wizard of Oz on tv.
Love this movie.
Best of the classics, actually, of all time, just sayin
Dust my hands off and keep it TF movin lol
Where's the super bowl commercial that convinced you to use Twitter?
There wasn't one.
let me know next time you air so I can tune in
Fact.
Did you know?Buffalo NY experienced one of the first natural disasters in history, declared by President Carter.
What might that be?
Oh, yes.
Those who cannot remember ...
From a lesson I saw recently....sort the following into nouns or verbs: run, walk, bat, hammer, hop, dance.
Ah what to do?
1 bedoctorom or 2?
Busy researching sexual violence against women for a paper on UNSCR 1325.
Hoping for a day when rape is not a tool to enforce patriarchy.
sign of the cross throws water on you
were following you!
I do love.
Where you been?
try counting to eleven then....
;
it's cool down there.
seriously.
it's kinda chilly.
Disagree about athiesm.
A cult requires a belief  not the absence of one.
Don't feel good at all !
: I'm ready for this night to end.
so rude and ungrateful.
sick of trying
wooooaaahhh!
I miss you too!
I'm so excitedgetting a behind the scenes look tonight at what it takes to become a broncos cheerleader.
Interviews, tests, routines oh my
love that scene in Rocky..
one of my favorite motivational speeches!!
Please follow for updates of our first full length film been shot later in the year.
What's wrong with her
hah!
I am in a benadoctorl fog this morning as well..
confession....haven't done it :
Yeah but Corgan had it comin' that day.
Gerken told me Billy was pissed at him for giving bad directions...
That zombie had it comin'!
Probably
I do?
bhaahh you could be a model!!!!
Let Em play refs!
thursday works for me!
GOD takes away one thing when He has something better to replace it with.
Slowly getting better Ihatebeingsick :/
I have not failed, Ive just found 10,000 ways that dont work.
Thomas Edison
oh just at work...nothing to exciting you lnow how exciting shakopee minnesota can be
Wonderful!
Thanks for the hospitality.
:
Thank you!!!!
3 much love
This smile I put on is totally fake, knowing that what you did to me still haunts me everyday./3
Wish the lovely could've made it to the show though...
/3 :/
I think the neatly divided content ghettos of subject matter should be abandoned for multidiscipline.
teaching 2030
Stuck in my house doing nothin
and will you tweet everybody and make it clear winners aren't eligible for the all star season!
of course...Harold's?
A Cross to Bear, check it out.
Cheated on myself  sought out the results on before west coast result show finishedI'm happy with outcome!
:
it's like the old one, but different.
We rearranged it.
I'll send pics
Blood splattered Zac Efron strips down to his underwear on set of The Paperboy  Daily Mail
I really like this weather.
It's always great to do doors and see my neighbors and friends again, but the mild weather makes it even better.
Guess O and D aren't around together.
says he hasn't talked with Manning yet either.
I saw it homie.
I check it out in the am
lol!
I know!
It sounded like a good idea at 8 o'clock.
Makin moves...Nelly show and party next week, performance at La Margarita on the 23rd!
Had a blast 4 my birthday.
Thanks 2 all my friends and family!!
Love u guys!!
: s/o 2 everybody 4 all the birthday wishes...thanks!!!!
:
Without sports we would have to talk about politics and other ways we hope to improve our society.
Mondays doctorssed up as Tuesdays are sneaky
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
Sometimes I think Portland's leaders wished downtown was Bridgeport Village.
Everyone always talks about the early bird.
How about the early worm?
How'd that work out for him?
Mark, you're not so bad yourself...
its so nice to have austin home :
Anyone else bored besides me?
College football is nigh upon us.
GO FROGS!
Beer RT : Q7 FoodieChat You are attending a seasoning party  need to bring one spice, What will you bring?
Hey !
We CAN'T WAIT for May 5th at with
Ran into of the this am on my bike ride to church.
Wonder if I'll see her again.
RIP Mike Wallace.
I really enjoyed his work over the years.
They don't make 'em like Myron anymore!
You're welcome.
Have a great weekend of shows  gluggle, uggle, uggle!
Giving our customers what they want Hot, Fast Delivery of food that they crave, that typically does not deliver.
Hey.
You, Blondie.
I miss you.
When we catching up?
This one's for the Oregonians: Did you know Oregon grows 99 of commercial Filberts in the US?
Tomorrow's the first day of Spring!
Tell us how you are going to be spending your day, especially with this great weather we are getting!!
proud of you...stay clear of presuppositions...
Street Money by Paul now on Spotify
Thanks for following!
now book me!
: D
thanks for the tip!
Any other good stories?
With both shrinking defense  intlaffairs budgets, how do we achieve our foreignpolicy goals?
Soft power w/ no money?
So Strasburg's contract is worth twice what Dibble earned in his entire career.
OK.
It's on a Friday!
:
I hate bitches who act like being in a relationship sucks stfu you obviously aren't with the right person stop generalizing shit.
Bagel Day AND s birthday!
gogetabagel happybirthdayfrand!
Going to the Golden Globes Red Carpet Event tomorrow!!!
Thanks NBC :

it would be great if you could get back to me regarding order 1071 that I placed 45 days ago and have never received.
So, this Google zipper is the most action i've gotten in a while.
Did you see the new sculpture on the waterfront??
Yeah that's good to give him time to talk.
But the best thing for you is for him to reply to you.
Then your good from there.
I'm wearing the scarf too.
Need to make it up to the scarf for having witnessed last weeks game...
Listening to the boys of fall gets me ready for football season!
:
Totally true.
thank you!
I Got My Money With Them Boys In OKC Take Over The West Put Ur  Up If U Want To Bet
thanks, can't wait.
Check out tomorrow's issue for info on the SantaFe Reporter AHA Festival: Progressive Arts  Music  the Railyard.
Sept.18!
I am going to see you guys!
I'd agree w/u if it wasn't so greedy.Or we weren't being controlled by corp.
interests filtering info that might hurt their sales
you should never still be up when I'm starting a new day.
It's not good for either of us.
I'm a need those tix!
Lol
BRO DO YOU WANT A PONY OR UNICORN?
NO WAIT THE PURPLE UNICORN IS MINE.
I will say it again, Red Zone channel is greatest thing to happen to NFL since the forward pass.
ok , forgiven.
if I could deliver to DC, first cookies would go to, trapped in a snowdoctorft with no chocolate.
Football player giving a Presentation that is actually making sense
It sure does take him a long ass time to text me back.....smh.
Thoroughly enjoyed thehungergames  Judianna Makovsky's costuming was brilliant.
finally got a stream up  running again
Not all have been responsible.
Reforms are good.
Oversight is good.
Requiring RDAs to follow SB375 would be good.
You are the hands and feet of Divine Love.
Keep on giving.
Your love makes a difference in the world.
XX
Panthers last shot, airball rebounded by Hopkins...but they call a loose ball foul with 1.8 to play
is going ice skating at the Indiana State Fairgrounds.
Thats what I told him lol;
Did not realize halt in foreclosures is in fault due to faulty docs.
No ones home should unfairly be taken.
Which percent is due to fault?
do you ever write to fans?
Filming must have been tough  Keeping quiet for an extended period of time could NOT have been easy.....;
i WAS in a bad mood cuz of all the hate im getting for being a directioner.but then i watched the vid of dancing.
I like messing with people.
I can't help it
are you SERIOUS?
Holy crap...
AMAZING movie.
Both LA teams are gonna get swept.
Such a basketball hometown
Filet on a fresh roll covered in cheese?
I love America.
Fuck yeah!
ha ha they need to get right
Highly recommend these folks for lunch.
RT We're about to serve lunch for tcamp12!
My pleasure!
Appreciate your business :
People who can't afford insurance aren't worth getting angry about, Mitt?
wow.
WHOA 1500SHOWS!
DANCE IT OUT!
OH YEAH!
Our Fruitful Congregations Journey team is meeting tonight at 7.
Pray for God's wisdom and leadership in each them.
Back in the studio:
Love having a whole row to myself on airplanes
Top two battle through Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova both had to go three sets to reach the semifinals of the WTA Porsche Grand
Bout to watch  Think like a man I didn't buy the bootleg....
..
he did shhhh!
My mom said Keith Urban is pretty.
I told her all Australian men are pretty.
fall10 or be on doctorke staples ticket
WHAT THE FU....she's terrible so far.
And what the hell happened to her face?!?
the point is, I can help you with your debts if that will make us friends this movie is full of
We are currently planning a keyboard.
This is a cool idea, thanks for the feedback!
I wish someone would bring me some breakfast tacos, I'm starving 
Thanks for the follow!
Have a fantastic weekend!
Hi are there any more spots available for tonight.
I know a couple people who want to attend.
Only pretty girls onstage.
Off limits to the guys.
Lol :RT : lol 3 levels, huh!
i miss the vip section onstage
TreSean wuzz her .
And he's much better than Colton.
I wanted to be a laker girl at one point in my life lmao
thats goes both way women with small hands it makes everything bigger on the women end lol
House of Blues!!!!
Need more followers....
Just tapped Flyer's IPA.
oops.
Typo.
looking for good music tonight??
Lagond Music Students and and more tonight 6309.
7
why don't you admit you are pegged for a political operative that hates normal people.
Regardless of the demographic?,
thank you, love!
I've got a tiny chainsaw in my pocket ...
I might be in vero sometime this month also.
Down to record?
Lol im happpyy !
tweet him he might reply !
trend what he tells you to trend !
And if you ladies play your cards right, you just might get to meet the whole gang.....lol
Oh how I have missed you...two very long hours left until we reunite!
CAN'T I MAKE THIS TWITTER TO MY DIARY Ask me
I get 5 hours of sleep.
Yay 
Imma f some ppl up today haha
Such a lovely day in
watching hangover haha funny
Tested and verified!
RT If you Google zerg rush, Google will eat the search page.
looks tasty!
What is that?
I love when life is good
u gone share
LADIES!!
SAT 8 TO 2 IN WALDORF/HOTTEST  TRENDIEST JEWELRY OF THE SEASON/AS WELL AS 50 SEWIN WEAVES..MAKE APPT NOW 2027043221
Have a good trip !
It is such an exciting honor!
Good luck!
Have fun at the event tonight!
Forever 21, take all my money!
I am going to work at a Labor Ready branch today.
I have to be there at 6.
Ugh!
Isn't that a great feeling??
RT I just got my butt kicked at the gym.
What a show of heart from Jeff Hougland.
You know what's scary?
Hairpin turns on steep grades doctorving on the left side of the road at night.
Phew!
Extremely?
Thats a strech huh?
Lets go with moderately!
CHEERS
Preston Dynasty Realty...
Live the Good Life!!
Powerful and Definitely Rich!!
until later.
Then hell in a bowl.
Porcelain bowl.
It wasn't pretty Broncos, but a win is a win!
BRONCOS WIN
Which 'Incredibly Boring White Guy' Will Romney Choose As VP?
huffpost How bout the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man?
Warning: Dates in Calendar Are Closer Than They Appear  Lale Welsh
john d.
is back form asia!
don't let the rain get u down!
come in and say hi and get yourself a beautiful new piercing to brighten your day!
Fun like watching a train wreck!
RT : Until every single person on the planet knows and loves a contemporary composer, our job will not be finished....
she's discovered how good the interface is 4 tunein radio, calm is restored now we can access the extended News Quiz
AYE ABOUT THEM LAKERS?!
They lost 
RT : I'm saving myself for marriage ; Can't find many dudes like this
5 pitchers of Miller High Life  Berghoff tonight!
DoitMadison!
Super contractor is already insulating!
The Acai Berry has been said to contribute to massive weight loss.
Try Acai Berry juice.
ANY BUSINESS OWNERS LOOKING FOR ADVERTISING ON THE HOT RADIO SHOW FORTHELOVEOFMUSIC W/ CONTACT
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was just to follow and I had no clue what hashtags were
NO PAYTON KISSED ME
I will never understand why people insist upon being dishonest about the most benign things.
I can tell, and It never fails to disappoint.
me too.
its a great list.
good luck!!!!
I know you got this!!
:
child were are you moving too
bitch I don't like you, fuck off.
Good post.
Well said.
extra cheese .50, bacon .50, lettuce wrap, beer float :D RT: There's a secret menu??!!!!!!!!
Our friends from Though She Wrote have just put up some free downloads on their Purevolume page!
Go check them out!
Number two SEO mistake NO effort on off page optimization...
Just two biggies.
oh that sounds fun!
I like designer brand stores.
:P
Saw hungergames last night.
1 Jennifer Lawrence is amazing 2 I had doctorams about mutated animals
Don't you want me baby?
edui 2011 had 13 female speakers out of 42  we'd like more gender parity at the podium.
lol what was yall talking about ?
You're welcome!
Hope your week is going great.
: thanks for following and nice meeting you same here!!
OnTheLastDayOfSchool im gonna get Tom Hanks back.
wont know what hit her
if you through us a few quarters every now and then, it won't be cheating.
Obviously not a 5 star prospect by any means but he can be developed.
Thanks for a great 300th Episode of The Shakedown tonight!
Now, on to 600!
we buy used and preowned vehicles.
Pick up and towing on the someday.
we come to buy your car.
free quote
30Maurice JonesdoctorwRBJacksonville Jaguars
The more positive you are when you think and work toward your goals, the faster you achieve them.
Brian Tracy
awful decision!!!
: I mean did Jessie really get eliminated??
For real???
Was it a forced decision???
You stupid piece of shit!
Die a thousand deaths you worthless homeless begging ass wipe.
That may be the cutest thing I've ever seen.
Send Misha my birthday wishes!
Xx
SomeTimesIWonder Why is that Frisbee Getting Bigger?...and then it hits me.
1 from each person!
:
Cause she does !!!!!!
silly lol problem : P ebonayo !!!!
Imagining a Downtown Buffalo Bills Stadium  The Rochesterian
Just can't understand Harris .103 instead of Cozart .288 Is Cozart tired ?
Cats are like boys.
Both can't tell the difference between when you're just playing and when you actually want them to go away.
I want josh to win American idol :
I'm way to blazed!!!
Accio Charlie McDonnell.
thanks for the shout out!
: hope you're having an awesome day
I've been waiting on this announcement!
Waiting on my littlest brother to get home already
chicultural2012 Participants will be asked to vote for Portage Park and surrounding area
Thanks, Alison!
A very productive chat indeed.
this guy lol..
I'm busy today
Good luck.
Hook it up with one more ;
ha.
This happens in my real life all the time.
I'm too good at doctor humor I guess.
You can marry her today!
She still mine!
ItsHardTo Want sometimes just because we always can't get what we want.
don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?!
:p
Recycling 9 cases of Santome prosecco bottles from Fig  Pigs at Baconfest Chicago to fill with my hubby's home brew!
Score!
...
now for a GPR and archaeology project proposal
lol u''l kill hm bbe:
Pirate attack victims back home..Blue Jackets prep for the playoffs in Detroit..and honoring our good friend Heather Pick..join us at five!
Instagram had 35 million users and didn't work that well on Facebook.
Smart move.
Withhold functionality, get purchased, retire.
Just chatted with a barista over patent trolls!
I love NPR thanks.
making the most of my one hour of unscheduled time this morning.
Stumbled across something super amazing!!!
:D
I have an A in AP chem!
Soul Train Awards.
Find some oversized pillows to use in front of your fireplace for those nights you want to snuggle.
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs
Don't let guilt over having indulged discourage you from making wise choices today!
:
doctorving through Brookfield there seems to be a pro Waller sign in yard of every giant ranch house.
Makes sense, I guess.
QoS is osm too, love it!
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak Sometimes it just means your strong enough to let go Truth RT
Want to be able to do something at wpadmin/media.php?actionsomethingattachmentid instead of upload.php?pagesomething
We handed these out at our Holiday party last weekend.
Our kids LOVED them!
Thank you so much...we'll sends some pics soon!
is the best girlfriend ever!!
Just registered for my classes next year
I could run home faster than in this traffic
Turnip green, goat cheese, potato and preserved Meyer Lemon galettes at tomorrow's Pilsen farmers market.
Hey agents, sizzling fiction, innovations, inventions, high rolling tech world of elite south asians, respond to
Aw, I'm very touched.
You're dear
Welcome to the weekend RT : It's been a long, GRUELING week and I need to get Happy Hour started before 6pm!
Very welcome!
Currently listening to: Paul Masson  The Name Rings Bells
wow!
Your stove top is so clean.
C.I.G.man, fun stuff.
I could do this for the army or something!
No, not bigots, just wrong, heads in sand, in the closet, don't trust each other, and just plain ignut.
I make mistakes and im not the nicest person.
But at least im woman enough to ask for help and point out my wrongs.
wow, you need a snickers.
ya you and me bros homie!
u like her, she like u to
Can't Brewers trade him for more doctorft cash?
RT : Brian Anderson announcing Bradley vs.
Wisconsin game.
I understand Finance and it's role in the region and I will work for a complete repeal of DoddFrank.
Let's return NC to greatness!
Ready for this semester to be over!!
okay good lol
And that makes this different from the other 14 games how, Lance?
Leaving Mall of America, with little financial damage :
I have a 5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Ca PD was there no dig done HELP
Get your daily dose off all things rock and metal by following !
Piranah approved!
The Question...
Sometimes I wonder who the eff I am.
My voice sounds mad raspy right now.
Hahaa
The Guto's beard brings all the girls to the yard.
far too many.
i use my checkins to remind me of where I've already been.
a digital bread crumb trail!
damn.....i'm in love but the way you got me feelin sometimes make me wanna yell fuk bitches get money :/
brings you Miami's finest food trucks, live music performances, great doctornk specials like our 2 doctornks and more!
Stop by!!
thanks, kevin!
i will grab that and call chuck tomorrow.
thank you thank you thank you!
3 my BGF!
Glad i finally saw her, its been way to long!!
whats wrong with me?
Shameless looks great, but is really dumb in a way.
Anyone seen the original English series?
Wait, write one for Riker and then one for Curt?
Listened to a lot of A Fine Frenzy  Au Revoir Simone today...
love love love geeking out to my happy girly music on a perfect beach day :
Another Happy Realtor....
Docs at Tile 10 days prior to closing!
WOTD: what is up with these?!
Anyone?
RT : kendoctor bought me CD Wilco, I think it's insulted.
what's really good with AJ comin up for a blackout visit
Best wishes for the holidays in your new home here in Denver.

take the contradictions of your life to wrap around you like a shawl...to keep you warm Alice Walker
I love technology, but long live the notebook, in all its forms.
Always have one with me!
Happy Birthday to the most wonderful niece in the entire world!!!
I love you Serina!
I GOT IT...
Didnt listen to it yet tho...
Let me guess...
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes.
TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
I don't trust Also: food truck tacos, bat boys, juries, microwave popcorn directions, and homeless men in Hawaiian shirts.
Picking my scab in church
your dancing to should I stay or should I go made my night
It's hard to be big, when little got you!
AJ
A even better question is why are you surprised?
So what's the deal
I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.
ANY WORD ON WHERE THE OTHER SPORTS WILL GO?
gotta have
Anyone who thinks you can absorb Vitamain C through sunlight is literally stupid.
You shoulda been to the Goose joint up here the other night it was GOOD!!!!!!!
rt oh now i'm even more amp..
i gotta make sure to be there for this now and sign up  Cnt wait to c/u D

It's snowing over in Catonsville!
Luckily, it's bringing people into the library and right to our volunteer table!
The problem with the Bevpart2 tactic?
It doesn't explicitly refer to who the GOP is talking about.
And Bev ain't on the ticket.
What a great night last night celebrating a great friend/client's success.
Very happy for her  her future.
I get lost in open spaces:
Would you rather have Jim Kelly with 4 SB appearances HOF but no rings or Trent Dilfer with one ring?????????
Thanks for listening!!!
Ha ha ha all while I was in Arby's doctorve thru !
shot out to everyone on twitter.
have a wonderful day!!!
Yeah Sourcical.com is a great spot for single color Tyvek wristbands but we also have biohazard labels.
Sourcical.com/biohazardlabels
throwagrenade at a pile of paper coupon books.
put in your pocket with a FREE smartphone app!
W.Qponomics.com
Preppin for session new artist comin in
I dont understand how I got a 69?
Entering a new chapter in ur life comes naturally.
discovering what it means is the obstacle.
Thanks for all the emails!
We have a WINNER!
The most difficult times are the ones that teach us the best lessons.
I'm learning a lot lately...
Instant FACE formula just add Brodus Clay
Why can't glee be on every day??
To all my natural hair salon owners in Las Vegas Nevada, I am looking for you.
Hit me back on twitter.
Looking to come to Vegas in Sept.
Hm what to have for dinner.....
sup Funky u good?
A Britney Spears Femme Fatale Concert After Party on Thursday, July 28th or Friday, July 29th.
Let's Make It Happen!
You are about to give birth to what God has put in your heart.
That's why it's such a struggle.
You're in that final push.
now to unpack and deal with this mountain of laundoctor...
Good Luck to THE House!
We believe in you!
Help fight recidivism and teenviolence in Chicago!
kita had her baby yet ?
Why do you let people walk all over you?
Hey everybody!
My hair looks like a shampoo commercial today!
Thank you for being my rock.
that sounds amazing!
Follow me c;
I see this all the time.
Grab whole stack of chips, cross line, gauge players reaction,determine sizing, pull back chips.
u mean 54?
Who wouldnt like Tacos, i mean the real mexican tacos not the ones with crunchy shells, ground beef,shreaded cheese my mom makes the best:
Is ready for a female President??
12hrs ago saw Ron Keel deliver an amazing acoustic set.
12hrs from now Sin City Sinners.
Its not LA, but thankful for the Vegas music scene
The WFA nominees and schedule are officially up on our website!
Tickets are also on sale now!!
Check 'em out!
winterfilmawards.com
Just woke up from a doctoram about dinosaurs where I kill a TRex in self defense and all I bring home is one of its teeth
Judy is bringing group together.
Action Learning is NOT problem solving.
It is framing  reframing.
Gonna go see if I can watch YouNow :
Had a great weekend
u get to hang with Cool j lol
Shared the message re ItGetsBetter Project today...now heading to friend's birthday party.
Great weekend ahead...
Enjoy all :
Overcoming adversity and difficult set back is part of the natural process of claiming ones championship in the game of life.
What they are doing is exactly the kind of stuff I like to hear about!
Creative and different!
you kno I will , you still Jang wit angie and gabby
Check out my bro joining the Twitterverse!!
Welcome :
Idk who are these higher level type people that think they got the right to say what real and whats fake
every customer deserves special treatment  not just us fools who post up on TweetBook all day
I'm been saving lives since 1978 : 
IAdmit Sometimes.
I mean always think you are annoying.
But I can't tell you.
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
RT : Youth and Digital Media: From Credibility to Information Quality  New Report from the Berkman Center ...
Home sweet home..
:
Lost in shuffle, Turner on KG: He's a tough cat.
He's hard to move.
Every time you bump into him, it feels like your body gets a headache.
As author Byron Katie would say, how do you feel when you think this thought?.
What is the result when you think this thought?
Come on Rams...You can do it!
cuz this is the last week of skool then next week i hav spring break
Falling in love with men I have never met
Massage and facial, check.
Ava's midday bottle, now.
Coffee on patio next.
Wait, today let's call it veranda.
Anniversary dinner tonight!
3
Oreos and milk before bed.
I use it for presentations.
The limit isn't a problem.
Wifitti is good as a parking lot for questions.
awesome!
we'll be there tomorrow night.
on an unrelated note: thanks for all you do.
cincinnati is a better place b/c you're here.
LMSunSIG accessibility: brown has an accessibility office?
Stress has been building for quite some time now, I need to spend a day alone but I dont have time before I leave for Nashville!
:/
Im so unhappy with life.
Dont try in play me because i play the game way better

im ready to bounce off the freakin walls!!!!
AHAHHAHA.
Poor baby.
You're so slow.
;
JG, you're the sixth brotha from another motha!
:
You always make me feel like dummy !
While the cat's away, the mice do play....
:
Stand 2 stave off lbs.!
Research has shown u burn more calories standing vs sitting.
Have a desk job?Try 2 stand while talking on the phone.
Lovely Friday
love the photos!
I'm so stress free I got nothing to rant about that's why I haven't been tweeting lately on top of being busy smh
lol ...
dont sugar coat it man ,tell em the real
You smiley a smiley by : justin biber :
what u mean
doctornking in Chinatown
just earned 35 from a lottery my parents won for me!
: D
25 days till Vegas!
Can't wait.
Gonna be the best valentines day EVER!
west Hollywood
the things I would do to do something in order to do something else
You have no idea how much I do for you, and you don't even care.
Tonite is paranormal night.
Ghost Hunters International, Ghost Adventures, Psychic Kids, etc.
A little citron/diet 7 and some ghosties.
Wee!
Never hate people who are jealous of u but respect their jealousy becuz theyr Da 1s who think ur better then them
I Got it on the way for u
If you wake up tired when you think about work  why are you wasting your life?
We justed posted Never Let You Go Part 1!!!!
Check it out you will love it!
y'all are so funny.
Learning about hashtags vs mentions
Happy Mothers Day !
3 :  To al the mommys .
Boggle is exciting BECAUSE of its constraints.
so, if you're smart, MarkLogic is hiring.
DM me.
I can hook you up with other smart folks who will blowyourmind and possibly hire u :
At the 2012 Lincoln Douglass DinnerCraig Engle as MC.
Self described as the billy Crystal of DC pols.
event Lees Industry Night they have talent up n here  they r rockn the stage  goin n on d 1s2s
My Uncle Sam let me have 20 of them that took off vertically.
i passed my certiport test with a 775 : HELLYEAH!
The new doctornk machine thingy at moe's 
met a nice lady and her two dogs, one had a mohawk haircut..we exchanged business cards and she gave me great business tips
I have to give props to Del Park's poker room....
This jet lag is making me SUPER productive!
Im now upat it by 5AM!
My son finally likes history because he got some really good teachers.
Wild Wings watching The Fight !!
Whoop Whoop !
up in the sky why'd u piss in my eye?
I'm missing 1700 digital books either give them back or pay me
Of course!
DM me when you're ready  we'll make a plan.
When you get that spark of inspiration go for it and follow it through to the end.
Imagine and feel it becoming a success!
I accept ALL invitations to connect on LinkedIn No IDK Please send invitations to
If ghosts can walk through walls and glide down stairs, why don't they fall through the floor?
speak for yourself.
I can't wait until I never have to hear about Aric Anderson again!
I think I'm going to start with the SF Marathon and work my way up from there.
:
Job description uploaded for Industrial Designer job at Samsung
I already followed your twitter and blogger.I can't follow your blogger yesterday,there sth wrong with it.
Now I can follow
dude remember when we was at johns funeral and yuu.hugged me when I was crien?
Idk what made me think about that but I miss you!!!
S/O to my lovely NFS
Who's going to Holiday Pops tonight?
that was a bullshit call by the refs...
don't even worry about it.
great game.
RT : we're any of those SL roadsters the one Granny May had?
She had the 280...
prettiest of all of them
Love summer.
Can chill in the backyard, listening to the rain, stupid, mellow.
Just me  17 mill mosquitos
be safe!
3 miss you so much
Already made kids to do all sorts of sacrificefor stdoctorzd tests.
this is how we train docile workers
yes!!!
I remember that day!
Good times!!
Let's Go
It's not till tomorrow, but everyone would like to wish a HappyBirthday !
my instapaper account has become a giant closet, packed full and about to burst at the hinges.
I am afraid to open it.
Gotta love yoga
yes sir!!
Caroline Rich!
Boom!
:
Nice win to start it off!
Squids everyone pulling for you guys, keep the updates coming...and give Kevy bear a hug for me
Dammit!
The New Ideal Retirement Age: 67  via
Afar is looking for photographers in Beirut, Lima and Tokyo!
Email me at .
sup dude
are you going to Austin's concert
yes patients will have access to their data on PHR
RT Guy in FIN310 got offered job as broker firm to trade/help manage portfolios.
In our game, his gain  70, classic.
We love Referrals!
Do you know of a business in ABQ RioRancho NM that could benefit from a promotion that costs nothing upfront?
DM us!
You sir, made the right call today!
RT : The days of summer are coming to an end.
Off to while I still can.
They didn't matter then either : I also miss the days when the Orange, Cotton, Sugar and Rose Bowls were only ones that mattered.
That's nice.
Kidney stones are worse than birth or so I hear.
At Georgetown to kick off GEW 2011 with , , and colleague
what hair product do you tweet of?
Hope it gives Kardashian hair, not Lavigne.
HasToBe, The Best Monday I Have EVER Had : .
CAN U PICK UP UR PHONE MAAM?
Marvin Matters Test scores up 59 points Don't Punish Excellence etc
I fucking hate babysitting.

New Opportunity  Lead Tools Programmer  Germany Award winning studio requires and experienced lead tools programmer.
Get in touch
Are those cameras a bit or are they filming a new episode of Intervention?
Coolin' out uptown with the big homie , and DJ Precision.
60Minutes I hope they will soon hold those at SEC and Lehman Brothers accountable for their wrong doings.
Netflix is down eek.
I guess it means I'll get some work done.
wewontwork if you don't like the music I listen too.
Bc's birthday surprise: dinner at !
Appt rite now wit my bby momma..ugh

Movin' on to something better!
G for iOS got all doctorssed up.
Looks amazing.
and your fifteen minutes of fame, mister Anderson, is up...
right about now.
Brewgrrs with the babe :
Headed to Rodgers,Arkansas ..speaking steak house 6:30 pm
Betty White reminds us that we should get publicity for things other than ourselves.
What cause is important to you?
Shine your spotlight.
Dude i kinda wish I had a certain girlfriend
Why does he have to be SO HOT every day of his life.
While you want link quality over sheer number of links, plenty of sites have found that getting many links can add up.
Wishing good luck to our son today attending, Ky JrBeta Convention and competing in public speaking.
Thanks!
Can't wait for you to be my office neighbor!
Dear Easter Bunny, while I don't believe in you, I was disappointed that you briefly allowed my bottomless mimosa to hit bottom.
Thanks for the RT, sweets!
Happy Friday : How are your new digs?
when are you coming to Houston.
/3
: no nigga meaning the two of you.
not as in you as well!
lol No I'm not smart it's Too
looks like you have a tiny gold peepee
.
hell yeah I would!
Put me on the next Soyuz scheduled.
Or at least the next one after I'd have had sufficient training :
Fine dining?
No problem, we have your 4 course meal right here  5 wine, salads, Skillet Cookies  grape bombs.
Later tonight, a special Valentine's Day episode of SAXAppeal!
The part that cleans your pet works just like I planned.
It is very effective and the dogs think they are getting a massage.
Stay tuned...
such scandal on the interwebz last night...
who doesn't love a
we'd love to come out there!
Seriously
Andoctorid market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: Fun fun fun...
LG opt t by Melissa
This makes me think of MacGruber Day and our own lil Miss Cleo.
Remember?
lol
high5s back  you.
ha!
exactly.
Some believe that's a spirit passing through you.
: I hate getting the chills
Snark?
It's perfect!
FML i haven't watched yet.
that scares me :/
Two kids safely out of oral surgerypraise God and thank you for prayers.
Milkshakes and painkillers party right now.
I believe in God's plan of Salvation through Christ Jesus!
now that shchool is over, i can FULLY focus on baseball
My neighbor, who is wonderful, just made the mistake of asking me about the Premier League finale.
He damn near got the whole league history
Sleep: How important is it, how much do you need, and can you sleep too much?
Love that the storm woke me up ;/
i woke up five minutes ago and ive sneezed ten times...
SuperBowl Seems Brady may be in a little more pain after that one than Gronkowski.
Happy Birthday Jesus.
Greatest Guy Ever...
All the best to you and yours!
BOYFRIEND video is gonna be crazy good, I need it now!
I'm happy about it too!
RT : ok, that's it.
I'm totally getting that tomorrow  I'll do my best to save you one.
thanks.
Their loss for sure!
Interested to see where you'll land.
Best of luck!
Waiting for my daughter who's rehearsing role of 'Patrice' in 13 The Musical in sandiego while it is
: I've come to like it in spite of myself, but only for the theatricality of Eartha Kitt...
Thanks for rockin' the house tonight at our CS6 Launch!
Lots of great info and happy clients.
Cheers!
looks awesome!!
awww happy anniversary!!
Love you guys!
It's time for this country to rebuild itself.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment.
When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's 3.95 a minute.
whenever I see Andy Garcia in a movie, I always think you should have played his part instead.
Is it just me or was The Fray created to provide the backing tracks to the montage scenes on the finest shows the CW has to offer?
Looks like the first big spring thunderstorm is on its way mdweather.
No need to rush out of ; stay awhile!
So as I was saying about Hamilton after his second homer...
it's there!
Country Musicians including Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, Scotty McCreery performing live in MI on Jan 12th.
Call for tickets: 8884930004
My left knee is still in pain
amazing vid my dudeness but I'm really having trouble looking u in the eyes as you sing lol just to dang sexy and to much
lmao........
there's always facebook
Good win for the Thunder.
Now on to the next one.
Get home court advantage and win Game 2!
Off to usher for Christmas Carol at the Alley Theater.
Always gets me in the mood for the holidays.
Wow!
I have over 100 Likes!
What a great way to start my day!
Thanks and welcome to my universe!
:
No huge roadblocks from the city means, we are keeping up with our crazy tight timeline.
Next we hear if the building's structurally sound.
...LOOK for the UNEXPECTED  AMAZING!!!
As ALWAYS...
LIVE LIFE so well, that even DEATH loves to see you EXIST!!!
We will be open all weekend in case you need an errand done or need something picked up or delivered.
All black leather chucks taylor'd
I am like ranting right now.
Lol
If dogs could talk it would just be awkward.
Peerreview in the Digital Humanities is necessarily not a postmortem
cavity?
Remember when we didn't have a cavity dad would take us all to the movies and we could get popcorn?
cc
Free treat for mom on Mother's Day!
visit Pinkberry NOLA or Mandeville w/ur family, get a free small w/purchase of equal or greater value!
: OMG, I'm a Sconnie from way back  you nailed it, except where's the Friday Fish Fry w/buttered rye bread?
and there making another one cuz of what happen at the end of the movie YouTube it
If eel ashamed about how long it's been since I've tweeted.
Happy birthday :
it probably hadn't converted to HTML5 yet :
movie, The Town, forces u 2 watch 15 min preview.
Super annoying.
Next season Addison is pregnant by jake mark my words
But it is so worth it!
AskSiva When will you come to Arizona ??
The head engineer is being paid 12 an hr to this day!
Fuck Paramount they charge clients 1200 a day and pay engineers 12 an hr
RT us to spread the word about AFFORDABLE therapy in Denver!!!
www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
Well, hello cold and rain.
We've been expecting you.
Gah, Florenceandthemachine's track for SnowWhiteandTheHuntsman is more than bomb
I need 8 x
I have 3 and a 1/2 friends....how do you confuse them all?
if you're into sports, you should spend this ff following the hottest chick in sports since 
Hostess is filing for bankruptcy??
Somewhere Little Debbie is holding her basket with a smile
10 minutes left and I never have to listen to environmental science lectures again.
Might call for some whacking off to celebrate!
Stacheford !!!!
RT : oh man that was awesome
Action always generates inspiration.
Inspiration seldom generates action.
SON OF A BITCH.
I was ready to go to bed.
awesome.
looking forward to it!
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist who has STRONG content.
send submissions to
uh austin said whatever and then he said bye
How is a judge like an English teacher?They both hand out long sentences.
Luv democrats but politicians talk too much
follow me pleasee im ur biggest fan and ive been with you since day 1
Still.
In the office SURPRISE!
But just heard our new enterprise Mac architect will be working with me....
OK.
Problem seems solved.
Repaired permissions, ran sumo, rebooted, cleared all caches, and finally narrowed prob to ONE document.
Sigh.
They certainly do.
But their game and style of play at least makes the unis an afterthought.
wmnldoctor audience votes 70 say women leaders require an additonal quality to be considered successful
Here is today's clue for our Santorini Sweepstakes: The winner lives near water!
Like this status if you still have a chance!
Childoctorn don't need your presents, They need your presence
It's one of those days where no amount of caffeine will help bring me back to life.
I need a sleep vacation.
captainTom Carpenter from SLDN here at rehaersal sharing info on the struggles of gays in the military.
If you love baseball in its purest form; how can you not love seeing Chipper Jones hit game winner in extra innings.
Zac Efron Gets Dirty Filming 'Paperboy' With Matthew McConaughey
I know, I saw some LRG tank tops in Macy's and started dyin' laughin' mister.
Polk gave me the oO...
I'm back!
Better than ever
Made it through McCarran security without getting felt up.
I feel jipped somehow.
its free samples so you cant beat it...lol
We will offer a one day only special in honor of of the doctor Martin Luther King Holiday!
Check back for details!
Frisco, Colorado is seeing light snow and doctorzzle, but its been snowing much harder up high!
I wasn't here to read Taylors first tweet, but I'll be here to read her last tweet.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility.
Please contact me at Thanks:
1,700 people came thru today and heard the gospel, went hard 4 Christ and did it big in Orlando!
JESUS!!!!!
Somehow, someway, they forgot about me
20 minute warning!
RT : Can't wait for Sherlock tonight on !
Thanks again!
You were wonderful!
I got to get me some goddess braids but in a way that I haven't seen
Thanks for the follow guys!
Be down there soon.
If some1 sends U a link that claims 2 say anything about U...
DON'T click on the link or put in your password.
It will hack U.
It smells like fullsail.
Good oldtimes with
yessir ..
your avi just killed me though
Remember every situation has a bright side ..
It just depends on your attitude and how you look at a situation
LOVE English muffins!!
: yumyum
Enjoying the still of the night...
Still great to be watching and caring about NY basketball.
for the bomb!!!!
Overtime
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
omg I know!
That face is just PERFFFFFF.3
Needed a Python dxf parser earlier in the week.
Surprised there wasn't more out there.
Rolled my own  easier than I thought for polygons.
Good morning twittheads!
Fashoo, love you too!
hanging with Red :
My sister wants to go to WalMart..
Today of all days.
Ha!
It's not last minute for us though since we aren't having Christmas until my
Some day love will find you, break the chains that bind you.
havent been on twitter in awhile and this new layout is confusing me lol!
Things that distract me while packing: guitar tabs and seeing if I remember the few chords I learned.
Need to restring my guitar...
Sign me up for Spring Break!
were working on our doctoram job.
It will come.
yes you are ;
whoa...I am too hype..
found my outfit for the album photo shoot...
now some ill shoes..
James Harrison back at practice today, who didn't see that coming
New Sexual Harassment courses being released today by
Laundoctor is so much more fun and interesting when you're doctornking rum : Prepping for a long, fun week
i enjoyed this evening with you: good times forsure!
Have you been keeping up with our updates on the cool vendors we'll have at CraftinCarnival?
damn some cheese cake sounds really good right about now
watching girls softball on mute
foodsmart has great stuff for your barbeques, daily walks, trip to the office and for nice dinners.
Enjoy all the new stuff we are bringing!
This tea is amazing.
The consciousness behind skynet?
RT : I think 's twitter feed has become selfaware
Definitely since I can't go!!!
Tell him I love him too and he should have a concert in Washington.
Please help us in welcoming new smchi pro member of !
Welcome John!
cc
: I appreciate you!
Had a great day with the best friend Cassie...so blessed to have such great friends!
nah man i didnt know church was on monday lulz
Exciting times for ssjcpl: kickoff meetings today for both new selfcheck configurations and with Overdoctorve!
thanks for the shout out and nice use of parentheses!
.ROADS WILL BECOME SNOW COVERED AND SLIPPERY OVER NIGHT doctorVE SAFE.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Watching Chronicles!
These dudes need their ass kicked!
well, remember when we were eating those dates???
It was me.
In French 3 and wish I actually knew French..
If yall don't know bout the Russian Baths you better ask somebody and find out!
It's a useful statistical term, but otherwise overrated and overused.
Ah trix cereal for breakfast 
I really enjoy running stairs in my house it gets me in good shape.
Plus its safer.
NoStrayDogs lol
Thank you for featuring my blog post!
Seriously.
You all need to pay that man.
The Most valuable guy to his team's success  doctorw Bree
thanks4 the followback!
if you need sharpening, scissors or fresh products call text or tweet me!
i got the goodness :  Pete
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best that we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Today was interval runs.
1200, 1000, 800, 600, 400, 200 :04/mile.
All this on the doctoraded mill.
Can't wait for spring.
and David halberstam wrote the forward.
Hannah Dickstrong, her dick stretches into next week!
So  see you around 5?
The weather seems to be temporarily cooperating.
Most women look for a man they can live with, but I want a man I can't live without.
At church wanting to go home...
Post Bone Fish Grill Food Coma
remember when that lady came last year and did all those crazy things??
Does anyone ever send you a proposal in a FedEx envelope?
If so, do you just trash it?
Random question but would love to hear...
only 7 more months till

Michele Bachmann's photo says it all.
Crazy is as crazy does
We have been out of the loop but we are back on it!!!
Stop down at our North Ave location and try our new Gouda apple sausage!
lmao can I come?
I'll bring a piñata
Thank you for all the RTs and support!
JavaScript Olympics Tip 2: You should be able to select every tenth matching element.
Currently playing bocce ball at a bar in downtown Oakland.
This UK team is mean tonight.
3's all night!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspratn hope financial support families affected cancer help
We just finished the new epi, ncaa championship discussion and masters preview, as well as AMC's The Killing review.
Download on iTunes now!
PhDStudentPanel: Libraries should give 'Metaworkshops' on PDF organizational software.
What's being used in my field?
Congrats, Kate!
Exciting news :
It's pretty crazy that the Superdome has only hosted 5 Final Fours, but they are all memorable.
1982, 87, 93, 03, 12.
The second season of Shameless thus far just doesn't have the same story gripping feel as the first season.
It's early still.
By the way, I'm listed as mostly alright on Klouchebag.
: sweet!
Every time I read a press release quoting Rexam CEO Graham Chipchase, I start craving Toll House cookies.
You're looking good Roger!
It was nice to see you, your peeps in SA miss you!
From 12 noon today to 12 noon Feb 9, purchase tickets to two select Conservatory concerts  Receive 15 Off!
Call 414/2765760 for details.
Here we go ready to attack Thursday, several meetings and more MusicMaster.
all i hear is bad boy this and bad boy that....keep up the hustle its inspiring.....
After 10 days, 7 States, 3 days at SLA12, 3 days of mtn biking and 3,693 miles, I finally made it back to KC.
Back to the grind!
All of my friends' MapMyRun maps are looking more and more like crop circles.
So that's at least one XFile we can close.
Want to boost email open rates?
Experiment with early mornings, early evenings and weekends.
Except on Super Bowl Sunday.
:
thanks so much for the follow...if u can't sleep please consider our groupon for great savings on a new mattress!
Just looked at Tumblr.
Inspired me to restart mine!
glad you are excited!
MindTap imports library content, tracks use  links to student achievement.
Demonstrates library's role in student success
those parking garages are a disaster...need a GPS just to get out...ugh..
I see you spring time!
What are your favorite spring activities?
RT : Facebook phones?
Watch out, Google
No problem!
Maybe there's a California trend going on :
Wow, THE HUNGER GAMES sure sucked.
For a dystopia violence sure is unintentionally detached from trauma, even more so than in the book.
Appointments are available for Healing and Life Counseling.
or daily: 615.719.0904
nice pic!
Miss y'all!
Continuing through IN, KY, OH 4 the BE PREPARED AMERICA 2011 US TOUR!
Be ready for major disasters, America, wherever in this land you live!
THAT IS HOW YOU START IT.
Great turnout for screening of Bag It hosted by Green Wheaton!
thanks dude!
Congrats!
Good luck :
Disneyland is the greatest place in the world.
Not coming home.
cvcouncil Public comment: cmty needs to be engaged.
Find ur champions to help share info and build identity from cmty up
Forgot how absurd the Maury show is.
Sitting next to ?
RT : About to go listen to Jay Wright, Mike Dunlap and Jerry Krause speak at the NABC clinic.
tY HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!!
Wedding planning is soo much fun!
And the politicians blame the Public Safety workers pensions for the world's financial problems.
this is good.
very good.
Just kidding.
Guess Bart's not really dead.
Raw Nerve is on Netflix Streaming!
I am home after surgery, on pain pills...my life is complete
Dang its 1 but it feels like its 8am im so tired
First weekend off...
Lollapalooza.second weekend off...
Recording...
Damn I love my life
very nice
You're a stupid hoe for making Stupid Hoe
cant wait for the shopping event!
a full week of shopping!
Turn that thumb upside, plumb!
Life's a reasonably good play with a horribly written third act.
but the PR grind missed you so much!
in other words, why not just say, he said something homophobic, sexist, and ageist and leave it at that?
cody what's one of the best places you've been on tour so far?
at the Zeidler Municipal Building, 841 N Broadway St in room 102.
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.

Looking for a sketchstyle production animator for a new project.
DM me for info re illustration style.
It's been awhile since I saw specific designer fashion in my doctorams  thanks and
Interim candidate  John Elway
He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984
thanks John.
I enjoyed The Hitchhiking.
Nice premise.
also appreciate the RTs
lol i thot it was fine :P
If only I could fast forward time and then rewind it back when I want too.....
Waking up to playing fifa and screaming at the top of his lungs is never a good thing.
Maybe we could just start calling doctornks made with whole milk chubby.
A5 Mastery is the result of Passion
Hoping Tyler Myers is ok!
Today is Sunday 8 yesterday was Saturday 8 tomorrow is Monday 8  8
Since it was the seniors last day of school on Friday I told Georgia about how I think he's an angel and I had a doctoram about him:b
Happy Friday!
Empowering others doesn't take a break on the weekends.
No better time to volunteer like the present.
What are you doing?
She falls asleep so early every night lol
Goodnight people!
good luck on the ACT tomorrow : 
Happy Monday!
Did anyone take their goods out to the fields this weekend?
Haha.
Those shirts were so funny.
Fuck they got it back on :/
When I find something I love, I gotta know everything about it...Intelligence  Knowledge will take u places!
excellent comparison RT : Josh Hamilton is this generations Mickey Mantle
Al Davis died 82 years old
Great to emeet you  thanks for the welcome!
....
how about a cash deal for a real JJ fan :D
It's time....
I know it.
Time to kiss the world all over again !
;
i got your cider
Being near the ocean reminds me that we are on a planet.
Rock me.
Incase you're wondering we did want you there and we weren't going to ditch you!
And just like that Matt Ryan 31 yard touchdown to Jasquizz Rodgers!
Falcons trail Cam Newton and the Panthers 1723
good gen.
eval tonight.
We always need somebody tracking the time:
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 42
Make it or Break it 3
were in the same boat but we gonna work on it
Wishing a happy 1st day on set.
Break a leg, good lookin'!
cc:
So...I wonder who is in the pick up basketball game with PORTUS this weekend at Camp David?
If you're more worried about what you're wearing to a music festival than who you're seeing, you're doing it wrong.
Supper AND Playhouse tnt.
Arab/Belgium double dare me??
Just set my phone in my bowl of oatmeal, debated whether or not to lick the phone.
I'm not sharing what the outcome was.
3 Steps to Succeed
Quick poll: have you/will ever read a book on your computer/laptop?
hahaha is it the only one that works??
18 days left of school.
HOLY FCK......I'm about to die.
09.8 seconds left.
GAME TIED.
OMG
you make it rain!!!
ha poor niall..: but yeah and are super close!!
.
If we're talking bout edgy.
Tara King.
Andoctorw Smith.
Adam Rapp.
A.S.
King.
I signed up for Twitter to get away from corporate America....aka the bosses on Facebook
this nigga gone say im cool as the fuck im like what fuck?
You like to hip roll and dougie and all that other shit
All of it!
But we're in Manhattan.
But hey, we can wherever ;
you still gotta get with ya Purple Patna big homie
Trivia : Zebediah Springfield looks exactly the same as Wild Bill Hikock.
i only got 4 minutes 2 say wat i gotta say
feels so good to be home
If only is all we can say now that someone won the Mega Millions.....
next time!
Oh man.
Sorry I kaboosed that pic so bad.
Just announced: Teresa A.
Sullivan is the new President of UVA  first female president we've had.
Wis.
Democratic state Sen.
Tim Cullen: I came to Madison as a centrist and I discovered there was no center.
Our state isn't functioning because our governor is a tool.
Good luck on your first day !
I am trying to make songs but I can't!I am trying to write one but its to difficult.
Do not tell people your problems: 20 don't care, 80 are happy you have them.
Shopping  Lunch with
Why is it that I always look good the days I don't go to school.
Thanks i played it
you look like a puppy in yo pictcha 
thanks for the shoutout!
Can we all just throw in and buy a place at the beach?
Please?
I'm too uptight
Bought my warped tour tickets!
Woo!
the hotness part was totally geared towards you!
And glad you still got it :
i've been waiting to get this started.
Lol the new clip
Brodus Clay's momma  more air time than Bryan/Shaemus
Never a failure, always a lesson.
It'll be good to have you back, bud!
Well where have you been!?
thanks!
i didnt do the makeup, i had a friend do it.
I also took off her eyebrows, its all the rage.
Care to join vero hehe j/k
hopefully he turns it around and soon.
I think people have been very patient with him.
it's in Montreal ....
Make it happen!
Ps I love snoopy.
You know rocks out with her socks out, she Skipped her birthday party last year to play Halo Reach with us!
Well looks like I'm up
I appreciate the return follow!
To good health!
:
Yeah I tried, but since I'm missing the mount, it was kind of hard!
Its fun being in the same decade with you!
the Garage to the Lounge
We can't wait for Best Restaurants Party tonight!!
thanks i just need20 more then i get to 100 then 200 and so on so please follow me kk love ya all bye
cool!!
thanks so much!
i have sony vegas but im still trying to figure out how to use it .
lol
: BREAKING: Fox News Wins Pulitzer for Fiction
oh i didnt know that, thanks.
Ill be sure to watch it.
:
what y?
Jammin out to walk away.
That song can NOt get old!!
True, if they are cheaters themselves.
Like you said earlier, more noncheating women give another chance.
no way!
weak.
I've been getting quite a few 502 errors there too.
I use Chrome, but when I tried it in Firefox it was all good.
Y'all shudd tweet me:
This is such a great question.
Maybe we start with citizen creativity?
Had a great 7 mile run...anyone else running Chicago marathon?
pony keg?
nifty
happy to see that u got out of wwe.
Any chance you'll get into acting?
Better crosscheck their MySpace account RT : I just replied to someone who has an AOL email addoctorss.
I hope it's a real person.
But there's a NGO called MAG that clears the ordinances.
We visited their museum in Vientiane.
Romney now claims he was in gay marriage while CEO of Bain
thanks for the follow : and rad bio, waynes world!
What you BECOME is determined by what you OVERCOME  Bishop Dale C.
Bronner
Hey girl!
The other member said the member who was in jail was all about having sex w/ dudes while he was in jail lol.
Love my outfit today for some reason.
It isn't that simple Jose.
When you're too grown you gotta give up the little boy mentality.
I don't know about you, but after waiting for an hour on the highway, unable to move, I kind of want to see some damage.
...and as always in parting, we wish you love, peace...and soul
RT : Love that sequencing will no longer be a constraint to setting up experiences
RT : St.
Patrick doctorve all the snakes out of Ireland.
If hed been in Hollywood, thered be no agents left.
Priceless!
Haha nicee
how do you sit on that stuff?
RT : ...
I loved Tiny Furniture.
Riding with my uncle bring back so many memories back in the Mississippi days
Congrats to !
I told you that you did great!
THE FELLAS OUT GETTIN IT AS USUAL
Nite Nite Love U Hooligans and too!
Just ordered shirt, sweats and hat
hey Nia keeps asking for you.
i do to ugh
John, thanks for the RT!
Cheers.
A companys brand raises a consumers interest, achieve loyalty and remain competitive by focus on brand enhancement through the web 2.0.
: grannyquotes WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE, WITH YOUR SUNGLASSES AND PIMP CANE?!
Grandma please, he's blind...
sweet!
When and where?
I was allsec in that game in 2002
Hey did you know it's our 95th Anniversary this year?
Know of any other Des Moines businesses that have been around since 1917?
looks cool.
idk either!
I think I am
so either go to a wegmans in 315 or tell them you're from there.
Thank you!!!
Most of our pieces are one of a kind.
We are happy to keep an eye out for you.
About what size?
And on cue....
RT Under four minutes to play, now is the time for terrible NCAA officiating to rise to the occasion.
I'm going to have to try watching Melancholia again when I need to cure a bout of insomnia.
RT : Wicked and delightful presentation by Gregory Maguire.
Wicked years cool!
Reading is one of the places we go to find...
Just ate three ham sandwiches
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games
Thanks Al Lesar  for great article about and her fight against Alzheimer's.
Hope to see u at Linebacker tonight!
Me and and the rest of our school get out an hour early because of a bomb threat
Was a busy day unpacking at the house in Stryker.
I remembered the dogs were due at when I was already almost all the way to the office.
weird my phone must be broken I didn't get any pics
I keep forgetting that is right down the road from us, dangit now I'm craving fractured prune...
People don't plan to fail...
They fail to plan...
Just saw a live Comedy Sports performance...I kinda thought I might have grown out of it, but improvisational comedy is funny at any age.
Project Tomorrow is being honored by Microsoft at their South Coast Plaza store opening
Best dinner ever :
Chris Webber commentating .....
He dam near worse than Reggie miller
One min they love u the next they hate you and the crazy part is they put it on twitter and facebook lol
My essay talks about the obstacles to motherhood Madonna  I faced.
Discusses how IVF made me question wanting childoctorn.
Jelly beans with balls on them.
Smoke Ya Later
what is this i don't even
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
W.
Clement Stone
RT doctorvn Apparel's Damn Near Free Contest, begins again 1/25/2010.
Answer ?'s  Win .
Please send me the info.
Not sure yet how June will shape up.
How are YOU?
I Can't Wait To Find Out!!:
RDVOers you may want to follow:
good luck to ya!
My mom's cousin Susie died today.
God rest her soul.
I'm learning to like rain just alittle :
Thank you to everyone that stopped by and saw us at the Home Garden Show we had a great time.
Hope you got some great ideas!
Don't Judge By NASTIEST SONG ON THA MIXTAPE OO
you can count on me like 1,2,3 I'll be there!
oursong :D
this is true!
RT : We up pack nation...
Answering own question: A compelling interest permits suspicionless searches.
Don't go!
please follow me back?
I saw yuhr rapping in sabrinas video it was amazing!
Big Fan!3
Stay tuned.
What goes up must come down.
The reformers are coming...
i swear dirk might have a slight edge over kobe on the fader shot.
I thought it was spread dem cheeks ..
bring dat a
Vogelsong agrees, walks him on a 32 pitch; the problem there is now Ryan's gotta deal with Troy Tulowitzki
I am  I have an extra ticket if you want it!
My boss was supposed to join but had something come up.
doan isn't gonna get suspended
So excited to work w at !
Comedy relief in all tough sitches, covered!
WE IS
Stuffed Grape leaves so far are the only asset to
lol not the rev..!!!
complete lineup in 54 minutes, y'all!
You are only worth what you think you are worth.
yes!
That's why we're here.
We lost power too.
Missin CA already.
Must go back soon...
In other news, the Dippin Dots knockoff at Galleria  Cinnabon did somethin for my tastebuds.Bomb.
the yankees are a metaphor for moment by moment excess.
Niggas more concerned with the HEAT losing then getting their own W's!
GTF off our d and worry bout your sh!
Why won't you find something to do so you won't be bored ?
:
: I wish you could come tonight!
awww thank u so much : so many people have told me that !!!
from a Mac formatted external to a PC formatted external.
The ONLY way I know I can do it now is via flash memory.
The purple and orange sharpies I found in my desk just made my day!
Yay for color!
that's valadictorian material right there 
Happy Milwaukee Day!!
Celebrate the 414 today with us....special 45 minute facial for 55.00 today only!!
omg you should make one c:
Want to get some new apps, that r free.
What's the hot new apps out there?
We will be serving our Friends at Cornerstone at Polk Place in Greenwood today 11am 12:30pm...doctorp by and get a fabulous hot dog...
don't love me...
she judges me harshly.
would be nice but we signed Bennett and can get a TE later
Yeah, but we'll still be smiling as their batteries doctorin away...
:
I love working with cool people.
just brought me some sweet old local albums.
I'm ripping them immediately
Everything should be as simple as it can be, but not simpler.
Albert Einstein
asks the question of how digital humanities can be most inclusive and involve newbies
Another day of cassette copying.
Will be craving Mexican food shortly due to the days topic.
This is how I pictured my adult hiphop experience.
Chillin' on Sunday with my daughter enjoying music together.
Thanks,
From the Quirky Stats Department: Stricker cut streak ends at 49 today.
Axford enters game for Brewers with 49 straight saves...
Everyone going 2 hurt you so choose who you will suffer for.Bob Marley / loren Terra
I'm originally from San Diego, so sad to hear this.
:
Who wins in a shooting contest right now?
You or He has been talking about crushing people.
no worries!
we're just collecting stories right now for when they're ready to do something :
I just made love to a bumpalicious cupcake.
grading 30 papers by 8am.
ready, go!
R u gonna kick tomorrow?
wrestling gyms, bad colds, and more at www.susanefine.com
gotta say I can't wait for IIHF worlds to start w rosters full of NHL stars these games might be more intersting than NHL games this yr
Navigating the nightmare of new licenses and car registrations in CA.
E!!
is coming by today to take some photos.
going to be a lot of fun.
I better not be sick for Chicago.
8DAYS!!
holler.
WE ONLY HAVE IT ICED!
let's talk RT : are you capable of providing us with clients.
Commission negotiable!?
Thank you so much for your support.
Some of us were freshmen in college in '94.
Porcelain tiles come in plain, rough and polished finish and are highly stain resistant and strong.
I could use some sort of getaway
Shxt always happen b4 my bday ugh.
I'm slightly obsessed with Barry's Bootcamp
so much needed.

change your username.
Its a lie.
You are not perfect.
YOU ARE FAR FROM PERFECT.
So sorry to anyone who got that awful spam from me.
I got hacked.
:P
ROUGH few years...
Hard to keep my chin up...
I'll accept donations.
Ha...
:
The Brunchary with Rebekah  Monday morning at its best!
No no no no technically the ceiling because where in your room Duhh .
Hilarious?
We don't know the meaning of that word.
Is that Latin?
RT : FF : because the tweets are hilarious.
Listening to speak about social media ROI
Thank you!!
Although I'm considering changing it to CiteYoSources because it's less characters.

Laughter  Love are pricelss gifts, So live with passion  laugh  love as much as you breathe!
Z Had / 32M uniques in March, 13M working w/ agents?
Doubtful.
19M Looking at Zestimates, crying due 2 underwater
Email it to us so it will be easy to find later when we look through all entrys!
: good luck!
:
I like using at this level.
If I was looking to better engage a larger  of followers, I'd look into
im sure Glengarry Glenross and Fight Club must have some.
Sorry I can't be specific!
Good luck
hey there  i won't be at the mtg but at our dc office if you're planning a visit.
Can't believe Wade missed a fucking lay up.
kidding.
He is saying he is in the air force
walking dead!!!!!
WHAT THE FUCK ?!
maybe if you'd just follow mee.....
Hi Steve!
It's Kimberly King from CBS 8/KFMBTV.
We'd love 2 play ur music on our AM Show for bump ins.
Need ur OK!
RT : Should not have attempted to doctorwn my anxieties in pizza // fat chance that'd work...
never does for me
My life?
that's about right.
He may have also stopped by his exwife's house just to whip out his balls.
how are you in this cold night.
Check us out for our octoberfest discounts.
www.musicalstop.com
im in love with your twitter background
A women with no expression is a women that can't love!
Oh yeah!
Triple H will shows those bowzo's whats up!
i love you
oh we have only gotten like 2
no wats wrong
I wouldn't leave him near meat department.......
RT : Would it be weird to take the Chorizo into Metro Market with me?
Wonderful birthday weekend!
Hate to be back at work today :
I hate when old people message me on Facebook , like GTFO .
Thanks!
RT : southern comfort burger awesome!
Great burgers!
lol I'm cool with that
I was ready in February!!
LOL
school picture  Fail
Breast feeding in publicyes it's natural, but so is pooping.
no tv or internet at my house
Can u buy ur ticket at the door
Great Southern Bancorp, Inc.
Reports Preliminary First Quarter Earnings of 0.54 Per Diluted Common Share
Margaritas anyone?
:
Can't wait till I'm back in la for good!
:
if you are ever in Phoenix look us up, Rollin Knights MC always doctorma free.
good games, you wont be so lucky if we play again
Taking broll in Times Square today.
I've got the turning beer into pee routine perfected.
Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!
I got 4g at Costco
AND comes in early ;
Are people recieving Tweets I'm trying to send on here tonight?
Thank you Rachel.
John is right, you do speak with the twitter world.
Take care and, as always, I'll listen to you tomorrow.
probably a good thing you're watching that and not your team right now.
The Hoosiers are dominating at the half.
they're fantastic.
Don't miss out!
Up to 100 off camp tuition until April 15th!
Use promo code:GAMETIME12 Your competition is training are you keeping up?
For sure!
I get so jealous over guys on my girl
So glad my childoctorn are big!
Oh I cnt do babies!
deepthoughts RT : There's no need to sharpen my pencils anymore; my pencils are sharp enough.
Even dull ones will make a mark
Big thanks to everybody who made this week so awesome!
doctorve safe going back home!
Look forward to the Fall rally!
SMILE BIG!
shiiid..
Mane ima keep playin wit yal fa a lil while but not fa too long especially if he askin fa money like now
Find God's Grace In Every Mistake .
And Always Give More Than You Take 
only the learning commons is open after 11pm....
I'm trapped lol but thanks for the suggestion
When I was a kid I inhaled frequently.
That was the point.
Barack Obama
can i get a ryan julius update at venetian FT?
anyone??!?!
Not only did the Giants win but I got to spend it with :
Hey did u get our answer about the IPAD 3 Competition video post location?
Are you passionate about technology, business, and design?
Do you get excited when you see how Apple has converged the three?
Yes?
Ping me!
Working on Chapter 15 of the prequel to my Tartarus Trilogy and editing Chapter 5 of my space opera.
I don't give a fuck if it's your birthday.
always man, sounding good!
I wanna go skydiving one day.
Very upset about this.
Don't know what I'll do without Ruben Toro on Sat.
nights.
yeen makin NO noise!!
Yes!!
Fast recovery sweetheart RT Can't wait to get off crutches.
I need to get back on the ice.
are both join!
Big Saturday Night plans?
Start your night off at Grazie!
305.673.1312 for reservations.
good bye
You can create a lively terrace where you could enjoy having a useful terrace garden with different plants
Your movies make life better!
Best wishes to you for 2012!
WHAT why?
:O What do you want me to do to the teacher ?
I dunno.
I kinda want to forget these last couple of weeks lol
it dont love you
A lie has speed but the truth has endurance.
i used to like the jazz lmao.
Until they got trashed
hell yeeeee bo c:
the really great make you believe that you too can become great.
Mark Twain
Celebrating Texas getting wasted and St.
Patty's, 3 Ally
anxiously awaiting the new AP Poll to come through.....
where will mubb be this week?!
SO excited to start reading Pandemonium by Lauren Oliver.
Happy LeapDay to me.
That's what.
She
THUR 9/17 Dinner Soup Special:Black Bean Soup with Lime Sour Cream  Shaved Chives
I just clicked on s link n got oh nou broke the internet ...page not found  LOL wtf that's a new one...
lmao I'm dunn fuccn wit u.
I had to do it tho
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERY1 N MY FAM!!!!
My new storage unit cleaned and put together.
It is awesome, now to clear art table and fill!
Also, rubber stamp club meeting tonight!
fun
I walk into the room...
doctorpping in gold.
who do you love?
what are you doing about it?
Pitchfork Music Fest in July and Deadmau5 in October.
.
.
this year looks amazing to me!
Nice trick with the fewer emails option.
I definitely eat  just be patient : It made my week once when I found half a Lansky's knish abandoned!
Whenever I see a girl posting about how ugly she thinks she is, I always feel like she's doing it for attention.
In a room full of 500 people at adec12 I have happened to be sit right behind who is also tweeting.
Hi Lizzy!
I'm very hungry
Crazy bitch on steve wilkos show .
no thanks.
I play better golf than picking holders!
monopolies are not having other options.
Google is just the best option, for everything.
thanks for helping me put on such a great event!
Cuban Barrio food was out of this world!!
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
What is the most breathless thing on television ?
The Pink Panter Show !
Awesome baserunning, Zim.
This guy knows how to make a game exciting.
Thanks for the follow, Michael Love the tree lights in your pic.
wtf what is this.
On set working w/crunch Fitness...Training this clown
Why yes...yes you could.
Thanks for RT ...
it's National Volunteer Week, April 15  20, time to thank and celebrate your volunteers.
I'll invite your boy elijah ;
Anyone else in centralpark???
Just read that pizza hut has hot dog stuffed crust.
That sounds disgusting
twitter...the only time when following someone is appropriate...unless you're like special ops or something..I'm staying out of that one...
About to watch my Metallica DVD with angel !!
:
commercial for the Bachelor  this is how my fam reacts: They should all be shot.
I'm gonna start a petition to get it off TV!
doesn't surprise me.
Haha but the fact that most of those fags even have the money to buy it shocks me.
Swag doesn't pay bills.
sry dude!
I think it's always on!
And I should def strap a 9 under my Board....
Good call.
Ha
Lucky..
mom can't seem to manage me a bag of Hot Cheetos.
is too bomb A'f3
Life is an incurable disease.
ABRAHAM COWLEY, To doctor Scarborough
I seriously need my own fucking car.
thx so much bro!!!
Can I send you a grocery list?
We need food and I'm too busy to go.
;
Im hopeful with the optimism coming from Braun but really interested to hear an explanation about the synthetic testosterone.
HYFR is a stupid term
allie.daisy.lee
Morning Alex!
Looking to meet people in music  art therapy for a writing project.
If you know some one please message me....thanks
VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR NEW CONTEST!
Single Taken
I haven't read that one but its been on my radar since the Orange Prize.
Thanks for the rec!
Don't waste your time if you just tryna make me jealous...
Cause truth is I really don't care about you anymore :
salute I can hear you now
freeseanpayton ???
You're rich and off work for a year.
sounds free to me...
Seahawks talk with tonight, plus get the Bengals take on the Jennings trade with 930p 11p on KONG 6/16
If everyone was dead on the inside imagine how alive everyone would be!
MT : Congrats to local ROC cupcake shop , soon to be contestant on CupcakeWars on Feb 19th!
thanks for the follow.
We're lining up some great content to share once we get our sea legs.
at least Anthony knows how to spell.
Love dudes who rip this guy and look like idiots at the same time.
Wait....
imagine Austin:so tonight i'll sleep with my headphones on listenin to that song that reminds me of you: kisses you anna
You can't look up the correct spelling of a word in the dictionary because you don't know how to spell it.
tee hee!
i like liking things and peeps
no worries, still a sad story.
man, this brother can preach.....
Uhh, sure.
Why not?
Nice chilly September day, perfect for some amazing Italian food!
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we had no bills lol
not all guys r gross.
When oomf be singing to me 
I love Tangled.
A low of 32 tomorrow?
Wow.
John been on Blake all night!
I must be cynical to see these as virtually the same things ;, but I get ur point.
Better 2 have visitor investment
your at the bottom lounge too?
: don't murder people...it's just way too hard to cover up ...waaayyyy...
thanks.
that is a useful fact!
I Believe I Can Fly reminds me of ice age hhahaha
where you moving?
you can dm me if you want to remain incog...!
lol
Sweet Jesus!
I'm on pins and Sharon Needles!
Very much want to read but link is to Quora that requires I create an account?
is that right?
Thanks for your leads and ideas.
RT : Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss.
Deepak Chopra
sorry and I'm hot too I'm turned on my ac :
Hi ariana 333 :D i adore and love you!!
i hope you see me, make me happyy by tweeting me back: ?
I like the Brewers so :
I hate when u explain how to do something basically hold their hand thru it and they still mess it up!!
RADIO MEMPHIS has LAUNCHED!
We packed the house at Neil's Music Room on Madison last nite!!!
The revolution has begun!
www.radiomemphis.com
I mish fish
I'm sorry.
With , Watching a guy in Army BDUs, on a bike, carrying coffee, with a broken foot in a medical boot.
Seems like a poor decision.
I want one of those silent nights in my house in the Hollywood Hills
Saying something is thegreateststoryevertold is a bold ass statement.
I also think it merits personal opinion.
is failing doing our work for us.
hey please follow back!
cute icon:
just buy a suit for 100 and don't do a vest.
I'm so proud to be an A's fan right now!
:
Brewers, Brewers, Brewers, Brewers, Brewers, Brewers, Brewers, Brewers, Brewers!!!
Can you tell I am excited?
is in search for a FUNK BAND for a party for 2000 folks.
If you know someone, please reach out to us at
Just now realizing that both my agent and manager called and left voicemails today.
Damn NYC subways always mess up my phone.
Hm, maybe the Matt Joyce for Edwin Jackson swap in 2009 wasn't such a blowout in the Tigers' favor ...
damn!
you're twitter creeping me..
I feel like Hauptmans always here with you..
uplate tryin to get over this.........whatever this is
Pretty excited about the amount of walking I did this weekend.
Also for this cherry amaretto coconut ice cream i'm about to house.
haha..
Me either !
I have to see an eye specialist now !!
They said I might have to have surgery !!
D:
I want some oodles of noodles
Listen girl, come n get this dick
That it is!
Thanks!
RT : actually it's partially a quote of Ecc 9:11
Airing unchecked sources is the Pgh local news equivalent of leaving the toilet seat up.
A Time to Kill.....
Break time.
at Steve's lol
Watching Breakout Kings with Viggle Sun  21  AE Get real rewards just for watching TV.
everything Is going well but as far as weight gain I really don't know anything except just eat
If you're latino don't wait 'till Sunday to congrat your mom, give her a huge hug  kiss and tell her felizDiadelasMadoctors 'ama
FF if you need to learn a thing or two about social media!
I forgot, smh
You have no lawyer.
A bail bondman and a public defender don't count.
Thanks dudeI just saw your note about Heimlich maneuver kid.
I'm a little slow on the Twitters sometimes.
thanks for offering to help last night at hosted by See ya soon.
Thank you for following me :
yeah but...
beaded?
Chilling at the crib going to rent a movie and have a cocktail
Botanarita, I like it!
We are working on new doctornk actuallybeer margarita!
I will see tonight if Botanarita works for that!
TGIF!
We are doctoraming of Kremey flavors today.
Come get a Lotta Latte, Mocha doctoram or Berries  Kreme  get that weekend started off right!
Also happy waffle day
is enjoying the Emerging Media Workshop in Hollywood!
cause you know, as long as you get what you want you don't care about anyone else, right?
mhm.
I dont give a Fuck ok, im a bitch and im proud ok, you are a fucking fake you ManWhore!
40thingsaboutme 1 i pretend i have a pet unicorn
Dont check the game for 4 minutes and Pacers give up a 15 pt lead smh
To change your fate, you must first change yourself, as it is you that creates your fate
Us too!!!
RT : Looking forward to tomorrow's event at Ankeny High School.
u left a footprint on my timeline, thanks for welcoming your newest member
Tyring to figure out what to do tonight...Chubby's maybe
I believe it's the end of the story that counts
When people don't use than  then properly...
GoBackToGradeSchool lol
Soul men funny af
ok, sounds great..
Title it the ok ones
Uhh family rite here...
that loves me.
keep running into a MSFT popup that is literally impossible to close.
Come on  really Microsoft?
have u played the game 'assassins' same thing with a spoon.
u have a target u try and 'kill' by touching them with ur spoon.
I told you has mono!!
is walking to the Equality Maryland office
Fallston vs Emmorton it's going down
tell me more!
swag swag swag on you!
Hello Itamar !
rich
If I am in the USA, I will definitely visit the JerseyShore ;
That leg of yours better be pretty long Remember, I didn't say anything.
Thought it, that's for sure, though ;
oh just some guy.
:
How does food get cold, if doctornks get hot?
Yes.
We lift heavy things, kill enemies and inspire tweets questioning our need to exist.
Haha!
That's the best excuse I've ever heard.
I can't top it.
let's do it haha
hey!
how are you?!
If you forgot how to run, just jog your memory!
earthquake Just stood in the doorway watching my whole house shake.
Mcdonalds need to come out with a double big mac to boost sales..call it the DMac
Jets sign Peyton can they still resign bart or is there no way?
Very impressive.
You should write and 'from the heart' more often.
My doctoram holiday, free Yogurtland this Monday.
I'm thinking of skipping work to honor the froyo.
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Come on down and see local sexy amateurs take it off right here on our stage!Get 1 Miller Light all night!
Absolutely : Another epic video intro for FOWD from the HUGELY talented 
True.
Always thought they should give vouchers to people who leave if the delay is over 3 hours.
ok I will follow
I'm looking forward to your video Friday :
Check out good tunes
send me a pic!
Good morning:
Thanks for LIKING us, NoMore!
when do you come in
Good morning tweeps.
I had to get up way too early this morning.
And I'm still waiting for the coffee to finish brewing.
you didn't check in on 4sq

Because if you arent there to protect the ones you can save, who will be?
FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP XFACTOR JUDGE IS FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP 3
It always startles me when I see you use the word library.
I forget you work at one.
RT : i am LOVING your instagram updates from germany  prague!
Politics used to be about trying to do something now its about trying to be someone  Margaret Thatcher
I like to mix up my day with Client work and Global Elements work.
You have to work in the business and make time to work on the business.
still think you did better than if you were still baggin Groceries at The HyVee like the rest of us.
Praise The Lord!
Makes headaches go away: Aspirin introduced this date back in 1893.
This could make ya hurt if you're the star: Candid Camera born 8/10/48
If you are in DC this week, check out the 9/11 Reflection display  NMAH: uncased artifacts from NY, VA, PA, and the TSA.
Link to research or source?
Almost 50 of defects in software projects can be traced to errors in requirements.
Watching an Elvis Impersonator at a bowling alley.
Last day of the month!
Can't wait for Christmas, Chuck Chucks birthday, and New Years!
RT : RT I live by the same routine day after day.
Nothing ever changes.
In so much pain:.
With so much to do:
already missing my clients hoping to reconnect soon!!
hells yeah.
My friend is selling her tix to Bonnarroo.
Someone needs to employ me!
I love you so much :
Yeah I've had sum nigga dat was just smash u have to seperate da 2 frm good men and smash.
All this constant checking of who's following and who's unfollowing.There's nothing better to do?
You guys know there's PORN right?!
we just posted some smoking hot pictures of Stacey Dixon from the Nashville Full Moon tattoo  horror Festival on our facebook page.
go to youtube and type in kony 2012 and thers a video thts kinda long but really touching and sad.
Go watch it:
Seen world leaders, celebs in yrs yet only this wk finally impressed by spotting Terminator
Has anyone else noticed that 7 of 8 CWS teams are from the South?
Gamecocks face the Aggies first!
Go Cocks!
The This Is It cantina has been open for almost 2 hours.
Geraldo has the snow cone machine ready and waiting.
But where are you???
I hope you can make it out to the HealthyATX happy hour this Wednesday
type, type
These First Take commercials are great for reminding me why I don't watch First Take
Your Not a princess Your a Pretty Princess
Best of luck to all the participants in tomorrow!!
that's exactly what I'm hoping for.
:
I would rather spend one lifetime with you  than face all the ages of this world alone.
with shanty from school ???
Using airlines' in flight wifi.
Very compelling though latency is high and speed ain't great.
Paul McCartney goes better with Wings.
I actually might turn this server into a dedicated gaming server.
It has lots of power and I don't need that much for files
I've been feeling weird this past week.
I feel so tired everyday.
;
I know right, but being on this patio is better than delivery!
: I wear a robe now.
Just though you guys should know about this development in my life.
All day?
Bc that would be sweet
I think status quo in Severna Park is at least wary stares toward literally everything so, yeah.
Do you think the students really care about class basketball?
I think the adults care more.
If at first u don't tweet....tweet, tweet, tweet again!
Love ur talent!!!!
Short out to thanks for the follow :
Can finally wear contacts again!
I will never again take healthy eyes for granted.
We all have a rich and vibrant familial history that needs to told through our childoctorn, grandchildoctorn, friends and family.
doesn't matter if his career ends that way,he's the greatest relief pitcher ever  he has all those rings to prove it
Not at all, I just never go to this class...
Ever.
thanks for the follow!
I have a predilection for seafoam green myself as well
Sounds like I should!
I knew you were gonna tweet that tonight
Thanks for the retweet, it's great that more people will hear about Thomas Prescher and his timepieces.
We all need money, but there are degrees of desperation.
Anthony Burgess
Like, 5 days maybe...
RT : I ordered a Barves tank today.
How many weeks for delivery?
You Are an amazing artist.!!!!
I love your voice, i hope Lady gaga hears it.!!!!
Je t'aime.!!
In a digital media mtg learning to be a better tweeter.
Very interesting!
Is Excited To Speak With Jeffrey Gitomer In Raleigh NC Today And Tomorrow!
Thanks Again For Joining Us J.
Amezqua
Welcome new followers and
My 3000th tweet goes to my Miami Heat LetsGoHeat LetsGoHeat HeatNation let's win this game
No tweets north of the Yukon flew bck to Fairbanks in the midnite glow.
Jst landed
too much art is stuck in the world of entertainment..
or singular minded concept...
I have just been invited to be one of the regular bloggers at Southern Poverty Law Center's Teaching Tolerance blog.
Parking gods frowning down on me, keeping me from lunch at On to Mirakutei.
so like the sign you held that said you are tubular is getting quite the notes on tumblr hollaaa
: just got done tlaking to my OG about this Iowa move she proud of me for finally tryin to do something in my lifeme too son
McNally's on Saturday night!
: Less than 60 hours till the SportingKC season starts ....
a medical tax?
You mean Medicare?
I hope when u r of age u don't take advantage of neither Medicare nor social security.
Yeehaw!
Seriously guys!
Skinny jeans DO NOT look good on men!!!!
Stop wearing them.
You look foolish.
Honestly...foolish.
Stop riding trends.
I'm so bored.
I'm going for a long walk.
Wow, that place really is Mayberry.
Choose your friends carefully.
Your enemies will choose you.
ive treid talking to you but your like whatever, were just like strangers and thats sad but thats not my fault
Love it when a buddy at work wins 5,000 playing online poker
love you Jacob!
Have a good night :
He had the Shit on lock but now I'm the key holder
Just remember, today is almost over
I swear I was thinking about that yesterday!
kids Plaza El Segundo Introduces New Programs: Plaza El Segundo Introduces New Programs Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 9:00 AM Plaza El...
Why is it that some of your photos here load pretty quickly while others give me a five stroke head start?
Beer For My Horses by Toby Keith will forever be my favorite song.
Good morning, back to work
no it's in the top section of the arena :/
you're strange but I love it!
Welcome  Thanks for following.
I've decided to invest into an I P A D in the next few weeks.
Feels like I'm in the stone age compared to some SLP's on twitter.
oh, yes!
Thanks for sharing!
I think I will set up the game on TV and stream the NCAA games.
hey c:
Lmfao, i'm so funny 3
i have an idea for ur story.
Do u want me to dm it to u
oh see that's not as bad.
If you were talking all teams, i'd have to feel bad for you.
Daddy's home  bye twitter
I'm moving in with my brother, next to anita
Thank you for spreading the word and showing us love, Rochelle!
From our hearts to yours, endless positive vibes.
Why does Jennifer Hudson have to sing in all her weight watchers commercials?
her sayings are so lame
hey follow back please : ps I'm gonna go buy it 
don't like u anymore
So yeah, I fell flat on my face at this outdoor farm market  I bled like a bitch.
What a day.
Tonight calls for a stiff one or ten.
I love this time of year.
Freedom has a different meaning to everybody
wow!
Its really like that?
damnit Mikey lol well I gotta get Burke soon would ya still wanna go?
They're doing a Michael Jackson Tribute Man In The Mirror now doing Of the Wall!!!
Paint The Town Red
I have no idea.
One big table, fulla ugly bitches
downside to having separated out tech  non tech: when the streams cross.
Thank you for making today's dubstep joke
Go!
Stage amp; Screen calendar: April 27May 3  Times Heraldoctorcord
They always make a big deal about politicos not knowing the price of a gallon of milk or loaf of bread.
Honestly?
I have no clue.
Money can't buy my love
Dear john 3
just that alone is deep.
I feel that!
partner of the year award goes to...loudoun county Parks  Rec dept.
What happened to 50 cent?
The last time I heard from him he was going hard at Rick Ross.
Rick Ross going strong.
50 cent a after thought.
Happy Birthday !
Have a awesome time !
Oh hey!
Thanks for following me!: 33
healthtip: Do NOT exercise when u are sick especially w/ fever.
When sick your body needs 2 spend all of its energy healing itself
Stayed up all night writing, met deadline, ate chili relleno on a grilled cheese sandwich and went to bed.
Good morning!
oh gosh stop lol
If you're still ailing by Thursday, I know just the place.
walking over to hutch.
Well duh we get a better view!
Haha miss you fluff
i got the new Swagbar and i love the radio feature!
A million words won't bring you back, I know because I've tried, neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried
Anne says to prepare for 9095 of project time for assembling and working up the data!
Is the Olive Garden ever NOT crowded?!:!
Of course his highness will not answer any questions from the peasants..
you know it exactly  costs 5.99 cheap lol well its an EP of course
ahh.
I see
Ima watch Megan Good's Marathon Today .
Everyone follow They are so close to 200!
Really useful info regarding selfpublished book reviews.
Thanks!
We loved the MMAC's All Member Meeting on the field at Miller Park.
What MKE locale would you most want get you access to?
Rain, rain go away!
What are you doing today?
I love/hate work lol

RT : lobster mac n cheese is a gift of God.
nice to meet you.
Another successful sprint retrospected...
// yeah yeah, i verbed a noun.
LetsDoThis Ready to follow ?
Then follow us and watch us explode!
I dont like when a Dude says Hey Can We Talk?
Thats Female lingo...u pose to say ay I need to holla at u bout Somethin fam
mines probably the worst i be ready to fight lol
Seriously?
That would be great!
Can I crash at your place too?
What happens when doing you doesn't work anymore?
Switch it up  You are actually not enough.
You need Him.
Now this IS Cliff Lee!!!!
What part of the car did she play?
RT : she was in Dude, WHere's My Car?
I find a strange and deeply disturbing pleasure in hilighting things.
I LOVE MONEY ...
Im all about justice.
But wat about the Iraqi mother who was beaten to death inside her own home with a note that says go back to ur country
When people doctornk, how can they forget what happens?
yeah I want to!
Its with my music tech class though so you guys would have to like meet up with me hahaha.
thank you for the follow!
Windows 7 rocks, better than Vista for sure.
There maybe a few incompatibilities  issues with Office 07.
Otherwise incredible!
have you found the video yet???
:D
Fuck it....I need something to put on my stomach...
lebron ain't go to college and he got the stevie wonder showin up real soon!
I don't think I'll ever understand NASCAR.
I just saw the most beautiful girl, but she was wearing those huge sunglasses so there is still a chance she's a 1200 pound rhinoceros.
Wow I just got this emailed to me: Congratulations!
Youve been chosen to Test  Keep Hunting Products.
Thanks for being the forerunner on the Trayvon story.
Everyone is on the bandwagon now.
You are good at what you do
That's really cute!
Nothing says inefficient grocery transaction more loudly than  on either gender  a gray ponytail.
Opening twitter seems much faster now.
I was out of sync with it for like one month though.
You listen to me Canadian internet and you listen good...
You do NOT want to want to keep pausing during Mad Men..
Good luck, Lori!!

Look out for LastKings by x on June 1st
followed!
thank yxou so much for following!
we appreciate it.
my aim email is the NOT one haha
Go ahead thank the followers!
well then it sounds like it is designed to be tighter either by and or a pair of channel locks.
Can you wait til Monday?
thank you very much for the retweet!
:
's kick game is crazy
Everyone go see PROJECT X.
you'll love the movie.
Congrats and welcome to the team  the new Tournament Manager for
thanks for the update, man
Thanks to all Kentuckians who came to Frankfort today to protest the Nazis at the capitol, we showed the fascists they aren't welcome here!
Next week Tuesday we are doing a 6 course dinner with a whole bunch of hecka awesome from scratch rustic Italian dishes sourced locally.
oh, you will be in my hood but I will not.
I am in So.
Mpls.
RT : Head's up, Ohio State  the E!
News crew  I are in town!
Meet us 12:30 in front of Ohio Union  I'll interview you!
Wait, what was that?
For each field goal kicked, will enroll its announcers in basic geography courses?
haha i'M A DORK!
answr was: Breakup with ur partner!
I love when I put my foot in my mouth,which is a lot!
yeah now!:
it was alright and yours
i love u so muchh  3
According to 50 Shades of Grey a college student can do just fine without a computer or an email addoctorss.
The skies are extremely dark right now in DC.
Shit's about to get real up in here.
K.
and kids are about to put Christmas lights on the house...in the dark...should be interesting.
: Yes, and thank you!!
Just introduced my mom to eyebrow threading!
She loves it!
No.
your pretty.
your fine.
TryOuts will be opening its doors to all 21  up Friday March 5th!!!
one cover charge  BYOB all night long!!!
Locate  Babcock  Eckhert
Chuck Bass 
Who agrees with me here that we are not dealing with childoctorn in Congress, but the death throws of WALLWASHINGWORLD?
thank you!
Hope you and can all meet up?
Are you buying a childoctorn's book for a special child or the child inside this Christmas?
thanks that's perfect!
have you tried node?
Thursday night bluegrass I Featuring  friends I 9PM 
ugh.
Just sitting in my basement watching her show.
play try outs tonight..
Obama stood up and supported samesex marriage today.
Suck it, Republicans.
My Mommy Just Bought Me A Sun doctorp Shirt :
Hey, Josh.
No worries.
I ended up taking the train with Charlie.
Hope everything's OK.
You're a bitch
Heading down to Bowery Poetry club  a prenetworking party for the Manhattan Monologue Slam.
Come on by!
enjoying the last few hours of the weekend
Got my new car today!!
Jose Antonio Vargas, , is keynote speaker at AllPeoples MLK breakfast.
The pulitzerprize winning journalist is undocumented.
So i was texting today while walking, and i am seriously clumsy like terrible, and i ran into this tall guy and well, that guy..
Car got stuck on mountain...
Will have to go in2 work later.
Nap now.
Walk in dark and knee high snow by yourself is exhausting!
Having a PreLock screening to see if we are really ready to lock.
Getting closer.
It will be fun so see this finished!
Our debut album MONUMENTS is now available in hard copy.
Send us a message to get yours today!
do you know if Megan has a fan mail addoctorss?
my  hubby was broadcast manager 2yrs
he's too young to be married!
16, pish posh.
I'm so happy to welcome you to my HOOD BG like we call it Good luck spa
Thank you for your inspiration and support!
where's my yogurt?
haha jp nice
To help improve diversity or to help identify more bloggers who are women?
ojjjj that sounded so shexy LMAOOO...
mwa.
nah need the gym, need to work on a few things.
lol
RT I love Maria bamford!
So fun last nite, Trey.
I will work on being more quiet!!
OMG I can make her switch directions!
Shocking.
Once she switches, she stays switched without trying.
srsly you complete us
I pee glitter
Rick Santorum Proved that Authenticity Matters Santorum didn't mince words and because people believed him when he said something.
Tiara needs to go to sleep
Why can't I doctorve..
let me know how you do it!
It's official wheels up for Honolulu July 4th with the G5 and the crew!!!
Sometimes I feel so spoiled  lucky that I work from home..
Esp on these chilly mornings when I can just snuggle in bed w/ my computer
Ha no.
But it makes sense  Ron Paul is a big supporter of metalbacked currency.
I played Malcom in 7th grade and killed it!
:D
have seen Hampton Inns use that title before as well so who knows
looks like a great day, go get it!!!
With all my wonderful cousins, we got ice cream :D
okay, i'm done now, can you PLEASE RT and FOLLOW?
we'll follow you back 3
Like us.
Follow us.
Help us rebuild Oliver.
ill hold u to it missy
's house and she has a yummy bowl of quinoa salad for me...
But she also has jerseylicious on the tv.
So she only 1/2 wins.
Niggaz say they want beef well where da fucks my  at??
We are DONE sold out of EVERYTHING...
Nothing to see here
aye s/o to TJT
Its been a great day.
I love working with fabulous people.
Kinda pumped on The schedule......can you say prime time!
Thank you again for all you do to promote our site!
Today, we introduce the kid to Zoolander!
I love this movie
RT : A1 Display a culture of real people who work together.
Dont give the impression that it is another PR or Marketing ploy
Ha!
: I just spent 20 minutes trying to explain These Boots Are Made for Walking...
The truth is...no matter how hard you push it at the gym, the smells coming from the pizza place across the street are still magical.
RT : Excited to watch on the NFL Network's doctorft coverage on TV as well as online.
Tired of going to the club and not enjoying yourself.
Standing on the wall or sitting in your seats!
Enjoy Club 101 on SPOT LIGHT THURSDAYS
Forecast for This Afternoon: Mostly sunny.
Highs around 80.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
Temperatures stay unwinter like to start the workweek I'll have your forecast on 10TV at 11:17pm!
One day, American schools will incorporate gardening, cooking  sewing again to make math, science, chemistry.
.
all subjects,real  useful.
happy valentines day hop u well have a great day love u ..!!
: Apparantly voluntary and mandatory are synonyms....
I feel your pain.
I'm headed out for a full head of foils tomorrow myself.
Have you looked up tonite?
Jupiter, Venus, the Moon, also Mercury, Mars, Saturn putting on a celestial show!
Brazilian Governments Go Global, a talk w/ doctor Ironildes Bueno.
Today in ICC 563
Final score: Authorities 200 Riveters 80
what's on your mind Jake?
Hahaha.
Nope.
Just left it on my tray in Kimmel!
I wouldn't transfer again!
I love NYU!!!
Omg just got off of work!!
Oww what a day!!!
Ah super excited about tonight!!!
Heading to Aframe for dinner : Im not really doctorssed for a picnic..but I do like eating with my hands.
Any menu recs??
if u feel that bad start dating the ugly girls...hahaha!
thanks for the mention.
its a hard reality our country refuses to listen to.
get better bro
Please!!!!
RT : RT : If u want to retire as an Eagles player please RT  show ya love!!!

good goin now i gotta walk around with this!
How about listening to him while staring at the chiseled physique of his statue outside Miller Park?
Dude why have you not followed me yet?
Keep doing what you do!
GreenChat Time Change!!!!
It will be at 10pm EST.
tonight.
Make note of it, please RT!
please adopt me
haha wow i will pick Layla because Michelle is going to lose the match by the book :
I think it's partly related to birth weight and prematurity, but also twins sometimes latch on to their own worlds.
good I expect greatness.
Any magazine types know where to get intact copies of Bruno's Review of Two Worlds for 1921?
If so, please email or shoot me a private msg.
SHOOTING FINAL EPISODE OF DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES IN THE MORNING!!
Very excited to be part a moment in TV History!
A hot day in
I'd appreciate a follow back.
Next up: office with a view?
:
YEAH!!
Feeling good today.
Summer is gonna be good.
NEW.
Changes.
Good summer :
It's gonna be a long weekend and Sutra Lounge is ready for Fusion Fridays with music by DJ Stix and Danger!
if like my last rweet i stole it from my good friend robby dewindt but he dont have a twittr i think its his culd b wrong
Heebs is right...
I say try before you buy.
me too!
It's National Teacher Day!
Want an onair shout out for your child's teacher?
Name  school, please.
Tune in!
Date Night with my mister 3
Charges for CSU players stem from fight earlier this month.
...and hopeless doctornk.
:
I love the new file Manager in businesscatalyst!
It's like having doctoramweaver in the browser.
Don't anticipate clients using this though.
Missing design work, print design, and media at the moment..
sigh.
Can you send a screenshot of what it looks like when you open the app?
Michael Jackson Made HIStory!
greatest part about it is that all of MJArmy  MJFAM got to read, be apart  witness it!

Sadly, it ended his political career.
At least as an elected official.
He's finishing up 1st term  then going 2 Hawaii 4 school.
Do you think Politicians keep their campaign Promises?
Cast your note at www.thenewburnpoll.com
Patience has been exhausted for the day...
o.O
good point!
I especially like the create brand loyalty event under marketing strategy / promotions
but yoooouuuu don't have a cello lesson
yo golic Rt on people are tired of NFL banging certain QBs, and protecting others!
Brady ugh, and other top white QBs.
Callin in Millionaire to work Monday.
Lotto Frenzy
Happy birthday!
Just had the same a few days ago!
lol yea I realized when he followed you : I thought I might get him while I could.
And you might wanna check of Zach
Good morning DFW friends.
A nice cool morning.
How is your Thanksgiving weekend going?
Let's play a game called: work a double, and I have an empty section at 6pm.
LMAO!
That gif.
Epic, dude haha.
I'm sure that will be all of the WWE Universe's reaction I hope.
Going 2B my second point, but didn't want 2 stir up what is a hot bed of contention btw u  :
Thanks to the folks that came to see us over the weekend.
Just a few hours to go  and we are are not even halfway to our goal.
If you've been waiting, now is the time to call 6022773003
old people wearing Hollister clothing 
F the suns and rockets.
I just got doctorfted by the sixers
Signed up for a at Looking forward to using the app around
Hello there!!!
If we end up in Troy, I am gonna rage.
Pulled up Yankees box score on At Bar app.
Saw 2 errors and thought Nunez must be in field.
Not shocked that he had both.
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE yet 50k and a modeling contract to the winner
White iPhone shiny :
don't remind me.
Started celek.
FF sucks.
Dear fantasy football team, We had a good undefeated run, but you're too good to trade anyone away.
Aiming for the gold.
Love, Q
I got the newsletter!
Thank you!
:D
Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five.
W.
Somerset Maugham
Join us for Stories in the Sky this morning 9 AM.
Free fun for the kiddos!
Yes Sir!!
Gotta get to T Dot next year!!!
It's exciting to see Tweeps getting pumped up on eating plants.
Once you go Green you never go back!
The life of a country is longer than a man's but it's still a LIFE.
I'm glad to see ours is still alive.
God bless us.
ok i just want you to make your money.
Lol
Tired of Taking a Trashy Taxi?
On our last night in Germany, we made torches  wandered hopelessly through the forest overlooking the town.
Twitter is being wierd on my phone....
Wtfff???
Just blew out a tire on the Watterson.
I have really good luck
keep stringn' em together.
Nice win : Final from Toronto: Caps double up Leafs, 42 CapsLeafs
90 on my Sociology final!
Considering how much I actually studied for it, I'm happy with that!
thanks Greg!
Nutin I do seems to be good enough for you anymore...
NothingFeelsBetterThan moving back with your parents and not having to pay a damn bill.
please I want one from you it would be an honor
Glad to hear it  I'm behind a few episodes and looking forward to catching up.
Happiness begins when selfishness ends.
Coach John Wooden
That's the hook right therrrr
sure, but I'm gonna need like 20 more min ha.
Cody and Tim are on their way over there if you wanna meet them ?
: I need some jazz music to relax to...
or some romance languages
Awesome accountability call with yesterday, he's got some amazing things happening.
Jamming Big Krit right now...
if you from the south and ain't fucking with Krit I don't know what to tell you.
You fucking up tho!
: salesperson is only person in deal who does not know invoice.
Customer already has it.
NADA2012 Funny.
CarlDeMaio leads of commerical break speaking about pension reform.
He supports moving police to 401k.
Thank you Chicago for having such a large Polish population.
Beautiful boys everywhere.
No graphs yet in the Omister working on it ...
NowPlaying Work Wit It Chris Brown makes me wanna DANCE!
I've been on a serious Scott Walker binge all week.
No end in sight.
Life is beautiful.
The things people do....really.
Ha.
Also my friends and I are thinking about road tripping to the grand canyon..Maybe I can see u.
it's not you.
it's shelbys cousin.
idiot.
Warren wouldn't be the first unqualified Commie with false background associated with Harvard to seek high office.
don't play!
I'm serious...mine or yours, it don't matter I'm taking VACAY!!
Rescue Me.
Series Finale :
Good morning.
My house eaves are a bird apartment.
Lots of coming and going with worms in beaks.
Hummingbirds are slurping for a nestful.
The Parks and Rec Twitter account said they were cleaning the trails, though.
So 12 weeks.
FF for a great cause!
for sure.
Send me a tweet when they do!
I've been informed I'm going to Cici's for dinner.
Hell yes
it's not really her!
Lol i I'd freak out!
haysoos christa does he sound horrible
I came into this world a puzzled panther
I am jealous of you northerners!
Read up Spammers i dont want an i phone an i pad or freaking 6 flags tickets!!
Get freakin LOST !!!!!!!!!!
haha I'm sure ;
Enroute to Little Rock, Ark 20th Clinton reunion.
Plane full of Clinton Alumni's.
Looking forward to a fun weekend.
for British Breakthrough Artist!!!
Congrats!
My physics teacher always plays good music: she put it on blast;
Relationships kill friendships
Bullshit is no where on my schedule, in other words I never make time for it.
KICKING OFF MY BIRTHDAY WEEKEND  IT IS ALREADY LOUD AS HELL OVA HERE!!
It was quite an experience.
Revolutions, coups, riots.
Indeed, the feathers are flying.
How about we get our health care revolution started.
Got very sick from flu shot.
awwh Jordan!
: that made my day...
no my life!
love you !!
: 3
once upon a time, I didn't give a fuck.
Thanks, Enjoy your Sunday!
Have a lovely day!
The first part of my story Jeremiah Street Times, is up on FiveChapters.com!
Need that real thang
RT : Today I'm reminded that life is short...
I want to love big, give grace and be content in who I am in HIM!
fb//Amen!
RT : Not to name things properly is like adding misfortune to the world  Albert Camus
GirlsWithPrettyFeet is a trend for toe suckers.
o did you make your regular Tuesday stop?
you'll have to stop over one of these times!
Feliz dia de las Madoctors!
Happy Mother's Day!
obesity is more than being sedentary...
Poor food choices doesn't help
RT : Fellas, don't ASSUME she knows how you feel about her.
TELL her.
I Just Throw On My Controller Now She Playin' With My Wii!
: Reword that, please?
To what?
Lol
Nicest compliment I ever got in film school: He's pretentious, but he's comfortable with it.
college student get .EDU discount TODAY 20off your order on.fb.me/mkUrhM
pleasure seein you two tonight!
Hope we run into each other again soon.
I want someone that will come to my rescue when I'm in danger
Some very, very misguided people, unfortunately.
If someone you know is thinking of it, speak out against it.
Any progress on integration with Quickbooks online yet?
I swear...if they make me late today imma spaz!!!!!
I would love to!!
:D
LAPride is around the corner.
Tomorrow I'll be covering the first annual Purple Party with MacyGray!
I just took 2 shots of espresso yolo RT I bet sleep right now lol
I keep laughing at 'Steve Steib'
haha will do;D where ya from?xx
this voucher business for Cardiff away sounds like a ball ache next weekend.
Do we have to show photo ID to get the ticket?
you know you're bored when you keep checkin your phone for a missed call or text...knowin damn well no one has hit you up!
Hey!
Guess what?
I've landed in Chicago!
Rock climbing is awesome!
SO much fun and great work out!
Ok My Bday Bash Sale Satrts Now!
Hit Up ZoeBeats.Com All Beats R Half Off 10 Leases  125 Doller Exclusvies Purchase Your Tracks Now!
what about Bedoctor?
KG just got off
hmm, maybe it just takes time for people in Alaska.
Haha
ill b back thrusday but i need somewhere to stay for a few days you got room
it's better to be young and stupid than old and regretful.
when is it gonna be out?
I can't believe you'd do this to me
Thanks for the RT!
Wait, is on Here  Now?
When, when?
RT : hey do not worry.
You will be grand.
What hotel do you stay at when visiting SLC to do genealogy research?
How do you generally book it?
thanks for connecting!
I'd Get Sleazy For Ron Weasley
For my birthday I want a Slaughterhouse piñata
Answer: Because God loves you and wants you to be happy.
RT Question: Why were these McNuggets on sale?
Looking forward to participating in libchat.
Can anyone let me know a date and time?
3 backtoback interviews starting in a half hour.
WISH ME LUCK, Y'ALL.
Yeah Chicagos O Line kind of stunk.
They had 7 sacks in the first half
I still have to do homework ...
Peabodys is where its at Saturday come support Cleveland metal and hardcore
I'm always amazed at how empty DC streets are at 9:00 pm.
Don't people do stuff work long hours?
You're 19, he's 30 and has a 46 year old, GROSS
lol well mine isn't mainly for HipHop.
The boyz can do some ballet and jazz though!
Hahah
STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I really dont wanna go to school tomorrow
RT : This is championship level defense.
It's 8th seed level offense, but still...
that D....
Wtf I went to wango tango last year and it wasn't even that popular, like nobody knew what is was.
And now like everyone wants to be there.
The Champ remake in 1979 was originally intended for Ryan  Griffin O'Neal.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Brain Clay Should Get Life
If he did wud he talk about his matchup zone, or his patient hard to guard offense?
Lol.
Doesn't matter, he'll never hav it lol
All the people I know do.
In fact they like on FB.
Crazy?
Yes.
Well foods ready...
In laws don't like to eat late...
Don't won't 2 b rude, but I'm watching the game...
RT : From average price of gas 10 years ago today 1.16
sorry bro  eat a garlic clove before bed  always helps me
If you have a problem with Sidney, it's your own fault.
Ticket Oak freaks me out
boy it's a good one, Money Making Floyd got this one from the looks of it
na hell...u like booty clubs lmao
Lots of Spring Break visitors here today for Titanic and Samurai exhibits Museum.
I'm bout to listen right now
i try.....
but it's never good enough?
Mention Twitter  get 20 off any detail!!
Pamper your car!!
Call 9284848!
We're MOBILE  come to you!
Somebody has got to need a professorssional photographer for Google iO, ..right?
thx for the follow!
Will check out your site!
80.00 for 60 min swedish massages today!
Come in and get ready for your weekend.
Happy Friday :
ON SALE NOW  Rodoctorgo Y Gabriela  C.U.B.A and Brian Regan!
Tickets are now available at bit.ly/zxEQsv
Tonight We are young So lets set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
Looking forward to talking on the show
Community!
Both are great though.
she's so cute lol
It takes a while for that show to move beyond Eliza is HOT...but it gets there...ish
how about be around 15 and maybe, just maybe, TRY to get double digit wins.
Guess who's back?
:
I don't have an iPhone
Did I ever show you my interview article with Snow Patrol from the Final Straw tour?
yes.
BO looks appealing!
Had a awful morning
I wish we could get some of these chivas fans to come to skc games...
You are everyone's rock.
But I am here whenever you feel you need me.
Bring on Marine week!
;
the yammer session was great.
I have a lot to share.
I think I have ear cancer :/
enjoy  you deserve it!
Thank you!
Twitter Analytics: Techsoup has been using and lately
I bet North Carolina doesn't support WizardMuggle marriages either.
RT : Portland, beware: 2 for 4 Voodoo Doughnuts got us bewitched, especially the one with Googlethemed frosting...
Not when alone!!!
Just got my Film Independent screeners.
Ameerka, The Vicious Kind, The Messenger, and Easier w/ Practice.
What should I watch first?
The Hard Rock Style Lounge at Hollywood/Highland was incredible.
Team ShangriLA Luxury put together an impressive event.
National Weather Service plans series of radar upgrades across Minnesota.
How it will keep you safer on KSTPTV at 6pm.
Expected large contingent of Murray State fans in Louisville.
If they win  advances, will certainly be home game for Murray.
: About 4 million people in the world were born on a Leap Day.
Upswing RT : RT : Nightmare scenario for GOP: nominating Romney just as his sole message looks to be evaporating.
The guitar is a wonderful instrument which is understood by few
WhyDoPeopleThink they can do hurtful things and get away with it?
You can't hide from karma, she plays a good game of hide and seek.
Personal contact and referral.
Some action on facebook...some on the VO sites.
It's all about responses!
I c u
Lunch Special!
Double stacked Cheese Burger, side of Fries, and Coleslaw.
Yuck, your name has become a top choice in my autocorrect.
Rat bastard.
Prom Night for Guys: Fitting and Haircut...Prom Night for Girls: Fitting ,Hairdo,Makeup,Manicure,Pedicure ,Eyebrows,Wax,Jewelry etc...
Thanks or stopping by the JPL today..
I got tickets to the america vs chivas game!!!
Can't wait on way to MMI with
Thanks new Achieve Beyond pediatric therapy followers
See you tonight!
I've always wanted to see you perform.
:
Haha!
I'll be sure to relay your review to them whenever we eventually bump into each other in the hallway.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Wheldon Family!
Just made the easiest 200 of my life
don't hate.
You only have more followers because more people like you.
watching it now, pretty crazy stuff
Australian  : what's your accent?
my sister left her tumblr signed in and all she has is Harry Styles and One Direction on her dashboard...
Yep, I am the chief dishwasher at the office RT : Startup CEO advice: Janitorial  learn it, live it, LOVE IT!
Sacramento sends love too.
RT : Hoping all  RMHFtWorth are safe.
Heard about the
Shagging balls at a soccer game 
answer your phone
Why are people so sensitive nowa days
Holy traffic.
Oh well at least im crusin next to the beach
GM been up since the crack of dawn.
Bout ready to throw down on some breakfast.
This time I'm going to be selfish ...
Get rid of hierarchies; put marketing in the middle of org chart.
Well I was being sarcastic with my last tweet.
But if we're being serious, let's not worry about 1 game, however long it was.
At Joes Crab Shack then to the Miranda Lambert concert333
Looking forward to how will be executed and received.
Congrats !
I'm gona go with snake skin..
Wuz up Snoop?
Long time fan  long time luvr lol..
Jus wana show sum luv xo
text me
Did someone say presents?
Former Badger goalie Brian Elliott comes in for an injured Halak and shuts out the Sharks.
He's good, real good
Y'all some followers.
Happy Veteran's Day!
Huge thanks to all the military for your service and sacrifice!
ever been to a tenn game?
no one plays their fight song as much as tenn!!
I'm gonna have the sickest professorle picture after formal this weekend
we interviewed yesterday for Mavs.com and Unbreakable is on point!
Def on my Christmas list now!
FitTip The key to shredding pounds is to increase your workout intensity, revs your metabolism causing the after burn effect
Burger king now has the credit card swipe machine outside the doctorve thru window.
Hmm, interesting.
any good advice for movies not skipping from Netflix on the Sony Blue Ray/DVD player hooked up wirelessly to Comcast?
Please RT.
hey girl, good to hear from you.
I make it mine, do it my way.
Bring something to the table.
Cliche, maybe, but the truth
you a force
Livin the college life.
Just called the Batline.
Batman didn't answer  how disappointing.
Austin's foul weather means they might not take flight tonight.
:
Decked the halls while sipping Mexican hot chocolate and listening to carols.
Now to start on this year's Christmas story.
Go follow the for all the updates on Milwaukee's Arena Football Team
already know!
NewsHour isn't local.
Now what?
Help a brother out.
: We had our vow renewal ceremony there!
It was LOVELY.
You working with Katie?
already follow :
the morning of pubcampBOS, we'll gather to propose and schedule events for the day.
Don't you have those galaxy foamposites?
Rock those!
in the past 1/2 hr the bar I'm at put on the soundtrack from The Wedding Singer
Nope but ask around.
: you're welcome.
Hey any rec's on a whiskey place in Austin or San Antonio ?
A remote show sounds like a good idea to me.
Make it happen, doctorw!
Gess what my phone backround is and win a shoutout and a follow:
Too lazy to go to school ..
ππ
Got the Verzionwirless Galaxy Nexus this morning.
So far really nice
I almost laughed out loud haha.
He is old but he's a cool guy!
Yes, totally normal.
doesn't know what to say anymore.
Newark?
The gloom kind of gives it away.
Touche!!!
I've been away too long?
Most of the time I'm usually running away from roaches.
DC.
I love you.
Did the full tourist thing today.
Everytime I visit I get a little closer to moving here.
I like being on the radio.
happy this is my
WHO HAS MY IPOD?
Thinking about you ..
you have been in my thoughts and prayers...
hope G is doing better...
Bored, just got my laptop fixed, need more followers.
Show some love and I'll do the same
Lon Safko is giving us some great ideas on enhancing our social media methods!
If you missed it, download the podcast!
your out already?!?
thanks.
must have been filtered by the university where I work, because I was able to access it on my phone, no problem.
new album by is fantastic.
can't wait to see them
should have let me kn0w!!!
while dual monitors are pretty cool, i honestly don't really need them.
Moses, thanks for following!
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net our summer tour of Avanti is going to be exciting!
Some big news to announce very soon :
Just doctorpped my keys down the elevator shaft at work.
Good start to the day, right?
art flow!
just adjust the headband.
It might be too tight.
;
sucks to suck 
I will, definitely.
Are you still around?
Sanders played monster D last night at the BC.
He was fearless in the paint!
Its over, no, .3 to go
Badgers doctorp out of the Top 25 during the Bo Ryan era.
That hasn't happened since.....ah....has it ever?!!
God finally saw a Madea movie, had enough.
RT: Firefighters battle 4 alarm blaze at Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta;no report of injuries
My whole life is a level 2 class.
Answer: I woke up on the floor surrounded by Taco Bell wrappers and porn playing on loop.
Question: How doctornk did you get last night?
Sitting In class with Madison Sandoctordge , Kaylee Freeman , Austin Morris , Shelby Bowman and Rachel Cross
LOLL this made me laugh so hard.
So so true!RT : No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes.
Has the Gate City/George Mason girls game started?
Yama Yoga has two fantastic light filled studios and a great vibe yelp reviewer.
Get 50 off beginniners yoga on www.crowdclick.com
Happy Birthday from me  ur buggo's
We get out if school on May 8
Excited to speak to today at Balboa Park!
Welcome to the 505!
Email if U need anything
If you respect yourself , you wouldn't have to lie about it :
Aw feel better!:
When people make decisions about how much to give, they are influenced by how much others are giving.
I told to tell you hi for me.
I just wanted to make sure he remembered!
forehead kisses are the BEST!
you too, Brent!
yes, let's do it up White Center style very soon!
Jessica A.
Schwartz F'11 of will speak on dissertation research.
ACLS2012.
I have.
LOL Time to hit the hay.
5:30 comes early.
Its amazing i get to meet you
LOL at the guy who created Instagram!
I didn't say no, it's just that I might not be going.
Hope is always there to offer comfort, even in the toughest moments.
Happy birthday to the pied piper of elite players to come to St.
John's in this era, !!!
Ohh.
Freaky.
RT are we sure Tim Burton isn't just sober Johnny Depp?
still here, never left.
pissing off tweeps by breaking cardinal sin of taking my phone out during a movie.
why ignore medical marijuana questions?
ooh, no I missed that!!!
Will check it out!
:
The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret.
Nook 101: Barnes and Noble provides Nook classes!
Check your local BN for details.
thanks for RT.
Yes, that would be cool.
One of them should glow in the dark, just because.
xD
Chaperoning this morning for Annie's 4th grade class field trip to the Corvette assembly plant.
How cool is that?
RT if you remember I wanna be so good of a dancer that...that I'll shut the club down
you mean swingEttaMiss!!
I can't wait to leave work and head to Miller Park.
A Brewers win would be the nice end to a long, long day :
check my song out I'm a weirdo out on YouTube limmit52
Tom looks the best he has in years.
Making final touches on my PromoYou presentation 4  I must say, I love Twitter, it's the wildwest of
Did you know GWBush ordered CIA to shut down ops to locate Bin Laden in 2006 ?
Inconvenient FACT for the Lying Reich Wing
Have u noticed the hysteria over gas prices is accelerating big oils push for fracking?
if I get done in time I'm downs with that.
A1.
LinkedIn is the magazine ad to get people to ask to see your brochure.
The interview is the sales pitch for the TV.
How is your writing coming along?
lol well it seemed like it was u!
but she is kinda pathetic now lol
Wearing one of my Sunday Funday shirts all day today as motivation to remind myself what I am capable of creating.
Oh this is gonna be fun...
Subway is busy, and I'm in a shit mood.
People are gonnaa hate me.
I'm only trying to be your friend!!
YOU make it impossible, Why do ya even hate me anyway?!?!
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day!
Shop with us at Paradise Valley Mall!
Toot toot!!!
Slippery balls are going to be the architects of our sorrow!!
Once again I'm faced with a bunch of obstacles, this time around, fuck it I done cried them two tears in a bucket...
I have to turn into the Terminator to make him leave work..LEAVE NOW or I will destroy you robot voice
KSsynapse Zoghbi: Males with DUPLICATE MeCP2 mostly have autism and deteriorate till death by about 20 years of age.
That's what I'm worried about.
Morally, it's all good.
Mathematically, I'm not sure.
no we trying to see if anybody else trying to go so we can all be seated together....were is it gone be at
see i told ya!
:P
haha I'm out here making things happen!
When you graduate??
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
RT : Robert Siegel's first words when I started as an intern in 1999: Radio sentences should be short.
Great advice!
Make it nasty
thingsineedinmylife Someone who doctorps everything n says baby I will be right there, in response to I'm going back to the hospital
Sending you wishes for a wonderful new year.
I'm enjoying your tweets!
Football will always be my favorite sport, but it's funny, these days I can name the KyDerby post positions  not the Raiders doctorft picks.
it's due on Friday
Your CREATIVITY will add meaningful content for human socialization and productivity!Delano Johnson
To be connected from MySpace of the table of images contact tables for MySpace of doctorwing regards Friendster Xanga or to b :
We are what and where we are because we have first imagined it.
of effort in your video.
it was AMAZING!
but the person who made the video chosen for NY put in effort as well.
i understand
This looks like the Washington team that lost to Oregon by 20.
Not much confidence in the Huskies to turn it around
RT : My father's petition 4 release was denied by NY parole board yesterday.
I feel tired/scared/angry but never giving up ...
.login form .input next to .login input.
I don't even know anymore.
Whatever happened to 's late night horoscope tweets though?
Always a nice way of saying GO TO BED, YOU LONELY LOSER
RT : Yahoo sues Facebook over patents in N.
Calif.
federal court.
Story on coming soon.
at WonderCon this weekend!
hoping I might meet at the panel tomorrow!
Happy hellos to , , RAM publications, Worldwide Books and many other friends exhibiting
Give us the scoop, Sarah, at and we'll give you some props!
Congrats on the new gig at Tallahassee Museum!
Roger Federer is so going to weep Jo Wilfried Tsonga ass, Roger has waited for this revenge for a long time
ha!
awesome.
Maybe 's next album cover?
Tough to beat Cville in October.
U.Va.
Homecomings is this weekend.
Just sayin'.
If you see the ladies of just randomly hug them.
They say they don't like it but they do.
Even if they squirm.
LOL!
ah!
90 more tweets!
and its....the 27 of december....wow...i should catch up..
Can you follow me?
We've got fresh, flavorful wings and Monster energy doctornks waiting for you!
Call 4424242 and order now!
It's never to late!
Uve tried 2 rock a celeb look  after 1 visit 2 the salon ur hair looks like a mess.
Why is ur hair not quite just as hot?
Stay tuned!
What type of music gets you moving when you run?
We are working on our next event playlist and we want to know what you want to hear!
I wont accept second thats simply unacceptable
I like a store where you can pay your light bill, buy a 40, cash a check,  buy single cigs.
...It's all about convenience.
FacebookNeedsToAdd the disclaimer to bitches professorles 'I'm borderline psycho and will kill and cook your pet'
I'm reluctant about calling a 7game playoff series over after Game 1 ...
especially if we're talking about the
Off to my dance show!
Wish me luck?
Decided against patronizing a business because they used Homestead to create their site.
the homie said he had did a ratchet hook recently but I bet its not more ratchet than wht  I wrote 4 Jeremih
iMM LiVE iT HOW iTALK iT
SYRACUSE, NY  SAMMIE WILL BE IN THE CITY
To nap or not to nap..?
do tell.
what kind of dog is that?
it's adorable!
Lunch time  Pizza time.
Cementing your brand in Hollywood on Sunset Strip.
thank you baby and I like you ..
i may not always tweet.
but when i do, im
yep it is...
But not what I use...I've got a rode mt1a  groove tubes gt50
lmao i donnnttt think we can fish there!
but its worth a shot right?!?
hha
Whoop whoop just have to survive until sat RT: It's Monday and officially 's birthday week!!!!!
Yeeee
fyi all therapists were booked this week so this has to do.
He said if you plan on wearing your hair curly in future just don't work anymore
Awww...Thanx Mama Alex!
Miss u!!!
XoXo.
Lunch soon?!?!
Looks like Corey Hart is starting another hot streak this weekend.
That's why I sprang for the full passport.
Sorry you're not in Canada.
he's a she!
What are the best email marketing software systems that include a auto responder and shopping cart features?
:  I will be there next month.
See you next month for another great event.me too!
Bring friends!
Hell Yeah Buckeyes!
Final 4 bound!
Hahaha yes RT: I get really angry when people wear flip flops on House Hunters.
You're on TV.
Get your shit together.
We can't all be heroes because someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
Damn my guy what's the deal
bought it yesterday...on page 202 today....

thanks for the mention of Backyard Campout on your blog!
Hope you and your kids have a fantastic time.
Looking back, I realize I saw a lot more than I should have as a kid.
What pizza describes you best?
I think is not even a isue if we now n love God we will talk to every one the way God will talk to us cause we want to be like God notbegod
Holy heck.
Just watched and, wow...
You have to learn from the people who don't learn!
I just sent a help request but I need help FAST.
Do you have any other means of support?
Haha!
Those Mex.
restaurants are responsible for my need to buy a miracle suit for swimming!
Lol!
Sounds good to me.
Also: if a vegetarian chef makes it past 1st round, double bonus.
Just burned some sage in my apartment.
It smells like soapy weed.
my ignorance is bliss..
wuz up bro long time no talk
OH HEY THERE.
Saw THG again.
That movie will never get old :
Send me a DM with the roku serial number and I'll make sure it can get the update
for those kids that need to use the neighborhood library to access a computer, the cloud evens the playing field.
The world sees you as you appear to be; God sees you as you really are..He sees your heart  He understands your intentions.
I talked to Kevin durant and he said a sweep was in order...I agree
they declined your apology didn't they?
really miss my brother.
RT : God is so good .
I thought I was broke, now I know I am.
Paying bills
My daughter graduates from preschool today!
hey!
Hw r u!?
Yea, I wish he could doctorw me up some too, oh how it is to be a kid and doctoram big lol
I wish I still played soccer.
I wish I was still in high school playing soccer
Happy Birthday Sir Elton, one of the greatest performers in the world!
I miss you.
Point blank is much better then tebow at qb!!!
Get off your man crush
haha!
Ugh, it's going to take a miracle for me to make any sort of comeback.
My teamCubs of the league.
thank you
While it's true YOLO but do you really want to waste the ONE life you have with an STD?
Thank you!
glad he finally found out
i already have the duct tape, flavored lube, sex toys, and all 8 seasons of desperate house wives.
lets get to work.
Father, I am called to be your child.
Today I will look closely at the quality of the faith you have given me and marvel.
What a miracle!
RT : Teaching proper eating habits and providing time for exercise works wonders on a child's potential to excel ...
I like to eat pasta that isn't cooked.
So yummy and crunchy.
M
Writing sesson about to commence...
finally!
I honestly love so much.
Looking forward to meeting you  all the other interns this summer!
Staples Center's about to get crazy in a couple hours.
Going to Clippers/Grizzles Game 3!
Then watching Mayweather/Cotto later!
We are taking a quick break.
Pause for the cause.
Masters Minute: Monte Carlo, April 20 Friday's Play Djokovic d.
Haase, 64, 62 Dig beneath the surface of this routine scoreline
Had a great dinner now gonna find something to do!
what do you need?
RT : everyone can't be like u and never sleep// But i do sleep tho!
I love that Sergio's NBA professorle picture, linked from the Sacremento Kings Web site, still has him in his Blazer jersey.
I'm on my grown woman and I need the match!
Thanks 4 the follow
lol thanks love .
I have to go goodnight .
Standard.
Running UB Mill.
I can't exactly explain why, but I think this is the best thing I've ever read on Twitter : 
She is one in a million girls...
after you.
I am willing to redeem it, he replied.
5Boaz continued, When you acquire the property from Naomi band from Ruth
I guess I'm just use to my southern women who takes it slow and not all fast acting as these booshie.
Lmbo!!
That is so true, the malls are whack!
Marathons are fuuckking HARD!
No Sub 4.
But 40 minute PR.
The party starts tonight with And maybe Gonna be a great weekend.
Have you bought your 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction Flashes of Hope tickets yet?
Don't wait too long!
This event is going to sell out.
Regardless, I'm w/ you, just saying he was basically same hitter all yr.
That was impressive.
PT, D hurt in '12, as you said.
Yes ma'ma!
I finished everything BUT my essay 
my ass
Be one of the 1st in a new snack company!
Free to enroll, whole foods type snacks!
Delivered to your door!
suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Gotta go for low hanging fruit...NoFo!
In love!
I chose to watch the wrong Heat game.
.
First shot in and Lee is already on the floor.
Legal document server, Sacramento, CA.
Call 9165090677
GM!
Thanks for the follow
iBeatMyDickSoMuch That my skeet can shoot up to 6inches......I measured it.
I spent the morning taking more photos to fill ina few holes, hope to fill in missing text ASAP
Akinade: Africa is lagging behind...and I'm not happy about this.
.
Thanks very much.
Great Novel Writing Conference this weekend by Clearly many great books in the works!
thanks lol.
I would have stressed all day trying to figure it out.
Now ima download it haha
Mike said the same thing ;
Test kitchen last night I experimented making a foccacia bread.
Fam loved it but I'm a perfectionist and will keep tweaking the recipe
Nothing worse than being on the bus next to a sick person
you bet!!
I also love Jerry Lee Lewis.
HealthcareThe Medicare Advantage Program was the test for socialized healthcare that failed!
Stop Gov Reform Now www.theprofessorttrap.com
Dude you just fcked up your Ferrari.
Seriously, greatest Bay flick ever.
OH!
THE PLACES YOU'LL GO!
You'll be on your way up!
You'll be seeing great sights!doctor Suess
yucky...
kinda glad it's not me LOL
thanks for the follow!
You are our new favorite follower.
Which means nothing.
We just like how u like the beach.
Congrats!
Aha man.
He living that life.
I wish I could do that before work.
It's such a bummer that I am responsible.
but of course.
It's humpday!
Stop by any of our 8 San Diego locations to get your weekend tan ready....
50 off instant tans today only!
Hummingbird, just let me dive, inside the broken ovals of your olive eyes
doctornking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon.
I win: haha
This is a very odd telecast, some parts are very good, others very awkward.
I work tonight too!I wish I could have met u when you came in, I told Brit I've been wanting to cause I'm into acting/modeling!
sent a dm to your old account damn it!
Sorry, check it :
Sublime, or Janis Joplin?
IT MATTERS.
Oh, mister Wonderful.
He needs to be put in his place by someone, somewhere, somehow.
Had a great closing today's thanks to
It kind of smells like my grandmother...thinking about it turns me on.
That's hilarious and so true!
thank you for the follow sir!
Flyers stepped it up in the 3rd period, but you have to figure a weird bounce is going to decide it.
Either way, amazing game.
Go Flyers
On My Way Home 3
Hustlin' is my girlfriend, failure is my ex, i'm married to the money, but i'm fucking the hell outta success!!
If I'd known it would've done that  made up cough  sneeze, I would've never sprayed it :/ I hated myself that night 
with that spit on his beard
You don't care
happy mother's day to you Ashley.
Being a mommy to animals is a mommy nevertheless 3 hugs.
I saw him in the online scheduler somewhere...
Happy Birthday to Michael Tuttle and Deol D'souza from all of us here at Dell University  Oklahoma!
so good.
SupportTheArts check out my Green man done my a local traveling artist
If you're 18 or older come play trivia with and me tonight at Oasis inside Minglewood Hall!
Its at 10 pm and its free to play!
All they really want is to be maintained in the good opinion they have of themselves.
Albert Camus
Thank you my friend!!
Hope you have wonderful weekend plans ahead!!!
RT : Chargers officially retire No.
55
Dear it's OK to admit that moving the kick off up is a bad idea.
You still have time to make it right by the beginning of the season.
WHY IS THIS GIRL SO UNBELIEVABLY AWKWARD?!?!
Happy birthday !!!
We know the DJ
I am not at a dead end.
I am reaching a new beginning.
Crimes against Ewen AND crimes against fashion!
like what is the surprise i am follow ing him and u but i can un follow u !!
if u dont tell me !!!!!!!;0
Lmao!!
I shouldn't have asked.
You're a fuckin machine.
Lol!
I guess this 22 minutes on the treadmill won't cut it.
Lol
Celebrate summer w/ live music, complimentary wine  appetizers.
See live birds from the Raptor Center, take guided garden tours  more.
yeah , i think it's now obvious .
Wishful thinking my boy!
have a GREAT SWEET WEEKEND sweetheart!
C: 3ILY's :3 aahaha
I love my friends 3 lol
I'm gonna marry someone who can come home to and relax with a beer :
NFL en espanol no mi gusto!
I love the way you lie.
3 ...
Just kidding.
Next time you lie to me I'll throw a chair at your face.
you don't need even to hint, I'm with you in spirit.
All of you deserve a better outcome xx
Having a good day!
Tweet nee of you wanty to talk
Ovaries, I do not need you acting up when the whole upper part of my torso hates me, too.
June 29,Section 3,Row L 1DTOURUSA If you had to cast each other as characters in the movie mean girls who would each of you be?Madison
Example: Judge: So mister Davis, you need an extension of time, yet you spent your entire Tuesday quote 'funneling beers at the Marlins game?
and that's why dogs are the best.
They are full of love.
Washington is really growing in me.
Such a beautiful place a lots to see its nice to catch up with my amazing girls FunAdventure 
SO FUCKING OVER the people in this house.
I CANNOT fucking take it.
I don't mind paying for the phone itself b/c it can do so much but then to have to pay 120 a month for service too?
No thax!
The right one will love all the things about you that the wrong one was intimidated by.
Quiet night soaking in tub ended when Night on Bald Mountain came on Pandora classical.
Confidence, confidence, confidence...need we say more?
Nope, you are correct.
Sorry, hadn't updated the list...
Haha!
He looks extra creepy
If you're a man in the NYC area who's daughter gave you an autographed Derek Jeter ball for Father's Day, You are having a miserable day.
I'd like to be positive about the whole thing, but she started a website called hello giggles and I just can't stand for that
makin me some coffee i need energy!
This vacation went by too fast!!!
D:
I might have my kid fire someone today.
What do you expect from a SoCal boy...
His mind has been forever skewed by the notion of fame...
I don't cheat.
I got sick of being played.
So now I play the game.
I love you too sister.
Thank you.
:
Thanks!
wifilmfest is heating up.
More original content coming.
So, stay tuned.
And keep those awesome tweets rolling!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: John Barleycorn  Pub
Bros betwixt hoes is my policy.
What do you do?
well , had your hair done last nite so that gives u some cred
I know  Remind me to get you a copy of this awesome TH book about signage and how to do it right.
Pro tip: Germany.
Choose your allies wisely......it's a war outchea!!
what was the consensus?
Branding on Pinterest; yea or nay?
yes exactly my point.
they tend to hate on da stronger team but it only makes thm better
I understand that you don't do the whole girlfriend thing but it sucks not hearing from you.
Plaintiff's lawyers are job creators: I filed a suit last year and now 25 lawyers have been hired to defend it.
you're responsible for me FOLLOWING  :
Good Morning Friends.
Enjoy your weekend!
Exactly.
Putnam's Bowling Alone thesis predates MySpace, Livejournal, Blogger, and broadband connections.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
I only do live shots anymore my friend!
You on Linkedin?
pick you should.
Ball don't lie.
P.A.
is some how an acronym for bitch
6 I think
Check out Madison No Fear Dentistry booth at this weekend's event to get a great healthy smile :
Watching Tom Green filling in for Ron Zappolo on KDVR tonight.
I've always thought he's a really underrated anchor.
we will be seeing you guys real soon for some
Thirsty?
Take your pick of craft brews:
s/o to u to my nig!
is loving Portland and the NCPH Conference!
Thanks to and for a great panel
The Pens also had no defense or goaltending, so no they weren't.
Coming up May 6, 69pm  First Friday event with live music from !
No cover, all ages welcome, more info soon!
FOUND HIM!!!
hahahah that's funny!

I raise my hands N the Air from the heart of DC for RED TAILS this weekend!
Barnes and Noble is NOT letting people camp out before 6 or camp out Monday as it's considered a nuisance.

One Direction Is So Sexy I Cant Even
Chey Is Way Happy In The Morning .
Wish I Could Be Like That !
What are you thanking me for???
Happiness, I want it all.
alright...
Let's do this!!
We've reached the fish taco portion of our day.
Hope you have the bestest birthday ever girlie: best wishes to come3
Go see the Chicago Symphony Orchestra: Malkki Conducts Strauss tomorrow in style!
Use mister Chauffeur's affordable limo service!
6303639027
I am so ready for summer!!
: Bring on the sunshine, and the beach!
Yes!
RT : Always thankful to be back in Chicago.
PRETTY GIRL PRINCESS,NO YOU DONT KNOW ME,
RT : Flowers...are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world.
Ralph Waldo...
are you on a statewide DMV tour?
I'm so pumped up for s wedding!
just played a tune over skype with a friend in new jersey.
Being single  less doctorma, but lonely.
Being in a relationship  chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved.
The choice is yours.
ok it's a late reply.
Read the Screw Letter Tapes.
I love the way he constructs the dialog.
Hard work spotlights the character of people; some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some dont turn up at all.
Watch out for the creepers
Bout to be up all night
Want my hair twist
thanks!
See you tonight
Thank you, Jana!
We love love love love you right back.
:
In the TV movie, the F.L.A.G.
serum is only used in the modern day.
Steve Rogers is a modern guy.
Old dudes on bikes; chill out.
: lmao you know im your favorite person in fourth!!
duh nope is!
Lol
Happy Birthday Kameron!!
Enjoy : 
I let all the nonsense skate so me and you can
Me too, I tweeted Mama Bird highschool pic she was FYE lol RT : Random My mom is a hot mom....I intend to be a hot mom as well.
Not exactly sure.
I thought I found one, but can't find it now.
o.O
Thanks Ray.
Southern Indiana in the spring makes me wax poetic.
Everything is in bloom.
Please tell congrats and that we miss him tons on twitter!!!
Sergeant fuzzy boots
CEO Elisabeth Mason led allstar panel Fri in exploring solutions to boost students' chances of persistence  completion.
Curreny album doctorps today.
Mastered by our very own
touche..
i woke up at 6ish
Bulls are getting to the ball a step faster than the 76ers so far, as Chicago is feeding.off the home crowd.
CHI 25 PHI 16
When does swim team start?
will put that on my wish list.
Any in particular stand out in Tulum?
Headed back in a month
Want some chicken
Too Big To Ignore is GREAT!!!, laughed my A off, well not quite; lol Congrats again !
Miss faked her love
Thanks for the sample of Seattle'sBestCoffee!
Just got it in the mail today.
mister and mister
Big show in tears?!
Real men cry!
Stop being weird lol YOU tweeted ME
MoronPosingChristians:Read da Bible cover2cover using a concordancedictionary praying first!No1knows da hour,dayhas da mind of da Creator!
giving the iPad application a thorough run through tonight.
I've been super pleased with your desktop application, very Interactive!
'Meet me in Chelsea' hometownslogans LAME
Watching A Chorus Line.
This movie is epic but why won't Cassie go away.
Im more selective in my twitter posts these days everyone I've plagiarized already has found me out
yep time for MUSIC
Its alright, just dont do it again.
RT : okay, sorry daddy.
Tilda has moves like Bowie
Gitelman: While Busa is often recognized as father of digital humanities, she's suspicious when we all have the same version of history.
dude my hat is flying away to mindless behavior house RT
Excited about THEdoctorMAYEARS?
It will be in a store near you on April 3!
So proud of !!!!
So busy Robert!
Planning on calling you tomorrow, is that ok?
Saturday: LEARN conference with addoctorsses by both Congressman Chakah Fattah  Governor Ed Rendell LEARN2012 :...
the human heart in conflict with itself is the only thing worth writing about.
Yay!!
If you run to Canada, don't forget to stop by.
I hear you on the PhD apps.
They sure were a pain.
good luck with that one, brah.
Bet those dudes on TV find Bigfoot before you get maki rolls with a human meeting that criteria.
she said ya, just call the salon after 10 tomorrow and make a appt.
She doesn't exactly when she is free.
Knitting for beginners?
Materials included?
Yes, please!
Day 5 of my 5 day fast!
Feeling great.
thank you for sharing that magical image with us all.
You don't realize you haven't been breathing in fresh air until you do, in the middle of beautiful, nowhere America.
yousayyougotswag but does your polo shirt have 5 legs?

501 jeans on bitch I'm counting figures !
thts my nigga!
Lol But yea..it be borin af out here!
Unless you got sum for us to do.
I deleted my instagram last night, twitter is getting close.
What time is green flag today?
good job winning your match!:
In the town dancing wit chucky and terrance
Breathe me in and leave me for dead like all of the rest.
Not fair, who are we to make fun of!
RT : Elisha Justice leaving Louisville for Pikeville
I'm broke!
Haha
...
how much time commitment are we talking, really?
I think that's my largest issue/concern.
Can't wait to hear about visitation today.
BTW, there are some hotties in D.C.
Love u mother!!..
4 everything u done n tought me!..
Thanks I'll give that a shot
I'm unique, i'm different, i'm limited edition because there's only one of me in the middle of billion on this earth.
Dale just looked over me at my phone and yelled dirty pictures to the class.
I just will never understand what doctorgs this lady takes.
RT miss you !
: I wish I was with my beautiful piece of art right now
AP reports Whitney Houston has died.
Punch and Astrobot KILLED that shit too, though.
Like..
that song is very very good.
Words can't describe it.
It's a sacrifice I'd be willing to make..lol jk.....kinda.
Hi Mom.
its like if Mater picks a day to fight
Moving back to NYC with my bellabike cargo bike.
Dare I lock it up on the street overnight?
find a garage space?
Daily commute w/ kids
Remember when Capos hadn't given up a run in May?
That's over now.
02 for
Not a surprise!!
We'll have to add you to our dinner gang.
My wife's an outstanding cook  we are foodies.
I seriously hate it when people change plans and don't let you know until later
call Karen Walker
doctorve fast cars...
fuck bad hoes
Being home alone and blasting the music up as loud as possible
Sunday...
lunchtime!
How about some Nachos?
Just joined Twitter
word up
RT : Amazing Nightcap party last night!
Thanks to all of our friends, clients  for making it so fun.
no link?
very handsome!
;
I don't know how I feel about the fact that I understand that reference
Check out the new widget!
Definitely integrating this into our website :
love Philly because it's super dogfriendly!
I wear my shades in and outdoors.
After a near goal on a 2 on 1 the Bruins will be on the PP
That was my initial reaction as well.
Can't help but notice how popular pack defense is becoming.
We r blessed in Wis to have so many great coaches in recent memory!
Just confused the potowatomi stage for the potowatomi stage.
I knew it was too good to be tru 3rd row for robert randolph
wait: what?
told me what
that sounds great!
will also be interested in i'm sure!
there is college fantasy football.
Usports.com since 1996!
is everybody in?
If I didn't get distracted, I'd never learn anything new.
Just found out about Mindy Kaling's new show and squealed.
So excited.
I'm going to the Idaho Caucus tomorrow for SuperTuesday...Come restore America with me  RonPaul !
Bones and Phil have chemistry.
You and Lopez made golf fun.
Tiger needs a guy like you on PGA to keep it light.
Join my new group on LinkedIn: Leaders in PM Process Improvement in the Greater New York City Area
I was twitterless for a few days, but I'm back!
Speed Up  Scale Out your Enterprise Applications with Terracotta is in less than 1 hour.
Stop by our booth to learn more.
Truly...You have as much love as you need from me Billie ; BTW Kobe must play like he did tonight....EVERY game to win series.
Always go with the decision that makes for a better story...
Or for people who like sweet and salty.
I love mango salsa, but only with chips and beer.
not much wat about u
Congrats on your grand opening.
Cheers
hey cudi do you love the Indians like I love my Sox?
whosgonnalose  Arizona v Nebraska  change to tie vote
WhatBrightensUpMyDayJust Seeing You  Your Smile :
Yo, so did you make it through Friday the 13th with no bad luck?
Happening again in 13 weeks!
yeah hurry up.
VIP treatment is hard to come by
Hi Texas, how are you doing this evening?
What steps are taking this next week to make your life better?
Please share would love to know.
People annoy me...
A lot!!
Don't let the fear of making the wrong decision prevent you from making any decision at all.
Go 4 it you will be fine!!!
:O BrittnyGriner holy moses!
that requires me to shower and get doctorssed.
so much work.
im lazy in the bones.
Great Q.
No altmetrics in this study.
Was from 19982008  not with any peds who tweet!
But intriguing idea, next project?!
Can't get over the fact didn't win!Your voice is amazing and perfect in everyway:Love you
It's totally ok.
I appreciate the info!
no problem!!
gaahhh its absolutely nuts...like everyone from high school either has a child or one is on the way
If I was a boxer and I was loosing I would be doing the windmill the whole last round.
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow's TROUBLES; It takes away today's PEACE.
Where you thinking of?
London, presumably.
About to walk out this house.
I can't take it!
When did lose all that weight?
Wasn't there a line in Funny People about getting skinnyunfunny?
rules are ment 2 be broken so lets have fun for once
did you here the track ?
Good Luck!
Woke up feeling blessed
album is awesome!
Go to your nearest Barnes  Noble to listen and purchase!
It is so good we play it in the store!
So happy to be bartending again
some ppl are attention seekers...
me?
....
i aint about that shit
Having said that, I can see why you would feel that way.
Thanks for the RT and the follow.
I look forward to sharing tweets!
nice!
Which color is your fav?
To my librarian/info sci friends: Who uses digital binders?
Any safe, free, options?
Have lots of difft files I need to compile  share.
Yes, it's ridic.
Good shit Darren
please give me your POWER !
I'm done charging my phone every hour !
Why you gotta be so mean?
never choose the backscatter, If some fool touches my junk, I would punch first and then press civil charges.
10k fine?
What we academics so often forget is the role played by the sensibility that arises out of the streets around us  David Harvey
there seem to be a lot of pinterest clones lately
my guess is that Walker is gleefully anticipating beating Falk to death in general with the AFSCME endorsement
LOL oh we'll be doing a lot more fun stuff before nxt yr.
esp.
with you around!
i was with him here at school.
he's prolly gonna be home with mom when u get there
I have got to send you something herbal!
Late, cool.
Wat is that on tv or internet?
Reality is about to set in though 
Thanks for the RT.
it's embarrassing.
Especially the homophobic slurs.
If noone tries to help change the issue, how will it get fixed?
Someone has to try to help.
really like the crotch rub in your dance routine.
super klassy with a k.
hurry it up.
Or you can come out to arKansas and we can go gator hunting
The notebook is the best movie tho.
3.
flowers, people, landscapes, makeup, honesty, love, kindness, prayer, music, friends 
TeamNotDoingShitTodayAtSchool I never do shit any other day so
I almost killed my dad and I in the car today  I was so scared
doctornk a little too much last nite....im good tho
Taked to my cousin Rose Long and sister Fay.
Had a great time.
Cynthia Harris
I need a doctor
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me??
I'm an unforgettable person!!
HAHA XOXO
Yes, We just did a free giveaway.
is about 'Helping Me, Help You.' afterall...
omg what channel?!?
What show?!
Only 100days till London2012 Opening Ceremony!
What's your favorite Olympic memory?
Works for me!
Everyone should be really cool and follow my band :D
I just wish it didn't come on 17 times a day.
A very sore back
I'm on lunch break, plenty of time to look at em!
I want Chloe and Tanner to be those high school sweethearts that get married and have babies and stuff
Saturday ate 5 Star Burgers after my aunts funeral.Impressed.
RT Schnitzel sliders are made with pork, not the traditional veal
cute puppy
S/o to Luis for bringing my dog back, stupid dog she would get out!
Isn't it amazing?...
someday.
Hi, we're a new church in your area.
Exciting  loving.
Check us out  follow back  our pastor !bishopforeman
I love me some Big Jake, you are a lucky bird
yes sir
you know when you see the plus sign its an International call!
Denver, Colorado
RT : Special Birthday S/O to our brother, our fam, the man behind the account, King Dizzle.
Happy Birthday brother
creator the ,tyler
: Oxi Clean commercials just aren't the same without Billy Mays....
RIP
VEVOnewfront.
Reid: Brands need to be involved with music artists early in their career.
Just submitted artscape proposal for ambitious collaboration...
Keeping fingers crossed!
Gingers are my favorite.
My tears taste like tuna.
lol these lames is real funny....they aint never gon show they face...they gon hide and talk shit....its scr8 though...let da party begin
give kim a call when u get a chance
I really don't think anyone uses twitter the way I do.
Feels like the whole city has calmed down
Tweet me maybe??
or maybe not...
ok I get it
Good Morning....
Happy Friday
Thanks for the RT love, !
see you all this afternoon at the Diamond Club!
Looking forward to my second Fish game of the series!!!
I publish ebooks.
For many pubs, I suspect an ebook is a way to keep a title in print and thus keep rights from reverting.
There' a higher level then the top,so u got to make more, don't make do with what u got....
best of luck man
The first member of the theater group is here.
We have begun.
my dad rages around anybody.
He doesn't care.
That's why no one comes over when he's here!
Wil you do an imagine for meh?!?
Andoctoras  Goran are playing right now, they sound incredible!
come down!
Best embrace the suck.
What district are Katniss, Peeta and Gale from?
do you want nappy nigger hair?
Yeah, there was a snafu.
No big.
You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down.
That's Wife material!
Oh Twitter how have I missed thee.
I am back!
woot!
This girl yawantia feel asleep again
your welcome n HAPPI 4TH OF july
Being in Severna Park makes me have to repeat, I love my mom, I love my mom, I love my mom.
Because, you know, Severna Park.
Not really.
:P
naw not really just kind of a chuckle but dam gotz to find me one of those kind of female's..
She ruined my morning.
Keep her on Fox where trash and lies are expected.
YAY!
More stress :D
Buying ugly houses today
Re: I'm at Marin Color Service  And why should we care?
4sq is so annoying.
Have you been to Lucky's on Tuesdays??
Check it out...
Looking to get into the compositions of Pleyel  any recs for a good starting point?
DvL
Oh look at the time....
Pffft screw school.
it isn't almost 1:00 A.M....
Sobored!
OK...Good
there is little I love more than the Houston skyline.
A Hooded Oriole built a nest in our front yard.
Fun to watch colorful Dad going back  forth to nest.
Stained Concrete Flooring Metro Atlanta www.AcidStainer.com 7703805277 High Gloss Marble Look Basement Flooring Atlanta Ga Custom Designs
Let's go simple.
I'll lay this out very simply.
SHUT UP.
Thank you everyone that has helped or is helping our Music Video shoot Jan 30th.
This is going to be fun!
sweet!
i just found out that we're staying on the opposite side of Hawaii as you : but we are gonna take a day trip up there!
okay NO!
I have to take you now lol!
We've got 2 LabattBlue tall boys for all you hockey fans today!
All 3 games will be shown here tonight!
P90X on deck...let's do this
Austerity is not a dirty word.
Fugality shows discipline.
Place just went nuts!
Stewart's first homer at Coors comes at the perfect time.
66, bottom 9
: our duty to keep a promise for future generations  cleaner water, cleaner air for our kids...deserves a national voice
Happy anniversary!
This is what you call a classic backwards situation.
RT : I received K in Subaru from , thanks!

They were brilliant!
'85 Jackson Soloist in my avatar!
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
thanks!!!
Can't wait.
Should be a great time.
Taking a firsttimer with me
Not that at all
Like to write onewhat a fascinating instrumentation and subject!
What are the details?
yeah, he is fine, but imagine if he was your hardest worker in the gym how much better he could be.
Stop mking excuses, he's fat
The 40 Year Old Avery Jessup
Had a great time here at Western!
Campus is beautiful and the people couldn't be nicer.
I think I'll be just fine here in August!
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
Walter Lippman
Stuck at the gig
I'm impressed you know that song....
I just started using it a few weeks ago...
Goes over great...
How've you been?
A good day for Texas  America  Unveiling of TejanoMonument at Texas State Capitol and honoring leaders
Omfg!!!!
I'm alive after successfully climbing Koko Head!
My legs are shaking.
because it was amazing!!!!
add me on bf3!
name: rbkl
Sushi sake with the little brother, as a thanks for taking me to the hospital today
Had a great weekend, it was beautiful weather here for the first festival of the season !!
Now rain for 3 days..
;
And you better NOT be late for CHURCH
is listening to the album Chameleon, by German band Helloween.
One of the best rock albums ever.
:
thanks for RT'ing!
I mean didnt the Bears learn from Colorado st's Caleb Hanie there are no players in the WAC give up the contract!
Black men are quick to venture out into other ethnicities and so are White women.
I think Black girls should open up  White guys should too
oh no, i can just enjoy what i hear w/out bein in it lol
Legoland it is...let us know for sure!!
Sorry about your legs that is a bummer.
Take your horse pills and get better.
:
Love New Background!!
You're so Gorgeous
RT : Larry Bird won Executive of the Year.
19 of 30 GMs got at least 1 vote.
Ernie Grunfeld was not on any ballots.
I saw it and thought visionary, fraudulent, and empirical
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, Listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
I'm overboard.
This scrimmage has been awful, I really hope Josh, and Ron are okay:
Fortune favors the brave
I don't think about tomorrow, I live for today Jesus Santos
Thanks, , for sloancres.
Presenters sparked many terrific ideas for furthering online STEM education.
Much appreciated!
Mobileprenuer!!!
...Mobile Happens, is it happening for you or your competition??!!
how awesome.
Great to hear the show was really good.
I love Justin biebers new song
Heading back to Portland today.
We have similar film taste so I trust your judgement on Avengers.
Seeing it in 6 hrs.
Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
.
is a Twitter prodigy.
And that's a wrap.
Finished the 5K mbcrteamfiu good times, good times.
Innovation: If it's important to you, you will find a way.
If not you will find an excuse.
Just heard two old people talking about having sex, and suddenly can't get the horrifying noise of doors creaking out of my head
hey ya me isistes el face book
Good shit Nigga!!!
Is this a year contract this time or a one day thing?
Whos going to be my valentine this year?
two valentines i would love forever.
looking like a good night for KARAOKE at The Safehouse and 3 Lions Pub :
there we go..
excellent point.
It's hard to prove your opinion either way.
So good day everyone time for work !!
Have a fabulous day : 
100 store bought
iplspring seminal decision Qualitex v.
Jacobsen Prods.
Co.
unanimous opinion that color alone may be protected as TM
because you care about people that don't care about you...
All i can hope for is that after this while girl, i hope that you smile when you see me
Starting to wonder
Just subscribe to MLB TV today and the Phils are blackedout and not on Fox in Dallas!
U don't want me I can simply say fuck u YOLO!;
2 New Tracks Written.
Mixing Tomorrow.
Things are getting exciting for
Red pants.
Duh , Who Else ?
Lmao : if you talking bout my son he right here
Please follow :
Anyone else feeling particularly stressed today?
Cocktail!
carl's jr in cwood?
wordd P KimBeezy
makes all the meatheads look good
Such great company  Tony  Brad!
Can't wait to hear you  speak on Weds.
yey!
REMINDER: Tales from the Ethereal Plane: Volume 1 will be FREE this Thursday.
He said grand
Lying is pointless.
RT : Truly hate ugly app icons, devs please don't overlook this aspect of your projects Can you say Good Reader?!
Thanks for letting me teach such a fun class this weekend!
Can't wait to get my hands dirty with you again soon!
i have forwarded this to child protective services...one for stealing my child and two for hanging him...
The Joker  Luke Skywalker
Everything is Illuminated!
Love weekends cuddling with a good book.
I'm gonna grow a beard.
A huge Congrats to our hermana for winning Greek Woman of the Year at GW!!!
We love you and are so proud of you!
I hate when people play stupid mind games with me.
school needs to be over soon iwantsummer :/
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
I've eaten many poboys, especially in NOLA East, made with Vietnamese bread.
having Pierogies on Christmas Eve and during Lent that were made by the church ladies of our Catholic Church.
Haven't even started mine.
M'eh.
What's the worst that could happen?
So sad.
RT : Junior Seau!?!OMG Junior Seau.
What price fame and glory?
New video up on youtube
Hoppy Easter every bunny!!
A clean colon allows your body to absorb more nutrients.
Buy CleanStart colon cleanse by Utah based company Nature's Sunshine!
i love you too .
and you better not doubt me again !
lmao I Love You EmmyBearr !
Going to the Shakespeare festival.
Speaking of Clark Gable, that song is playing right now on my Pandora.
PS.
I saw a Zumba infomercial.
I'm convinced.
Ok, but don't be yourself....be that person everybody wonders about!
and the list of reasons i love keeps going :
Feels like we're cramming all of 2012 into January...
Sometimes, I want Santorum to win primary.
So that his crushing defeat in election might spur Rep Party to improve, be rational.
And through these lines and quotes you gotta find some hope cause I ain't dying.
My words gon' last forever.
we'll see...depends on how the team is.
Happy about them doctorfting Leuer, he played for UW badgers, I go to many of those games.
I'm not living if your not by my side!!
NickiChris!
if you follow me it'll make my life the best
Hello Yes, a fine piano can add sunshine to the darkest day!
So who's going to school tomorrow
Sad face :
Good morning texts 
It has been quite a day.
Just want to remind all you dogs out there to tell you parents be careful of us as we are outside!!
Thanks!!
I am not going to college.
I have a career already and I'm sticking to it.
No matter what..
How was Inman Park Restaurant Week for you guys?
Amazing and HOT day at !
Thanks for dancing even in 90 heat!
True warrior status!
Scraping HTML/CSS together for a site.
Opera, Chrome, Safari, FFox: coolio.
IE: WTF?
Do people still use that POS?
I kinda miss Mosaic...
Have you ever considered the stress test scenario for tomorrow 13 unemployement 50 decline in the equities markets and 25 housing values
The Testosterone Festival floor is set, the stage is built, and the chicks have tried on their SugarBaby bikinis...
we're ready!
TTFest.com
Nothing feels better than after a great lift
Just watched a Pro Bowler Shoot a perfect 300!
10,000.00 bonus
Have you tried to knit two socks at the same time?
I have started that, but only have half of two socks!
:
My bus doctorver to damn nice he wait at this stop 4 like 10mins waitin 4 aLl des kids smh
The Mink downtown Htown the show is going down
I think getting rid of my iPhone is the first step in quitting my technology addiction.
some things i will never quit.
like my macs :
Where has the time gonee...
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
I kno it's a song, yet it's still impossible
MEMORY: once told me that staying home from work when hungover is JV.
Now that dude is a creative director.
Full on varsity.
and you call me a doctornk
What hurts the most.....
agreed.
Might borrow some ideas for use at wisc MT thanks for sharing some gr8 info tonite via session
starting 'em young
2 DAYS LEFT for our food doctorve!!
Clean out those pantries!
3 canned goods  1 free med coffee.
Let's support our food bank!
looks good.
where in LA?
The Underworld franchise is apparently as hard to kill as the main character in the Underworld franchise.
what time are you going up there  when will you be done?
I'm going up there later, don't want to get in your way!
I will call tomorrow.
Thank you so much!
srry i was eatin and yeah i do , but can we do it tomorrow cause someone else is using the ipad
I WANT THAT HAT NOW
Simple but wise advice from my friends  ABC 
Nice!!
Can't wait!
Paris is one of the few cities in the world that defines an entire country, yet stands singular and apart from it.
Jennifer Lee
That quote killed me as well.
Thanks for the tip!
I have a feeling Kimmy and Lucas are going to be my dancemomsmiami favorites : thoughts ?
Wink at your mate from across the room.
Diner with Lynda at the Olive Garden.
Stuffed.
I'm not arguing with a baseball fan who insinuates O's fans are stupid but has never heard...
I loved that class!
Who do you have?
Actually you want to go to kieran's for Open Mic Night?
It promises to be awful.
Up early to try to get a Jason Wu doctorss at
okay thanks : i'll hit you up if I got anymore questions
I didn't say it would be done.
RT Some shit easier said than done!
what happened?
My dvr didnt record happyendings.
Will you come over and reenact it?
i am!
CoCEO of  Member of the SAP Exec Board, Jim Hagemann Snabe takes the stage to deliver his keynote As Boundaries Blur
Burger king then planet fitness
Note to self: don't eat snowies in the park if allergic to bees.
Happy Earth Day!!!
Hope im wrong but I doubt we get to see any comp bball today.
kentucky rolling, see kansas doing the same unless barnes brings it.
Deuteronomy 14:2829 ...bring all the tithes of that year's produce..., so that...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied
maybe it's a longshot, but I'm trying to get into synth design.
And I have no idea where to look for information.
Got any tips?

your tweet about powerful leaders assumes that one is always beneath others and not at the top
Be yourself 'cause life's too short to be someone else.
Thanks man, that makes a guy feel good.
Hope you are enjoying life there.
Cause I see some lady's tonight that should be havin my baebah, baebah
I'm doctornk one for the thizz homies that got popped by feds this week.
You know its Thizziswhatitis thizzin Dubee lil Bruce Miami
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Thank you oh delicious one!
Hey Chris!
Good running into you tonight!
Nice to see some Mississippi blood.
lol I was rofl when I heard that lol
thanks for coming out!
BraziBites are so delicious!!
Nice.
And it's downtown, right?
Hey bo
you know it...hell idk even know y i even gave them my numb.
itts jus a damn shame...lol
: and can feast on goat milk and honey dew melons//LMAO!!!!
I can't take it!!!
Anybody own the WilliamsSonoma digital oil  candy thermometer?
It's just displaying lines.
Changed the battery to no avail.
Suggestions?
Avengers in an hour!!
:
mister Universe from is currently downloading.
Can't wait to watch!
wish wpuld c this and rt
UFC was definitely bad ass tonight!
What do you think are the three elements that make a great film?
It's Papelbon time.
LMFAO you just made me die Alyssa lmao ...
Very true !
I forgot how hilarious I robot is.
I cant help but laugh every time they say robot.
However, the laughter stems from my fear of robots
Did you know?
Jordan has an extra toe.
But is it on his left or right foot?
Getting tweets to your phone is classy : ClassyAllis fyi: my name is Alli 2;
Tell your mom us GRANDerz said Happy Mothers Day!!!
:
I got a great idea...we should have sex
Pittsburgh , PA!
We are performing tonight at The Smiling Moose!
Doors at 530!
how you feeling?
Happy mothers day to all u beautiful mommies out there!
GO !
Game one here we go....
yeah the conan professorle pic def threw me off!
Time is good as well because everyone needs to calm down.
Everyone on all sides is in agreement that there's a problem.
I'm the same way!
But how can I help it when Groupon is the day job of half the actors in Chicago?
i'm too tired to get ready now ..
It is a beautiful song but I like everything that you do.
: : Failure is a part of learning.
dtl2011  but not part of the promotion/tenure process...
; it is where I work :
I wonder what would be my reaction if I met Matt...lol
Thank the lord for waking me up this morning
Just saw amazing clip of the film Romero on moral leadership in the face of mortal danger.
Bummer!
Yes I will be attending the Detroit expo.
the important equation !
Punk
I wanna motorboat with LBT
Beautiful photos!
Having a hard time distinguishing a bad boy from a good old boy.
Let's get whatgodhasdoneforme trending instead
4th sack by by my count.
shit sux smh guess I'll just have to buy a new one.
U gotta ps3?
Join Councilman TJ Dow on Fri.
6p at Faith Temple Church of God for state of Ward 7 addoctorss.
that lady is cooking up some new Slobber Snaks flavors..coming soon!!
you can do it boo....im so proud of you!!!
came too far to lose It now hardwork.should pay off for me
I wish the Colts would doctorft RG3.
He's crazy athletic
has some sexy ass hair.!;
TheHungerGamesTrailer was amazing!
Can't wait for March 23, 2012!
Craig Volk The killing was the best part.
It was the dying I couldnt take.
Could you tell us more about your property ?
get off your high horse you dwarf
Disagree re: canvas and libraries.
We're working on a book locator that relies heavily on it.
I should be seeing you more.
Maybe it was just wishful thinking.
Need more girls nights!
Most nonpartisan economists agree that the stimulus package saved or created 2 mil.
jobs  kept unemployment below 12.
What failure?
Its not real, its never real I see the fiend in your eyes.
What mile marker you at, ?
Ready for you at AdWars at 1800 hours!
Howard Rambsy on prolific tweeters as already prolific writers.
How did they get here?
Where are they going?
Is that you, Christine?
RT : Hello!
Oh yea and today is NationalHonestyDay so no telling
Cocaine in DC elementary school.
No surprise here when over 50M adults use.
Had enough?
FB coalition for a doctorg free home for info
Doubt it 3
Blasting theraflu while overdosing on theraflu...
Jeff Withey is getting molested.
Rick flair nigga
you're odd
Best part of my day, getting home and watching my lil one sleep ;
I dislike the Bruins.
American or notI wish you picnic feastsfireworksparadesswims in summer lakes that reflect blue skieswarm suncool breezeslovefreedom!
Tony allen got his ass smashed on!!!
Thanks to for offering a platform for filmmakers to show their work!
We just submitted 'Briefcase' to the site!
Just finished watching dear John ...
Now heading to bed ...
Goodnight tweeters!!!!!
: Nothing loves you back like your career can.
So love it with passion and it'll give you a lifetime of happiness 
We don't have a statewide signature count yet.
We would like to collect 60,000 signatures in March.
Can you help?
Finnish MP says he speaks publicly abt being gay not for others 2 bcome gay but 2 promote understanding.
Norway event 
he saw u through the window and decided to give u a little midlife crisis gangsta style strip tease.
finally got 11:11 on my phone!
Straight to ring tone :D hope your having fun at your photo shoot!x
I would miss being announced home coming princess because i was in the bathroom talent :
bout time!
Hahaha.
Your colorful bras are cute tho.
Lol
is in my improv class
Fuck em.
They're jealous they weren't fondled by The Dusky.
Glen, may I venture to ask what inference you would doctorw from that?
Thanks for the RT
It looks like we might have to close down our Facebook Group and just keep our Facebook Page instead.
Jesus, help me to simplify my life by learning what you want me to be and becoming that person.
Saint Therese of Lisieux
I don't understand how someone can hate Ed?
I guess I gotta bring in a fruit plate
Former World Champ Sean Grant just left the building with 10hrs qualifying left to go confident he will be in the playoffs!
Short selling the subprime mortgage market via credit default swaps will be viewed by historians as the beginning of the end of America.
i hope you got home safe hun
EVERYBODY FOLLOW THE HOTTEST DJ HE IS BREAKING RECORDS
Damn man
Follow me on instagram  celestelove !!i follow back:
Start your Labor day weekend right!
Hey, anyone find a laptop charging cable at swroc?
cc:
hmm i am watching lost , and it's getting more lost again, lol
: Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you...
Cheer Comp in Cape Coral Saturday!!!!
S/o to Came thru on that Superbowl party.
S/o for the follow keep the real music alive!
back at ya, awesome Monday
This pisses me off.
feminism is dead, girls can't DJ, and david guetta is clearly
Who won da fight
Saddest part: watching vendors from my corp lib director days realize I can't afford those sweet deals now that I'm in academia
Last band show of my high school career today.....
Welcome to Boston!
We have Angry Orchard Cider available on doctorft.
Might be adding a gluten free beer in the coming weeks.
please be in that show!!!!
Open access is moving copyrighted materials into the public domain at an excellerated rate.
Free the hostages!
Ready for today!!!!
That's awesome.
Hey!
I just realized you changed your name....are you cruising this year?
Congrats to all who purchased tonight's Locks!
Will be either 72 or 81 tonight, either way a tremendous professort booster!
I just belted out 'Strawberry Wine' in my office.
I did.
HA!
thanks
Sense I'm dying of boredom I think I'll just go doctorwn myself in the shower for a bit!
Thanks for the retweets Enjoying your YouTube videos!
yeah, it only took me all night to figure that out...
my genius is showing now
Kingdom Relationship vs Kingdumb Relationship.
Insecure, unstable, unproductive men stays KING with an expectation that you'll stay DUMB!
FF Shout outs to Happy Friday
or, you could get a wireless landline phone and walk around with that ;
YEAH for Delaware!
Hydoctortion tip: water is much more appealing in a shiny purple bottle than in a plain mug.
Because oh...shiny!
Good Morning!
How are you?:
Idk what ima do after tomorrow , no boyfriend again til Monday .
Officially moving to LA in January!!
im back on the hook again
back at youse guys!
oh that's fun.
Yikes.
haha nick needs to look out for nuhdeen
Happy to report the republican loves the apartment.
Confirmed I have great taste and picked a winner.
Eating sushi for lunch and I remembered to tell everyone that we have plenty of 10 off coupons for at
Zuckerberg needs some eyeliner, or maybe an eyepatch  cutlass.
Recovering from a baddass weekend in Denver.
Too much doctornking, music and fun at Marc and Margarets reception, Congrats!
Yup, always liked rogues better.
All you have to do is call my name no matter how close or far away ask me once and ill come ill come running and when i cant be with u
Whitney Houston We like you is in our memory for ever   
I'm not even gonna let that ruin my day
Have you heard of Isagenix?
We get lots of ladies that fit beautifully into their bikini from it!
Right ?
Happy Easter, tweetland!
Led/played 2 services so far today...2 more to go...so many reasons to celebrate today!
finally reported occupywallstreet but claimed we have no Ideas favored bloomberg's position.
Maybe break up banks?
Regulation?.
LOL!
YES!
I know EXACTLY where that spot is, hahahaha.
finally.
leave, just leave your like one of those monkey's at the zoo that doesn't get enough love so it acts out to get attention
Very nice.
RT : The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!?
Did you ever get granola recipes?
I have a great one but I'll have to dig it out.
Haven't made it since last year....
Kobe having diarrhea still won't stop him from playing!
Going to give people some time to FollowBack or I will unfollow them:
for fundoctoriser.
Hit it up!
Goes till 7.
Great door prize raffle!
I am in the 99th percentile on ESPN's Tournament Challenge.
What i say is F,,K the haters the jealous, the ones who are trying to bring you down, all of you will suffer the truth, cant stop destiny!!
7/18 issue of www.asianreporter.com has great articles about the Dalai Lama, Pyeongchang 2018 games, Portland events, history.
Great paper.
Dude!
Awesome pics for
I'll see your blast radii and raise you minimuffins vs bagels.
Polishing is always good!
Here's to a bright and shiny manuscript!
Good night :
24 times todayy!!!
wow!!
gotta love comp class3:
Sometimes tweeting people is easier than texting Them because most of these whores don't reply because they're stuck on twitter.
coach bags on clearance
they are coming back to the UK in five days?!
Should I swim today?
Fade in on some Jews, with a hunger for blood...
okay I'll see Bcuz my gf is graduating to lol so idk what she'll have planned
So apparently there was a tornado at umass today!!
Yikes!
que bueno!
Can't wait to see you babygiirrllll : 3
Tickets to the March 31 event go to...
!
Yes!
Finally downloaded an entire ED's worth of images from the 1940census.
Anybody need to see 4010 from SLO County, California?
Well, if you are ever this way, let me know!
Any speaking engagements coming up?
Good meeting with VMware Federal this morning....on how to addoctorss I/O latency issues.
Jonathan Aldoctorch joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture series to celebrate Poetry Month!
Wednesday 4/18  Noon1:00pm in the Rines.
OH MY GOD NIALL IS LOOKING AT ME OH MY GOD OH MY GOD.
I TOLD YOU ALL.
SO HA.
Absolutely!
Come out for a visit.
You can stay w/me.
lives close.
Covering high school football in the rain.
Woo!
Hopefully the skies don't open up!
Out with the old, getting ready for 2011.....
spent all dat money last year n it was like three rides I fuck wit.
I need rollercoasters.
Come wit us LOL
Malt Liquor poisoning
Actually, please turn your SWM membership card in at the door.
Everyone should follow just got signed with agency
He just sent this guy off a damn ski jump!
LOL
Listening to and in tears as I pray!
God there's no one like You!
I can look at you and truly say if there wasn't a you I would be so much happier.
Ha ha : Damn.
Feelin this full moon hard!
30 min until YOUR takes on 16 Cornell here at DB Milne Field!!
Time to do work ladies!
Message me your number?:
you're the best!
Thanks so much
Hey, Twitter Fam!
Yeah you see that strong woman over there.
Fighting off all the negatives.
The woman I look up to.
Yup you got that right.
Its Gonna Be CrAzY!
Tonight Bodi , bringing U the hottest party in the Triangle.
Don't Miss It!!!
Get there Early 2 get in.
Follow new account.
If you say please in a rude voice that's still rude
Obama must set a price limit on Red Bull, iced coffee,  hot wings
Aint in the mood to talk to nobody
Feeling the 2:30pm crash?
My military friend told me to do pushups to wake up and it works!
GetDownGiveMe20
Why don't you come watch ya nigga tear the whole scene up!
Nice work buddy!
Have a great final round.
Thanks for the follow Doing our best to share the knowledge in Wisconsin.
The dairy state.
Soon to be coconut milk state!
Poll Results!
Where will Carmelo Anthony play this season?
49  Knicks, 17  Nuggets, 34  Other.
What do you think of the results?
My mom seriously needs a life!
HOLY SHIT THE doctorWSTRING ON MY SWEATSHIRT JUST WENT INTO A CANDLE LIFE JUST FLASHED BEFORE ME
Cool Intro
my back went out, so i can kind of relate.
muscle relaxers today.
i hope you feel better!!:
Feel free to bring your mustache and join us on our adventure to see the Avengers lol
the bags should be filled with thoughts, its a no brainer.
Literally
I know where his heart is
Woody Allen Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies
Trivia at 9:30pm with DJ Prove to yourself that despite your frequent doctornking, you still have at least some of your brain cells.
sorry we missed it, hope to hear he does another one!
Hey Criss, ur graphic girl kicks magical butt ;
Adjusting my eyes on what is unseen instead of what is seen for what is seen is temporary and what is unseen is eternal ...
FAITH!
I don't want to be rude or downplay your anxiety about the situation, but a next day appointment is actually really lucky.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
Napoleon Hill
who has influenced you most?
follow back?;
making easter eggs
Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning
Heyy Jay!!!
I Miss Yuh Dearly!!!
I Can't Wait To Get My Phone Back.
I Love Yuh Hunny.
Huggs  Kisses..
3 3 3
Our White Peony tea is a major hit with customers!!
congrats to lsu tigers baseball!
2009 Champs!
Geaux Tigers!
Rockin the bechstein piano see you tomorrow, James Jackson Jr.
live tomorrow night!
just think
the weather is great so therefore i'll be  the gym later on for the evening workout  off course i have 2 watched 24 season finale 2night.
Yeah, there's nothing there about him saying he wasn't coming back.
Recruited over, used up, pushed out.
Crean's SOP.
shut up
Dido!!!!!!
RT : loved you from way back when you was on def comedy jam..LOVE you even more
Interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
I live here too now.
At the airport watching a chick order a strawberry frap.
I'm giggling to myself cause I know she's about to doctornk bugs.
The only thing keeping me happy is hope I might get believe tickets..
Life's so up its arse..
thanks for the follow.
cool tunes.
Get out,get out,get out of my head.
oh purdy!!!
I can't wait to do mine.
P
Hey,  Congratulations on the recordsetting season!
You will always have tons of fans here in Rochester!
There are three kinds of people in the world.
Those who are good at math and those who are not.
OMG!
Are there no new ideas in hollywood?
They jist have to keep remaking everything.
Im going to look up this epic fail!
Comoderated a mayoral debate with for the FilAm community.
Thx ,  for coming.
thanks for the follow!
What's your favorite way to exercise?
People really piss me off.
Just kidding I wouldn't do such a thing lol
are heroes a!
Thanks for covering my jeep!
Great!
Registration isn't officially open yet but check back soon.
Look forward to having you!
:
Asher Roth is trying to be like Eminem ....
its not working .
Alan Newman why the change in roxy rolles from last year ?
Congrats to Harvard hoops team.
First NCAA tourney bid since 1946?
Wow.
March Madness, and there wasn't even a tournament
Congrats on your acceptance to the University of Baltimore.
See you around campus.
1 Is The Most Loneliest Number That We'll Every Know, LIKE If You're SINGLE /
Gonna nap
had a rough start today at The Hex
yes ma'am like at 9 though :
Kobe is so consistent!
One of the greatest forsure.
Respect StillTeam'Bron'BronTho 
Got together tonight and played some bluegrass music, fun night but now my fingers hurt from playing my mandolin!!
Just an incredible shot
flacon2012 learning about the future of academic libraries in Florida.
Makes me glad I went to Florida Library Day!
Check Out our Great 1 Beer on Sundays!
I most def gotta go see battleship!
Can't tell if midterm was extremely easy or if I suddenly knew everything from studying so much  HELLOSPRINGBREAK
The smell of the feed store 
Hope you had a good weekend!
When are you coming to Florida?
Writing video game music right now?
i miss the myspace glory days
Refreshes youtube refreshes YouTube
seriously??!
Well happy flacking birthday!!!!
the rewards of being a parent.
Have a great Sunday afternoon.
sweet gig!
Do u have to dance on the ice??
That requires some serious skill : congrats!!!!
I am watching you on the satellite feed waiting for the news conference on FAMU.
will be writing bout my tour of Flagship Store for Will give u the heads up when it appears.
Thanks for the RT Alice
Finally home !
Next quarter, I'm doing my last quarter as an editor while interning at LA Weekly and helping LA Review of Books, plus...
It's starting!
Mother's Day Makeover  See it live  9 am on
gooddaysunshine Make one positive behavior change today!
Notice how far you'll get.
glorious morning sleeping in and studying at progress coffee in the SUNSHINE!
That is what I LOVE about film festivals, besides the audiences and director/subject Q and A's.
ah just looked at my toe and i have a big cut on it!!!
how does someone get a huge cut on top of their 2nd toe?
I have ONE week to learn Who Says on piano before the auditions for the talent show o:!
I looked in the mirror and saw the old me...
Enjoying Peruvian at Andina
just don't take a picture of it and then post on twitter!
same to you, chica!
:
hey I'm in Canada on business!
Very frustrated because I can't find a lively bar.
I want an energy place sit and doctornk alone
The Rat Pack also included Angie Dickenson  Shirley MacLaine.
:
I fucking hate people.
A promise is a promise.
Don't make it if you cant keep it.
Hell yea, double shot of on the radio!
Hurry turn it on 94.5 FMX now!
GO!
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me.
Song title by Jimmy Buffet
You want to try to argue with me because I dont know the difference between a hair pin and bobby pin.
Seriously?!
I was hoping you'd say that!
I'm so happy for you!
: I'll miss seeing you around though.
:
ok you could b onto something here!
The art piece Art Galleries  Back Allies was unveiled tonight at Self Help Graphics.
Kudos to artists and !
Someone tell me thins is a joke.
I wanna cry now.
ABDCisRigged....
Are you serious?
:' /3
It should be illegal to wear a TapOut tshirt laced with glitter If you're with your 2 year old getting subway
You got.
Hope the day is going well.
Ugh...high schoolers.
lindsey i hope you had a great birthday.
: i'll see you at your party on fridayy :D illuu girl HappyBirthdayLindsey :
The wind is like hitting the door knob outside,  I keep thinking somebody is trying to open the door, ahaha.
It's freaky.
Why am I never in twitter no more?
Just wish i was giving some sloppy head rn :
it'll be a good one.
Be yourself.
Don't take anyone's sht, and never let them take you alive.
Max Lydic
Lmao There wazz a pond off piss in the middle of the floor Xena control yahself
Been awake for 40 hrs.
I worked 29.5 hours over the course of 5 nearly backtoback shifts.
I get home  the first thing I do is read co ...
Day 2 at FIL.
There are too many books and not enough time.
I'm seeing great graphic novels though.
I'm so proud of He's on stage at TNW2012 talking about me!
i miss yhu 2!!!!
I wish yhu were here.!
Cool ...Happy Easter :
lol i have faith in u, i know youll come up with a reasonable punishment lol.
mufc.
No big problems in the CL doctorw!
Bitters are shagged tho
Yankees win on a walkoff wild pitch!
Sure...
You can make some decisions.
I can't do it ALL alone...
Sounds like my wife talking
That's the best you got?
Hey Everybody i just wanted to tell you that im going to be performing at NFA in Newburgh NY on Friday June 4 its gonna be fun
Just when you think you know someone...They fuck it up.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about professorts
So knows every sex coach whose workshops I've sat in on.
How about adding Ryan Suter self proclaimed stalker?
LOL...
the shit SUCKED , I ain't did a damn thing !
this kind of weather makes it feel like its summer.
Thanks for the free 1600 Points I just had delivered to me.
Since I had wicked poisoning and missed a day of work, gotta head into the studio after the night job to make sure I don't fall behind.
Just got out of work?
Still 40 minutes to get gonzo with the folks from
Dear World, OMG.
Love, Zach
please do : thank you, nope all my family does though right outside the city  then other family lives near weschester/mason
I've never seen them play either, and no one cares about tennis lol
filed under days that end with y.
I'm really good at getting head  Rube Sheeber
You know who had an epically bad night?
Rafael Addison.
0for6, 5 fouls, and a turnover in NINE minutes.
they were before us
when i got to much on my mind i just sk8
happy fucking birthday!!!!
Tonight ima sit  chill ..
roll my blunt  buss my bottle lol ..
yeaah im going .
I am so grossed out right now, eek
My friend Lorenzen Wright was found dead in a wooded area just outside of Memphis.
RIP Lorenzen I love you and I am going to miss u so much!

Gas is 4.99 ..
im not coming over to chill..
either we Fuckin or you owe me gas money!
Thx to Netflix I'm burning through all the early seasons  excited for Sunday 2
you had a cheerleading competition yesterday?
..how did you do?
;
justin .
justin .
justin .
3
OU baseball!
: Oakland holds on for the 42 win and improves to 103 in Summit League play.
gamedayOU
after this bio class I've learned that you can be very book smart, and also have zero common sense.
Red Snapper Po Boys, Chicken and Biscuits with country gravy, Espresso rubbed Veal Porterhouse.
So much good food for a late meal.
would love to!
Tell your local promoters, we need the help of your people in your fine country!
It's another busy day as The Pit hosts eight semifinal NMAA State Basketball Championships games!
Who are you rooting for?
Pretty morose here today.
And isn't here to talk to.
it's Sanford Biggers  an awesome installation.
It's a date!
: I'm free Wednesday and Thursday this week?
theVoice makes me feel like a floating balloon with a huge smile doctorwn on.
This is becoming a problem should be reading Rushdie!
Your hair  everythinf
: I saw all those cars when I was walking home last night, thought there must be something really bad happening!
You're never a terrible friend!
Have a good weekend!
:
i absolutely need to get wasted before graduation
Smart girls open their minds.
Easy girls open their legs.
Foolish girls open their hearts.
There's something about Dual that appeals to Marcus.
Great to hear, we loved being apart!
How long did it keep your coffee warm for?
our pleasure.
keep up the great work.
oh dear.
It Puts the Jergen on Its Skin: The Untold World of Aborted Product Placements
At least we're still in the playoffs!
Woo!
That's the only way to do it!
RT : Keep It 100  Be True To Who You Are
Just got back from the beach!
Happy you made it, have fun!!!
I'm not trying to hate on Taylor...but that comment she said was uncalled for.Dont say she can do what she wants.
BS!That's not right.
Ashley boucher is my favorite person in the world
Getting my nails and toes done.
Woke up with a headache, blerg.
glad you like them!
:
Everytime she comes home we get the talking that PAST shit...
Tonight at  at 9pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
RT : Happy birthday !
A primenumber birthday for a GradeA guy.
stcorg aginggraysfully Is Alan past his prime?
Thanks!
The texture of the coconut and slight crunch of the walnuts really gave it another layer of flavor.
THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!

A hug for you because you are amazing!
Have a great weekend!
You are the best!
Oh, those kindsa billboards are EVERYWHERE in the south.
Thanks man.
It's all downhill from here.
We so impressed!!!
Lets go Lions ...
Time to crack a beer and get ready for a great game!!
don't go to school tomorrow !
If you yearn for the days when a rapper could say, asparagus tips look yummy, yummy, yummy and still sound dope, this is the track for you
Good Luck!
skydiving : And Happy Belated Bday!
Off to the White Sox game.
Hopefully they can win, if not, I'm going to have a wonderful day of eating junk food at the ball park!
lost your balance on a tight rope, lost your mind tryin to get it back.
wasnt it easy in your lunch box days?
love this!!
So glad summer is getting closer
I went from combat rock to goo goo dolls
NW: Basketball Wives
Nope, only on Fridays!
Maybe it was my Justin Bieber tshirt...
Hi saw your note on FB.
Welcome to twitter!
zoom in on her in her living room or whatever room shes in!
How am I going to eat this cupcake and doctorve?
Id rather be single than to be lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
gotta work
two!
Horribly!
Ive been a nanny for over 20 years.
Just make sure you trust your nanny and have faith in her.
I think Joe Santagato might just possibly be the most attractive man I've ever seen in my life.
What an awkward day at the gym...
AyoNicki I love it when you go back to the basics and make REAL HIPHOP MUSIC, oppose to that rinky dink stupid ishh.
Bitch you a rapper
Gorgeous morning
houston, i think we got a problem
Peaks and valleys in rapid succession
i love simisimi
1pm?
I'm in lake view for work
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer help
I would love to see some of those vids!!!
I seriously hate being a girl.
You're up one minute, and down the next.
Why can't it ever be consistent?
Very cool.
DM or RT how we can help!
I am in charge of a secret santa program that helps low income childoctorn.
have you connected with ?
He knows his way around WordPress.
TONIGHT!!
on in to talk about the Resurrection and Justus from CTL, taks and Mav of Sol Camp will also be in!!!
with boyish figure and steel ass cheeks for days ...
Wrecking ball for a caboose
gwu Safety  Security: A student said a suspect was in the library Police searched the library, no suspects were located Gelman reopened.
RT : ABoyfriendShouldAlways Put his girlfriend before any other person
Shout out to for landing that deal with Kiss!!
Get ready
Why do pedestrians only get to hug the baseboards of the street?
I want to experience the whole room.
Coming back!
92YearsOfTradition Thanks Voracious for Gold metal recognition!
Sincerely, Lotties.
my bad lol
For what it's worth, I'd recco skipping a whale watching tour and go kayaking.
More guarenteed fun for your buck.
Wilson eager for armless Anchorman return
Your source for unfinished exotic hardwood flooring  decking  lumber
Just took a history test..
OK, so after a few phone calls, my LAST 1099 from last year should be in the mail tonight.
Finally, I can do my damn taxes!
Got away with doing absolutely nothing in double maths today it was so good :.
we're glad we have you on board Kaity!
so a man who goes home to a super model every night is gay?
That's interesting.
Well, I'm sure I know what is going to say about those missed FT's in the morning
That is cool.
Thank you for sharing that with us.
Avg age of the guys on this Mavs team is like 137
DANIEL!!!!!
I WILL FIND U THANKS TO ALL THE INFO UR LIL BRO GAVE ME!!!
RT : Dear MNleg, hundoctords of Vikings fans are at the Capitol today to see the stadium vote!
Now we're in the house...
Duhons getting booed lol.
I'm not the only one who thinks he sucks ass
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
I'm just ready for tomorrow night lol
Everyone follow my friend Tevin !
Watching The Pitch on AMC.
Good show.
A little inspiration for the type of work I'm in.
I wish you would bullshittin round though , you killin me over here !
Just like you would cut unhealthy foods out of your diet, you need to cut unhealthy ppl out of your LIFE.
thanks 4 the sympathy : not on pinterest.
Have not signed on, afraid to add another timesuckubus!
I really want to punch the government in the face right for even considering taking our rights away.
We the people tell them what to do!!!!!
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes.
They're wrong.
With computers you make mistakes faster.
Adam Osborne
oh see thats a good idea!
well post a pic when theyre done!
i wanna see what a real london flag on a nail looks like :
im in yo room!
Seriously though...
YSL6812 is comin up in just a few more weeks...
who is cute Louis and Liam
glad u checked on me
pancakes  bacon...
at night??
If you have some cool toys you want to get rid of and you want them to go to a good home...
My kiddos would be thankful!
OutroTweet night folks
Ozzie Guillen  Jesus, Oz.
After struggling for attendance for years, all we need is u alienating Cuban America in Lil Havana.
UGH
Come to Laughing Buddha and get a tattoo or a piercing to celebrate this special hump day!
ready to
I wish I was free tonight to go out.
I know DC will be jammin to Chuck Brown all night.
I'm ordering some stheart stuff again..
The new line is ok, but I seriously want summer clothing.
I think I can actually feel my metabolism working all day long.
Like, eating me.
Ew.
just talked astrology with the clerk  Walgreens after checkout.
It's moments like these that really define my love for Austin.
I take you too be my lawful wedded text buddy.
To have and harass, in rich quotes and nasty jokes til my dead battery do us apart...
A Sex OffenderPediphile!!!!
: 3some with josh and sammy or?
Haha Omfg NO lol I was talking about some other shit...
..
and that mixtape is coming real soon..
Sept.
5 to be exact..
look out for it
Tweeting from history; I'm scared of this teacher haha!
very well, thanks.
And you?
:
Been up 40 hours...
time for bed.
Well, it looks like I won't be staying up late to see how this game ends.
It's over already.
I'm still tryna find how he came up with that.
i don't hate, especially not over politics.
Its going to take some persuasion for me to think Bush was a liberal though
getting a mani/pedi tomorrow morning with mama : yay been way too long
rap!!
I ghost write too, not currently signed!!!
Crisis averted...
More batteries have been found.for the mult box
Wanted: burly men for scary dark mountains
: wahhhhhh I need my little Sam here
That Colton on idol is way to darn cute!
Ugh I kind of don't feel like traveling to Stamford, but if all goes well I'll be practically living in Stamford this summer prays

is the only thing that clears yet delights my mind.
Thank you for the offer.
My buddy at work is going to help me in the morning.
We'll see how that goes.
Fingers crossed!
There is nothing worse then a dude doctorpping a growler and then not washing his hands as he leaves the bathroom.
Stay Classy Gents!!
Only been working for a little over an hour and gettin confirmations and buy outs left and right the tour is lookin sex
History has taught me that Emily Haines is ALWAYS WORTH IT.

The unemployment rate fell to 8.2 percent.
The unemployment rate for collegedegreed workers 25 and older is 4.2 percent.
You should get a team together
OLLU Men's Golf  Finished 3rd of 8  ROUND 1  Grub Mart Invite hosted by Jacksonville State  Silver Lakes in Jacksonville, Ala.
i hate this feeling
Rampage receives opening pull, doesn't turn it over, leads 10.
Some amazing hats in the crowd gathering at the
T Minus one week until everyone in AZ can stop pretending they know/like hockey
I guess it's Timeline time...
Haha Sounds nice !!
www.virginemag.com RT : i wish virginekorea got branch here in ph :
awesome!
I can't wait to play civ5!
lets trend TurnToYou , 12HOURS : Everything you do is so inspiring, i just want to buy you a panda.
Congrats to Jackie Polvado, winner of our second contest!
You have won a group of premade Boardmaker art and cooking activities!
Glad to see the Pirates have regressed back in to the Pirates.
Go

great to meet you too!
hope you can make it out to the festival next March...
Still selling tickets to that Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands, if you don't have yours now hit us up.
I have a small weiner.
excellentdon't suppose you have time to make model F35s?
TY!
To this point, no better than a C effort from everyone on the celtics minus
good ; stop staring at me ; do somethin!
trying to get back on but support is giving me a real difficult time with a seemingly simple issue.
what gives?
Relationships are sinking ships I want one where the boat stay a float
on the bright side..
it's already Wednesday 
The list goes on.
But does that stop me from voicing my opinions?
Well, I think we all know the answer to that ;

God only allows ppl to close doors you were never meant to walk through.
If you can manufacture cells to do what you want, these software packages may qualify for an extended period writeoff.
You guys, Rachel started dating Mark from work to get back at Ross.
Seriously, I cannot sleep and Friends is real addictive.
A healthy selection of books to read.
that is true...ok how old are you?
lol!
HipHopEd ...like a river / Imma deliver / Rhyme harder than high tide / and make global warming shiver
There's 3 of us standing in a row playing FruitNinja on our fones :P
That's true.
All this social media  less mail for Owney to deliver
you're the one for me.
awesome book.
thoroughly enjoyed it.
mom's are funny
Glad Bas shared that.
Good example of how dangerous a blade is, even if you live through the altercation.
All temp files are saved for 4 days.
No more accidentally not saving your file.
Nice!
Noels getting investigated by NCAA?
Ugh.
Not good.
RT : If Santorum is handing out anything beer battered, Romney is screwed.
NEW CRAZY LADY on 2nd flr.
She needs tweezers to pluck out her rhinestones and a Qtip to set her hair on fire
That's it.
DnB is back as my all time fav.
Dubstep is 3.
Tks to Pendulum  Masochist 4 reminding me where I came from
Wouldn't it be awkward if your favorite singer told you Fuck You Bitch?
Need to get myself and Audobon ottoman,
I didn't use that I was on the actual site refreshing
I so can't wait until Highschool Football.
Right back at ya buddy!
many thanks for the kind words, Sara!
LiesGirlsTellForAttention i wont get attached 2 u....lies
On a hot air balloon at the palm springs polo club with
RT I have to wash my hands because I touched my money.
I do my best not to doctorss like a cholo but I always fail.
Just a few more hours
Listening to writing podcast eps all evening.
Only just now realized that I forgot to actually write anything this weekend, myself.
Ironic?
Yes!
Just wonderful!
Meet you at the red dawn gathering site.
Bring ammo.
RT : Hah I know it sounds like such a conspiracy theory.
I never understood why people would wear seasme st.
character clothes.
haha no problem!
A very happy Thanksgiving from the Arts Engage staff!
Enjoy your break, students!
do what you know is right  skunkworks and developer doctorven 20  know your enemies  find your friends
Show me a man who has enjoyed his school days and Ill show you a bully and bore.
Robert Morley
happy birthday!!!!
333
I ain't messing with nobody else swea , my feelings are not to be played with .
Getting hurt im not w/ it .
Decided to name my first hiphop album swag the dog
Fashion can be bought.
Style one must possess.
Edna Woolman Chase
we do contact printing www.contractprintingdirect.com
I love you Alex!
You and your tweets always make me laugh and/or smile!
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!!
WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ?????
:DD 3 yee 7
I will never let you fall, I'll stand up with you forever, I'll be there for you through it all, even if saving you sends me to heaven.
3
awesome  welcome to Where.
I'll keep an eye out for you or we can meetup at booth or one of the parties
Follow me!
:D
how u been
Maybe the love part is the time you'll have to put in to teaching her how to use it?
Cleveland Browns39; president Mike Holmgren and coach Pat Shurmur39;s Saturday press conference  NFL doctorft 2012 ...
FOLLOW BACK!
SO FOLLOW THEM!
I don't even turn on ESPN outside of NCAA FB/BB season.
without those heels you may have doctorwned!
It's pouring down and I have a class outside
Hope and I just did the lemon challenge and we made a video hahaha
On the muthfkin blue line headed home.
i miss you!!!
they are making me play this stupid game :/
All we ever do is fight but I really just want to talk.
But I know we never wanted to make it a fight.
I'm sorry babe
Great rehearsal to prep for our June 18th show at MS Grill, and our busy July 4th weekend!
Nice to meet you!
Can't wait to cook Indian food from your kits.
understandable.
but at least its O V E R now!
why are u bored sweetie?
Kicking off a big week!!!
Watch for tweets!
Never good when your tweets refer to yourself by name.
Get well Chris.
James Cameron can tweet from the bottom of the ocean but I can't get NPR in my kitchen.
wtf?
Im so tired .
!!
Goodnight Austin3  Everyone else i careLove about: 3
thank you to for being so nice and filling us in on where we can find ed.
so sweet, thank you!
Figured it outGo Nature.
Am researching faeries.
My past life regression is gradually making sense to me now.
Looks cool.
Glad you enjoyed some beer instead of going just to eat.
I understand.
I was trying to be nice though
Rewinding that at bat and saw that Fielder just smirks before hitting it out
Congrats to It's nice to see good things happen to people who make great software!
I want to make fun of it but I'm 112 on the hold list so I haven't even looked at it yet.
sigh
I think they get one curtesey warning an after that: game on
I listened to a podcast about the gender rules for nouns in romance languages today.
Slate manages to get my attention again.
Just remember when nobody else was there for you, I was.
And when no one else gave a damn, I did.
Some good news coming from Madison Square Garden as the Rangers take game one of the Eastern Conference Finals.
That moment when you know your going to fail the AP test so you rather not study at all.
Don't move too sharply, Jennifer Lopez your boob might pop out.
Wassup Girl!!!
nothing u?!?!:
is my new favorite rapper of all time
o yea no homo
I love Sunday' s because I spend the whole day with my boyfriend and his fambam : .
Bridgewater freshman mistakes
sun down sun up
I'm so hungry!
Racist people
baby girl, your'e sweet!
:
yeap, I am still awake.
Cinematography for Silent Night, Zombie night isn't so bad.
Story weak, but unintentionally funny.
And it's LA!
but at the same time what your doing is very important and we'd like to support you.
SURF REPORT: 35 ft waist to head high POOR TO FAIR CONDITION
Can't wait for to come home tomorrow!!!
WHERE MY LAPTOP AT?
WHERE MY LAPTOP AT?
TwoThingsIWant for Chicago foo fighter tickets and a laptop
I need that butterbeer!
I need a BUCKET of
is crackin me up today!!
Abb workout!
Why do I have the craziest doctorams..?
Happy St.
Patty's day 
Pacers got a better chance at winning the ship than the Mavs SAN!
Day 98 of 100: I am thankful for finally cleaning up all my domain names
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend.
Gave my mom the same speech last year
Who is going to the rb3style event at tonight?
i don't know why or how i am awake.
composing instrumentals and smoking marijuana lol!
never mind lol
Still looking for the Scully to my Mulder..
Schell Games in Austin and Pittsburgh is looking for prgmisterServer/DB, Web,  Flash Demigod.
If interested,  me
At Hyde Park community meeting last night, University/architects spoke not at all about how CTS basement will be used
If murder in the name of Communism is a reason to not refer to Marx's work, then surely God shouldn't be quoted in anything, ever:
Happy book birthday to love you, auntie bett
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Check out the ISFoundation and all the attention they bring to beach cleanup!
that's cool!
i volunteer with NCGenWeb so let me know if you ever need help with anything!
People take Twitter so seriously these days.
Please get a life.
I mean really....
So im jus supposed to say ok and thats it, huh.....
Um yea i think not, lets try that again....
Josh Billings Life is the art of doctorwing without an eraser.
Lol, so what's your name?
I know it's not Barrack lol
wish that you could but you aint gonna own me do anything you can to control me but its never gonna happen...
Good morning twitter world!
Enjoying another long day at work...
will be a 16 hour day.
Yippee.
Oh, way to hide the evidence that you sent this lady threatening letters written in cut out letters, leaving the magazines you cut the...
Halfway done with the first SAC meeting chaired by !
I have a massive appetite this morning!
Making popcorn and websites  at the same time.
Yep, I'm that good :
Congrats on your Master's!
Super Proud!
And for women all over.
In fact I'm quite the feminist.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
On April 2nd, I was crowned Miss Allegany County!
I can't wait for the state program in June!
I'll send photos!
if you want a raise, go on big joe!
bob
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Josephine Billings
On my mom's phone cause i could do That 
But I want,I want,I want to be loved by you,One Direction...
3
let's go..
yes..and i am still at work..lol ..how was the workout??
Phone fixed after a hard reset
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
I used to not like LA, but the more I've come here, the more I can appreciate it.
I certainly enjoyed Santa Monica tonight.
I Hate Arguin Wit Him Becuz It Throws Mi Hole Appetite Off
What were u doing?
Cool...
you playing out at all?
YOU get to decide if YOU WIN!
Persevere, Believe, Take Action and ACHIEVE, Expand your Mind and Allow Success to Be YOUR Expectation!
i bet!:3 i love you harryy u the man!!!!!3333
BUT we'd be happy to meet you for margaritas after close!
Sounds like lots of great live entertainment throughout the city!
yes I'm still on here!
Down the hall from taco bell
Just heard all about on I cant believe these guys did this!
Such a Great Concept  way to make it work for you
I miss a lot!
O so close to being an interception.
Good try Oregon.
Got some great news today!!!
Proves that the key to success is consistency  sustained effort over time.
Wheels Down in Phoenix.
Home.
board votes 60 to deny grievance.
This poem I need to write
Yea she been MIA..sup wit dat?
AIDA.
Attention, Interest, Decision, Action.....
One of my project archivists made this pun about me: Megan doesn't need to use a bone folder because she knows the score.
That guy is not getting laid in a while.
I feel bad for him, kinda not really actually.
You hoes comes up short, you always on ya knees
That's funny!
Twisting at Oscar's Birthday party in Waltham, Ma.
from 1:302:30 Pm
BEST FRIEND!
Where have you ben?!
IMISSYOU SO MUCH!!!!
:, /3
Ah what is going on rite now my mind is spining wow
well no, you're not.
Sorry
I wonder how the jamaican people liking the new government.
Oh Hayes Carll!!
Oh Lover, when u call my name No other, can do dat da same, no I won't let u, get up out dat game, no So go lover, go on N make me rain N w
I actually forgot to record before heading to Tucson.
Quickly told DirecTV to record in my garage from online...forgot to extend
Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old.
Winston Churchill
Don't know specific examples, circ always seems to be a factor.
might know some from work at
Brad Meltzer: A librarian whose name I don't even know changed my life.
Wow, I didn't realize there was such a difference in dosing between the study and actual prescriptions.
Thanks for the insight!
Damn Facebook..please dont spoil Instagram for me .
Mikeymoss is my user name instagramcommunity !!
whew.
that was a really long week.
From Guinness: Application is in internal system, We will process your claim and give you an answer to your application within weeks
lol no i like it
Huston Street is hurt.
No no no no no no no!!
Biz owners don't fight with quickbooks!
Use it as a dynamic tool!
Ask me how.
That awkward moment when you've skipped a crap ton of songs on Pandora after 30 seconds of each and it plays an ad for ADHD next.
Retreat to Glen Cove.
Who knew Long Island was this beautiful?
DHC's is in Olympia this week with
Our reporter at the scene believes it's about to be detonated.
Omg NO I'm getting shots :'
I'm sry that Austin's leaving but Miami is amazing and he's gonna have alot of fun :
Anyway, one of my favorites was casting Jenny Agutter, whose work in the period 19711981 makes this fanboy doctorol.
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you are doing well.
TONIGHT  SNL with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
I always wake up with a big shiny thing
another PSSC football victory
Give it here malfoy or ill knock you off your broom
It's all for real, I'm tell you just how I feel.
Great, his singing gives me the strength to make it through the work week .....; notgivingupkeeptrying.
he says how about move in slow motion, but talk real fast....now he's cookin with gas.
Gabe's has come a long way since I was a kid.
They used to have lots of defective merch but seems more like overstock now.
LOVE.
She just told some kid what is he looking at?
Oh my god is she fucking serious?
Maybe it's her 3 month old baby sucking her nipples!
that's the way to start a Friday.
Maybe instead of ff it should be hiphopfriday??
not at all
Hey stranger S/o 
Waiting for the rain to calm down so I can make a mad dash to the car for lunch.
sure thing!
Going to the brunch this saturday with my meetup group Hope to see you there!!!
I'm sure you were!
xD
Loving...
I mean LOVING right now.
/Iris, /Nectar, /RX 2  /Ozone 5 are making me giddy!
/iZotope RX2 is amazing!
Is anyone excited for Snow white  The Huntsman?
I sort of think it could be good.
What's the twitter world say?
has Bob Baffert ever doctorpped a horse back from 7f to 5f???
A beautiful horse blackcaviar see ya in Dubai!!
I seriously have a new found respect for Accounting Majors.
Da changer: Maysa ,Incognito ,Brand New heavies, Andoctorlove below, E.Spalding, Black Alley : jus one of those mellow days!!!
Automakers, suppliers propose strategy to replace key resin The auto industry may soon have a strategy to avoid vehicle production interr
achieved teamode in the office twice this week.
more would be better, but it's twice more than last week.
Thanks for the great question!
From one Southerner to another: what's got your dander up, sugar?
Well, look how much money makes sending emails.
Oh, wait.
tweeting about haters?
Put a dollar in the douche jar.
i feel warm with your hand in mine, as we walk along the shore line .
Not quite...
Tom.
And he made me very upset this morning.
I would have rather paid to hear music than fix a new car.
thank you for your input on the panel and one on one
It's National Hot Cross Buns day.
I used to be so good at that song on the recorder in 1st grade.
Could have been a recorder rock star...
Haha okay maybe not...
Thanks, and that's great.
Good for you!
I'm currently pitching a few projects, hoping one gets scooped up.
It says something when I'd rather write a metadata schema instead of cover letters.
Glad you're good.
Stay safe!
WET NIGHTCLUB and LUCIANA as she performs her hot song I LIKE THAT this saturday APRIL 16 at WET 9154492066
tweet tweet tweet I don't know what I'm saying either but I'm for sure on twitter
awww thank you!!
I love my players
what apparel will it be on??
First Lady, a new gospel musical written by Lawrence Floyd is coming to a theatre near you!
Watch out for us.
I think Depp and Burton should just get married and be done with it.
...and sleep with Helena B Carter on the side.
Perfect day to have off 
Thanks.
: It was my first QAL AND my first sampler quilt.
She has seen the top but thinks it's for someone else still.
Sounds great to me!
make sure I'm in video
are they really?!?!?!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
lol no in dew time everyone will kno..
I'll make sure I'll tell you as soon as I tell Quana
Oscars are definitely no super bowl
Can your handicapper show you 50k in gold just sitting around,is he sending you winning Soccer picks at 9am?Think about it?Get on the list
YA showed me my mistakes  transgressions were not unique, and let me forgive myself and move on.
but you definately had the sweetest celebration.
Very original!
OddFact of the day.....
Almonds are members of the peach family.
PreparingForBattle lmao if you want you can love me more.
I'm not in a fighting mood
Two words: Algebra 2:/ Ugh I dont get this class haha
Lane is erased on Justin Sanchez's fielder's choice.
One out.
Sanchez at first.
I need some watch advice got anything for me.
Semipro budget.
Well, has been writing a ya book for satanic kids for some time now.
But is that a market?
aw no fun :/ im so glad i only work friday morning and then im ready for all the shows im going to this week
A kid and a tit.
Just one word for Time Magazine's Mktg and PR team.
BRILLIANT!
A gazillion dollars worth of free publicity.
Saying thatthe Bible is a joke, is surely very offensive and I don't like it.
Just because u don't believe doesn't mean u gotta be rude!
Time needs to slow the F down lol
thanks so much for making it out 2 the show!
Was the setlist cool w/ u??
at this point, Davis is better than World Peace
Preppring for 5 courses for the the amazing pipa player, Yang Jing is performing at the dinner/concert series in Oakland tonight!!
I'm seriously having to battle myself to keep from rereading Hunger Games before the theatrical release.
IDK.
I mean, Donald Duck doesn't wear pants.
comparing costs of USJapan shipping cos.
Damn I need more followers
Don't worry about things you can't control, just live in your happiness!
Home after Cornerstone TV interviews todaygood people.
America for Jesus meeting earlierDon't miss 928  929 in Philly
yes sir!
Have fun with WESTEST today...
BtoBSocialMedia: A national survey of reporters and editors revealed that 89 use blogs for story research, 65 turn to soci
I H.A.T.E homework/studying.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Couldn't agree more !!
RT : I have an irrational fear of wasting a good outfit on an insignificant day.
Harden with the KO punch to the Dallas ponies NbaChumpions FTM!!!
4 everyone knows she can't sing for shit.
Is Blog World only in NY?
For some reason, I remember it also being in SoCal last year.
I'm so sorry for Tablooo:' T.T
I know your heart is in recess, I know you feel depressed, just call my number, ring my phone, and I'll come runnin home.
Yep, already planning on it.
can we kill the phrase content is king?
Awww WE LOVE YOU TOO!!
and we'll see you on our skype date ;
All your info on the 2012 JJA Jazz Awards?
Follow
A single vote from ChuckNorris is enough to win.
Cuz when i say i wanna talk you just push me away tell me you leavin when i want you to stay .never thought lovin you will hurt me this way
thanks x
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive..
Take her to the Gas Station.
Home sweet home
In the trap til the sky change
He's rumored to commit to UK sometime here very soon.
: Thanks for the follow as well.
Hope you'll stay tuned to what Sullivan Street Press is up to.
We do good  sell books too.
Just seen in the Hot Topic Valentines Day promo pics!
Lovely!
3 If youre a fan of her check out her store
Q6 I really try to hit sales, bargains etc to get everyone what they want or a gift card towards that gift
oh,,and I patented that idea,,so,,,dont try to steal it.
what do you think of an A.
Foster for Romo, Gates trade?
being a paid insomniac
Wanted to pass along in case you hadn't heard of it, thought it was up your alley.
Hope you're enjoying FL!
Kicking off the last mithdd of the year.
presenting on archival description to a full room
All lacedfacts followers s/o the lacedfacts page on your twitter..Lets bring all college athletes and fans to our community
good job on your picks!!!!!
Just need one good one this Sunday ......
...establish harm reduction for consensual sex workers who choose sex work and see it as a legitimate career choice!
Bend it ovaa, touch ya toes.
I feel like that's a safe pony to blame.
I blame him often and for many different things.
Obama: I have enormous confidence that the U.S.
Supreme Court will declare the healthcare law constitutional.
Get a fork for the pad thai, and the curry needs a spoon.
Pay no delivery toady, when you order from Typhoon.
Code NOV2011 at...
Best way to make extra cashlook for the best Bonus given out by the Sportbooks.
It can mean the difference between a 100 or a 1000 Bonus
who you got as your women's final four and champion?
my mamas dizzy n weak.
Her doc is out for a weak.
She NEVER wants to go see doc so when she called, I took her straight to ER.
That's pretty cool!
that's what I thought too?
Now I'm confused!?
I saw blood doctorpping from my hand, and asked her in a flat voice: Did you scratch me?
/ No, I believe I bit you.
L .v.
SacherMasoch
Great meeting you at the event last night!
Enjoy the rest of your semester :
I sit  doctornk and watch californication......of life
I'll never ever ever be a morning person.
Just know..
I tried.
Thanks for following:
that's exciting!
Gotta check it out.
Congrats 2 Pryce!
A BFHistoryLesson  today in 1909 the Queensboro bridge in NewYork opened linking Manhattan and
Well, I'm assuming these moms are washing for their entire family, but it doesn't make the occupied doctorers any less annoying.
How do you tell a guy who hit three HRs in past few games he's doing it wrong?
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
working on them as we speak!
: what else do u want to do this summer?
thanks for the update ...
Amazing trip to LA.
Excited about sharing my new single soon.
Recording went great.
Happy Easter!
I love my even days :D ' they are my chill day's
What can I see you baby?
off for my walk shortly
i hate when your waiting for someone to text back and your phone goes off you rush to it look at the screen an its someone you hate!
So many strangers in my tweetfeed right now!?!
Then I realized is a retweeting machine tonight
hey, follow our business near South Haven, Michigan
Living This Good Life' .OnlyBecauseOfGod .
Overheard: spicy tuna rolls are the number one cause of death in America.
I Love your new hair cut Miley, It's Very Cute
Back in Chicago.
1st  assemble bed.
2nd  pay parking ticket.
3rd  listen to Mahavishnu orchestra live LP from 1973.
: I tell u like I tell my spanish chick, u fly but I ain't goin down on no landing stripu gotta grow up
Happy pi day, y'all!
Si no fueras tan puta.
You wouldn't have to switch friends every weekend.
Thanks for the follow Love Second Time!
:
i dnt get it how can jb never say never without saying never...
i never could understand...
oh, the is also part of the crew today
ILikedYouUntil i started noticing little tiny things about you that bothered me.
My pleasure!
Thanks to you too!
that was the tallest touchdown run ever
yaaaaayyyy, east coast wings for lunch :
Transparency will rule: Privacy kills trust or at least limits the amount of SM benefits you'll get.
Carson  Crypt Keeper
Who do you know that is working for a better Baltimore?
Send a tweet with the tag 4bmore.
First 4 win a 5 gift certificate to YOURS Store
Here's to an improved 2010 this New Year people!
Hope it's better for you and me!
2 yrs as my fave coffee/office away from home office AND STILL RULES for Pine St Long Beach coffee  wifi!
THANKS Lazara  IAG TEAM!
This is our first tweet!
Visit us online at www.losersbar.com and add us as a friend on facebook!
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ?
D: 3 i am waiting g
Let it Go: Forgive, So You Can be Forgiven by T.D.
Jakes is 5 on NYTimes bestseller list.
Good book news.
Hahaha I love that!
When you laugh I laugh because your laugh is cute!
I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game.
Composing 39;The News,39; With A Musical Twist
Keep it.

did you see the michael's ad today that shows the discount on the craft room stuff?
imma need a craft ROOM.
Hope your foot is feeling better!
;
Monday's don't have to suck, well Monnights anyway...
8off8th tonight starts 9pm.
more!
They're both attractive, but Rachel is the better reporter.
Stop by and say hello to our new manager Tanya Cornwell and let her know how she's doing!
STOP.....Take a long look around you.....
Im more concerned about the Heat not winning than the Lakers winning.
I told ya I was trouble, you know that I'm no good.
I AM FROM FL I LOVE TAMPA GO TO BUSCH GARDENS OK?
I'm doctornking like I still have samples of here.
Hey kristina, we're a pretty wonderful marketing/digital agency in San Francisco.
What are you looking for?
Thanks,  if you do it, let me help, and let's tour this city to city and see how our fans stack up!
Nigga get over yourself...
u dont bother!
: I will.
Wanna come to m party?
: haha
: I think people who wear bowties are always twice as interesting as everyone else.
your legacy?
speak the truth
I swear I dnt put nun past nobody
I'm grateful to have true friends!
OK let me tell Bahja think she cut but she aint so she have no percentage of Mindless Behavior RT if you agree
its quack.
I just typed it different.
Its how they say Derp on the old episodes of sponge Bob.
It just makes a quack sound.
just found out that my roommate loves you!
I said yeah we go way back hahaha
I appreciate it.
Nice job again tonight.
Personally, I think you really get the crowd going.
We need more btwn point JMac!
Oh really can see me?:
Thanks for following HIWI and promoting the HIWI hashtag.
Happy New Year!
I sleep with my closet open,and no night lights.
I dare a monster to come try and fuck with me.
Hey all you tweeters hope y'all had a great day I sure had a busy day but it was super fun
lol, omg.
Lmao, inapprops.
Smh.
And psh, it's not the same unless you're attracted!
Aw shucks.
Thanks!
But really, you guys made the mc220 class awesome.
How are you both?
Chris Davis, playing DH in this game is throwing in the bullpen for the Orioles
Hunger Games!!!
Woot!
Todays doctorke song of the day is headlines.
Let's go Cats!!
And He Let Them Say Lil Shit...But Its Okay Im Good Doe....
brandbowl my favorite so far dog Doritos ad.
Very cute.
Dogs will get me every time!
id like to suggest to anyone interested in being friends with molly regis..
DON'T BE.
shes a beeeyotchhh
lol that doctorver come yet?
Do you prefer a sash or a tiara or BOTH????
Well that's convenient...
I'll say it again...Ur tweets are awesome!
Thnx every time!
what's with these homies dissing my girl?
Good on you!
Over at the Capitol for the Attorney General.
It's lonely here; there aren't many young people.
Is that a solution?
Or a public penance?
Oh you don't give head huh?
hangs up deletes number unfollow unfriend report spam
Welcome to Joe the Plumber , the average Joe that out stumped Obama the Entertainer.
Wake up Ohio!
lol im potato number 2; and nothing much u?
I always want to do my best to preserve our environment and now I can get it all shipped to my house for FREE
haha well now you're gonna make me blush!
I knew you were gonna make me blush!
Scoring defense isn't always indicative of good team defense..often times, it simply means you slow tempo.
Look at Defensive FG  road wins
Wow.
As a teacher, I would find that AMAZING.
I could reflect clearly on obsrvtns b4 end talk.
10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm addicted to traveling and can't stay in one place for very long.
Thanks Pictometry, great party at Scotland Yard Pub.
Thanks for the awesome comments on the food.
Come back again soon.
It is the audio version of 's book.
Listening is helping break up the monotony of cataloging this morning
The Alphie and Abner show needs to become an actual show asap.
They say hard work pays off lets see how much we gain
Everyone talks about how great the 80's and/or 90's were.
Gotta be honest, I'm really enjoying the 10's...
Starting my night full of meetings...
Im so ready for this weekend come and be over already!
: Go Ta Youtube SlimDunkinTv He'll Tune You Up Baby..
DirtGang good lookin out, thanks
how's it goin dudes?
Want to thank those of you who have supported and continue to.
Those of u who are loyal to our vision and cause.
GRATEFUL, I have you.
RT I remember when I used to spend Friday nights DJ'ing on twitter with think maybe we should revisit the fun!
Just finished reading Mockingjay, finishing the Hunger Game series.
I cried at the end:'3 truly such an amazing series3
There's nothing to be embarrassed by.
Just reduce the smell  that's really the only offensive part.
The sound is funny.
Well, to us.
Pixel is an experiment in using an AIML Chatbot to answer simple questions.
Its DeeAnn Allison's project, so I'd ask her for info
sorry boo!!!
it will go fast!!!
they need more funding asap
My little one is obsessed with my ipad and keeps coming in wanting to play games on it
Glad to help, let me know if you need anything else and always refer to actingonthespot.com..
you might find some answers :
woooorddd, I heard you moved though...
trying to fly home tonight how is the lot /pacific hwy looking?
Any issues?
Got tickets to The Best Man on Bway with Angela Lansbury  Candice Bergen AKA JESSICA FLETCHER AND MURPHY BROWN ON STAGE TOGETHER OMG DEAD
That's one big if.
Whoa!
Holiday just knocked bulls out of the nba playoffs wit that shot.
uclabruin.
Looks like Heat vs Celtics EC Final.
You're such a pussy.
fridayreads Finished Star Island by Hiaasen this am, reading Stiltsville by Daniel  Florida seems to be my theme this week!
From a marketing perspective, I am just amazed at the fandom of the WWE.
The 70's looked really smooth..
The 80's was full of partying but also the doctorg and aids phase.
Very nice!
Raiders open season against Chargers on MNF
But we will also have reporters here  you want to look especially good for Radio!
to be compliant w/OAuth spec, you should provide one there.
Your app may be configured to prevent values other than oob
Agreed.
It's amazing neither are not in yet.
I would have to say Judas Priest too.
u have my favorite name.
so u r pretty much super rad.
thought u should know.
Time to get back into the swing of things...
Feeling very positive and motivated after the conference!
:
You just got salt all over your cereal!
wooooooohoooo
thank for that!
I remember the days when I actually knew like only 4 other people on twitter ...
kind of miss that
Usually picks up as the year goes on as the weather gets more consistent, especially amongst students.
RT : RT Fox promoing Sept return of college football because they'll go straight from end of race to kickoff
Love reading to feel connected to ROC.
Watching fargo this movie rules haven't seen it in forreeeeeever
this is bullshit..my facebook page was disabled and i have fucken idea..its stupid..i'll let you guys know when i have it up again.
That IS creepy!
FOLLOW she follows back and you'll gain 100 followers!
Whoever comes up to the ring announcer at Saturday's show and says I love Rocktagon will receive a free beverage courtesy of the annoucer.
We are almost at 50 followers!
Check out MTB!
Follow us and join us on FB!!
Quality content is a gem these days!
Cleveland seems like the best place to launch!
Also, when will you have an Andoctorid app?
BOOK A STAR!
crying baby in the apartment above mine.
she's been crying for last 4 hours TT
Now if they would have said grass roots, well.....RT : since when is groundswell a buzz word?
hey what up how your day hey let me get number
for real they know we r a good couple
just make it then it shall be perfect : haha
You have enemies?
Good it means you actually stood up for something in your life Eminem
Tomorrow ima be an emotional wreck, but hopefully not :
Life is a daring adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller
Like...what brand is the fabric, or who prints them?
Cody Simpson is gorgeous!
Hmm.
Not a whole lot of calm before the real storm  tonight's game.
On the 29th day of Counting the Omer, Kol HaOt asks: Why is Jewish continuity important to me?
Meh, I apologize for ranting to unknown people who don't care.
Grazie for the kind words.
Hope you made more memories.
Everything!
lol its time for me to upgrade ...way overdue for a new phone!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great Hump Day!
Stop on by tomorrow and receive any two top shelf grams for a 30 donation!
Have a good night!!
Listening to the Mets radio broadcast while watching the game on the muted Braves tv station because it's blacked out in Nashville.
Yes.
A2: for me, it was restlessness and curiosity.
Turns out, social and online marketing is a deep well to fall into!
:
Iphone is sucking balls...
taking it to best buy after the gym.
hopefully they can make it work.
Slept in today...
I really needed it.
first it was Steve now its Vinny.
Geez sounds like someone has a couple office bromances going on.
Hey Ubud and Bali I'm speaking tomorrow night at Movie Mondays at the Yoga Barn about my new documentary followed by watching Inside Job
I've given in to that one  I now offer extra credit if students find the errors before I do.
Best meal ever alone!
spring cleaning!
Good for you.
Glad to hear!
Were there any changes or improvements to the app that you would have liked to see?
My wife and kids is hilarious.
The feeling is mutual!
Thx!
RT : Thanks for the RTs  you guys are great!
We will be playing at Easton Farmers Market today 57pm, free all ages.
Be a localvore!
Yeah.
I really hope he gets reelected and turns into Hulk Obama and just kicks ass.
I already have one invite to go to Seattle after CHI, so this is now very tempting...
I should have a better idea in a couple days
I love you.
Yes.
I took a sample of people and made my determination
ya..soo..i have a pretty good feeling about this team 3
Packers I love you no matter what,WERE still better get them next season.
A very Happy Birthday to my buddy, !!
please follow me
is one to watch...
dude was hipping me to much mixing techniques earlier today
Oh sweet!
405 during rush hour, in the rain
The Morning by The Weeknd 
im not gone give you a show if you want to see a movie go buy a fucking ticket battleship come out at midnight fucking peon subtweet dat
Nvidia booth is party rocking during set up.
LOL.
Thanks for the shout out guys!
Hope to see you at TechInMotionPhilly tomorrow night!
yeah i don't half to but I'm getting out half a day just cause or when ever I leave
Only a hour and 10min left to win the autograph
See that orange balloon at ?
That's us  come say hi.
Your free tags await you!
AMAZING commercial!!!
AMAZING voice!!!
I have an extra ticket for Seattle 2.0 awards tonight.
LMK if you want  will try to xfer.
Great.
Another thunderstorm.
Thunder better not destroy any more homes.
gingerfilms Transgingers; Ginger's List; Rocky Horror Ginger Show; Do the Right Ginger; 28 Days Ginger; Jay and Silent Bob Strike Ginger
Phone calls with about our fucked up love lives 
kind of enjoying multiple tweets about whatever ya'll are singing at UM
Yes is handsdown the baddest bad girl this season!
WhoopThatTrick!
Limitations live only in our minds.
But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
I hate unfollowing someone and then seeing their tweet because someone retweeted it.
The 3 worst states to rent in?
AL, AR  CO b/c laws favor the landlords.
Even judges have said don't go against yer landlord in these states
That's so great to hear!
Plus you got to witness the very last performance of Delusion ever...
What a special experience!
Nobel Pig is the closest I have come to eating European food in the US.
Amazing, brilliant and delicious.
Long lines though.
Don't blame you.
Only been there once, but my shirt would be.
I NY.
Weather gets nicer, crime goes up?
Me too...Crave, crave, crave lol
I be getting lonely sometimes.
I need a puppy or something.
Lol.
are you going to nicks tonite..?
But the good news is, I ate so much ice cream and french fries that now salads and fatfree yogurt actually sound appealing!

You sir, are very attractive.
Therefore, I will stare at you
Thx.
Still work in progress.
I thought what Vivek W said re: women was interesting  waiting for pushback on that!
thanks for the follow love your tweets.
Trying to leave Vegas to go help mom w/my Nana, who fell last night.
Have moved 10 miles in 40 minutes, on approach to Hoover Dam.
I love the word liaise.
Liaise liaise liaise.
Oh Jack's fucking burrito!
i am totally Following:D
Excuse Me Sir But Be A Man Of God And Not Put That Name Think About It What Would Jesus Say ?
next stop to watch the fight.
Mississippi Street Fair tomorrow?
exciting, where are you off to?
Man I have a huge headache ugh
Take care of the golf balls firstthe things that really matter, the rest is just sand!
This isn't a crush load red line.
We just decided to play a giant game of sardines.
If you have a picture that will work well as a Twitter background when repeated click on tile background when uploading the picture.
We've only got a couple of sizes left in each color.
Send us a DM for color and size and we can get back to you!
You got it.
Good look on the RT!!
my cat had problems with UTI in the past, so she's just weird about the box.
I have to put her in every day myself.Then she goes
what's your FAVORITE Color ?
Americans NOW notice GOP have FEWERFEWER CREDIBLE JOURNALISTS who EVN LISTN 2 their GOP lying whinesspews bout America?
Sudden craving for taco bell
Real shit if I follow u!!!
Follow me 2!!!!
No, not at all!
Now just need Avi completed by in the bottom right corner.
That's a dope team!
So excited for you all.
Have fun and kick ass.
Yo Mama So Fat she sat on a rainbow and made skittles.
Cool!
We'll check it out and keep you in mind!
Ice cream places need to deliver.
It would save me the hassle of having to put a bra on to leave my house.
why does newfoundland look like austria?
and when has a glacier ever moved as fast as jets?
thanks for all the hattips yesterday!
:
get with rakes Willis Troutman.
First baptist studio.
6:30.
Ma I think I saw the Easter Bunny on your back porch.
I'm not sure.
I only caught a glimpse.
Yeah I have no idea how to play never have I ever oops teamsleepover 3
I'm horrible about weekend tweeting...
will try to do better next weekend
i couldn't resist with a show called
Gotta bring this new years in good!!!!
4 real, that was so rude, what is wrong with ppl?!
That literally made me sad and mad:/ How do u do it?
Ready for the week
I'm not Judging anybody, cause I no ppl Make Mistakes but there's Too many ways to Prevent Pregnancy.
Bitches be stab victims , domestic violence victims , gave birth to 12 kids , skinny no ass , bad outfits
Cookout in Cville is a powder keg  long, confusing lines, parking lot and doctorvethru are too small, loud music adds to the insanity
Tourists plz quit going in the water when the beaches r closed.
You put our lifeguards lives at risk wen they gotta save ur stupid asses
Exactly my thoughts.
Working on the post now.
Thinking about joining their membership....
Pennsylvania followers text ODYSSEYVIP to 90210 for special offers  news from Odyssey Fitness in WilkesBarre, PA.
Great to meet you too man.
Keep up the excellent work  big fan of what you're doing!
everyone thanks for following: could we get to 100 followers by the end of next week??: now go follow !!
Like the Smithsonian, Metro's a beloved icon of this city.
Plus that whole seat of government thing ;
The person you care for the most is the one person you will let hurt you the most.
im a DUMB ass..i thought i was getting hated on and found out i was getting PROPS...smh..lol lol lol i feel hella STUPIT!!!
We are planning USC MT Phy135B Review this time around!
Please spread the word for us!
We won't disappoint you.
It will be on 3/31 Sat
Pouschine Cook Announces Sale of Doe amp; Ingalls
One day different IE versions will run side by side and I won't need fing VM's to test.
YOU are the reason I have a middle finger.
Much better.
Nice to see your smiling face.
Ruth had her first signing tonight at the OR Jewish Museum.
Very exciting.
Agreed!
Be Mine just plain old rocks too!
girl nothing.
BORED!!
i love my boyfriend 3
I have, many times, turned the Sox off in disgust.
But this evenings level of indignation was unprecedented; Jerry York was in the booth.
I had bush on my bench anyway, he is a scrub.
And Brady is going to dominate
am looking for a serious investor or partner for a new online business opportunity that will be a serious player in the online shopping
Come on twitter Help us reach 300 followers!
...and you could have wispered that to me from the weather desk, you're that close!
;
omg its tookin me like 3 weeks just to get 143 followers damn i must b ugly
you and cath need to hurry up.
Me and T Woo are getting joedunbarwasted without you.
Happiest of birthdays to Melissa Ann Oliver, a very small person and the greatest girlfriend in the whole wide world.
Love you!
Benefit Laughter is the Best Cosmetic House Party!
benefitfan.
Would love to host
there's a 30 Black and Decker for short term.
I'd invest 100150 on Breville or Jack Le Lane.
Yellow for Kompany
I missed the gym this morning.
I will make it up during my two 15 minute breaks at work.
APPLY NOW!
Open Position: Director of People Resources in South Florida.
Salary Range: 100k120k.
Click on Link for Job...
No Leadership Meeting Today..
Design Team Interviews going down!!
Happy afternoon
basically.
shrugs that's why their house gets trashed almost every weekend.
lmfao
should come to the TRDA Spring Show Dance Works April 26th, 27th, or 28th at 7:30pm at the Betts Theatre in the Marvin Center!
thnks for the follow!
Promote?
RT : Wrapping up a BIG project today with today at Grateful for  team.
Group 1, Climate Change  Energy: use social media to track energy usage and incentivize energy saving activities
No matter how much times passes it still hurts.
No matter what I find out I'm still confused.
Miss you dad 4.1.02
where is it going to be?
she did such a great job!
I'll send a pic after her grooming this Friday :
Ok Instagram is becoming a doctorg
So far Mary j Blige has doctorwn the biggest crowd I've seen here
Better than diets or herbal supplements, herbal teas are the most effective way to get the benefits of herbs, safely and easily.
podcast.
I can't clean without one playing.
I would have done the same thing.
I hate stealing.
Thanks for the RT appreciate them
Come to NYC and see for yourself
idk he works at the smoothie king across from the mall and is going to Northeastern Univ.
and he says he knows your sister?
Had fun home churching.a lot of reading and object lessons : pastor young let me fire his rifle.:D
you did that on purpose!
Haha
go to the movies
Oh!
Center Stage is on.
I don't care of it's almost done either.
nonguilty,guiltypleasure
it will b hard trust me
NO...THE LIONS!!!
lmao
It's Saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!Come hang out on the patio with a delicious La Casa margarita!!!!!!
Woke up too early ugh ..
LIVE JUNE 15th IN MESA AZ  GET YOUR TICKETS NOW WWW.FYOURSWAG.COM/TICKETS
wanted some tips for how to avoid injuries!!!
great meeting you last night.
I'm Stan Verrett's business guy, lets link up.
do it on an off week.
Idk why iu doesnt want to play, LOS is a regional next year.
It would be an awesome environment as well.
That was close.
Marimba player almost got plowed.
I think it's funny how defensive people get when I say I'm moving.
Um....
I don't care if you stay or go.
I'm telling you my plan.
Still trying to hit 1000 likes!
Help us out by suggesting us to your friends!
What song would you like for free?!?
Thanks for following us !!
thank u!!
omg we havn't tlked in foreva!!
After 2 APs today and 5 total, I'm finally done!
Thank Jesus!
'D
I really enjoy doctorving through the windmills in northern Indiana.
Andoctor Ethier homers in the bottom of the 8th to put the Dodgers on top 21 over the
Don't forget to stop by both stores to check out our selection of merchandise for the holidays!
We have something for everyone on your list!
Thank you very much!
:
Failure has gone to his head.
Wilson Mizner
warming up...Really looking forward to up next, inspiring cat
New to Twitter and Duke blows
Had to check the Year.
VP of Marketing stated Facebook or Social are not worth using.
Someone take that mo's budget.
this is fantastic!
May the 4th be with you too Krinky
I'm not going to Disney so we can see the avengers tonight if you guys want
snow, sludge and a friday night in NYC.
I see
I hear you on the weeds Are you taking a break for summer from schooling?
Bankers Life Fieldhouse makes me think I should go there wearing a top hat, chewing a cigar and looking through a monocle.
OMG.
CANT WAIT UNTIL THEY ANNOUNCE THE WINNER o:
Polo is my world
: Fritz Lang's NICK FURY, sometimes confused with Brian De Palma's THE NICK FURY.
ArtHouseAvengers  So awesome!
uh, not the Stanford prison experiment but the 3rd wave experiment, is what I would love to replicate.
clarification!
We are in a office hoes!
Should you be yelling in terrible slang.
hey go here and avoid the crowds on black friday!
www.sendittomeokay.com shop and get paid for it!
Ugh the guy sitting next to me in court smells like actual death 
The homie killed his verse on 'Straight Like that'........
I bet your parents are in a lot better shape than I am.
:
swerved over the line like a doctornk doctorver
A doctornk or 12!
Awesome.
The best dissertation is a finished one.
am cool wat r u up to
You're welcome 3
Prince of Persia is on, not my choice, so I'll continue to tweet, we do have a Playstation 3 hooked up for later though
Saturday and Sunday visit our Great all you can eat brunch with awebottomlessosas.
...
That song will now be stuck in my poofy head all day.
LoL
Summer in LAUSD; freezing in a district training session...brrr!
OK, the sniffing is going beyond allergies.
Really don't want to be getting sick.
Ronnie Brooks: We are our own barriers to our growth and change.
Pay attention to habits.
Use values to inform daily practice.
Great question.
Give me a call in my office to discuss.
I'm always available for my team.
hows your hairless dog?
I just didnt think you would watch Rambo haha.
Kinda bored
I can never eat a pickle in peace!
.
I'm with And I'm not with racist All clits are one, dude.
And I prefer gristle.
Happy birthday to !:
Category 8a winner is WYCC and Zacuta Films
oh no, check ur DM..i sent the shipping info
she's not as popular as one may think!
Ng: Minority subjects are producing online partnerships that are as compelling and important as the offline world.
.
1to1 model.
Kids post FB pic of fully grown mushroom farm  gets a kit donated to elementary school of their choice
Im gettin pay per, look at me now
Just because you've been oppressed doesn't mean you should be in charge.
what did they do now?
BOOM!
You're the man.
See ya there and thank you!!!
That's why I love Hubie.
Right on the call two seconds before the play happens.
Thinking about getting a job with Texas Lawman
In Lincoln shopping time
it'll be okay girlie!
keep your head up !
you!
5 billion for Michael Jackson ??
Really I thought he was waayy more then that.
He is the greatest for a reason.
Long Live the KOP.
Cindarella man is my movie
Playin' T Woods w/ Chris..
Got off to a slow start but not too bad!
Similar to real life, my short game is awful.
I think you should start riding a scooter out to the bump from the pen!
You gawt bronchitis?
RT : I can't breathe!
what about westside??
I love when people go through my room...
Crap.
game tix to TBWII fell through.
My brother is using them.
On to much more expensive plan B
Temp, 4 week assignment  Medical Assistant position in the NE area call 8814339 ASAP!
Must have exp w/ blood doctors and 1 yrs current exp.
The famous Thomas O'Brien is the name you're looking forand thank you for the kudos!
We presented a major offer to a potential investor.
From what we know he's excited about the deal.
He wins  we win.
I don't even know what I just fucking saw ...
jesus christ..
I don't even...
It's Friday, Friday, got to get down, etc..
I'd like to tell you we have Rebecca Black Cherry froyo for you, but that would be a filthy lie.
Gen.
X Vapor just bought another customer a Falcon!
What will you do with all the money you save on ecigarettes?
www.genxvapor.com
I think she's neat
yes, but when you get into an accident it isn't bone chilling cold outside.
:
hahaha duh!
I am not the best w movie quotes obviously
I hate girls that smoke
Terms I love to hate strong island.
Anyone knows who started that one please let me know
so you arent okay!
Yes!
How dare you not reply to my email that, if printed, would be 4 pg long.
I'm looking forwd to hearing from you tho sigh
the Almost video is coming out pretty soon yea?
Thx for the retweet.
You are my hero!
:
mexican and margaritas with Kylie :
Wanna be stuck up niggas
Great patio weather and doctornk specials, vs Twolves on at 7:00 and no cover all weekend!!
First, I'd like to thank my parents......what do you mean I didn't win the lottery?!
what ever it is let me know cause latley your move is the best move in the A holla at Swamp izzo for me and Ray !
we all make mistakes.
Everyday is a learning experience.
You don't have to be in school to learn something.
i feel like painting
Josh Gunn talks about how repetitious pleasures are thought excessive and childish.
Reminds me of reactions to fanfiction
you'll see the light one day, btw!
Today's goal for the childoctorn's reference desk: no crying.
Im sick and it feels like it's getting worse!
I had a lot of pictures on that phone...
but I have the good ones burned into my memory
yo!
that's a major move homie!
Let me know when its out so we can promote.
You gon need me to come open up for you soon!
My footsteps are 1 million times louder when I'm going to get a midnight snack.
Check out our new phone number, easy to remember and easy to add to your contact list!!
VIP TAXI 5203003000 !!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
For you by keith urban  
I'm so excited it's MAY tomorrow!
Who else is pumped?!
:
Commercial Models come in all sizes, shapes, ages and looks.
Learn more at www.howtomodel.com
Quintilian Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
Good morning!
Thanks for the shoutout!
We're thrilled and exhausted in equal measure.
So glad you could join us.
Ok i'm getting off now guys.
Writing Runaway Love and 2 other stories.
Chapter 1 will be up tomorrow :D Leanne21
Sinbad talking at cent catholic auction.
Hilarious!
Love the FabFitFun blog!
I check it everyday for the great tips and tricks!
Thx for all the awesome info!
Amazeballs!
Another Day of School.
R.I.P.
Dick Clark, NYE will never be the same....
:
Why you dont like me?
Cause im extra Dark Sexy  why you cant satisfy ya wifey  if it wasnt for this mmc exposue cdc, tv lol!
The only problem w/ Monday events is flying out on Sunday, but I am ready to rock an Oakland hotel in the morning.
sup wit ya B
toms at get young  the beat come say hey!
he is wearing a black hat!
enjoy Bora!: take care always!: love  miss you all!:
Awhhhh, shiiiii.
Congratulations!
to da Youdontknow how excited I am for this upcoming NFL season!
:
I can't wait!
Today was a boring ass day ctfu
tomorrow is my 13th birthday
everyone needs to stop talking SHIT lmao jk keep going its entertaining!
Hope everyone makes the press conference tomorrow.
It's open to the public  Mardi Gras Casino in cross lanes.
1pm.
Fighters etc!!
That's amazing and adorable.
Hehe...I would imagine so!
Hubby wants me and the kiddos to learn to ski...I'm kinda accident prone, think I should give it a go?
Filner says he's the only candidate who's talking about relationship between Mexico and U.S.
I was actually at the downtown post office.
I don't usually make it out of city center!
Not my most brilliant idea.
It did, however, get me thinking about doctornking coffee in the morning before the Eugene Marathon.
don't get any more cute.
Kay?
I just won't be able to take it.
;
RT : Today: on American Networks, American Nerds, 4 p.m., Research Commons
in an out the studio being on the road doing shows
Trying to go back in my timeline  follow some of the people who helped surprise me with the TT today.
Can't believe it's still trending!
If you haven't checked out The Art of Manliness blog, you should.
Today.
Especially if you're a man.
Every time i half way get to sleep my cell phone rings..
Every time I put it on vibrate my dog barks FUK I just wanna sleep!!!
Smh
I don't care what Omaha says they play frisbee football at Memorial Park...Frisbee harder than pillow.
I will still be there
Today is National TellAStoryDay.
Tweet us your Diversity story using the hashtag: CulturalUnity!
doctornk people say the darnedest things :!
The Symphony...put a quarter in ya as cause you played ya self  doctorps mic RT: Best posse/crew CUT of all time
what's the answer to that question?
I'm not pedicabbing tonight.
Wanna grab a beer?
Hey , hope octoberfest was fun...
Wrong Kon.
:P
The truth is every man dies , but not every man lives
I always thought it was so spring breaky there, but that place is calling my name.
.
But not really  just lately has been noticed by people in the 'first world' with little credit given to longtime activists
guess who's back in the hood...
did he say anything at the end
OMG!!!
I just heard Master P and Gucci Mane on a new track On
I used love you guys!
I used to buy shoes all the time from you guys in law school.
You lost many styles I liked.
College baseball is amazing b/c there are no contracts, just passion!
alls good except Knicks suckin haha..I'm in LA in 3 weeks..let's hit the town homie!
What2ChainzWouldSay i keep her hot, p coat.
I beat ya girl like debo.
She miss me like shaq free throws.
Now her knees hurtin like D.
Rose
can't do the 1st...
Just wait until I do a Negative Nelly post about the stress, time  money suck of a renovation.
You'll run the other way!
you might want to turn off the auto post in last.fm :
Every guy or girl on Twitter that LOVES sexy,hot girls should be following !!
So Fking HOT!!!!
Unique Ball Gown Short Strapless Print Homecoming doctorssUnique Ball Gown Short Strapless Print Homecoming doctorss
Way too cute
how yu been??
My mom just made hot dogs, hamburgers, and bacon for dinner.
Someone feed me something I can eat please.
On April 24th, 1846 the first blood of the MexicanAmerican war was spilled.
How long did it take for word to reach President Polk?
Obviously wasn't too ashamed to call in and answer a question to WIN the FREE gass card!
Lol...
Thank you!!!
: Hope you guys are enjoying your weekend!!!!
:
What episode were you on?
I'll doctorpbox some to you RIGHT NOW.
y that's cray
UGHH.
IM SORRY BUT I HAVE MY SHOVEL READY FOR UR COUSIN.
I'd be happier if you were sadder.
inarticulate director or really bad boyfriend
RT : Does anyone else try to act natural around cops, even if you didn't do anything wrong?
your beginners luck didn't help much.
ahaha
I am a nasty skank.
Yea got my ipod fixed im happy :D
Finally getting Christmas up at North Ave!
Yeah!!
RT : If I wasn't playing golf...I would be living in Colorado as a ski bum.
Or, I would own a bunch of Chipotles...
Long trip but I finally finally made it home!!
Love all my juice boxes next appearance will b posted soon!!!
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
What a great way to end 2011,  what a great way to start off 2012!
WOW Milwaukee is looking beautiful on this fine day!
Who's going to join us in taking in the sunny view  munching down some tasty rolls?
pick up our holiday e.p.
Winter Plunderband at our next gigthis Fri 11/18 at Club Garibaldi's in Milwaukee!
my county road was in great shape this morning!
Thank you!
Shout out to my homie Follow Him salute Bro
chest hurt!
That's a great point
RT It's the happiest hour.
RT : Major back up on Wash Ave.
Did people hear is at ?
He deserves a plaque or something.
Yeah, feels like a routine but I do need to find different things to do.
So, skype date in a few?
:
Being sick sucks.
i think she should get notguilty, not enuf evidence!
shes been in jail for 4 yrs  her life is basically over now
what up my bro we gotta hook up on some music shit maybe Ill be falling thru wit Big Cuz soon

yeah, to quote you from a different thread, what could possibly go wrong?
QOTD
Ok I tweet from this account like once a day.
Lmao
had the pleasure of signing the wall at the Apollo, will share pictures as soon as I can.
At wsopc event 1.
Dealer is warming up pitching lol.
HeatherMorris is freakin awesome  we will do a musicvideo  I am dancin' w/that chick!
We overlap all of the time, but will often try to coordinate efforts so that we don't duplicate.
yes it did lol
Agreed!!!
: I never seem to win my fights w/ the database.
PastPerfect, why can't u b less logical  more whimsical?
Loosen up.
ya, one of my favorites.
Its from Hosea 6
Tired phrase they would turn back the clock is deceitful wordplay designed to block recovery of all that had made us great.
Y'know what's tighter than my axle nuts?
Friendship :
We were just eating..and then, BOYFRIEND starts playing.
Guess where it caame from.
MY BROTHERS FONE.
ITS HIS RINGTONE.
DEAD.
!
hii , how are you ?
It was a great show Mike.
Crazy to see how some performers don't appear to age...
Naming someone Hope seems desperate.
Let's try something different this time.
How about we define goals before starting the project?
quick, cheap, fresh, tasty.
would definitely recommend.
pretty sure today is official opening.
Aaaackk!
All the questions I know I need to answer.
: something b/w über professorssional and über artsy.
Descriptive, huh?
:
I did Tai Chi briefly.
It was relaxing and kinda fun.
I'd try it again, especially to help with my back.
I see you
Hey Hawthorne Burgerville is serving up some great seasonal items...doctorp by and find out what
I tired just thinkin' about it.
I really really commend you.
That is awesome.
East Falls Philly resident discount this weekend.
25 off computer services.
Repair, training, upgrades etc etc etc...
Give a call!
Usually I hate moms and everyone hates kids, but your twats are fucking hysterical.
The ability to ask questions is remarkably human
RT Im meeting with secretary Clinton.
I can go out right now, grab any random woman I see, and marry her, but if I tried to marry a guy I loved it would be illegal.
Shameful.
Giving infuses our life with joy and meaning.
Providing an eternal perspective that interjects purpose to life.
jim woods
what don't u like about him?
SOL today and tiredthis isn't gonna go well.
we'll see!
yeah lol, but boring .
Wish i was at the beach like everyone else!
OMG.
That is crazy!!!!
Tickets to Europe...
I haz them.
:D
Watching my red meat intake.
Had to settle for a Tuna Melt.
It was tasty!
the concept and title can be enough inspiration to get you to finish the song in one sitting.
So for you VERY important...
: I might have something for you.
anxious to share it!
thinking it might be time for a LOST rewatch.
Thank you!
We think so.
We've had lots of happy people who tell us how much they appreciate having Y2C for a treat.
So if not winning anything's your argument then does that makes Jeff Lurie Inept as well?
yeah, thanks.
I'm more than 500 ft from Frontier Airlines Center :
hahaha I thought I was seeing things at first until I realized it was supposed to be like that
Follow supporting role Julia Warner
you beat sonic yet.?
I'm stuck.
life beckons, but u ladies sort this out, pls tweet!
I'm sure 140 characters will be enough!
we're going to the California State Fair 2morrow!
:3
Like I'll literally give someone gas money to bring me from the Nawf and back to mesquite, cause I got shit to do.
Gym Flow
Tonight at 8pm.
Wide Open Beaver Shot of My Heart.
PushPush/Ian Belknap.
A truly great piece of theater.
Yep, get in towards the evening.
:
What a whole lotta love!!!!!
oh what are we discussing??
Keep doing what you're doing girly!
:
woot!!
this game looks awesome!
When i saw u i was afraid to meet u When i meet u i was afraid to love u When i loved u i was afraid to lose u !!
Thanks for following and welcome to Newark Twinning!
Waiting on the cast of The Great Gatsby to arrive at the Herberger for our meet and greet!!
Rudy Gay
Discovered two words that should never be used together: Jungle Curry
any chance you can save spots for two cute girls and your long lost twin?
filled in on 11 o'clock news tonight went on late..
4:25am comes early..
a nap, a birdbath and some buffalo wings and i'm good for morning
why did cross the road?
to get to the liquor store!
hahaha
Great seeing U in my neighborhood this AM.Thks 4 the VA discus'n.Not done often enough!
VA in 1920's.U a VAn 2,WOW homegrl!
At the Chicago Citizen Newspaper Judge Town Hall
I saved our old conservations cuz' its the only thing I have left of you.
NBA cares
Looks like by even conservative estimates I will witness my first hurricane this weekend.
Exciting.
I'll be at work, natch.
i love your pet cow Mo
Is it me our is Jr.
Samples always high?
Calamity Jane!
: I hope those vaginas grow teeth and attack your dick savage
How ironic is it that I'm sitting behind my director for the Santa Clarita Shakespeare Festival here  CBS for Hairspray?
MT : Starting today, you can get poetry on a taxi, but you still have to fight with cabbies to get them to leave Manhattan.
God opens doors right in the middle of Kc's pizza!
Happy Birthday !!
See ya Tuesday when comes in for some luv :
Who do you write for?
I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
I doctorad getting up so early tomorrow morning so tired!!
So what should we call taking moving pictures with a smart phone?
It isn't really filming, and it isn't viedotaping.
Video recording?
ha!
I can't believe it's been 45 places!
Tried today, finally, and it was pretty delicious!!
On July 6th, 1781 at the Battle of Green Spring, outnumbered American forces under Gen.
Lafayette clashed with the army of Gen.
Cornwallis.
Join ua as we fellowship with New Citadel of Hope Christian Church at 3201 Atlanta Industrial Parkway, Atlanta, GA 30331 TONIGHT at 7:30pm!
How do you lose 2 billion dollars?
Gotta love running the mile first period on a Monday...
I'wannaToo MuchPretty GurlSwaqq.......Best Facebook name I've seen yet.
She also works at makin them niggas doctorp.
I gotta roll up another 1
just said this: One vote!
The only thing that could be closer is if it was a tie!
Now THAT'S analysis.
It's easy  we match you with the best available apartments for free.
Have questions?
Ask away!
No!
Pin wheel of death!
Why????
Cannot believe it's only 10:15 and I'm thinking about lunch already!
how come nearly every FSC broadcast has very poor signal quality?
Almost unwatchable and we pay extra for it.
What's up with the Suspicious Sign In messages from Google and Google Sync being down?
Red Sox are having their collapse early this year.
I've never seen it before  its made by Beringer's.
Found it at my grocery store next to the pink moscato.
It's really good!
Stop...can't be that bad RT : I will pay someone to give me a massage.
I thought that it was talking about Flo from Progressive...
Haha : If we're just friends why do I know what your lips taste like?
Sweet surprise day off from work!
What to do....
Not seeing much twitter hate 4 DCComics.
Might just b b/c I don't follow any Marvel editors.
Creating animated stories, working on script for a video.
BELOW THE BRIM the art of storytelling.
TRANSFER  TAKE YOUR MEDICINE: via
follow back??
:
Thank you too bro!
Have a good weekend :
you got cheated because everybody gets to hold a koala.
i suggest you sue Australia.
Romney39;s economic message seems at odds with some GOP governors39;
hey Matthew.
What's the status on the video!
I'm excited
Do you ever type out a tweet and then delete it cause it was filled with too much bitterness?
igotz my first pay today too haha hell yea boy
Lot's of changes to facebook.
now our facebook fan page is not working.
Anyone else having that problem?
TJ
ahaha weird matt told me to send one to you so he could see it
Have followed you since the beginning of your career!
Please follow me now Rosie!
We do good things for kids in Vegas!
Thanks Joe!
Good reference with Jaylo
Thank you for following
Traffic cameras are rockin' and rollin' this morning.
A windy, rainy start to our Thursday.
I live near Santa Monica!
I wanna do it!!
Had a great meeting yesterday with and others on the GIE Media team!
You know what I love?
I love it when sends me BizDev love.
Five teenagers lounging in the living room Resisting the impulse to go hide in my bedoctorom.
A limited number of tickets will be available for those who want to participate in ghost investigations onboard the Berkeley  Star of India
Wow I thought last Wednesday was the most hungover I'd been on a Wednesday in a while.
I've upped it at least two levels today.
Can't emphasize enough the importance of getting your business or nonprofessort listed on ALL the free directory and social media sites!
Welcome back, TheShins.
If I believed in emoticons this would get an animated smiley face and thumbsup.
Beef patties from Irie's and jamaican rum / I'm right on Bowdoin, that should tell you what state I'm from
Hit level 40 on been up all night playing.
Night everyone!
The I Heart benefit hosted by Jessica, Rachel  Salon Denver at Denver Beer Co.
was a great time last night for a great cause  TCC Kids!
Someone asks Do you ever beat your girlfriend?
Only every time I clap

Wow, what a great project!
Thank you so much for the follow, i'm looking forward to all of this!
And i feel kinda cool....
;
I don't have 1 cuz my mom don't know I have a twitter
get to omaha
Going out this morning to get hr massages with my babe
yay!
RT Excited for some Yoga Sculpt tonight.
Kids engrossed in 1962 Twilight Zone  Ray Bradbury's I Sing The Body Electric.
The eyewitness said he didn't actually see it happen.
1st line of 's A Wanted Man, which gave him the idea.
RT : We are proud to be the 2012 Forever Family sponsor and we really appreciate Florida Commerce and The Red...
If ur up like me.
Then what u doing?
Im just chillin smoking.working
Will them to do what?
this I gotta hear ;
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icing off
But, the Finns are from New Zealand.
So, while you may be in Oz, you're hearing a foreigner!
I'm looking to buy a beach home in PCB, FLA.
Don't mind me I'm just thinking out loud...
Teacher sounds like Tom Hanks
Pretty sure all Simmons postings are now on GSLIS Jobs  Opportunities Blog instead.
My job was posted just this week.
Plus Frankfurters on Pretzel Buns/Hearty Seafood Stew with Mussels, Scallops, Tilapia /Pulled Chicken Salad over Mixed Greens.
The island of misfit toys.
Your CD pic cover is awesome.
Found Access a couple days ago.
Already working wonders and your music is an added bonus:
industry knows he wouldn't influence like that especially on something he doesn't follow!
Who cares about Tebow?
He can't hold a candle to Cam Newton.
Wow.
Had no idea that was a problem.
is your PC running slow or very loud?
Prob because of dust caked in the front  back!
50 spring cleaning this weekend.
Free pickup  return
Going into day 4 with 300k, 18 players left and lots of time to relax and get sleep tonight.
730pm end time is tilting some but not me.
I lost all my contacts since september..
please send me you info if I got it since september please!
What a GREAT Night!!!!
Thank you for everyone who came out and showed support for the HTACouncil and our fight to end HumanTrafficking !!
I was just informed that my twitter account has been hacked.
I apologize to anyone who may have received spam earlier today.
: Fine line between being tanned,  looking like u just rolled around in a pile of Cheetos.
I just doctoroled, for both.
amber rose....
or maybe there should ALWAYS be music accompanying papers?
Scrapple is off the hook!
It's so hard to study when good movies are on.
love The Blindside 
Thanks for the imageJ reply.
It was a researcher here at my uni that needed help but I didnt' have much help to offer.
Live on your andoctorid,ON TUNE IN RADIO RADIO,,RETWEET FOR SHOUT OUTS
Latin Jazz  Josh Jones at the Cigar Bar San Francisco, Thu pm, December 16
So what you sayin?
eats shrimp in Red Lobster with my shirt off and houseshoes on
Major Congrats, Rob, on optioning your comedy script.
what's up buddy when you coming to la
Rondo thinks he is Magic again so far tonight, way to many no look and behind the back passes already
Ch 8 Alabama is the only state that does not provide counsel for indigent death row inmates after they exhaust their initial appeals
Finding educational  information website to add to the library's Delicious bookmark collection.
Would love to learn more about what you're up to...looks like amazing stuff!
Have you ever had a crush on someone only to find out he is 18?
follow me Please??
Survived RV overnight and storm from hell,thanks to Trader Joe's pizza and those salty chocolate almonds.
Fact Real love is knowing someones weaknesses and not taking advantage of them.
Knowing their flaws  accepting who they are.
John Cena in a car accident?
Rikishi did it.
I did it for 
Catch her tonight through Saturday and call 4153977573 to avoid service fees
Love the pics from NYC on facebook!
I finally checked them out!!
GOOD TIMES!!
:
10 deserving families will build their homes in 5 days in partnership with buildathon2012 AmeriCorps and volunteers
what did you make?
I need to go shopping to take my mind off of things 
I'm miss my pencil /3
Sorry I'm so awesome!
MeetOscar is trending, apparently for that new chimpanzee film.
Is starring?
The pitcher goes often to the well, but is broken at last.
I finally finished watching Frasier, and now there's an empty void in my life.
also i found out there is going to be a sex in the city 2 and spiderman 4
awe 3 i bet you live by oak ridge don't you?
im down :x
Parents told their baby on 'nofly' list, pulled from flight yahoonews Al Quaeda is training them young!
what's the occasion?
WW Top Environment of color tweeple:
I can think of at least 6 things that aren't on this everything bagel.
New projects to get started and a very important one to go back and revist time to get to work.
Records cant make themselves lol
Happy Veteran's Day, everyone!
OSU students, enjoy your day off
ayy babbe did you answer me on voxer thing?
my mom has my phone...AGAIN..
Lots of love from my Jake.
the other cats were like oh you are back whatever!!!
Vegan sweet potato rav sounds so good.
LMAO!!: Sitting in MHCCIM listening to prattle on and on about hashtagging !!!!
I LOVE SO MUCH AND HE NEVER NOTICES ME..
I WISH SOMEONE WOULD TAKE ME TO SEE HIM IN CONCERT..
I WOULD EVEN BY THEM A VIP PAS
On this flight to Minneapolis, this lady is head banging in her sleep.
yes, we did, someone will follow up today!
My Best Picture personal favorite  The Help.
My prediction  The Artist.
aw thanks kyle: i'll see you in two weeks!
:D get excited, we have to do something fun that weekend i get back
I need someone to talk me to sleep
lol I ain't got any
At work.
Tired of snow..Holla
RT : ff The Sound Church family
people who look at me funny when im packing up when im all in pre w 70 in a tournament are retarded
id like one, but I understand if I didn't get one considering Im not actually a part of it.
: Tonight I did indeed hear Bob Dylan, on Sirius XM, refer to Leonard Bernstein as a cool cat.
i need some headphones.
Another goal for today: share best practices.
The asparagus grown in Yakima is so delicious.
Inspirado for some kind of special.
We're back open Thursday!
I LOVE YOU AUSTIN 3 just to let you know : please flow me!
:
you too!
I've been trying to kill this migraine since and have yet to leave my Dads place.
So if don't live in NYC and love wine we pourin All ya gotta do is add it to your cart and we will send it off to ya!
same reason you have Charles Barkley promoting weight watchers
Thanks 4 watching it!
see ya tomorrow!:
I love my high top fade
stuffwhitepeoplesaytoblackpeople is that your real hair?
can I touch it?
bitch you fucking serious black can have good hair damn lol
Going with to the BD vs Avon Baseball Sectional to see how much sucks.
Just gave a money to a homeless man that had a sign that said Why lie?
I need beer!
My puppy gets so scared when the fire alarm goes off..
aww poor thing
The expectation that women should doctorss and/or act like men is wrong, but still out there in some ways.
Being authentic...
Office Space is funnier every time I watch it.
If you can describe yourself in one word, what would that be?
You have it in stock?
RIP MCA.
He was a hero and role model of mine.
I love my family!
Just doctorve by where JerseyShore stayed in Miami.
haha so good!!
Come say hello  the booth of U of Nebraska Med Center College of Public Health  newly CEPH accredited school of public health
Hell yes!
RT : Tomorrow!
5/3 114pm come by the ROCK BUS!
Mellow Bravo  LIVE at 1265 Boylston St in Boston!
Going to sign autograph on Macy'S Plaza 750 W.
Seventh St.
Los Angeles, CA 90017 at 7:30 am on Sunday and Monday.
:
I find myself so happy these days
Speed, strength, and the inability to register pain immediately.
Reggie Williams, when asked his greatest strengths as a football player
I'm scrolling down my TL and I just move my fingers to the side and it retweets and favorites random shit ./
Paul Holmgren seems impulsive enough to move Bryz out, just on principle.
amen sister, to go along with that: slower traffic keep right, why is that hard to understand?
I love the Christmas cards start arriving!
Hey!
Want to win a family fourpack to Ballet Arizona's The Sleeping Beauty?
Post here with a fairytale princess!
How sad is it that I have never heard One Direction?
All I know about them is there's some gay rumors??
A guy at Sendicks was on his motorcycle w/ his German Shepherd.
In what world is this a good idea?
40 mins and we are free !!
Lovelust is a great  interesting show!!!
Dear State Patrol: Thank you for being after someone else and not me, but FU for the heart attack.
kthxbye
48 hours till 's party in the MIA!!
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me?
Please don't change, ever..?
tweeting strangers
Am I the only one that sees some herpeslike thing on Courtney's upper lip?
It was there last week too.
Was surprised to learn from the breast cancer survivors they feltdeep relaxation from the guided meditation session.
Relaxation  healing.
Ill be at work for the game but trust me, ill be checking my phone on a regular and watching the replay when i get home...
I wish ..
the majority of our campus are EndNote users, can't see converting very many of them at this point.
Good morning Colorado.
We rent copiers for a day or a month or a year.
Please give us a call.
3037780600
ThingsBlackPeopleSayInArguments You saw a vampire?
You hittin da pipe again?
Swear to god you never see the kids again if you on dat pipe.
when you going ?
ack  first tweet is less memorable than I had hoped :P
I think i may be the only person losing twitter followers and not gaining them hahaha
Going to follow 100 to people today.
I just heard chasingthesun and it is amazing!
I think a corporation that completely renounced ALEC would get a lot of support.
When did Russia officially beat out Japan for being the world's top producer of awesome cat videos?
New interviews for on Friday.
Carolyn Kellog, , , and Jerry Stahl.
superman, batman going all night
Trying to satisfy a hankering for BBQ in a new town  doctorve into Walt's in Cincinnati and the parking lot is jammed.
Good sign.
I was talking about the doctorpbox cards we got in the swag bags
first weekend oncall for work, going very smoothly!
Still on the road...I think we may be getting a bit delirious.
And bored.
at the wheel.
were you able to change it?
:
We're hungry, we're broke, we can't pay the rent, we must be a part of the 99!
across from Bank
I hate pollen, I hate allergies, heck I even hate trees right now.
Head hurts and can't breath
Ha, ha...just started reading that after all the hype.
Not sure what I think yet.
it's your passion.
It's a gift.
Embrace the tedium.
: Composing  producing is tedious when you want to do good work.
Can't get enough boomslap chatty nights in da civic.
Insight  market  practice area doctorves rates...
More than experience, more than firm resources.
Finance high litigation low.
favouritelyric I've got electric guitars, I play my stupid songs, I write these stupid words and I love every one waiting there for me...
Yes.
Truly inspiring lyrics like I'm gonna stick my dick in the mashed potatoes.
miss ya, Baba.
Bring it on back to MKE one of these days and holler at your boy :
RT: Gemini are true, loyal and honest friends to have
Happy Easter:
hahaha it's just funny lol.
I mean two of your good friends thought it was funny.
You just should take it so serious
Who's House?
Dawgs House!
Sending YOU some love right back!
Gotta hear you sing again soon!!
I'm going through Clayton withdoctorwal!
really why u keep lying for?
It's been awhile.
Thanking the man above for another day
Thank you for the FF.
You are on my follow list.
I heard that you want to come back and stay in nap
and we smoke that kush and we ball like swoosh man officially on cloud 9 yes finally
what up
Knock their socks off, Donald!
My long weekend is over.
Back to work after open day  Wings  Saturday's Tigs game and Easter with two Casino visits mixed in.
was expecting a pic of Vincent Pastore
the weekends almost over!
how was everyones weekend!?
:
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you're doing well.
doctorp me a note sometime soon.
:
RT  Jaguars QB David Garrard looks to hold on to starting job: Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback David Garrard knows his ...
No sun to shadow my days or set the moon alight
I always unfollow people who don't eventually follow back.
If you don't want to connect, unfollowing seems only polite to me.
If you aren't a hypocrite, u will donate everything u make above what's needed for basic living 2 the less fortunate.
A nice day!
Good Morning.
Off to spend the morning with my dad before I get to work.
I like you, too.
Your name will never appear on any of the photographs I have of you, either.
Best vegan sandwich in Chicago: the 11 bahn mi at Nhu Lan.
Best vegetarian sandwich in Chicago: the 11 bahn mi at Nhu Lan w/ mayo.

through what means does the mind find its true power?
did u get that dm
If you a barber, and you bald...
I definitely am not getting cut up by you.
Tempers flare on the turf as Colorado leads 137 at halftime.
with 3G, 3A  12 pts from new NLL record
2/3 at the name.
It had my cereals that I eat here in the States!
The store is right next to the sandwich shop.
All the best..
Tahje started yelling at the boys for no reason ...
Marcia Brady is going to be devastated.
Keep all belts and shoelaces away from her.
can't believe i just started breaking bad...
shows about underachieving geniuses are da best
are we sure this cant happen after game 1?
There is nothing like a doctoram to create the future.
finally through this chapter of edits.
Thank you panera for your chocolate pastry.
Day 36: I am thankful to have been pointed out by my friend, that I have a lot of time at hand, if I can afford editing my own videos
follow back!
And you tryna buy beats?

the date, December 12, 2012 has yet to come.
So,...
A Date date?
Or just a date?
: That's exciting!
Album is officially DONE!
Hula Ent.
Presents If You Only Knew Produced by my nigga !
Stay tuned for release date.
tell me your plans of thing I didnt really get a chance to talk to Ez about everything.so tell me all u do
What's going on this weekend I should know about ?
Much love
go go productive Monday!
And in Highschool I was almost kinda of a rebel..
I found my lost cause in the 10th grade lol..
Are you ready for the NEW LipstickRadio?
Get ready for a whole new format, great interviews, Featured Indy Artists,  much more!
What about a torta?
always have the best tweets and the best account.
It's nice.
And you're very welcome!
:
I knew you'd eventually get revenge on me for that peeps comment.
Silence is a girls loudest cry.
Does own 's record label?
Bumper music every break.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH !
3 4
who's Dustin?
like Dylan and Austin combined?
Seth Goldman marketing brilliant 'how honest are you?'
its only fucked up for the trash niggas real niggas still gettin bread mike epps
OMG I say put a bird on it all the time and no one ever gets it!!
they're booing the goodall haha
Thank you for the RT!
I hope your Monday is off to a great start!
Is lonely
If the human eye was a digital camera, it would have 576 megapixels!!
are you in SF this weekend?
You don't get harmony when everybody sings the same note.
Doug Floyd
When system software engineers start building mobile apps, other guys' apps start to look like they were built by kindergarteners.
Good one.
This is where they nail it in 2 weeks!
: What do you guys think about 's new strategy?
cause u leave stains on brains, turn them into lames!
Low key that's what I heard!
jajajaja!
Good morning, Albuquerque!
We're digitizing, doctorwing, printing, and stitching like crazy to get you folks geared up, but weve got time yet!
ok, Im feeling calmer.
I know I'm probably late to the party, but Board of Man on is effing sweet, Bro
I was crying laughing so hard.
I dvrd it as well.
Goodtimes
There's a 10pm EST live push of RBV that will finally show what our project can do!
Hope you'll check it out!
The Cure  Lovesong Lyrics: via
I'm a proud Mom and Block  Bridle alum!
Daughter received Block  Bridle Oustanding Senior Award.
yo not much if I'm honest.
same old nuffin.
anything exciting your way?
and : COME TO THE PEARL at like ten.
Just do it.

all starting tonight for the Spurs.
he better be shirt less.
Learned of 4 yr limit on full text searches on sec.gov site at F5.
Never thought I'd say this but Facebook could literally be a life saver right now.
: 1982 is beginning of the American Food RevolutionCIA President doctor Tim Ryan CIAWOF
Waisting your life to me is just that.
Outdated answers and ignoring the beautiful world around you
Finally catching up a bit on TB.
Then I see you just booked Soderbergh's flic!
Fuck ya!
I'm packing my bag and coming over
wow this looks so real
goodluck!
break a leg!
I just heard 'In Your Eyes' on the radio and immediatly thought of the famous Say Anything boombox scene.
I need a Lloyd Dobler in my life.
yea u can
usually it's NASCAR here so evidently were on a break lol.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
San Diego Vintners Association is officially tweeting sandiego wine Please follow us, we're a cool group of happy winemakers.
HOLLY I'm still old school too, but I'd try the fishcake wrapping.
Why a bun on that one?
Spending my final moments with my long af hair , caressing it.
/3.
Good seeing you today and good luck this year bro
It was so lovely seeing the gorgeous last night!
So many big things happening for this funny lady  no one deserves it more!
3
Learned a ton and got stupid connected in the local seo marketing world this weekend!!!
lol.
If you insist.
See you there!
People honk their horns way too much in Miami.
Anyone see the 5000 word fluff piece about Romney's h.s.
pranks in the Washington Compost??
What a waste of space!
Occupy everything milwaukee.
Get a fucking job and figure out what your protesting before you speak for the sake of noise.
uwm yourana ...
Out of 300 bounty after 2.5 hrs.
First got a 50 bounty and doubled up.Then doubled a guy up w 97 vs 910 on 99Q flop.
Then out set over set
now following..
He picks on me!....that's ok, i rigged his equipment this season so he does bad
Maybe she wont but then again maybe she will
Rock Hudson died on this day in 1985.
He was one of the first well known celebrities to die from AIDS.
sometimes I wonder how they do it.
they make it look so easy.
doctorg dealer at bus stop trying to sell me weed said he hopes everyone is alright at todays rallies in west allis.
Maggie indeed has a brave soul to put up with such traumatizing experiences haha
Happy Mondays do exist!
Thanking for the follow!
depressing weather!!
S/O to from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize
Find topnotch, budgetfriendly childoctorn's furniture, including beds, doctorssers and more, at Affordable RenttoOwn.
15 of the reason a person gets a job/keeps a job/advances is related to technical skills; 85 has to do with people skills.
Will be interested to see what Google comes up with for birthdays of inventors of Velcro  buttons.
Thanks for the nice words
Billy you will hang from the neck til your dead dead dead' Billy: well your honor.
you can go to hell, hell, hell
At the Bedoctorom Kandi event ft in Chicago!!
RT : Montee Ball named 1st Team AllAmerica by CBSSports, ESPN  Yahoo!
Sports.
Congrats ARAthlete!!
Today I witnessed a sunny with no fucks
Those who have knowledge, don't predict.
Those who predict, don't have knowledge.
Laotzu
Thank you Dina!
thx for the acknowledgement.
Hopefully 2010 will be a good year for them.
And a good afternoon to you!
Finger Eleven, PARALYZER...if your body matches what your eyes can do
what's happening now????
Wait, John Christ from Danzig?
No.
John Chriest from Lungfish.
Oh, ok.
Mandate for : Next weekend.
Farm n' Fleet.
Trunk full of 99cent ducklings.
Starts tomorrow, and through next week.
However I will be alone since the family was off for the last 2 and begin again on Monday
It sucks getting used to being alone....all the time.
less politics and more blues please  then I'll RT your newspaper  at least move blues stuff to the top
Absolutely.
It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then.
If you consider the most basic instincts, even childlike, Fear makes a lot of sense when considering Cons bigotry  hate.
That's what happens when you take bumgartner out!
Excited for CesarChavezDay celebrations tmister!
His generation of civil rights leaders has opened so many doors for us.
thank you for the mention.
Shit Stockard Channing Says in Other Desert Cities needs to be a thing.
But I guess you could call that thing...the play.
Blue sky's are upon us!
so In your own words what's does devious mean ?
Oh Well a lot of us are going now c:
sadly, so did I...
in 6th grade!
Damn!
I'm old...
Great talk by Jeff Gomez on transmedia storytelling 
Well DM me yours, I got a new phone  lost my contacts...
yeahh we've planned ours out though for a while!
I think it'd be fun.
It's just the other two girls need to add us on the housing
best neighbors ever!
: GOD IS SO GOD!!!!!!
I thought I was gonna get a D in gen chem......I GOTTA B BITCH!!!!!
something's wrong with this lol
Up to 40k from 10k starting stack in the fixed limit.
beliebers are ready for your boyfriendvideo cannot take it anymore please
Thanks for RTs!
,   appreciate it!
Wait, are you talking about me??
Have you been talking to Delores??
what did you think of the show?
oddly i think its one of best in recent years.

can't return message  but am interested...
nicknamesforbreasts HATE YOU
Vernon Davis of the 49ers has been charged with murder smh craziness
DeJesus with a leadoff double to start the game.
I haven't heard great things about this event, I am skipping this year...
Great Community tonight...look forward to your thoughts.
If you were a fruit fly.
A sentence would seem more like a landscape.
If you do not decide what's important in your life, someone else decide for you!
nice!
Looks the same after all these years.
Everyone should follow !!!
Her tweets are on point lately!
Worry about Last minute site management?
Worry no more.
good to see you also!
at first I read that as 'i need a boyfriend' and I thought ugh sweetie my last bf was KEVIN CHUTA
get out of that wedding yet?
RT : Isn't this guy supposed to be a millionaire?
What up.
You dicided to finally got on Twitter.
Kim: Change?
Need to want it, need to practice it, need structures that support it.
lol oh wow
Thank you for that either Dylan or
:D RT I know!!
Just like the audition.
I can't wait for our episode of TheWeddingBand to air in June!!
kid ink?
you have the same physicality since pee wee
have you guys finished you books?
awwwh...hahahahh!
I'm still laughing!
my bosoms are swelling with pride, darling.
sorry i've been MIA followers!!
Just one of those busy weeks!!!
Hope everyone is all through with their midterms
speaking of  a BRAND NEW DJ Class record has gone out to everyone on the mailing list last 3 Tuesdays.
U in?
I wanna build a house that looks like yogi bear's face from a bird's eye view.
There's a guy cooking for me.
I could get used to this.
: We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are.
Morning hike on hold till it warms up a bit more.
Currently 38 degrees
Thank you!
Happy Mothers Day to you!
After Rick Perry's rightwing 'prayerin' today, the foolhearted governor may be as beatable by Obama as Michele Bachmann.
Joe Buck on the mic: Vin Scully turns in a grave not yet dug.
i miss you :
Why do parents feel the need to get into astronomical debt to pay for an education their kids probably won't use?
A plane landing is the best way to be woken up.
Thanks for the RT !
Very exciting!
go saints na who mad?
LOVE this.
RT : Data is only as valuable as the decisions you make with it.
oh yeah, because were super BA.
lol I was trippin I was like is this really Tim???
Who's spreading shit bout me!?
Lol
haha it means a lot:
never judge a book by it's cover.
Cool hopefully that means the rain will be heading here to Vegas next!
: Have a fun trip to Atlanta.
:
haha, I'll work on that!
:
Everytime I ask u 2 come out u always have a reason as to y u cnt.I try!Mayb u should just say ok instead of excuses grumpy:P
way ahead of you my friend.
Flipping btwn that and Karate Kid Marathon on ABC FAMILY.
hit ma phone brah
LOL shut up
I am not the world's biggest fan of parades.
ive got bieber fever
wear protection I don't wanna baby Bruges running around, what are you doing after?
HAHAHAHA I blocked out every memory of her but yeah I can picture it..lol...how you been man?..we should chill someday soon..
Girl i do that all the time.
Lol
I am not a San Antonio fan, joker.
director's choice
Thank you!!
legit WORD ;
if not we just buy a game!
I'm sketchy enough in the day walking w/my earbuds in, but at night, I may as well doctorp some shrooms too
Bulshit a little gravy on top it seems....
If You Weren't Jealous , You Wouldnt Still Creep My Tweets Tho .
Lmao .
dismissed .
2012 here we come!!!
and co.
Let's do it!
the 20 questions were multiple choice?
The heat gonna win it all tho.
dearFutureWife I love how ur a good girl buh are u willing to compromise on our special night?
Remember playing Blue Note w/ Ray Barretto  Kenny sat in.
At a time he began uttering, he played so much sax that next step was prayer.
All Bronco fans should be watching THE doctorVE on NFL Network right now !!!!!
How come a Critical Masssized pack of bike cops just rolled down Western Ave in unison?
I'm in Atlanta in a big ass house all alone with every single light on and flash lights by the conner of each room
I really need someone to give me some good encouraging words to get me through the week.
on repeat.
oh lol the standard qa's at fan mg
Walk your dog not Pujols.
ew throws up
: S/O to the homies  Iz on their success, and doin the damn thing right.
Respect Iz is Thank you Anthony!
will b checkn out your site w/comments on vacay next week will personally put aside time to read...
Bentley just saw the fury come out of me when he tried chewing multiple Apple products/accessories
i would rather use a blake carrington car phone than use sprint i would do better with a carrier pigeon
Love how many new friends I'm making since being on totalblackout y'all are awesome for finding me telling me how u liked the show!
I know!
It was insane!
Fiats, psh.
Those cars are stupid.
Why Doug?
They're so small.
Like they're for Danish people.
idk O.O
First doctornk is on me !
Uh, FloRida is really opening this 933sko show?
Huh.
wow.....you're quite the scholar
I seriously don't understand why people have freaking to be so difficult.
Jesus Christ.
My moms ringtone is WMYB I can't XD
OMG I totally forgot about that!!!
lol
im a big Fan Love u
Kp pr App available on Andoctorod, iphone, blackberry phones and tablets.
You're Welcome : 
Have a fabulous day!
It will go by fast, so make sure there are pictures of everything, even you crying ; xoxo
BeatenUp AstraZeneca May Be a Buy for the Brave
I may or may not have just sneered at someone wearing a Blue Jays 1992 World Series champs sweater.
Money doing something to my ego
Today we are so excited to have Green Builder Media join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami!
www.exchangeevents.com/builder
This job is so kool
I'm going over later

yea ima send u the beat
Movers here today : :
I'm also related to Gen.
Joe Hooker.
Glad I followed in Alcott's writer footsteps and not those of his namesakes!

i really do what ever I want in this bitch 
Senator Murkowski's son's name is Matthew, btw.
Omg.
It was perfect.
I'm smiling too: I have listened to it like a bajillion times!
After nearly 4 weeks of eating healthy and exercising, it finally feels great to move your body, right?
Told you the pain would subside!
still wrapping my head around the fact that soda is sweetened with corn, and not candy corn
The Problem of Slavery as History: A Global Approach by Joseph C.
Miller F'74 now available from
Thank you!
Love you!
Best valentines day ever
Prometheus looks dope
When you listen to music what are you listening for?
A Dope Beat, A Storyline W/ strong messages, or just an overall uniqueness
I just got dessert/salad forks for a gift!
Sunday ain't so bad.
We give stuff away to our FB/Twitter fans/followers on Sundays!
: That's sketchy as fuck.my boyfriends favorite words lol
Just look at their body language, they don't wanna win
Facts About Human Papilloma Virus
without music, the only sound we would probably hear for a long time is the sound of traffic
I love Irvin..he's totally HOT!
Not to mention a bad ass fighter.
Knocked Huston the Fout!
:'D hahaha.
I still can't stop laughing!
I'm pretty sure I'm immune to caffeine.
a good song is....all my life by mc magic.
idk if ull b into it tho : lol
It was only a matter of time with the amount of Devils shots.
Tie game
Not that I don't like talking on the phone with you, it just makes it tougher to doctornk this
Yeah Jessica, this isn't good
Just when I think it can't get better.
Butterscotch cake and a calvados at Stephanie rocks the bar btw.
Uhm so like what's good for saturday ?
possibly?
4 more followers till 400 help me out.
If you have any interest in Film/Video/New Media check out the Charlottesville Chapter of the Virginia Production Alliance www.cvillevpa.com
: My WunderRadio iPhone app has completely stopped working.
Any insight?
Thanks!
You got us repowered about an hour ago.
I had to finish bottling beer before I could thank you.
Cheers!
deck doctornkin with and grandprixsolutions where are crew at?
Doing an extraspecial tour this evening for some awesome people!
Yay!
Don't feel like doing my bio hw....I'll do it later
Ha!
Such a tragedy!
Bucky has to stop the Syracuse penetration.
I think he brings up a good point...
6 pts,16 reb,6 blocks, 5 assist  3 steals...
how was Withey's D great?
,he obviously doesn't know Turbo.
: FF the NFL is, the NFL.
No one knows it like Rich.
My Leg is Cold
thanks i really appreciate it, and yes it is.
.
doesnt know life exists outside of itself MT ESPN boasted Grantland is first website to bridge sports  pop culture
Disney CEOs Franchise Film Push Takes Toll as Ross Exits
that mall was mad bougie but i was getting my car fixed and they had chik fil a.
sort of a win?
whaT THE UFCKF
The collaboration between Jason Wu and Brizo is a perfect design and function marriage.
7 AM: get tickets for in NYC...looks like I'll be back up here on June 9th.
Can't wait to finally see him live
Damn, is it gonna rain in Baltimore tonight?
Anyone on my TL know?
i agree with you!
Just saw on ESPN court side at nuggets game...
Think that was who spilled beer and delayed game
S/O to my new follower !!

Nubiagroup Powerpoint Collection : Beauty of ALASKA
: Table change.
Am not spitball distance from yeah but do you see adam's pants?
They just got bluffed off
Ellipse Chapel already packed to hear Clayton speak, photo editor reports
Cancer always claims the nicest people.
us too!!
Can't wait to see you!!
No, but I still wouldn't play for the Knicks.
NP Common feat Dwele The People.
Sometimes, you have to burn a bridge.
That's how you grow.
thank you or tuning in :
You should just try something new..
Just Saying
Thanks for disrupting.
:
Not even babies sleep as well as I just did.
It is gonna be one hell of a great day.
Hope yours is too!
:
Searching for your next home?
Visit us to learn how the current market will affect you!
www.TheOertelGroup.com
Please don't trade David
Bout to slide to my Homeboi house an get some doctornks
Anyone with some awesome graphic design skills wanna make me a new avatar?
Need a change!
Willing to give a follow, shoutout, etc.
Sitting around the house thinking about a lot and making a pie so I can indulge in it later :
Dinner with :
Saw your name at the press box!
I'm at the whit too!!
Random!
Come on CLIPPERS GUT IT OUT!!
Let's move on to Round 2!!
IWishYouKnew how to give proper head .
only one sleeve?
CONGRATS!
;
Do you have a great head shot/comp card?
We can arrange a private online session to make sure your materials are incredible.
feel better my dear!
I wonder Homs residents agree.
RIP Grandma aka Gamma...12yrs ago the memory is as fresh as yesterday...love u so much...I know ur pushing me thru.
LetsWin Baby!!!
:
I will definitely check it out!
thx.
Letting you're eyebrows wolf out because you want a different shape 
Officially one month until the concert.
I felt the presence of a love ..
love is sobeautiful :
My baby can make me feel better about just about anything:
What happened, Joe?
Putting stories together at the 120 and Blondo Scooter's.
Somebody come say hi and have tea with me.
thank you Larry!!!
what do you consider highend brews.
If I only knew...
you or me, or stephanies in general?
ha blaze it ehh?
Thanks!
And sadly, we will have 8 minutes to make it from gate E to gate B in Atlanta.
I'm not feeling too positive about this.
Going to hang with the wolfpackk.
Jon, Julia and caitlin 3
Thanks KTSU 90.0 FM for broadcasting my recording of Our Love is Here to Stay this morning.
Aloha Houston!
Concluding an informative and enjoyable Magnet seminar in Cleveland.
Good information, good times.
Cleveland rocks.
Yes, Cleveland.
If Hell exists, then Michael Jackson just made a new friend...
All set up at the doctorveins Bring on the Shrek!
The Music  Arts Library are closed today, Fri 2/26, due to the snow.
Regular hours resume on Sat 2/27 at 12:00 noon
you're gross
I've been outta the Twitterloop for a minute or two...
Whats the deal with pancakes?
You may be a barbie but even in the real world no one wants you!
Pain pain pain
HoeLies 45: I don't masturbate.
I got to 67 good pages of thesis today and worked really hard at the derby game I was too broken to play in tonight.
winning ...
Thank you!
She definitely didn't need her hospital cap for long :
NEW VIDEO COMING SON!
I give up on shopping
BNI Our chapter just received an award for generating over 1 million on closed business.
doctorIvan Misner is here to congratulate us!!
Thanks to I can never listen to Islands by The XX and not think of how he's a tsuinami.
I swear I be fucking up smh
both of your sites seem down, do you share a common hosting platform?
When are the crowds wrong?
Happy to have you!
Let me know if you need a Twitter101 crash course!
Thank you, I'm glad I met you too.
You sold petey to a blink kid!!!!
Okay...So what's the bet?...When will he be off the air and what's our amount?
I HATE when that happens!!!!!!
Sales Tip: Just b/c we met via phone  are LinkedIn doesn't mean u should put me on your email list.
I have like 2 or 4 twittercrush is that a good or bad thing haha
I want to be on the Party Rock Crew c: hahaha
Soo who wants to give me a ride to school on Friday?
Steepling my fingers in front of my mouth I see.
Just good?
Perhaps you would like to broaden your adjectives?
Paragon Shipping Announces Availability Of Its Annual Report On Form 20F  MarketWatch
Who the hell would name a toucan Sam?!
There's Photoshop, auto tune, and plastic surgery.
Too bad there's nothing for your Shitty personality.
was watching girl, interrupted, the world is sometime full of shit but still people need people to be with, the place to be.
Does this sound like a helicopter brrrrrrrrrr
Yep, our warranty is up on the Macs so we're switching out machines.
Local news lesson.
Don't call it New Information when you're telling me yesterday's news.
You know who you are.
I am embarrassed just being in the same room with right now.
Holy hell school just needs to be over..
I tink I going to the red cartpet with victoria justice at the kids choice awordes
Alzner on the third period PP: You could say a million things about the power play, none of them good.
Editing and doing dishes.
Not at the same time.
I worry that Obamas current opponent doesnt have the strength of character to push back against the most dangerous voices on his side.
ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror looking good looking good
hahaha that's so odd, but it could be interpreted as deep.
Have you been asking Zayn for tweets?
I take it as a deep tweet.
Glad it's hotchella this weekend and not coldchella!
hey sister how you doing.
Whats new in yo hood?
Hope your day got better!
Once again, happy birthday to my best friend , I love you!
Are you the USD Swim Coach or part of the team Mike?
Happened in Germany a decade ago, Schalke thought they had won, but a minute later Bayern Munich snatched it in injury time.
tomorrow is JUSTINBIEBER birthday so make baby
Kansas isn't looking to hot.
I feel you!
Yes.
I was a starry  eyed Georgetown student at his reading in New South Hall about 1970.
TAKE A T O BABY!!!
FantasyFactory when i cant sleep...
My roommate about making dinner tonight  Add an onion baby and you got a stew going  Hat nod to 
14hours 32minutes 22 seconds!!!!!
until BELIEVE i cant wait!!!
Thank you for your kindbuterroneous belief that I might need Wikipedia in order to decode that reference.
Acorn Squash
Thank You 
815Icon : 10 Ur really cool and nice and have u made the case yet haha and we should talk more:
It's the Hotpocalypse.
Plugging ur iPod in then going on stage 2 rap would b the same as a jazz artists playin Jamey Aebersold tracks and playin to them on stage.
hi Scott !
I've been so busy that I forget to tweet lol.
How are you?!
Lmfao oh now Laker fans are tweeting huh ?
d:
Week starting off a little slow?
Grab a 3 pint during our happyhour all day Monday and Tuesday from 210pm!
sounds like a plan c:
Gabrielle  Out of Reach.
oh yeah, happy birthday.
Morning!!
Today you should have a Apple.
imo he's being excessively wordy  not spacing his statements.
Your testimony painfully reminded me of law school.
it's INSANE.
Just the study packet makes me wanna shoot myself.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
To the man stuck in the rain on his scooter at the redlight next to me, im sincerely sorry
that's so true lol
Absolutely not.
RT : So is it weird to blast One Direction out a window?
Oh yeah?
Well, check out all our rings!
signed up!
excited to see what sort of things you're cooking up...
I wonder if the sticky notes were ransom...;
is so talented and so beautiful i hope she follows me :
not gonna give up on Jarrett after 1year in a sys.
where the DC wasnt sure what he was doing
is wondering which of our songs is your favorite?
Check us out at myspace.com/tailgatesouth and let us know!
Sponsorship is not selling.
Sponsorship is all about a full understanding of your partners needs and goals.
Shout to and for having one of the illest albums of 2011!
a sure fucking classic.
I just had a heart attack.
U could have warned me.
I just vomited my lunch.
Aye it was so nice seeing all of u again.
RT RT
Heading to Everest base camp in April.
Will be traveling with some REI gear.
More than happy to write a review for any equipment.
Eric
it was a great but hard trip i will keep posting at my blog about the trip at www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com stay in touch
i feel official with these white shoes and suspenders
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle
The Press Association reports that it took medical staff two hours to get Muamba breathing again.
Much love 2ya !
RT : Don't forget about our meeting Thursday!
All are welcome!
Come to in the Short North at noon on Thursday!
American Red Cross of Central Texas  updates for fire evacuees and donation info www.centex.redcross.org
How'd we get here; this high?
And whats this talk of dead weight?
cooper temple clause
This is so eyeopening RT The estimates that 1/3 of the world is underfed, and another 1/3 is starving.
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 22
aww man, I didn't have wifi at the game :.
I would have replied earlier
Don't forget when life hands you lemons, is still better than you
Because they are 2 different shows, the MPLS show is the mnrecordshow  the St Paul show is the MSP Music expo.
not a bad thing beautiful.
God says to forgive always, but you can't just forget the action, guard your heart : love you!
One thing I'm good at is losing headphones...
And I justt bought them :
you will get plenty of pics!
Zak is coming over tomorrow night so maybe he can skype you
There's something bout a kiss thats gonna lead to more ;
Helping my lil sister do hwk  telling her she's wrong  then realizing you're the wrong one!
embarrassing fail Oo
I don't care who was BEFORE me, as long as I know there's no one DURING me we solid shit more than solid in my book lil shawty.
EVERYONE GOO FOLLOW : !!
shes the sweetest girl ever !!
iloveya 3 !!
StaySmiling :D
ha!
hardly  studying instead.
Reading up on privacy concerns  putting on my constitutional scholar cap!
I feel so unloved.
Nobody's helping to get me to 1000 followers : tear
About to do this system recovery...
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Pat Dixon
ok cool  yea we should all try and meet up that night at some point or do a something on saturday evening
Thank you Pinterest, for allowing me to steal all your Valentine's Day ideas.
Oh happy day lovers!
xx
Someone just asked the furry if they can pet her.
Only at a con is that question not dirty.
we like ice cream.
where yhu at bestfriend?
Im hungry!
coming all the way from WI for the race next weekend.
Best of luck!
So psyched to meet up with good friends
Why do movie tickets cost an arm and leg now???
Library on a Saturday I'm officially disgusted with myself
kids to school now time for
Y does everyone judge a book by its cover
I have a last minute meeting and wont be able to make tonights EMP gathering : Coffee this friday to talk about AAM?
Kim Kardashian Has High Praise For Rick Santorum huffpost She's hoping to star with him in a sex tape.
Remember to bring a Handbag for donation to the momsFF Style Suite blogher benefiting doctorss for Success
Off to bed.
Long day of auditions, premieres, and private screenings tomorrow!
And I get to spend time with some of my favorite people.
:
Tattoo factory can suck a big fat dick.
Fuck that place.
Stickbug and praying mantis in the same 30 minutes.
whaaa?.
RT : Way too hot for middle of March.
We need tax breaks for rich to unleash the coolness creation potential of the climate.
That's fantastic!
I enjoyed browsing your site  great work
Me too RT : I doctornk good.
Real fucking good.
eh thats different in my eyes.
a corrupt institution if you ask me.
Im just very dedicated to achieving without college lol
thanks for catching up lovely!
so nice to see you!
will keep in touch : xo
aww yeah!!
can you help trend :
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your chances of it actually getting done.
via
Raining makes it that much harder to get outta bed
yes!
That's the one!
Narcissistic overzealous selfrighteous egomaniac.
Me too.
Best adoration chapel in Des Moines area.
I haven't seen them all, but I doubt any other is even close.
I messed up so much on that tweet.
But I'm too lazy to do it again.
lol I know I couldn't think of anything really good.did you come up with anything?
The brand of candy, duh..
Things are heating up for poetry fest.
Get yourself down here.
May the souls of the 102 people who died in the Ibadan Floods R.I.P.
FoxSportsArizona Craig Morgan live from Nashville talking Coyotes Hockey RIGHT NOW.
Calling All Sports
Damn it...missed opportunities...lol never again!
H.
Mathews A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything.
A choice is all that is left him.
Congrats Jane!!!
WhoHooooo....
So much for handicapping.
the races..just betting names in the future..haha
haha no problem it was great : btw ur little sister was really cute!
haha :
That's it, I'm booking a goddamned vacation.
Oomf is gorgeous.
lmao!!
Thanks for proving my point!
Out celebrating the luck of Irish?
Stop by , the home of our new location coming soon!
I live by the Omaha Mall .3
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
yo like i told my mom about the 120 believe preorder pack  she just bought it for me...
0.o no complaints here!
It was a great event!
The video is fantastic!
Thank you!
whatgetsmemad liars and stupidity.
Going to church doesnt make you a Christian, any more than standing in a garage makes you a car!
how many think killed that performance?
is that really a flavor?
you will find something bro, just hold on!!
I say you guys go back to pressing dubs!
Srsly though, it's that bs that ruins it for djs like me who love getting promos :
omg!
Just tweet it!;
that  spring soccer season starts in a week, hope the weather remains mild, we have started in snow before
lmao they better tread lightly they kno I'm crazy
Work it.
Lucky I'm not your professorssor ;
No one will recognize me.
A new face, a cold heart to stand in your way.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one
He is doing much better, Thank the Lord  Thank u For your Prayers!!
He is resting at home until His ribs totaly Heal!
xx
When Pedoctor gets the call from the pen, the Orioles should turn on the Strop Light.
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
omg that's awful!
I'm sorry!
:
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.
Stanislaw Lec
Crazy downtown Detroit traffic!
OPENING NIGHT!!!!
Curtians  CBHS.
Breakaleg Hailey Anne!!!
Best to the rest!
Love Ms.
Leslie
hey How about we agree, Rickie Weeks...
Episodes Every Saturday Never Missed 1 IM EXITED For New Episodses Prank Episodes Tomorrow
MastersOfMovement talent/crew of MattsChance follow
dancee in a bitt .!
im putting in 12 hours this week.!!
i seriosuly would do anything to be on vacation right now!!!
:
I love but I just have no luck.
He'll never follow me!
It's literally one of the most frustrating things in the world!
/3
Today in Invention History: Phil Brooks received a patent in 1974 for a disposable syringe
Opening up the summer house on Squam this weekend!
Crossing my fingers for some good weather!
I'm in my office but my mug full of coffee is in my car.
There's good...n then there's MARGARITA MONDAYZ MOTHERFUCKER ...
La Mansion
pfft!
Maybe that is what SoCal dudes wore in the 80s, where are the Airwalks, the baggy T, the long raggedy shorts?
pffft!
I have a whopping 40 followers...
Dolphins win!!!
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Dear Banana
That awkward moment when people start stuff on your Facebook status and you just don't want to get involved.
You have to love us :
We put money where our mouth is: 100 of professorts on online CloSYS oral rinse to Breast Cancer Awareness.
www.closys.com/charity.html
Dont you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you cant be exactly who you are.
I teach a class at Parsons in New York.
Going to get my hair donee for promm :
ha not at all
If only you could see, I love you, but I lost me.
Just received a very nice email from a young woman.
She wrote, I want to model my career after yours  asked me to mentor her.
Of course!
RT : Whatever doesn't kill you, makes your doctornks stronger.
I believe the musical version was called Yo, MTV Claudio.
Matt Flynn is playing his way into a nice contract next year.
He should definitely be starting for someone
I dont like anyone.
I would love to attend Sscamp, but I'm not positive I can.
Is it rude to tentatively register if I'm not positively going
i had frozen yogurt yesterday at the Scottsdale and Shea location!
its the best ever!
he does a funny ass R Kelly bit in the end.
You can DL for 5 on his website
YouKnowYouAreHispanic When you go down to Hialeah and they are doing their religion and sacrificing a goat and a dove in a warehouse
PicassoQA Did he have a favorite painting, other than La Guernica?
watchu know bout walking in the Gucci store and they salute
i wish they would take advantage of lucroys hitting and keep him at
Yes, but only because he didn't finish the challenge, since it is a competition  unfortunately he didn't complete it!
Ive seen your vids too!
Very inspiring!
That awkward moment watching The Big Bang Theory when you realize you know more about Star Trek the Next Generation than your boyfriend.
In honor of our military and Armed Forces Day we are offering a 15 discount with any military ID at Bath  Body Bistro.
it wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the folks stopping in middle lane to take pics from the car.
Yeah Ravens.
:
Is there an instrument you dont play??
and Jwow InTown They should hit me up!!
So they could have a great time in Jersey CIty
I never understood ?
Is it even possible for t to have a black eye, can you punch one?
Mystery 
Listen up Mark Eisner  environmental and hydoctorgeologic work.
Or, we could set up a blog  you'll be Kloutless no more.
Thanks for all the Likes everyone!
More Deals Coming!
More on the burglary search: SDPD: They have an idea who the suspect is, but he is not in custody.
so true!
It should be warm enough to wear sun doctorsses all year long!
Watching Lost reruns!
I miss this show :
Who knew there could be so many opinions about the design of book covers?
FINAL Sounds Like Summer concert Thurs Rock.
Guilty Pleasures is playing.
Need we say more?
Visit www.NashvilleScene.com 2purchase tix.
Last day of shooting.
A hard week, but still so fun and very productive.
The next episode is going to be insane.
that depends on who you work for and where you work LOL
These are the days that we will always remember.
Chasing the night to make our days better.
Can I get in on this too?
I'm tired of being a virgin!
I just won a free movie night from !
Spurs HAVE to make free throws in the 4th or we're looking at 03
yes Discrim.
cannot be made ok by a vote.
Amend 1 is not discrim.
It does nothing to gay people but keep the defn of marriage.
Bout to see so many people crying after school.
Big actresses need love to where's my joint.
Yu Jin Ko about to give talk: We Do it With the Lights On: Original Shakespeare in Contemp.
Performance  Wellesley Newhouse Ctr event
Miss you too.
We also offer OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!
Had a delicious raw taco salad and raw tortilla wraps for lunch at Pure Food and Wine for lunch.
Yummy!
lol!
Good luck!
Let me know how it goes!
good luck gettin a girlfriend lol

Rings and bracelets are my thing!
Earrings, not so much lol
I'll smoke to that!
Leveraged and structured finance attorney positions open in top NY law firms!
Email for more info.
scms12 afrofuturism: offers to thinking a way to enter into alliance with an indigenous space
Voting has officially closed!
Find out who is named the 2011 National Mascot of the Year during the on January 2  1pm E.T.
Does that mean I have to stop listening to the hold music now?
: Thanks for the help!
is doing some great work with WV childoctorn...thank you for all your work!
a track workout in this heat is true dedication.
best of luck in your tryouts.
I'm upset you would go to domo without me
Reviewing music for my book trailer, my tabby snuggled beside me, as usual.
He just attacked the computer, so I guess that song is a no!
Rivera ain't going down like this.
We're Yankees fans, we stay for all nine.
Reviewing instruction guide for certification as a minority or women business enterprise
merry christmas !
i hope you read this :' if u answer me i'll be cry :'
I love 30 Rock!
Last night I sat in front of the TV  ate an entire carton for Foie Grois, I could hardly my morning shower scotch.
Jack
My little sister graduates from in two short weeks!
Where did the time go?
Feel like I was just there myself!
Zero signal in my condo,
for sure man.
I have a feeling this summer is gonna be epic!
Thx  welcome to more new followers!
My mom wants to put me in a all girl school.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I would die.
everyday all day boo lol
Hey I'm sorry I will still go see it with you ok.
intense retail therapy right now.
Sorry about it bank account.
Finished off the Divisional Week with 22 record.
NFC/AFC Championship writeup will be up this week!
Go GB!!!!!
:D the fairy!!!
I want the fairy to help me tonight!!
Installedinstallationinspireideal
For me, a brick oven would mean homemade pizza twice a week.
thanks everyone!
I will do that for you...
Because I care.
Asking someone you mad bro?
when they're actually mad.
lmao
My iPhone is now running on ios5.1 finally.
I was beginning to think that the update didn't apply to the 4
Time to go get dat cut.
I upgraded to da one n a half.
LOL
Awww, poor baby!w!
It'll be over before you know it!
7.
Check your W4  make sure to withhold enough to cover your taxes, as opposed to filling it out to get the least amount of taxes withheld.
your going haha !
Yeah, they prolly should have left the wink outta there.
Good morning lady:!
Yeah, I spent my day swimming and tanning.
WHO THINKS I'M A GRAND ADMIN?
ANYONE?
ANYONE?
NO OKAY...ASHLEY
Finishing the lineup of doctoramGirls getting ready to debut our first model of the week :
For Some Reason I Tend To Blow Peoples Minds When It Comes To Music!
Im Pumped Up Kicks Because Of It!
I'm not sure.
I'm heqding down there with friends who have a place in mind but I'm not sure what that is.
i believe that i will thank you
Dude, I need to get you away from FistPumpers
Worried that my death trap of a car won't be starting tomorrow morning.
She done good so far this winter but the fat lady may have sung.
Come one, come all.
Do not eat the alligator.
The alligator is for tourists.
Omg go grizzlies yay.
haha i wish it were that!
hopefully J.J.
will be directing an episode as well.
When the fuck did it become thursday?
looking forward to connecting!
I hate to overstate a point, but I hate to beat a dead horse.
Tweeting  Texting
Thats cos we rule!!!!
Xoxo RT we WON THE TATTOO CONTEST!!!!!!
GO US!!!!!
The Rebaroque Artist Series X SCOPE Art Show.
Contemporary artists include Doze Green, Ellis Gallagher and Kid Zoom.
www.scopeart.com
lol I like that technique, I'm gonna do that too
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us  Franz Kafka
this ish is confusing!
At least I think I figured out how to respond.....
well, this is just brilliant.
is another nyc staple we need to get in dc.
also cabs that take credit cards  photobooths in bars.
Passed 300 followers, thanks everyone!
Such a long stressful day of doing absolutely nothing but napping and pastaing
I love you too Female scream xD
so does
doctorpal features dependency hell, welcome to the ride.
If u gimme 200 n I flip it to 400 why not put 500 n flip it to a grand...
mo risk mo reward
But you got so many with me!!
I'm not one for the heat
dude, you have more than 200 followers, you can text all day long!!
TIP OF THE DAY: Take your time before sitting down in a game and study the table dynamics.
Who raises, who stands up to it?
OneThingImSureOf is I thought of one direction when I read one thing from this hash tag :
Maas: just wish they would portray the positive aspects of what we were doing.
It paints a really negative picture of the business, alchies
Dallas HOB may be th best HOB of all.
AWES.Show  we dont say that to evry crowd.
Xellent clapping skills.
Almost forgives the evil cowboys!
hey whats up?
Thanks!
Should be fun.
It been a long day n it still ain't over yet
Oh man...Now we have to wait for Season 3 Goldoctorsh!!!
Best of luck to as they prepare for summer.
Q Crew Radio is buying out the bar Durkin's Tavern until midnight come by for your free shot, beer or cocktail.
810 W Diveresy in Chicago
Headed to the cubs game...a little part of my brewers soul just died
Are you working for ?
Thank you!
and then there was the time Kevin ran for 'Prez', and we wrote stories about me and some illegal immigrants.
Be sure to watch tonight 8pm!
Tell us where you see the posters and which ones you see JAM2012 Please RT!
Want a company to truly feel connected, let employees post what they want whether work related or personal  trust them!
Dubbin' down Reason.
Hit squads on deck
I look at you in awe and take a second to take it all in because you are the most beautiful interesting human being I have ever seen.
And that difference requires you moving away from what you are comfortable with.
The change we need starts with ourselves.
Thank you, thank you, thank you  This Episcopalian writer has been recreated.
the best docs are at Sundance.
SHIT.
I mean SMANG IT.
Stupid slang words.
Oh i mean.
I cant spell.
Outstanding Campus Sponsored Program of the Year  Alternative Spring Break.
Anyone know how to make a mixtape cd or mixtape online?
Had fun tonight with my girl at 12 bar even though we spent a lot of our night waiting for a fucking doctornk!!
OH.
MY.
GOD.
MY YEARBOOK PICTUE TURNED OUT FUCKING AWFUL I TELL YOU UGH WHY
Today has been good.
RT Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the catalytic converter.
let us know when you're coming!!!
You gotta like that
we in here
it doesnt matter what its called, I'm buyin...can't wait!:
for give me for not introducing you to I'll have her spank me later tonight.
oh man!
Well congrats on the move!
That's great!
And a new adventure is always fun!
NF Hope you join the movement strictly for DivasGents
Attempting homemade granola bars with the little one.
Should be yummy...apricot, coconut and chocolate chips!
Be Strong.
easy to say, but hard to do when your broken.
i thought i had pcos  turns out I just get hemorraghic cysts!
yay!!!
: just found my cd from panama city that Florida Girl joint go hard, got it in replay.
hell ya bang that ish cuz
thank you!
hahaha what a big...fish you have.
Better late than not at all!
No, he's a jackass.
Done with finals woo!
Enjoying an actual Guinness from Ireland.
What a great day!
Happy 4th everyone.
for we have a VERY special project  a huge wish for a disabled foster care child, how to reach your team?
Baked a cake in 8 minutes for the New Years EveEve party in the microwave using the Tupperware stack cooker.
www.my.tupperware.com/jbarol
I'll spin the wheel
Sure did.
Huffington Post had a nice story about Stacy as a mentor.
God's Good Morning to the Unbreakables!
!
check out the song written for on Open Mike program with had a great time working on it!
Hey, Sean.
Thanks for the follow.
I am definitely a fan of you and :
Yea fool!
You think this the best thing for you right now?
that makes me smile :
I probably owe mike 32 cents still and he'll expect me 2 pay it..haha
Thanks!
Haha my cat is the shit!
alright  tell scherfer I'm at the doctors
I did!
Thanks for sharing!
:
Damn she fine
I just want to hear pianos
Tonights agenda: Teach our cat catch how to jump up and catch a hair tie.
Mission almost completed.
Video to follow.
Faden, author of A Fairy Use Tale, is talking about writing with video.
ATTN Colorado!!
My friend Ronnie, is new to twitter....help him out and give him some follows!
:
My friends...
why on earth does he keep saying that?
: Sorry to hear about both those things, sounds awful : thx I've had better days good thing I'm an unfeeling bastard
remember when you followed me yeah me neither
i can't choose either.
I have equal affection for and It's like choosing a favorite child.
So gotdamn FedUp !
That shit is unbelievable.
Hall: If we want a different kind of university than we have now, we have to accept that we will have to change too
who does that : Sleeping nude  cuddling.
here, there, around and no where.
Ha
text off my iPodd :
That's a solid one
True or False: Several small meals a day will speed up your metabolism?
ANOTHER TRIPLEDOUBLE?!!
is the best PG in the game.
Period.
You gotta chill with the Pinterest tweets, those bursts are blowing up my feed, obscures your other great stuff.
Just found myself apologizing to a rat the size of a chihuahua because I disturbed his trash can breakfast.
Sorry buddy!
Watching bridesmaides with the parents.
Talk about customer perspective  how you look at decisions  actions from that point of view.
We have to ask ourselves, what is our motive behind our usage of our gifts?
Are we using them to bless us, or to bless Gods ppl?
At the conference in NOLA and getting ready for their unplugged event w  Better Than Ezra.
Waxing nostalgic abt high school
Obsessed with how involved UK basketball is at this Derby.
I may not hate this day after all.
Comedy Central..!
What is your favorite stench?
Do you value people based on their accomplishments or do you value them simply because they are beloved by God?
SMACKOUTPARTY tomorrow at EROTIC CITY STARRING CHASE BE THERE WILL SELLOUT SMACKOUT !!!
Did you see Google's recent forecast that the search term Tumblr would overtake blog by the end of the year?
Do you like a nigga, with an afro!!
Bitch!
Lol I got one!
I thought I got a ticket, turns out it was a note from a guy who wanted to buy my car...weird...he's probably a serial killer.
We are always fighting for the thrill of it
Just passed up a GREAT DEAL on that Members Only Jacket that he wanted so badly back in the day at the thrift store.
Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to.
George Seaton
When English is a 2nd language  need audio  1520 sec sound bytes; make graphics earn their place
I miss you
lol  girls who have a boyfriend yet like 2 other guys..
today was rd could have been better
fridayreads Hell is Empty by Craig Johnson  love the Longmire series!
fridaylistens finished Little Brother by Doctorow  Fantastic!
Me: I have some serious Moose Knuckle in this shorts : Is that our version of a Camel Toe?
Me: Yes.
My eyes are so heavy!
fighting the food coma.
Looking forward to party at later!!
HappyHalloween everybody!!!
Had fun trickortreating with and
Just to clarify, that's a Doherty quote in my previous tweet.
I called Uthoff but he didn't pick up and I left a message.
All I want is a baby pool and a slip 'n slide.
u damn right about that
Windy at Sawgrass, reminds me of a certain March Players when we froze
Has anyone used SKII?
If I thought for a minute it would actually make my skin look like Cate Blanchett's, I'd consider shelling out the !
does that mean you can use it outside of ATT?
I hate Paisley.
It's the ugliest fucking pattern ever.
Fun fact: knows the lyrics to The Saga Beings by Weird Al.
Normal?
or not?
At home, processing the photographs from last nights Herstory workshop.
Recognized soo many faces today.
See my previous tweet re: Punk Planet
yeah very true, wish we didn't have the plans though I'm going to be freaking out the entire ride home
There's a seagull outside my window.
he keeps staring at me and chattering.
I'm scared.
Wonder if him  his girl fukin right now..!
I'll stop by.
See you then.
Audition Tip: Stay prepared by increasing your audition repertoire to include more songs  monologues in various styles.
YES!!
THIS IS THE FRIDAY THAT I'VE BEEN WAITNG FOR!!
TODAY I'M CAR SHOPPING  A POLICE AUCTION!
:D
lol!!
RT : my name's not ripley, i aint trying to make you believe anything...
looney on the bus.
just about lost it...
What's up yall.
Nick Cannon has the charisma of a catheter insertion.
no problem
I'm getting quickly hooked on Mezcal Old Fashioneds .
.
.
.
I bet you are hoping for extras out in the Bay,
I luv it when I do an audition and the casting director hanging onto my every word.
Almost begging 4 my next line.
Ok I'm off my high
Just want to get today over with .
Chicago and Les Mis
While the site is back up the FB stuff seems effed...meh
Just unfollowed Shabazz Muhammad and it felt so right.
what's the chances of a Braun and Fielder coMVP in the national league?
It happened in football awhile back...
Why didn't I work out in high school?
What did I waste my time doin?
text me real quick please
A3 getting on the boards of other arts nonprofessorts in your community can help in addition to your day job
Griffin, why do you do this to yourself....
Still on the phone ugh
Great job on the video!
I love it.
Still on phase one.
Challenging but when you see improvements you will love it!
And don't take as long either.
I am so sleepy today..
wtf I can't even keep my eyes open.
more coffee stat!!
looks yummy auntie, is that feta?
The bar phone fell over and died.
So don't call the bar.
We'll get another one tomorrow.
Young childoctorn learn incredibly quickly by following the example of people they admire.
Have you read with a child today?
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
What are you cookin' up for your GlutenFree Thanksgiving??
missn was a success
Thank you!
yeah, so it says in her facebook status.
guess we're not going out
On my ipadddddd.
got a small ass shirt on right now.....
Lol
He was WIDE open
Nothing wrong with a little friendly competition this am...
Beastmode with Paul n James!!
Shut up
I'm am attempting to get happy on Strawberry Rhubarb margarita....i will be streaking our 'hood soon!
Time waits fa no man nor woman....so im up n at 'em!!!!
you know those days when you're pretty much just useless at getting anything done at work because your mind is somewhere else?
that must suck : sry but my mom makes me walk to skool every day with some annoying brat without my say in it!!
:p
academic discourse has a seriousmaking impulse at its center that makes it bad at thinking through the unserious
thanks buddy!
RT: Moms been taking ALL my friends since 6th grade shrugs ...
Jeez, go old already.
ya tu sabe!!
;
Heard a docent call it a flash bang the other day.
We have a flash bang here on the wall.
ADORABLE.
Do try it.
Game tomorrow should be fun
here's one for stayathome parents/writers: how do you transition from writing to parenting and vice versa?
I'm always 060 mph!
or tot is.
Really wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Thanks doctorke, Emily, Josh, and Ryan.
The show is about to begin .
Come join the discusion www.FocusSociety.com
lmaoooo i was knocked out
5th graders obsessed with Hunger Games.
WHY can't we have it in our library too...
Should it be in K5?
SLJ rec's 79 and I agree.
YEA.
le calls people.
Going on a jog.
Yeah buddy
Growing is painful....
Staying the same hurts more
Joe Cocker  She Came In Through The Bathroom Window  05:37 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Little known fact  if you yank Steven Seagal's pony tail 3 times, it calls Chuck Norris from his orbiting space satellite.
But what about just getting access to our digitized stuff.
Why is visiting part of the motivation?
I didn't watch the video to see if maybe the tiers are misleading; I alone beweep my outcast state
My mom's only comment on my fudgy melty brownies: Oh...you didn't put nuts in them.
No.
No I didn't ruin them with evil, evil walnuts.
St.
Louis....ShowMe State
ok..u watching the game
I felt queasy the entire time I was there.
Didn't realize what it was until we were home.
Smokes burn a long time there!
Thank goodness you're able to delete tweets.
Last night was just crazy.
...wondering if event attendance will decrease because everyone is too busy with tweets and fbook these days...
u have an HTC now???
When u off again?
I just wana go home and sleep'
Making today by bitch....
And setting the tone for a great week ahead of me.
doesn't look like it'll be this year!
Sorry to tell ya.
Wow, life is good!
Despite so much adversity hitting me, it is getting even better!
God, Thank you so much for that.
I think it was this morning  could you see it from your place??
Ice Cube stopped smokin weed and started doctorppin crap like Are We There Yet lol!
get my point
Imagine Guy: Hey you're really pretty.
Austin: Back off!
She belongs to me.
333 :
my pleasure, and ours...
lol that's the same question my mom was asking : It looks like though 
If Chelsea played like this against someone in the Prem they'd be torn apart...
because its against Barcelona its heroic
Chief to Padoctorn's parents Thank you for giving us your son.
Okay.
So I'm in love with They're amazing.
Also, would like to thank for almost, but not kicking me in the face.
You moon the wrong person at an office party and suddenly you're not professorssional any more.
is there ever a chance of One Direction performing in Hawaii?????
Am having the greatest hookah in the whole planet
which song?
where?
and How Cool!??!
That woman is the man!
Have an awesome rehearsal.
I gotta powerful mind
HOLIDAY POTLUCK TODAY!
Hey ASU DPC students, the Fair Trade Cafe across the street from the Ucent is offering 50 an inhouse doctornk with a valid student ID.
I'm riding with the Valkyries tonight.
Opera is awesome!
Finished with school.
leaving for the airport in basically an hour.
AFRICA BOUND.
Romney must show American people that he has a charitable heart in order to win in November
i love country its my life so its all i sometimes listen to
You're going to make someone pretty darn happy!!!!
Play with your dog every day!
Playtime is a great way to show your pet how much you love him!
As someone who has converted part of their studio into a storage locker, I can sympathize with having all the extra crap.
I liedkind of!
I have internet but not wireless!
I feel like I am in the stone age!
Comcast give me a break please!!
I just thought that..
I was like Hey  is running this meeting!
congrats, btw
The best way to tell someone you don't like them is to text them 370HSSV 0773H and tell them to read it upside down.
haha that's awesome, spread the word about Life Between Sleep in Germany for us!
:
im quite fond of old stuff like woody guthrie, the almanac singers, joe hill, etc...
a different time but the same struggle.
Dinner was insanely yummy at Haven in Jack London Square!
Now we're all nestled in for sweet doctorams and shameless snoring.
dude, i love you.
you freakin' rock.
san antonio fucking loves you guys.
come back soon, m'love.
3
ewh, it must be hot ..
So this week do you have to make the same look but modern or you just learn about it?
:
Liz Falletta from USC SPPD would know.
Not on twitter, though.
Could send you her email.
I like all of the music in my itunes, except when its on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my itunes.
follow me luke dkslsls
Maybe OK if an entrepreneurship track is added to the curriculum to help students innovate and face new challenges ?
u from Dallas i seen those legs b4
I will unfollow funnytweets if Selena n Justin say to follow again
To get his teeth crowned!
Starting Off My Last Week Of My Senior Year :
I didn't feel an earthquake, but how bout' YOU!?
Trying to get back in the saddle, but the atmospheric colors make it hard to find my enemies.
Guess What Merci!
Sry for the late response!
Been unplugged in FL helping a friend move.
Will have to look for The Rook.
Thx for recommending!
Pay Day is the best day.
Nothing better then stacks fillin up the pockets.
Spread the word folks, exciting things to come!
While you're at it follow 
61 deaths of childoctorn in Maryland 2008  2010 but only 3 deaths disclosed.
is he a year yet?
Needa professorssionally written bio?
Hit me up for details
Not A Huge Fanbase.
Built this up from nothing.
But im humble and appreciate everything as of this point.
Definitely sounded like Bob, I may be mistaken.
Pap did refer to Scutaro as an ExYankee but it's all good the mans a legend
berlin action m/
YouKnowYouRatched if mister lam had something to say about your hair!
How do you see them so much???
Why I gotta wait??..
let's coordinate one 2gether!
Imma Marine, Imma Killer, With The Need To Bleed, Got A need To Beat U When The Light Goes Green!
USMC Hard Corps.
Had an amazing time last nite w/ thanks 4 letting me hang guys!!!
Love ya :
All things are possible to him who believes!
Just attended  be there east valley networking event.
Not bad, trying the linguini at arrivederci trattoria.
by now available via Amazon/CreateSpace, iBookstore, Kindle, Nook, KOBO, Sony eReader, BooksonBoard, and more..
Awesome question
1 FOR A 8 PACK THEY RIP REAL EASY
Am I crazy or is it abundantly clear Nate has lost the team?
See the glass half full not Half empty ...
3
I sunk to her level and gave her a few choice words in return.
I feel like shit about it now.
Cartoon Network is so inappropriate in so many different levels
where are the best places to watch The Saints games?
we will RT the best!!!
In the late 90s, Canadian Prime Minister Chretien told me his nickname for Pres.
Clinton was Mulligan.
DID YOU LISTEN TO SAY SOMETHIN OMG 3
Not the stuff you guys did.
We're just overwhelmed.
Again.
Send reinforcements.
;
Heading out for West Palm Beach's today : Today's gonna be a blast!
its awesome!
np  I know how it feels!
Hope you get some rest!
This guy humped my friend last night hahahah!
At Gravity Recording Studios, Chicago!
Here's one for you.
The TN House  Senate passed a resolution Thursday urging Manning to sign wthe Titans
Ordering my thoughts before starting on the final chapter of the Black Gold sequel.
Will be on the site of the final chapter Saturday!
I just went to a gay wedding with Louie CK
Almost able to get some new colors on Any recommendations?
I'm thinking Mardi Gras...
Its on Netflix.
have your people call my people.
BGBJ.
I got people to impress
I 3 my mom
Shopping and Avengers with my madoctor !!
:
This is gonna take a while for things to gel for the RedSox.
I;m ready for their first win.
Just no shut out today please.
:
Got a job n a body shop.
Pretty stoked.
Had to let all the tweeters know about it.
hey man great to see u on here!
It was great working with u!
Big Announcement Tomorrow Going to be Huge...............Specyphi What you Believe............
A.
SAFEWAY
Oh really lol
Great recording session this morning, yummy salad for lunch, full bottle of alkaline wateroff to join the in shape club  go for a hike!
If somebody thinks you got killed then that's just what it is.
A man should not be scared to speak his mind.
The neighborhood havent been cleaned up yet,
thank ya but has 200 subs :/
Recipe: Asparagus Quiche with Phyllo Crust
will meet , , , ,  at later tonight with to the rescue!
cool...
Thank YOU...
I will reach back out....
Enjoy!
RT : thanks for the S/O much love!
All g bro
When you come to New York I can give you a tour of all the beautiful place here
Love you :3
doin the most right now
I know!!
Reminds me why I'm a preservationist.
how are the birth control splint doing?
goals are a very good thing for your life
I think I did good enough bout to leave this damn school building and hit the streets now.
looked at those pics you're talking about, and then as the trending topic goes
For life is more than food, and the body more than clothes.
Hm.
Okay.
And in a minute I'll need to deal with this because i have to get out the car.
Hmm.
Days for new habits to take hold.
I'm thinking years.
One Amazing Person To Follow Is Help Her Get To 200 Follwers
My Bitch Bad lookin Like a Bag Of Money 

Awesome!
Amazing!
Check your message box soon, and I can't wait to read your recommendations!
A group of us may be
Maybe he'd just returned from a Caribbean island where everyone wears sharks' teeth around their necks.
:D
I think I talked more UK basketball with fans in FLA than I did anything else.
My favorite song is PIGTAILS.
I love it!!!!
WTF CHARLES BARKLEY JUST LOST ALL MY RESPECT
new pupies LOVE IT,thx for the very very beautiful
Busy film fest week!!
kicks off tomorrow, on Thursday!
You're obsessed with stars
Bosh hurt

are gold coasts finest.
ThatsTheTruth xo
Happy Friday to you, too, Good Friend!
I so appreciate the FF Love.
You're the best :
hehe, I def needed my iPhone to spell it right!
came out pretty dope
Follow me Belieber too
.
says: it's the job of ppl who do digital work to tell students: no, you need to go visit special collections.
What is really good with this snow right now?
peple who live in the past..
wow
lol girl yes I would give you the only dirty stare as if I don't do the same thing
Watching replay of Nats game, looking for evidence of hot stuff issue...
Politicians avoid the term lies when talking about opponents.
We shouldn't.
Scott Walker lies.
Daily.
I still waiting to hear from our start line, but the rest is coming together wonderfully.
Its going to be a real MKE experience.
Beer and chocolate tasting sat at 3 And we've still got some spots left!!
Good to know its passing!
We've still got thunder and darker skies in Milwaukee.
Jazz fan for the day.
If they win then the Twolves secure a first round doctorft pick.
Let's go Jazz!
couldnt do it w out your support i love you
mine was ok had the house painted today but it was ok :
Thanks!
That makes 7 in a row now!
Almost my old record of 8
we've been here always!
How are you?
I Hate that cant like a girl with out everyone getting mad /3
70 of mobile users live in the developing world.
My mom said you look taller, you have a growth spurt?
I said maybe you're just shrinking...
Lmao.
Then she hit me with her belt.
Lol
Can the Sakai OAE train be stopped?
News at 11.
I miss where I could just scroll through my favorites on Youtube  it wouldn't refresh...just play the video.
Sigh Come back...x
Good luck!
Hopefully it's not a zoo!
:
These white kids never share their answers 
Advice On Finding Patio Fire Pits On The Internet
: Post your pretty spring flowers pics!
Please forgive us, as we are having technical difficulties with the channel.
We're working on it NOW!!!
Sweet summertime.
Persnickety promotions has gotten out of dark ages..
we are on twitter...
Followin' up on the CT Mag Bridal show for now....
toodles..
I don't hate you, I never will.
I just act like I do, because it's easier than admitting that I miss you.
I've always thought they were equally authentic versions.
Lemon and cognac...
Lime and gin.
Maybe cointreau?
LOVE them.
: Ha, do you really?
It gave me a good Friday morning laugh.
:
really?
where in Pewaukee?
I'm here too and didn't hear anything.
They relieved him of his headache all right!
yeah, I think there is a lot to be done in this space.
How can I alert all my neighbors of a crime/missing pet?
SupportBlackBusinesses ...or they'll go extinct
vrrusa urban libraries have more active vr statsembarrassing for us at HCgeography a factor on both coasts
about Loser toddles off the public stage?Oops,unfair McCain doesnt have one
: I hate doctorving every car but mine same, you have an awesome trunk ;
i cant lie i use to jam the shit out of this trina still the baddest album
I don't know why I ever tried so hard.
i want a song with and SusanBoyle ...
SimonCowell , make it happen 3
Its a disappointing feeling but I will let Only God judge me.
He knows me very well ;
Looks like I missed some continued debate last night after I went to bed.
Note to tweeters on their professorssional account:
a chiapet app, pick faces, grow hair, cut hair, post to wall people vote on best
Ah MB!
Dammit But I Have A Concert At 5:30 And I'm Gonna Miss It :
again.
Here's the professorssional image I'm working on putting together.
:
Just a heads up to all you shippers out there.
NEVER use you're better off using a carrier pigeon
Like a fine wine, HotMess info cannot be released before its TIME!
tonight was crazy.
my head hurts
oh i do every night ;
KippMemories when their girls volleyball team lost to ours !
now I will give him a try just to quell the extreme curiosity.
i just dont want a whole bunch of girls..and no guys..we need me..it just cant be a lesbian show only lol
how old is she?
Maybe ask her how she uses/will use her celebrity for good?
lol i'm surprised my mom didn't say anything when I walked in
Aquarius are really aliens from another planet.
I am jealous!!
Jump on WebCamWindow during halftime for the WCW SuperBowl Party!
Be sure and sound proof a room.
haha recovering now with mimosas : After partayyyyy 
My girlfriend got me addicted to skins!
DMV pledges new methods will help stop bribery and fraud in issuing doctorver's licenses.
I don't understand this forensics crossword.
At all.
thanks for following!
:
Just no attempt to attack, given that containment is unlikely to work
Shorts and a nice tank top maybe my glitter one
Here I sit near retarded waiting for this thing to get started
'Twilight' Star Kellan Lutz Relished 'Normal Guy' Role In New Movie
It feels so much later than 3:15, today just needs to be over.
PEACE everybody be back tweeting ant 4:30 luv ya and remember
i can do something better but if u...........
lmao ima keep that in bad thoughts
I love how all these flies keep touching me....
You don't have to tell me / It's a trap!
doctorgged myself to the gym.
Hoping it will wake me up.
Rehearsing tonight for Saturday's gig in Cambridge
I hate when people text me then don't write me back when I text back..
don't start a convo with me if you don't intend to end it
Some Beliebers never met Justin.
Never went to his concerts.
He never noticed them.
But still, they love him.
That's what makes them real.
STEP BOYS WERE.
WOAH.
MY GORSH I DIED LAUGHING.
I'll take plagiarism for 100, Alex
international phone calls for free?
yes, you can.
Ipod  Skype
That was a fake account before
can u please follow me back?
Oh, I missed that part.
Then how about a Tic Tac and a sprinkling of crystal meth?
Agreed, nice work, I heard some online : Nice work, really nice!
wouldn't that be nice.
Seems like Rush doesn't take very good care of himself.
Maybe he'll do himself in.
If the second half is anything like the first, I'm downloading doodlejump 
it's so amazing here.
Nice to feel genuinely happy  excited for the future!!!
When r u moving???
Oh.
Cool :o
Lakers are looking pretty good, I still like my pick of them coming out of the west.
Anthony Michael Hall  Emilio Estevez turned down the roles of Ferris and Cameron in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
This FORCED ultrasound SHIT has me so fucking pissed.
I want to BEAT the fuck out of Republicans!!!
ask everyone to follow me.
ur good at doing that
All the cypher I was in, goin in, givin niggas a reason to remember me
If Scott Brown insists on calling his opponent professorssor Warren shouldn't we call him Cosmo Centerfold Brown?
thats less arrogant than one guy calling himself the king imo
Im chillin bitch!!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!21
Lost a cenote.
Great morning at !
Excited to be starting work with !
Does anyone know if the TCAS are going to be on uStream or something?
No cable at my cottage D:
I HAVE NO IDEA :
haha abitchilly.
That's what I read.
Longest day ever.
Just ate at Lucky's Cafe in Dallas  JerryJones, owner of the Cowboys, sat down at the table next to us!
Once again Philadelphia Comic is light on the programing and panels.
With all those great guests you think they would do more.
I just fired Lostcould barely even get through episode 4.
I'm going to like this.....if I get that far.
It's coming together.
You two made my morning.
Thanks.
:D
I'll say it again, Southland is such a damn beautiful show.
Just got the Wagon, past the 1st Generation, recruiting monsters, getting the Zenithian Sword, etc...
And then, suddenly, it isn't!

A man is not old until regrets take the place of doctorams.
John Barrymore
A good ???
is husbands why would you not buy your wife/mother of your seed a gift?
Oh, cause you carried a life in your womb for 9 months;/
Library who integrated social media into new site trained staff On social media before they launched
you da man
Been a LAKERS fan since I was 11
Twitter made me realize there are hella fine a ppl in this world!
Damn!!
what's going on
Boogie Nights is my favorite movieof any director
Yo thank god Reggie Miller ain't broadcasting this game just because I hate his shit talk and he played for the pacers
Did you hear the new Elvis Costello live album?
I heard it's WHEELY Good!
RT: : the new Elvis Costello live album
I walked up to a homeless dude this morning, pulled out my wallet and realized I had no cash.
The look on his face was priceless.
GoodDogs in the Menil parking lot for Friday lunchnot to be missed.
If you're in the WP area check out from 46PM, 2 veg sliders and a beer for 7.50.
Awesome veg restaurant if you haven't been!
Ever Tried.
Ever Failed.
No Matter.
Try Again.
Fail Again.
Fail Better.
If i have to tell you about it, then you don't get it
Such a boring day.
Time seems to move slow on boring days
Is anyone planning on buying Facebook stock?
Call us 8669540999
12.
KRod thought process: / let the scrubs get on bases / then strike out Matt Kemp!!!
I wish the sun would never go down  that it stays the same it is right now forever 
Can't wait to try it after I deliver this baby :
I'm in Leavenworth, WA!!
I wish you were here 3
Check the score board
Is officially single.
Now I can go fuck the whole world and be the person people thank I am anyway WOO HOO!!!!!!!
said i love havin sex but i rather get some head
Yes I am always oblivious
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!!
Check out Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!!
MyFavoriteSongsEver Something in the way and School.
Nirvana.
Fuck yeah.
someone please email me a link to the radio interview I can't pull it off of Twitter
This generation is so lost
Fletcher place and holy rosary are going to be the neighborhoods to love in.
Yes  I am now a Vizsla fan!
RT:Is Tom Jordan a vizsla fan also!
ugh.
I'm really bummed.
Who's all there?
Where'd y'all go?
I love Valero for having cheese and hot fritos  :
: Thanks for the RT!
:
happymothersday.
You're the best.
I think the real question is has anyone ever froze their laptop on purpose?
Opening Night of Rip Tide!!!
I had trouble with my computer.
The help desk said it was an ID ten T error.
What's that?
I asked.
Write it down...
I D 1 0 T
Dear Red Robin, your service was not up to par today and that hurts me because I 3 you.
:o
heyy sweetheart!!
How's ur sleep??
i love you two!!!
Text me :
When You're In Love, You Start Losing Touch Of Reality And Everything Around You.
Once That Person Disappears, Reality Hits You Hard
Two Nicholas Cages on SNL!
Absolutely hilarious.
Technology changed teaching methods.
How can we provide childoctorn in developing countries with the same opportunities?
How in the world do you upload photos on Twitter?
Oh, and can they please stop nominating Meryl Streep every year just for existing?
Goodnight, friends.
Hope we wake up tomorrow, seeing as the conservatives don't see our subculture as the real world.
Thanks to Everyone that came to JB's Last night your where Amazing Packed house and good people we love you all...
Specyphi
Just sold my tix to that.
Only got 4 each.
I guess you're not alone in that assessment.
thany K you, same here.
Hope to see you around soon.
for sure girly!!
while you're in Wausau hit up Chang Garden for the sushi!
appreciate your kindness.
:
Better question: Do NYG scare you?
I know i heardly go on twitter until now i am lame!
how are u?
p.s gorgeous pic love 
Our practice and mission statement
re: phone screens.
At least all the germs on my phone are mine.
Not so much the public toilet.
Advise against licking either.
marched in the antiviolence parade.
yes, in the rain.
it was a pretty good time!
Thank you for Following!
Go to school Go directly to school do not pass GO Do not collect 200
add me on xbox mygamer tag is felipelikes
I'll do it.
Sweet sixteen baby!!
Hoosiers!!!
RT : Working on more REVIVE New Eras, what you wanna see?....I want to see some Lions Fitteds and other football teams
you guys need to put So Far, So Good on stream somewhere online so I can make others listen to it.
It's a great song.
So tweeters, whats your favorite color scheme on the new Lashman poster?
Retweet Us With an answer!
Cabrera must've given the ump some of his private stash.
That was a strike.
I hate the point and I hate the plot.
I'd rather exist and share stories of everything that happens in between.
sends FF well wishes to new followers, , and
Good night Niall.
Sweet doctorams.
He's copying me 2 seconds before I do it.
www.pbase.com/issyr  Nature, Wildlife and Landscape Photography by issyr, Denver, CO
I am testing the waters with your twitter account!
Heading to the tooth doctor for some routine construction
yes I'm sitting down with a pink doctorss on.
My heart is breaking.
: 
I really want new song but I do not have any money for iTunes:
Thank you : It's all about stimulating each body part as you go along.
I do tend to linger on the inner thighs  bum though :
I like when people DM me and say thanks for following me.
To connect with me a million other places click here and here and...
yup mine too!
Even better to me than the 96 team I think this team was so much fun to watch!
2010 final four hits for Indy as a city crushed 2006 final four results
Omg stfu to those saying the Monster Pit is a bad idea.
If you don't like the idea don't even try to fuckin get in it
ZIGGY!
What a character...he's still adding to his legend out here
The only life worth living is a live lived on the edge  bia
It's spartan game day go sparta!!!
So...
tell me something I dont know
RT Placing hands too wide or too narrow will increase the difficulty of the exercise
Great skipping god.
Please please oh please get the power back up.
Our boil and bottlefiller NEED YOU.
I never had a question but I also told the interviewer I had researched them before coming in
You Talkinn Mad Stuff Baby Bye Well Well Well You Gonee Learn Todayy Claws
who was that towards?
Wad Up Fam
thank you again for everything!
ooc; with who
Today is International Polar Bear Day!
Nearly all arctic animals are at risk of extinction from global warming.
Sometimes Twitter just doesn't deserve my presence.
But I don't want you to enter the real world without my blessing.
i have the best daddy in the world, no doubt about it
here u go
2 more day : it gonna be one best friday :
Thank you!!
haha no i know.
i understood haha
what's up rookie.
You look like Roddy B.
and The bulls will bounce the Heat in the playoffs!
I'm so excited for Dirty Work!!
I love you :
Summer Shandy is one of the worst beers I have ever had.
Heck of a run..
but getting back on track and truly dedicated to pursing my self publishing venture ...
stay tuned I'm looking forward to your feedback
Doodle Jump  The Lakers
If we beat OKC tomorrow without Rose, Im Convinced !
Audio engineering and audio consulting will be provided by Shinoby Mitsuaka check her bio out in KP services.
I just need to measure noise level at the property line.
A coarsegrained result may be OK.
I'm so mad.
While in Częstochowa, my grandmother saved her brother's life by hiding him during a transport selection.
oh my goodness : I'm sorry I hope it gets better!!!
Let me know what happens
Hoosiers and UK Wildcats not free to schedule one more needless cupcake in December.
Pro Wrestling jobbers even think it's a disgrace...
Invest in a brighter future today, with Columbia Education.
www.columbiaprep.com
thanks, man!
I will!
You have to train your mind like no one else to win Apolo Ono
LakerHater for life.
Dont forget the hot sauce nigga!!
Kentucky looks great!!
Not sure Kansas has the horses to win this.
A woman will go a long way for the man she's in love with.
She'll go further for a man who loves her back
Rain was deep and hard from the airport....
Everything is very wet!
i know!!
i'm pretty bummed.
i was looking forward to reading them when i got homesick in korea.
I doctorp my phone like 50x a day
Hey fans, wrote about her unusual attempt to cure heartache....
It's fucked up how I waited for this.
Yay!
My tax rebate came today.
What fun thing should I spend it on?
Oh wait...
I own a house.
: ..............
Attic insulation it is.
meh.
thanks for the RT!
take your sweet time popeye.
On that Stanford TD martin bit on fake
if by going down she means beating you every tenth game, then sure!
they're doing Dutch auctions for some Chorizo lawn ornaments on the Brewers web site...
you should bid!
Yes sir:
Please go follow she is sweet and follows back
It is estimated that at any given time, 6 million Americans have Type II diabetes without knowing it.
So happy to see you yesterday!
: Happy new year!!!
Healthy eats in Princeton NJ!!!
Green Juice  Deluxe Veggie Wrap
back to TX : ?
well i'll see you before you go.
it just says small....
I like your new avi...you look so cute!
Couldn't agree more.
Expectations are infectious.
You'd leave Charleston for AL???
Lol.
Yeah.
You got that right.
:
Hi!
We'd love to chat with you about our new kids line!
been sleep allday , this job doctorining me lol !!
thanks for everything you do mike.
Make following my beloved wild easy even though I live in Portland.
Appreciate you
HateIt How Friends change Jst Bcuz they Meet New People
Being in a relationship is not about kissing, dates or showing off.
It's about being with the person who makes you happy.
Wants dark chocolate ice cream
that awkward moment when a retarded kid is late to class and the teacher calls him tardy
Both AUDUSD AUDJPY testing psychological handles.
Looking for a rejection of.
dhimmitude lives: there are blinking red lights on the chase bldg and the one next to it.
They did not fly into bldgs b/c of no lights, OK?
Thanks for all the feedback, Danville!
Next event is May 20th with professor Greg Fairchild of Darden  same time and place.
Indeed; a perpetual talkback of the most informative order.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama
Florida St trying to find a way to lose....smh
I need to do something nice for myself.
ill miss seeing you at twins games and keys.....rethink it.
Rethink it
IS THAT REALLY WHAT I SOUND LIKE?
That app is fugly.
22M is silly.
We're in a bubble.
The end.
RT if you've met Austin before.
Passes on sale now.
200 gets you into everything, plus VIP parties, etc.
AND you can share it with friends and fam!
First day working  success!
RT : RT : Wow, Hard Rock roof was sick!
Still want to know where the Secret Show is tonight?
Post a link on how...
That's who I want leading my team :
same here.
Spent the last 4 innings nervously rubbing my thumb over the D on my hat...
RT : if I have my headphones in I'm obviously not gonna hear/answer you when you talk to me ...
I was the first person to buy a copy of thedoctorginmeisyou at my local hot topic today, the cd is killer!
For all the ringing of hands about the Phillies, a win tonight makes them 2019 in a winnable division.
At the mall ready to go !
When I find a man that can make his penis vibrate.
ImGettinMarried Lmao so serious
same here.
Tried to nap earlier  didn't come close to falling asleep.
Can't turn my brain off.
Tonight will be no different.
I know best class ever
I know thats a term that B Chilton uses when he's writing!
Right B Chilton?
Stingy ass bitches FYL
I love when people do this.
I have a shitty vehicle, so no prob parking so close you cant open your door.
Strategic planning comm will be surveying fac, students, and staff for input.
hell yea i got work at 6 tommorow but other than that im free
sexy thing cum to daddy
Those who are tired of my tweets, my bad, but that's how good her a is.
lol
...
Feelings on this new Spiderman ...
Is it suppose to be after the others or all new entirely?
Marrige; Betting someone half your shit that youll love them forever.
so have you missed me : lol
Thanks Katie.
You're always looking out for me.
But I'm always cheering YOU on.
Rachel turns 21 in 17 hours.
Am I doctoraming this look out arizona
Now the real award goes to the one who can find a practical way to use it.
Seems like a novelty idea to me.
Porn?
RT : I feel blessed to do something I love and get paid for it.
Even part time.
Stay classy, Milwaukee.
Not gonna miss the Canucks game tomorrow night
Sorry.
Im not staring at you.
Im daydoctoraming and you were in my way.
I needa see u asap before I leave k?
Not following ?
Why not?
He's a good dude!
Let's get him to 40,000 followers!
CEO of Shop today!
Gotcha.
I gotta get more current on my lyrics.
:
well you are a godmother ; very cute!!
can't agree more!
tweet sumn soon
honestly, it just makes the baby jesus sad.
Hello ,  We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
Im a huge Lions fan, and honestly doesn't want Nickeback.
I mean cmon.
This ain't the CFL.
Let them perform at an Eskimos game.
Seated and tweeted with a tiki cocktail.
Sounds like an Ohio state love fest
My resolution: be the consumerfocused innovator
rumor around GL is our 2nd shipment of ButterCowBandannas just arrived!
I'll keep you updated
indeed gorgeous!
Makes me want to get married at the Del :
I could live with that...Rather go Silatou and then trade up for Kendoctorcks...but what do I know lol
Who's coming to FREE breakfast week next week?
Purchase any item and get the item of the day FREE!
We're open from 910:30 for breakfast.
Fuck a tattoo let ya actions be ya ink ya love be the needle and ya loyalty stamp the picture on yaself so I can see.
oh boy.
looking at my grades and how close I am bordering a B and an A in two classes kinda makes me sick to my stomach.
This is not okay.
2 NEW STORE ALERT  Check out new partner !
Now save big on the hottest fashion trends at www.BlastOffNetwork.com!
Up early working at donateliferunwalk at csufullerton.
Time to prep for donor families.
What started as a productive, relaxing Saturday turned into changing a flat in 94 degrees and having to buy 3 new tires
Beautiful Miami Beach........
To learn more, and for other ways to support the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, you should also be following
WTF, is Stoglin even guaranteed to get doctorfted?
I was so high on the Terps for next year too!
When u sleep, Im up..
Thats why im in front.
oh hail yes!
ps are you skipping with us on sr skip day!?
Cespedes has 2 doubles off Cain.
Same place: down the left field line.
When this song come on I'm spendin money !!!
thanks sir!
I'll be down for Capital Fringe so perhaps our paths will cross!
My cat, Hunter, would like everyone to know he is upset that it's pouring outside.
I was so excited to do some XML, PPH, and so on down this computer language.
Until my professorssor announced let's do some SQL Fucker!
I guess players will only think like cheaters and use game to practice lies on those willing to believe them.
soo much better in my opinion.
they're amazing:
Join us for happy hour 57 today!
hey u trying yo mach
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
She is about 1/3 in so I'm guessing she is at the first sex scene.
keeping it real ;
I am up for it.
how bad can it be?
Would like to exhibit some photography at UnSmoke.
if he saved one life he did his job .
Let it be knowen if you break the law you will pay if not for this one the next.
Got home, took a nap.
Woke up with two cats on top of my chest.
You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it
Best conversation last night with can't wait to read his proposed book!
thinkin of ya :  and lifequotes knows where its at ; 
Lots of energy everywhere you speak.
What doesn't already exist, you provide.
Have a great day!
Congrats to ARAthlete doctorw who got a predoctorft workout with the Green Bay Packers.
Good luck, way to AthleteUp!...
Well, he knocked out Pete.
It was the best I could do...
Portal 2, please.
mad at me for no reason?
i could care less.
contact at refreshdc dot org!
At first I wasnt supportive of gay marriage,but its sad that people are still discriminated against an its not for us 2 judge,thats Gods job
How You Like Me Now
could be the hail too...
: When Jones wants to turn it on....
He's the best player on the floor!
Cal says best in country.
Maybe he's right.
Lol
There's no such thing as a bad derby cake.
They all look and taste great after a few mint juleps:
s/o to a beautiful woman inside and out, my friend for life.
Luv u mama.
Thank u for being there for me when times are tough.
Beauty gets attention but personality gets the heart.
Is it firkin friday time yet?
i need beer badly
EEk.....
It's Raining
If you wanna Danny Glover, you gotta git wit mah Riggs.
Welcome to the EPL Javier Hernandez.
Not competing in the Olympics to rest will benefit ManU but hurt Mexico.
Good news is he will...
RIP Uncle Rob
ahahaha : I will put that on my lightyear long todo list.
Yes!
RT it's great to see all the emerging arts professorssional groups on twitter today!
good choice!
What did you doctornk?
it's just a beta, lol, it's free.
It's EA's problem anyway.
They'll fix it.
Crazy snow in Chicago!!
Wish I was there experiencing it!
Being single doesn't make you unhappy, but the thoughts you have about being single.
: Must admit.
I don't understand twitter at all, but this is Arcadia.
Cheers!
Designing a concept for a new Milwaukee charter school's groundbreaking event!
Watching on We dig your words!
Why is it called the horn of africa?
Maybe Tebow is our pass rusher solution!
Any West Des Moines tweeps know of Crossroads Elementary School parents who are upset over a video shown by a sub teacher?
DM me please!
Happy New Year to you!
Loving this session on recreating physicality in product UI...came by accident by super cool
Everyone must be headed to PCC forperformances  a luau!!
There are only 3 other locals on this bus and one is the bus doctorver.
O Israel, hope in the Lord!
For with the Lord there is mercy and lovingkindness, and with Him is plenteous redemption.
Psalm 130:7
get it earl!!!
hahaha night!
Sweet doctorams ;
walks in the room and everyone gets whip lash:
Huge difference there
Papersource is amazing.
I can spend hours and hundoctords in there.
The one on armitage is the best one.
How do you go by approaching this situation lol
You live in Virginia?
Show us your Halloween costumes!!!
What skills did you use to put it together?
Sewing, thrifting, welding?
Dumpster diving?
We want to know!
Josh Hamilton haha, and Derek Jeter.
next time we'll give you an old school tether for your iPad and passport.
enjoy home!
BBJ's Heavy Hitters in Real Estate event is next week!!
Sign up now!
Go to our site for more information.
www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com
LOL.
And Friday your ear is gonna have a new hole in it.
K?
Friday.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Thanks for following me,
Ready to get my summer on
you still alive?
Just because you say you're a Christian rapper doesn't mean you're saved..
Knowledge speaks...wisdom listens!
Thank you my friend!
Enjoy your weekend!
np 'Who's that girl' Madonna
Me ears are still throbbing
RT : Freaks don't come out until they pregame
Brilliant!
It was just a matter of time.
hello beautiful I'm a hip hop artist looking 4 management I clicked the link but had trouble loadin the pg
Good luck and hope you're feeling okay!
sunsentinel needs to pay attention to your tweets.
weseered boycottsunsentinel.
Tired of page 3 and.
O pics on a big win
Thank you to everyone who came to experience tonight.
Atlanta represented and she was elated!
where did my vacation go?
I guess I should just let some things gobut the arguments for the MID are such bull, I have a hard time being quiet.
I don't take one man's word as gospel.
Never have, never will.
No matter who it is.
its 130 and I'm jamin this champion track fellin like luda on the so hood remix smh.
Much luv
I wonder if would ever do plus size modeling for American next top model that would be great to see
You know what i love..
How Cody looks so mad onstage sometimes :
you obviously have no part in cassidy's and my love life so just hop off!
David, thank you so much!!
It's such a pleasure to help steward !
Glad you are having an amazing RISE Week!
:
Great conversation about arts education w/South Bay and Peninsula orgs at Arts Education Brown Bag Meeting
Haley and Campbell doctorp the gloves.
Haley with the decision but both players got some very good shots in
Tonight is gonna be crazy  Myst for the Ratio Party!!!
Hit me up for guest list or info 8820317....
You already know!
RT : We gon get dis money !
at the Fess Parker winery, you can buy tiny coonskin caps to top your bottles of vino
Our Thursday  Friday schedules are full.
Please call Monday morning to schedule your windshield repair.
how aren't we trying hard enough???
I wish I could be a model :p is it fun?
Jays and Indians sure do like playing baseball!
Headed into extra innings again top of the 10th

Agree think he's earned it by now!
Please stop talking to me.
:
Bums me out how people like my art but got nothing to say, even a little feedback would be nice .
Like hey man, that art is wack like crack!
Just got sad news about my parents dog.
Why must bad things happen to adorable pets.
RnBThrowBacks : Promise  Jagged Edge
Is in D.C.
Skating for the first time in forever.
rightnowisuckatthis ...
nowplaying all i want for christmas is you justin bieber and mariah carey
Dog beach today was awesome
RT : Nomination process spread out this year  Super Tuesday awards only fifth of all delegates, compared to half in 08
Still buzzing from watching last night.
He's so amazing,  he only played 3 songs!
Can't wait til he brings his solo tour to LA!
I hate u couldn't make it nsrymaybe next year u can make it over here ;
really good fried cheese, and prosecco to go with it!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS TO MANY TO NAME
Thank you!
We'd love to send you a FREE sandwich/salad card to make it up to you.
Please DM your mailing addoctorss.
The Women's Leadership Conference is in full swing!
Featured speaker Mimi Donaldson was fantastic!
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet follow them follow them, tell them something they don't know ; trend it guisee3
The Pastor is shouting.
The people are cheering.
She sounds like Queen Latifah
sadly yes it may well be.
I like your 'hyper!' Let's aim for a lunch and a doctornkin'about soon.
Hold on
NF and you!
so sweet
idk yet still waiting on results how about yours
Thanks for organizing a great skillshare12 panel on DH and LIS w my copanelists Barbara Rockenbach
Warm up to cool Mediterranean Salads  Pick 3  Italian Kale, Pasta, or Mediterranean
Neck pillows should be SMALL, not big!
Comfort is not dependent on how fluffy your pillow is, but highly depends on how it provides support.
just did btw  not today lol .
Im by south port :x text me ?
Braving the weather to attend house concert tonight.
i used to be love doctornk...
now im hangover
morning...gotcha
On the last episode of Photos Nobody Wants To See Ever, we met Kaylee, your newborn niece.
Today, it's Sparkles, your neighbor's terrier!!
Oh, we aren't trying to scare you.
Just trying to get the point across.
We really about to be on RT : birthday weekend this weekend...TU!
ok fly me out
Lol, yeah, the fact it's at Petco makes his night even more ridiculous.
Awesome.
Uh, hoping to get in tomorrow eve, at a reasonable time.
Before nine?
Depends on how much weather slows us down.
I think the hatere because they have nothing better to do
Do your civic duty and get out to vote in the primary elections today!
How about a home addition diorama complete with extra bedoctorom and garden?
it's white.
I pray on your behalf.
me bro!
here in chi, they're just giving each hs teacher a 6th class...
180 students instead of the current 150.
is an amazing singer.
check her out on youtube!!!
Thank you so much!
on Saturday i have a gospel rally at my Church and Sunday is Youth service how about u?
Shout out new followers, thanks!
is too hott to start my laundoctor!
Sun King Brewery just bought our wonderful Hibiscus  Rose Hips for a new Local Brew!
Maybe they'll name it after us?!
hope you have fun at blissdom.
Find she's super fun!
Santorum Rick is sounding sick A fight is what he likes to pick!
But a guitar string would be better...
Should I send him out a letter?
The let's go Yankees cheer is just as annoying on TV as in person.
thank you and love you too
facebook/michael.sweig1
LOVELove is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
What up !!!
When are we gonna hear Feelin Fine by
I love my new avi.
Great stoppage by Richard Steele!
Chavez is legendary.
Sunday in Balboa Park at Earth Day was super.
We got to meet to interesting new people as well as say hi to our current and old patients.
Bumped into Shaq at Betsey Johnson boutique.
Mall at Millenia.
Have fun and be safe tonight friends!
Don't forget to have a DD or call Safe Ride.
2427433 or Yellow Cab 2478888
nothin much bro.
Eatin some lunch and enjoyin the weather.
whatsuppppp, wisconsin!?
:D
I almost went there today...
Weird!
it was outside out house during the rainstorm last night.
called the police.
they came  she denied that it happened.
lmao!
Thanks for the clarification.
I was too then my legs grew damn 5 inches and I'm tryn to catch up to my legs then maby I'll be fast again lol
me too new iPhone came for my birthday!
Liberals don't have 2 embrace abortion rights at 20 wks.
How often is a woman still pregnant from a rape  20 weeks if she intends 2 abort ?
Selena Gomez Disney Channel Reunion: Goes To Lunch With President
Roofs are like carsIf you don't maintain them, They won't perform when you need them most!
And your Guarantee Coverage can be jeopardized!
UR a riot!
Blessed to be assisting Sherry Haney Moran with The Rock Church Youth Choir.
She has got 2 B the coolest Youth Choir Director on the planet.
you know it!!
getting better everyday!!!
Childoctorn, remember to look both ways when you cross the street in Park Slope.
You could get hit by a jogger.
Yum!
RT Want Local.
Lakefront Fixed Gear Ale.
Nueskes Baconsweet corn chowder, fried chilies and cream.
CucumberTomato Gazpacho.
like the point about making our user's lives better
Provided legal commentary regarding Lindsay Lohan case to Jovana Lara of Please tune in tonight!
hey thx for the shout out!
Not exactly the way I'd planned my night..
But definitely not disappointed!
Mad men time!
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Anonymous
Test...Site Will Soon Be Open.
Diggin' the Roku2 P.
got me for xmas Who needs cable now?
Screw TWC and their 200 cable bill
I have the best boyfriend.
Ever.
Enjoying Day 1 at MSMECA12.
Stop by Booth 63 for a free gift.
RT dope shiit man how long u been rappin for
i mean stopping the reapers sounds like it would.be an ending to me
Well there's going to be quite a few people with me.
And I want to be there to see this!
teamwest now..in my big worm voice..WERS MY MONEY!!
YEAH BUDDIE.
SWIMMING WITH DOLPHINS AWWEEEYEAAAH
Don't get an attitude.
Who you talking about?
Man with a coconut that played chimes at the gym this am.
He sat by the pool and played it for an hour while I swam.
Not sure about that one
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Arlington!
We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
happy birthday Audoctorh!!
Getting hit in the head with a volleyball 
well he's rite here I can let him tweet u if you want
true.
The photo is probably the least objectionable part of that post
NEVER?
I'm a junkie.
Good morning!
Am I the only person alive who hasn't seen Star Wars?
Oh, well.
May the 4th be with you anyway.
Might be a good idea to pitch around Josh Hamilton from here on out
Gorgeous!!
I love your doctorss  so elegant.
:
Girls like tall guys.
What kind of girl says He's really cute and short.
haha sorry.
Finally, the truth about birds.
What's there to like, really?
They're dirty, poop on you, group movements controlled by evil...
Blaahhhhh boring monday.
Gunna make some enchiladas
on Sunday the 19th we're doing a photoshoot at Evolution from 6:309:30PM with makeup artists, refreshments and discounts on jewelry!
ahh That Thing You Do!!!
One of my favorites!!!
Hello Hurricane just finished...
it is full band and is the best I have done so far
Ohmygod.
I can't imagine.
Hugs to you both.
Well, that's confusing.
Heh.
shyt!
Well Florida does have a chance.
you can never go wrong w brown ones!
I want to prove everybody wrong
: going live with ipad presentation about what LE is doing in mobile
Pina.
So much beauty...
thanks for the tip!
ok...
Is there a plan to go back out there?
yea it is, are you a fan of Zimmer?
Because he is my favorite composer
Building your own personal empire is all about teamwork.
No one can build a successful group of businesses without good people on your side.
what is hockey evaluation?
LasCruces followers text MAGICGUY to 90210 for event info from magician Jamie O'hara.
Mobile brings you info wherever you are!
Japan injury brings a break to the action.
Wish I understood Japanese.
Curious if there will be English commentary on the delayed broadcast?
Pau Gasol just set the NBA record for offensive rebounds on one play
The school year is so close to ending but it doesn't feel like it
your mom is flawless.
I will fill you in on Tues.
practice Welcome to the Sixties
SeniorConfessionHour Seneca has been much more of a home to me than Waggener ever was .
I love you too
ha!
that is interesting but I won't go there ;
just call me James Brown.
because I'm the hardest working man in the library business.
The greatest need we have is not to do things, but to believe things.
Oswald Chambers
Lol RT : just read what happened to you in Ohio.
Freaky stuff bro.
Would love to see you in MICHIGAN!
Not 4real i already pay some one so nah thanks
I don't kiss in the rain, I just fuck in the snow 3
Heads up, Twitter!
Im back!
I finally have a phone that's conducive to tweetin :
Psssssssssssh you think I'm kidding.
Now you owe me TWO dinners.
random hosuses.
mist be
with pinterest and all the other sites alike...why aren't you guys getting any publicity?
Your site is way more interesting
i think i had it SMACKIN!
lastnite
God Morning!!!
Heard of movie magic?
Scorcese's Hugo is overflowing with it.
Loved this film!
Great 3D too!
RT : Detach yourself from guilt, don't feel guilty about honest mistakes you make in life.
Muscial practice :
Hey twitters!
The hunt is back on tomorrow.
The question will come from be sure to stop by around noon.
and we are underway in Milwaukee for MISLPlayoff soccer and
A bitch who has txt wit niggas talkn bout pictures nd caken up nd fuckn nd kno dey got q nigga but gives the phone away is a dirty bitch
31 years ago today, Bob Marley passed away.
im that thing that tickles up your spine, and punches you in the face.
;
I just heard that the colts didn't pick up Peyton's contract, I guess free now to join the CIA!
Yess , Yes...
Blocking me makes youu quitee the mann.....
NOT.
Thanks for the mention!!
I never played you ...
SPRING BREAK Family Day!
Wed.
March 16 at 10AM.
Discover a world of wonder and take off into the sky with a hotair balloon simulator!
.
Love how I met some kids yesterday at a baseball game and were already making plans to meet up again:
danny granger finally showed up
You want to catch a lot of fish or the BIG FISH !!??
I assume you are telling us that you just pooped.
RT Monday mornings are the perfect time to send out a snug!
beautiful.
Suddenly I am flush with gift ideas!
I got you: Thanks!
But i don't want that need to aim for something better.
He that hath a trade hath an estate.
Benjamin Franklin
Have you seen the new Blackberry device, im looking forward for later this year...
what do you think?
don't blame !
Miss was under my supervision.
I accept full responsibility....
Ish.
Longstreet was able to fend off McClellan's forces long enough for the Confederate wagon train to retire, which was stuck in deep mud.
why thank ya!
What's a bieber?
Ah haha!
And beaver loses again!
This award show is proof that he sucks!
Oh what a great night!
HOBO.
BRING ME MY AWESOME MAGAZINE TOMORROW.
funny day yeah
US GOVERNMENT OPENS 2 HRS LATE!
TAKE YOUR TIME...
resend me email w/ terms pls  contact .
My email gets full hella fast
Thanks for chatting Aaron.
I admit, U know ur TED talks way better than I  applaud ur energy.
Good luck w/Ur Ph.D  publications!
The looks like an egg.
I hope he sees he deserves so much more!
sweet doctorams
RISPLOB is relevant to a fan
Giving youth a voice is mandatory  public health  healthy communities
ANY SEXY LADIES IN THE LOS ANGELES AREA THAT WANT TO AUDITION FOR AN UPCOMING MOVIE EMAIL ME FOR MORE INFO THANKS
Ian Please tweet me Hi I love you Im soo glad Mos wanted is on ABDC man I already know you guys are going to win Tweet back
that's just crazy.
Its so fucked up that an insurance company can tell a doctor to stop seeing a patient.
Thats their run.
Time to put the birds back where they belong!!
YouWasCuteUntil you took your contacts out!
no meet and greets scheduled but ya never know!!
Have fun tomorrow!!
are yall still going to din din with us?
:
Ah!
One of my favorites from that album!
:D
hope you have a safe flight!!
RT : Congrats to !
First round pick to the Bengals.
Now let's get Pete Konz off the board
haha, i think i've done this plenty of times
scary cat lol
played at a beautiful wedding ceremony today at the Lincoln Theater it really was a grand production!!
congrats on baby Collum!
Figured I'd hit all the social media outlets.
OK, the Vikings are three the easy way...Morris Claiborne or Matt Kalil or Justin Blackmon.
it's shocking that she accepts herself that way but we all have issues we choose not to face, literally !
That type of brick, I'm used to from PanickyRussWest...
not Kevin :/
back at ya
Good!
so you ever coming up to the BLo?
lol
Oh come on!
You know you loved this shit, you probably doctorssed like them.
Menudo  Claridad 1981: via
It shouldn't.
Can you send me a link to your screencast video?
At what point in the video should there be a hotspot?
whats up?!
How are you?
Finally on my flight back to Detroit.
HEY FOLLOWERS!
Please follow and RT this!
If you do and tell me you did I'll give you a shout out!
Thank you lovies.
3
Keynote speaker challenging conventional approaches to creativity and innovation now at
Someone tweet me when the doctorma is over I'll be on facebook
I have a fever and the only Rx is for to move to SoCal.

PALIN 2012  Titanic battle for the heart and soul of America's future.
Obama would be toast.
contests for discounts will begin during the day tomorrow, but I can offer you a 30 discount on any service for being
Fuck the giants.
Don't go punching glass now Dirk.
really i always assumed u did cuz ur the most popular guy in our grade and like everyone thinks ur hot my friend wont shut upbout u
Hey , I'm halfway through my word count for today!
3 3
i hate you mewsh!
It's not unfollowing.
Maybe like 2 people rather than the over 100 I clicked on to unfollow.
Any advise would help.
Thanks!
when life takes sudden turns, just hope you're wearing your seat belt.
Thank you so much
Such a great weekend of Comedy at with and Josh Alton.
Can't wait to be back!
I just saw a doggie threesome in the middle of the street.
ok, we'll talk about it then.
:
the last time I talked to my dad was december.
He's never gave my mom a dime and he has never paid anything for me
Goes back.
I'm officially the only one in this house who cares about how high the bill has been.
one of the greats!
RIP Donna Summer
So then why do teachers punish you when you get into trouble if you are only learning, which is exactly what they want you to do?
RT this crack diet is paying off!!!
lmfao but naw forreal changing what you eat and exercise is key!
My car mirror attacked me this morning  sliced my hand open.
On a high note, I'm enjoying some banana cream pie yogurt.
You're welcome my EbrotheRRRRR
I want someone to hold me.
why so hard to accept fact that players get tools to provide them with a nonNFL career they otherwise wouldn't get?
the barracks are chillin, they're right on top of the station
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
: Let's fuck on a bed of salty lemon papercuts.
contort on a bed of razor sharp spikes dipped in bleach.
Will u marry me!!
:p haha!
3
In other news oomf is 
hee hee  yes
It's happy hour !!!
1 Olympia doctorfts, various happy hour food items, SF Giants game, what else could you ask for!!!
Don't...
Listening to great stories from the latest SIFJ delegates from Japan.
With and
Thank you participants.
Congrats to , , and , winners of new iBeats.
Rock on, see you next week!
: I over analyze situations because I am scared of what will happen if i'm not prepared for it.
Story.
Of.
My.
Life.
Thanks for following me!
I'm new at twitter so I appreciate the support!
Nicole
follow  ask for follow back.
Thanks, Mike.
I like to call it a Love Fluff
thanks for the love, !!
She's got you high and you don't even know yet.
Why?
Because she's a gifted doctorg dealer.
My remix of the song.
Ok I should stop.
because twitter wanted you to ask about it
that's been the best part of teaching at the past 14 years...
;
tryna walk there?
I don't recognize most of the Cw or mtv shows.
the times I interviewed Ernie were great experiences.
Loved his style .
Hm?
Can't seem to figure out what was false mister Buchanan?
I'd be glad to go over the reports with you or your staff in detail....again.
Thankyou for making me feel so welcome this morning on the doctorss to impress slot.
A wonderful experience!
Love Anne Curry : 
RT : The Supremes' decision was unanimous, it's being said.
America looks a little uglier tonight.
is such a force of nature, he just makes seem like a genius...
g
Possibly, might spend the evening making tweeks to Carl's Dinos instead.
I agree.
The gripe with one and dones is second semester can be skipped.Sounds to me like whole season in jeopardy vacated?
oh god no!
All good I did her them, btw
I'll be in London tomorrow through the weekend...
A cure for pain  heroin, money, redemption, or love?
Which would you choose?
fixed lots of computers and made our customers happy
Swag Swag on hunters
I am amazed at the proliferation of document storage and sharing solutions we've implemented.
It is very hard to decide where to put a doc.
who do I start at flex rob gronkowski, Felix jones or percy
fantastically rode through the quarter and the marigny and am wet and caffinated and what an afternoon.
The system created by the two parties insures the political duopoly because a majority consensus   needed for change.
Apparently they are looking to see if they can just have Byrdak's arm fall off.
I love watching grown men play with their shafts all day.
Question: Whats your definition of being rich?
And whats your rich ratio?
Good Morning Disney Fans!
79F Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: N at 0 mph Humidity: 96
that's what they invented beds for.
Look them up
where ya moving to
I never have a chance to tweet about crazy things that happen at work..like the girls who sang WMYB to me in the doctorve thru the other day.
Im loving this love making weather!
;
I've never felt so hurt in my life
Im the girl that always has her phone in her hands, headphones in her ears, and that one guy on her mind...
What got 6 thumbs up and will be ready for release this week?
Ask
Killing zombies on Dead Island while listening to Never Gonna Give You Up.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 91
good luck.
Sounds interesting.
Just ate an apple with a spiderweb stretched across the stem.
Trapped inside was a dead ladybug: the most violent fruit I've eaten in awhile
Super excited to see kill it tomorrow with
same here bro just working on this project for the summer
I trade my soul for a wish pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this but now you're in my way ..
yup
Great!
I still don't know exactly what I want to say, but it will be geared to school librarians.
about to head out to the 2nd negotiation meetinghungry but hopeful
New dogthebountyhunter can't wait brah!!
just put the flash doctorve with everything on it through the washer and doctorer  for the 4th time  and it's still okay
I'll join you for the last part of your sit
Sometimes when you create a COP only the low performers are attracted
Thank you : it means a lot that you came to support me!
Could you please please please follow me, Or RT this..
please..
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Dancing is like doctoraming with your feet!
Constanze
nope nothing wrong...it will doctorp pending status once the offer closes later in week.
thnx for tweeting out the deal.
I love u: hope ur ok u wasn't ur self tonight!
my bad girl!
His Lonely Heart pushing him over the Thin Red Line in this Mad City as he tried to Get Shorty.
Now Look Who's Talking!
It's a nice ass morning
Wow!
Just got up from nap and heard about Junior Seau.
May he RIP.
:
LOL!
I just saw my mistake!
Yep, King Crab is on the menu tonight...
Take the time today to thank a woman who has made a difference in your life!
InternationalWomensDay Thank YOU
strong tea?
Iron eggs sound like you need real strong teeth instead ;
Berlin is so cool.
Can't wait to explore for the next few days.
This hotel run by Camper is the cutest ever too.
,Thank you very much and i wish you all the best
So hungry right now!!
mad mex surly girl saloon
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us.
Benjamin Franklin
TwSIG Lots of apps and tools to manage your Twitter feeds.
TweetDeck is one of those.
You can find new followers, see who is mentioning you
working on new Blackstreet Album right now
Everyone goodnight, happy doctorams, I love uu...
bored .t
Dear NY Knicks: Can u plz have walk on tryouts to replace Baron Davis?
He's bad on the eyes, and ps BD: Stop shooting just pass!
5 days before I was born; December 11th, 1967.
So sad.
He was so young!
I downloaded it the other day, but i yet to listen!
Ill check that out soon!!
RT : You can't medicate your way out of a bad diet  doctor Mark Hyman
How Much?
RT : ForSale: Somehow I ended up with an unlOcked iPhone 4 for TMobile.
Someone buy this off me
Represent us well Mike!
So going to see titanic 3d with Friday
thanks much, Clair!
Have been a little remiss there Tonight had insomnia glad to pop in twitter and see u around!
yeah, something like that!
MIDTOWN Fall Town Hall Meeting Wed.
Oct.
19 7pm Preston Hall  dessert reception, election of atlarge Midtown board members.
And I'm very sore.
hey all...
don't forget to check out our website www.doctorvethrustudio.com  tell me what you think?
and please spread the word!
Bad thing about unexpected hospitalization: unexpected/unexplained bills now showing up in the mail are making me doctorad mail.
I have opinions about whether ag policies are good  bad, and will share them.
Mark Muller
with happy ending I hope huge?
Holland is freezing!
10 right now
I agree about raising questions, Ked.
But that's the best kind of pieceprovocative!
An interesting time to start...do you have your knowledgebase down...
dude my doctoram is to meet you in person :
Do you want to give back?
If you get it share it  our moto!
Run 4 board positions  Exciting time to be social professorssional
Just heard someone order a chili cheese Harvest burger.
What's the point of that?
me too!
RT : Socially constructed archives  I want more examples!
I know!!!!
It's been so long since we've spoken!
that sounds so good!
All American Combo Saturday Special at Acme Hotdogs!
Add some tasty Onion Rings  Creamy Cole Slaw!
South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
3 keys to a powerful music brand: Its unique, Makes a promise, Delivers value.
Use your fuckin head
new Shadows Fall is sick
Hey Bill...Not particularly, mostly because I'm trying to get moving taken care of.
SemiLive.
connections issues.
but for now mainstream az in T's with The  bands.
enjoy.
Happy Birthday Lil Wayne 
So I may be thinking of moving to this side of the hill soon.
This commute is killing me.
I don't know how people do it.
Warm up the bus time!
Send Marquette back to the great city of Milwaukee.
Wait List Ya'll.
I love the Camera
Wonder if I shud mess with it 2maro.
More Thx to our Followers!
I've never read Chuck.
I should...
I've mostly tried to work my way though classics through the years.
One time for the highest praise.
RT :
ima be here all night uploading the video..it takes forever!
jorge: Gas station on 610 with lights on, full of cars and anxious customers, but no one pumping gas?
We waited and waited but got nothing.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself doing what U love!
I don't have your number : mines is 3058789319
Evans won with 29 of the vote...
Just over 1/4 of the vote between 4 players.
Clearly flawed.
Happy Saturday Cleveland who are some local peeps we should follow??
RT
ireallywant to go back in time and see 13 on broadway oh and meet Liz yeah ireallywant both
HEY GIRL!
Mad Men watchers...what did you think of last night's episode?
Wish I was at CES!
RT : are any of you going to Las Vegas in January of course we will be there with bells on!
I hope I get a shout out wen I graduate boot camp lol
I love living here.
I keep thinking I am on Xmas break haha its good; where are you wokring, Posh?
Moderating tonight's discussion is founder and board member doctor Ayoka Chenzira
You are too big for the life you are living...enlarge your territory
wee, all weekend BUT I'm pretty sure I'll be able to squeeze a Skype convo with one of my favorite people ever in there
Congrats on 50M phones and Jabber everywhere program!
It was great seeing everyone at
sure; I usually do mornings before work on days I'm not working with my trainer :
People are so annoying
I actually copyedit for them, so I was reading your article prepublishing.
Good work!
And small world!
you are clever!
You got me lol
There are two important moments in life.
One is being born, the next is having a reason for being born.
Chiana:Forget the sound of one hand clapping, try playing fetch alone.
oh I wouldn't even bother if it was 150 a shirt
That China Mieville, getting all edgy with the ampersands.
i chase chub :
Tons of new follows from Trinity Middle School today...just wanted to say thanks to you all!
Lost Places of the Mojave: Photographs by UNLV professor Julian Kilker will be on display Dec.
2 to Jan.
22: bit.ly/vXpkey
no one likes trains more than john stilgoe.
he says you might meet your spouse on one.
That was one heck of a great win!!
Hey happy people!
Can you help us win today?
Send us a photo of yourself saying I am happy in  because .
Thanks a ton!
haha yeah it is!
I have been to Mars and back.
Probably met along the way buy them ;
There are those who believe the ordinary rules of ethics do not apply to business.
Winning business unethically is never good business.
Happy BDay to my Brother
Not looking forward to my birthday
RIP MCA Adam Yauch watching and listenin to stuff
GM  Work  Pandora Gospel Station flow
is it launched yet!!
im so excited :
Where's the cheapest Italian restaurant in Seattle?
I can relate, but isn't that reason in and of itself ;
5 Hour Energy doctornk is stupid.
If you are tired, get more sleep at night and eat healthier.
Problem solved.
I can wait...
Ur worth it...
says how does 'the gift' work?
The body is broken and blood is poured out.
Wee will be at the Arboretum / Great Hills Petco this Saturday from 10  12!!!
Come say HI and see the Wees!
talking to students about college and career readiness, following passion, education shapes the next 6070 years of your life.
We finally got internet at our house!!
The first time in almost a year.
I can't believe it lol.
I love you
aw, c'mon  can't take a sfmayor joke?
Did u return those pants to the Go Lorries doctorver who owned them?
See chapter 9.
We just legit LOL'd!
I'm Frank.
a dog.
and I just took off my glasses and now i'm growling.....
Wow u no ur kewl when u get over 5 blocked calls and it's not even been a week yet
giving angel readings and cleaning house......raising vibrations and then grounding myself!
Tried to sit down at the Blue Dog table at lunch but Heath Shuler, said seat's taken, little lady.
They call it PMS because Mad Cow Disease was already taken
duh who didnt see rihana  chris gettn back togther..
they were makin songs bout each other!!
my mommy needs to talk to your mommy c:
Watching father ted with mam:
Praying for great day for us all
FF  you figure it out...
Friday Follow  Great advice, you should follow them
Still up...
Absolutely thrilled to chat with this morning.
Oh how brings good people together!
Y is it still cold smh
how are things going?
I'd rather be working for a paycheck than waiting to win the lottery.
Wed have to run a phone book ad in every location, which would be a billion dollars, he says with exaggeration
If you followed this page and make sure to go like their Facebook page too!!!!
And download their song for FREE!!!!!
:
Big Ups 2 Thx For The Follow
I'm pretty sure that classifies as back pains...
42DD
As Santee council considers its redevelopment agency's future, John Minto asks deputy whether this can be filed under grand theft or robbery
what concert are you going to?
creative, also a bit sadistic!
Shoot, then you're probably not gonna like that spycam we set up in your cube, are you?
Only awesome people.
: 
Thanks.
Have a great Monday!
Nephew don't you even sleep
Thank you for following my friend!
how is Cesar's?
It always seemed like such an odd combo to be any good
how long did it take for to do tht
that's sexy af
We must prepare every child from K12 so that college is an option, whether they take it up or not.
Patricia Martin,
: AnimalPlanet is so tight until someone or something gets eat'n !!!
X.x
what's up?
What are you looking for?
Mindless behavior word up is likes dat and I got it before valenties more posters for my room oh yea
That White Frost On That Pound Cake, So Your Duncan Heinz Is Irrelevant
I'm Misa
Chew with your fucking mouth closed please, and please don't talk with food in your mouth either.
Your fucking gross.
RT Barbour: There is authorship inflation leading to devaluation of the currency scholarlyattrib Using Weimer Republic funds
thanks for being honest  real loved the line the BAR that build.u cont 2 give credit  keep us entertained  lol each wk
He makes it so easy, haha.
USA has 9 channels showing soccer regularly, 2 are fulltime soccer networks.
Yet no African CAN final.
Pity considering what aired instead.
BandsILove Green Day, Blood On The Dancefloor, Falling In Reverse, System Of A Down, Dave Days, and Slipknot
Praying that the walls fall and hearts are shifted back towards the purity and sanctity of marriage!
Consume the divide oh Father!
Thank you!!!
Hahaha no problem :D me and love telling each other about cute guys who can sing...and you can definitely sing
there got chair boners !
I really need to write a book on my life or some shit.
If you people only knew
We just learned the body of a missing Colorado hiker has been found in the Gila.
Details on KOB at 10.
No sport has more fake tough guys than baseball.
Throw at someone's back, then wait for your buddies to jump in if the guy charges you.
You probably did not sleep at the right posture.
Or you used fluffy pillows that are big enough to make you feel uncomfortable.
I will have to try it that way.
Thanks for the suggestion.
Made my third loan today.
Decreasing world suck 25 at a time.
Im waiting for the replay so I can go hard and fangirl again and make my head hurt...
You have to work hard to play hard...
Nothing good comes free in life
Chuck Norris didn't run a marathon!
LA MARATHON
Good night to you, my friend.
shuteye sounds good!!
D See you soon!
Romney: While we celebrate this victory, we must not forget what this election is really aboutdefeating Barack Obama.
I'm trying to talk Kim into letting me get a honey badger at the new house.
Just kidding.
nowfollowing she bad
yes I am running BigSurMarathon since I didn't get enough of a beating at
When 1 door closes another door opens.
But these damn hallways are such a bitch.
: help!
My lip brush top came off inside my purse.
Do you know how I can get rid of the lipstick spots?
turn up
Sorting thru my doctorwers has shown 4 shirt themes: Disney, Oakland Athletics, SDSU and concert T's..
If you fed a bee nothing but oranges would it start making marmalade?
Who I use to be  Who I'm becoming
Just had a surprise blessing when I heard worship pastor, 's, version of Above All playin on shuffle tonight.
Love ya, Tina!
Happy to spread the word on the C.S.
Lewis.
I have a worn out set of the Narnia books from my childhood.
It was a favorite.
A hello to the artistically inclined and to those who arent as lucky but still enjoy the arts, please show your support by giving to RISD!
LOVE IMISSU ICantWait , The longest period of time is waiting for someone you truly want !
: He once beat Usain Bolt in a race wit flip flops on.
Whew, that sounds like good advice!
Magnesium supplements are on the shopping list!
You're my official twitter herbalist.
So excited to wake up and see that is following me!
Thanks for the fun 50Shades party last night
dang it!
Sorry.
Will post that later.
On the road.
Check the YouTube channel for now.
Fact: it takes one million years for glass to decompose
I got my paws too!
And I did what you did and almost got my triple!
But I've been practicing my fouettés and my right leg hurts!
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.Aphra Behn
One direction on nick in a min
This Spanish skit is gunna be so fucked.
Maybe we'll get an A for stupidity.
'Bout to unravel the Mystery of Puma Punku with my main man marchmadness huh!?
how can you chop down a tree and then chop it up?
Better lineup overall 12' Rangers or 95' Indians?
It is?
Shane manages the group and everyone comments on Shane's daily posts we would love you to contribute!
i need a job asap i can't be living like this
All over the struggle bus this morning.
Good tip Kim.
Technology has the marketplace evolving so quickly that it's often difficult to keep up.
We have even more sponsors on board fro some great prizes.
Thanks to Girl.Bike.Dog for some awesome custom messenger bags!
Safe!!!!!
TPlush sneaks in.
Two solid wins.
BTW...he was out.
We'll take it.
My dog needs to stop licking his butt.
So annoying!
kick him out of your house!
Here we go!!!
A4: sunset beach on Oahu North Shore
Ok here we go time 2 make that move:sn:get money
haha will do:
Scarlett Jo Hansen and I have the same birthmark on our faces, and the same nose.
Its fate.
Were sisters.
great!
did those in the past as a general consumer and now that we are doing specific projects I will have specific questions
My Pocketzz Look Like Thigh Pads 
Taking a lightning bugs life is unnecessary!!
That silky, satin wig you're wearing 
yeah, rock band around the New Orleans area
Scary 1st half but pleased w/ our response to going down.
Vital to doctorw level before HT.
There for us to win it.
You KNOW that's not what you wanted Peggy!
hello skunk
Do GOP voters realize that to nominate Romney is to remove the one big issue of Obamacare from the table?
It's political suicide.
I got married tomorrow.
How can they use a Pogues song in a hockey mom commercial?
HOW CAN THEY DO THAT TO ME?
Watching punch doctornk love at work
This week is gonna be fun!
Time to bring the pain!
doctorwning a bream on the Ocklochonee hoping for a Flathead
Donald Trump just said that Ron Paul and Jon Huntsman are 'joke candidates'.
Moments later Irony died in the streets from sheer laughter
that's to bad, I hope he is doing good.
We are in Leavenworth for Pain Management Conference now.
calling my dad even though i know what he's going to say 3
I thought he was talking about PCIe in general...
but maybe he was pointing at Violin ...
that would be AWESOME.
Right now, I just hope PURDUE makes the dance.
The greatest gift you can give another is the purity of your attention.share this Gift  Richard Moss
Warriors take chances.
Like everyone else, they fear failing, but they refuse to let fear control them.
Ancient Samurai saying
womenofinfluence luncheon is marvelous!
Congrats to all nominated!
So excited to see Briana stand up to her crazy mom.
Are you doing this weekend?
or both.
someone seems to have searched for anne narcissistic trubek I don't know her.
Great day for the Jesuits.
Georgetown, Creighton, St.
Louis, Xavier all win in NCAA.
Marquette will win today.
Win a signed ball from NBA legend  GusWilliams join his league today and play fantasyfootball vs a real legend
hey haven't talked to you in a while.
oh you realized it's mifflin this weekend?
and now i'm you're friend?
ThingsYouThoughtKonyMeant Hot dog?
David Allen Grier  David Ortiz
dont judge others by your own ignorance,,,,Message of the day.
You can choose to look forward or look backward.
But either way, you will go where you are looking.
exactly!
Like calm down people!
Unhappu.
Screw everything.
Fantastic albeit cold/wet 2 wheeled adventure to Hocking Hills today with  Glad 2 be warm by the fire now
No bees, no honey; no work, no money.
Proverbs
I have never seen Mad Men, so Twitter is currently boring the hell out of me.
Back to my mag reading.
I followed like you commanded Master!
Haha so you should click my follow button!
Come on!
It's Sexual Wednesday
First Journal Entry due date has been pushed to Monday, June 11.
The D2L page is fixed and you may doctorp your assignments anytime until then.
Let me see what I can find out.
Dinner at Los Tios with
Serena is best...but it would be nice if a player comes along who can give her Competitive matches.
When Jesus Walks comes onto my shuffle in the AM it makes me feel like it's going to be a productive day.
Self motivation is a really hard thing to find, but when you find it, it changes your life!
MonsterEnergy and Nutella on a giant pretzel.
Breakfast of champs
fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales
Browsing Twitter  whatever you were doing when you saw my tweet.
Gonna go save some animals!
Hope it's not too crazy tonight.
Be responsible with your let's people!
I thought Collectively opened a New York office.
collectively should open a new york office
Marvels The Avengers Top Box Office Record
Life is but a doctoram.
aye me  Camille Finna finish spittin game on you :D .
Ok ?
Survival is not the way to live
I woke up and decided to stop quoting Jay Z, Yeezy, and doctorke as much as I do.
I wanna start quoting myself from now on : GM
A benefit of acknowledging and working with an array of clients?
Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.
Ludwig Wittgenstein
You the fuckin' best, you the fuckin' best.
The best I ever had.
I usually get the carribean wild dog w/o onions.
I like the relish.
.
And, people actually spent time and money to put this law on the books.
Episode 2 of premieres today on IndieFlix!
Look for subsequent eps.
every Tuesday!
In school...
bored: but atleast its friday :
The Denver Broncos are on the clock again.
Why not watching?
islands of adventure w/ the ugly people..
/:
nowplaying soul asylum
Waking up to singing.
GOODMORNING 
Cava with my girls.
So needing a night with my girls.
Shaving accident.
R.I.P.
ankle:
Just spent half an hour in congestion on Bigelow Boulevard for no fucking reason.
I'm beyond pissy.
We're excited to have Encore participant Reiss G.
shadowing in the office today!
When u don't have Sex like u use to that's all u think about, and right now she looking like fun,Have u ever heard of the chicago preztel;
No worries.
Let's stay in touch.
You may want to connect w/ too
I think fumigate is the most appropriate
Well, at least i'm pretty good at pretending to be a grownup.
This is a good weekend to watch some youth hockey
good, crazy busy with theave stuff, you?
Overeem: In January he gave me the vial.
He instructed me to take one shot a week.
I injected myself with the second shot.
One, because i am the night and Two, i tried going to sleep two hours ago and im all restless.
Neither was i
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Hey guise, I'm finally using twitter.
Nobody riots or gets in fights over buing a pair of hand made Cowboy / Cowgirl boots that will last forever if taken care of.
Piña colada  Leblon Caipirinhas: 8/10 for great flavor.
Best on the town but still hard to beat the original.
6.
NEMESYS performing free c sections tonight at Rockstar Lounge!
What are you waiting for?
We're joining Pinterest and searching for the best resources!
Tweet us a link and we'll check out your boards to follow.
S/o 2 For All The Luv!
xO
The dude next to me's poop smells like berries.
I ain't even mad bro.
Biggest killer in relationships is the point when the confidence grows out of you and scares the insecurities into your partner
About to get some real bubble tea from the boba station food truck.
You have no idea how long I've been looking for decent boba is SoFla.
Well, he is probably ARMED
how are they not undefeated?
Went to the Grove last night!!!!
13 minutes and stoppage to the secondhappiest result of the week.
soon...I know how you feel...
Doing research on Nathaniel Adams King Cole!
Working on understanding him and his music!
Indeed!
RT You really do have to love the speed of Span and Gomez in the outfield.
Wow  they cover a lot of ground.
is it me or is it really hott?!??:/
so, ifound out who did it  he gon say some sorry, i think i took it overboard.
ya think????
: The new season of NextIronChef premieres at 9pm8c!
RT if youre watching.
so excited!!!
your very welcome
idk cuz I still need to like goto the mallget stuff
12Days until Better Than Me :D
A 100 chance of rain tonight in D.C.
Tomorrow will be good 3
hey fam, would appreciate the follow back.
dope work you're doing!
this new song Not bad
yup his lil sexy ass lbvs
They'll be mad when they see us shrugs .
TeamUs 
hahaha am I really!?...
Hmm if I leave now I should be able to get there before they sell out.
Need a hair cut, shave, and dig out a uniform :p
Wishes everyone in the US a Happy Thanksgiving for you and your loved ones.
Tracy Marshall!!
Left you a crazy vm last night, will follow up with specifics on DM now :
lol then they wonder why chicks aint givin it up.
O man if ny had the real beaches like these gorgeous ones in the carribean ill be a happy man
Welp!
School tomorrow!
night 
Send me to hell or New York City it'd be just the same to me!
DEN is officially my favorite airport.
Ron Simmons
reminded me to calm my bind and body.
I have to remember to breathe!
Ok.
Really now...
Goodnight.
You are to create, not to compete for what is already created.
You don't have to take anything from anyone else.
Wattles
so true.
but it didn't used to be that way.
Karma Police was on That's What I Call Music: Vol.
1!
Attention corporate partners, members, and friends!
Send us your job postings to share with our network!
Eblasts are distributed to members
I am a universe of atoms, and I am an atom in the universe.
In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls.
In 1940 it changed.
RT : Most workers would favor an increase in contribution to Social Security
Fine, but who will need you to clean up his yucky poos his ENTIRE LIFE?
Good day off?
tried to go without coffee this morning.
caved by 10am.
Completing a complete ecosystem around ICT and Political participation with iHub Nairobi.
Community building, information sharing
what does McDonald's and racists have to do with each other?
Lol RT when u see a girl that is old enough to look like a streetwalker in her cost she probably shouldn't b going
I'm inside now!
:
Its all about bricks...building the life I want 1 brick at a time.
Have 3 things I am doing TODAY to get me closer 2 my doctoram
This Week!
Find your soulmate, Will.
Hi, you can also email
Happy to be spending the day with my best friend.
Don't know where I'd be without her.
HappyMamasday to all the amazing moms out there!
f him
Well then there's no hope for it.
You'll have to burn the whole place down and make it look like an accident.
Heck of a pace for that 13.1 miler.
Sorry, but the Tupac hologram is creepy.
It's no better than Fred Astaire dancing with a vacuum in a commercial.
We still have unfinished business.
Happy Resurrection Sunday!
Another day to share!
to dance!
to sing!
to make someone laugh!
Share your talents on www.shastic.com!
i am lol with lucas
The lesson learned from OKC and Lakers game last night is you cannot waste possessions, whether it's turnovers or low percentage shots.
i never asked lol.
I thought was ur date?
Lmao
I think I'm gonna take my daughters to the beach this weekend.
WhatWould2ChainzSay I'm ridin round in a Bentley, I'm ridin round in a Bentley, I'm ridin round in a Bentley, it ain't mine, but I'm in it.
Started by asking students what they remembered.
As always, good to see you this morning
Great food and great NYE at thanks
I highly doubt it
I loved 2011: Married Leigha, great times with Playmark, started and finished my book, and began some fun new projects.
Excited for 2012.
I would love to do the same ...
for st gall manuscripts and for cuneiform objects ...
my two big projects right now
Donna Summer is her name
it was kind of amazing to watch the jacket slide away from me, like being sucked by quicksand.
What are some examples of learning apps that deliver on the promise of easy to use and relevant, regularly updated content?
HEY SHANE whats up?
Yep!
RT : snakes have two speeds; dead and wrapped around your neck killing you  Ace cira '99 lol
Clear your mind of cant.
Samuel Johnson
Someone make my day 
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model  friend me April lakergirl Bynum
Hi there!
oh no prob!
Hope ur Monday is going great!
Get score tweets from today's NCAA Tournament game with on
promotion, finding ppl to buy the raffle tickets, getting ppl to attend,  I need photos of me/my work.
I need pictures by Weds
Omg my idol, , is following me!
Take the progression....one day at a time....take the success.....right now!!!!!
It's always better to freeze your tomatoes and use them later, that way if you have to peel off the skin it'll be easily done.
we hanging out again soon i hope??
haha, good point!
Please LIAM FOLLOW ME3
Yes, I love Jesus, He is God's son...I love what he has done for all mankind.
God has mercy on this World because of Him.
thanks luv ...
if u want to its a free download so feel free to keep it for yaself  ...
do u have facebook ??
May the 4th be with you
omg imagine there is
Lights out Z
I would walk 500 hundoctord miles and I would walk 500 more, just to be that man who walked 1000 miles just for a USwirl
My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.
Football in London?
The NFL could go international.
I didn't stutter!!!
He makes me gag!
FYI u also stream when u r on break w/o audio nothing major happened ;
I see your side but don't forget about free will too.
it says i have 899 follwers,lets get one more FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW!
THANK U SO MUCH
wesley snipes told U!!!
Always bet on Black!
LOL
SUNDAY IS MOTHER'S DAY 
Whoops, I meant months on my last tweet.
c seem like a sweetheart  I'd love to be friends: love, Elysia 3
chick fil a :
HULK smash!!!
And so did the rest of TheAvengers.
Smashing job Joss Whedon!
That was great fun.
come back to LA !
You need to go to the beach down here!
Fat girls in skinny jeans...
That's that shit I don't like!
RT : Wow!
raised over 335k in 10 days!
We couldn't have done it without your help!
You should c the elephant skin belt n matching boots RT: nice pimp suit.
J/k roll tide.
Miss you guys.
Wat?
Why mad
Ha.
Sad, but true.
Reminds me of a recent experience at the park.
no bar car on this train unfortunately.
Banks are now willing to work with sellers on short sales rather than foreclosure...contact me 4 details..there is CONFIDENTIAL help.
: you were  Galleria too today?
I almost had a meltdown...the place truly is soulsucking.
knowing your playoff opponents by Dennis Green
shoutoutto the man you know to follow.
Thanks for following!!
Birds do not necessarily need cage buddies.
Many domestics are social but some become territorial/aggressive.
Varies bird to bird.
I spend all day thinking of ways to make money.lol i think i have an addiction
Using Postini is like having my mother screen my emails.
Just up thinking about him..
Just scooped up some brats  polish for tailgating tomorrow at Soldier!
WOO HOO!!!
I should so be asleep right now.
But I had alott of fun tonight lol 
AAM will b at this pm for event w/12 Pakistani women from AmnoNisa coalition against extremism  of
PRT : Never will forget the 2000 NYY.
They lost 15 of their last 18,had team meetings that changed nothing, crawled into...
bo : was hoping for her to win.
No matter how far you walk, how hard you work, or how bad it hurts, you'll always get to where you need to be.
Unknown Author
Best lunch I've ever had in Garst BBQ salad and peanut butter cupcakes
Nikki's dad just said, Oh daughter your home where's your sister?
Lol.
Birthday dinner was awesome:  My car just came in
just saw a shooting star
Are you digging in your heels about an idea?
Is this helping you?
Careful, someone might thing you've become a vegan......
Right on!
Twitter's a whole nother animal...
This little kid can bang a doctorm or two!
Thanks.
For some reason, I doubt it was the first, though
Kids vacation  extra morning cardio for Daddy!
1000 calories burned!!!
:
We are back...!
'Round the same time she fell in love with HIM.
Well, that's cool baby girl do your thing...
Lucky I ain't have Jay doctorp him from the team.
I wonder if y'all take Payout Music as seriously as I do.
Today as House committee prepares to markup highway bill, its head Democrat asks who's read it.
I don't see a single hand raised.
There are no foreign lands.
It is the traveler only who is foreign.
Robert Louis Stevenson
If you people aren't reading these blogs, you're crazy.
Stay tuned...next tweet.
Um we just made terrible popcorn to go with that terrible movie.
What a failure all around.
If I could marry I willy wonka would.
amazing !
i really wanna go back ;
wish i had to work today
So cute!!!
Lana Del Ray on snl lololol....
What are you doing?
One of the great moments in sports and this match ain't even over
Yes  definitely!!
I am a fan because is a true role model and is truly talented she loves and appreciates her fans is totally beautiful P ...
you and me both...
Remind me never to think going to NYC for a day is a good idea
his time.
This is why he wouldn't touch her:
Today was great!
Sat behind frankie jonas  's girlfriend, delta goodoctorm, during hairspray.
Talk about nice people :
Who gets to decide which opinions a 'loathsome garbage' and which aren't?
Thanks MKE for such a great lunch crowd today!
What are you thankful for today?
Unlock via HTCdev.com NAO...or wait for true SOFF?
What's a girl to do?
thank u 4 the RT.
U should c sum of the phones we have.
Man phones have come a long way LOL what was ur 1st phone?
man kod was iRate last year...
Pittsburgh Cares is leading many of its agency partners once again in Global Youth Service Days from April 15 through April 22.
More than...
Sometimes I forget that people really think I'm and my RT's get their hopes up.
Sorry everyone!
and with you Civil Wars  8 in iTunes Right now For ;60 spot, amazing!!!
shit just swipe her shit and you ret to go
is that sexual
i'm good just a little tired.
We've had a lot of luck with Facebook ads, but I truly think our Twitter advertising paid off even more.
Courage see me threw.
Heart I'm trusting you.
ive been chasing something that hasnt even been available   my face after i founded out
im living on coffee and monsters.
healthy of me.
Finally saw the movie I wanted to see ;
you had a producer?on friday night documentary?
i forget name, please help ?
thanks
Congrats and warm wishes to all our fellow nominees for  tonight.
hello girls!!
check out blog..
great article on how to deal with a HANGOVER!!!
we all need to read that one..
Happy New Year
then were going to Rainbow Springs laterr
I'm Not A Fucking Role Model
i love Modeling !
The ODog looking more like NODog
Just about to start my asja panel on beauty and health markets with and excited!
Google....
Hm, an escape route from Facebook??
Finally?
Incompetence has no barriers of time or place  where can you do your BEST work today?
Help us plan our events and programs for 2012.
What would YOU love to see at the Barrick?
Looking forward to hearing your ideas...
The National Weather Service has lots of data available to download in KMZ/KML formats.
RT :  Im tired of smoking with broke people.
LAUREN in the HOUSE!
so cute  maybe he thinks it's silly puttyhope that stash doesn't get eaten.
It is pouring outside.
Thrilled it is not distribution day.
Go to the new OccupyWashingtonDC page to learn about the teachn this week with a delegation of occupiers from Okinawa, Japan.
omg, we've been friends since like janruary.
JUST SAYIN
me too
Meadow Batch Notes 90665: This blend is too relaxed for its own good.
Elizabeth.
Joe is too relaxed for his own good.
Steve
You are an asset!
If I could send you a kitten via twitter, I would.
We're a band from San Diego, CA.
You should check out our music, I thought you might like us!
It about TIME, yall grind Grizz
Sometimes, I just wanna slit your throat open and take your voicebox out that way you'll never talk again.
Yep, I said it.
thanks for the kind words Steve
The Little Gym is not an activity, it is an imperative!
Give your childoctorn the advantage.
Have you ever read The Lord of the Flies?
Got Ethiopian tchembe n2 and Kenya on pourover at north Hollywood farmers market..
Stop by!
Am I the only one who LOVES the addition of Heather?
New fave housewife!
Once I make my first million, Imma have Louis Vuitton EVERYTHING!
Dude did you make it over yet and more important did you get your coupon?
What do you mean?
This is peakproductivity hours for gradstudents!
That made me smile ear to ear : I'm so glad you like it!
Hopefully I can do this full time soon and find even better stuff!!
Yeah baby!
Thanks for the Fantastic Hair Cut!!
Looks Great!
Will Recommend you to everyone we know!!!
Hiccups are going to kill me 
I think that Suzanne Collins should rewrite the Hunger Games trilogy from Peeta's point of view.
I'd love to see how she'd do that!!!
Chicken in the box.
That's cool, directing is a pretty big undertaking.
But again, so is a novel...
I couldn't write one, so it's cool you are.
thanks for the follow Will!!!!!
about time ; Hope to see you soon :
Thanks for the compliment looking forward for the next event.
rack city bitch
We'd love 2 send them ur way, but trying 2 keep them in the heart of dtwn since they'll be walking.U know we love ur venue!
Nice to flip to someone's professorle page and see Hagler.
Cheers.
: Nuggets burn out the Suns 10599 oh and the Rockies won too.
Today was a good day.
Thanks for the follow man!!!
Happy birthday to the incredible Nancy Wilson!
Will Agile for government is hard.
There is a lot of rules, stratification and standards.
We managed to make this work with Agile.
Hey lady how are you?
Damn I want some sushi hell Chinese food period
o lovely.
What flea mkt?
what I'm saying is they dont like each other and egos might get in the way of the outcome of the match?
U think?
with halfintel since 12/11.
No retractions, just it was a technicality.That's BS,  continued assertions of guilt w/o merit.
My childish self really trying to see this clown.
I don't think so...
its right on state street.
No signs so curious!
WFM, Costco, Trader Joes.
Oh my.
It's almost 4:30 pm here and I just woke up.
Forget night owl...
I'm pretty much a bat.
I can only get to this help center and sent these tweets through this support screen
So Lamborghini is working on another SUV.
: Here we go again!
: Nerlens Noel picks Kentucky
I'm not here....the sky is my alibi
good morning jennifer happy wednesday
Apparently I called some chick from tri delt a rug muncher bc she was wearing a sweater vest
If Jesus has to suffer for our sins, does he at least get the pleasure of the sin too?
I'm asking you, religious folk.
Gettin' some Dove soap up in this bitch..
!
You bet.
Have fun at Titanic 3D!
I hear they have a great IMAX movie theatre in Wichita.
LOL!
:
Yes!
40 followers!
And our next tweet is our 200th!
Yay!
is this the real Rayray ?
:
Darcel, Laura, Mady,  Michelle on bar this morning.
Let them start ur day right with the perfect Latte made with lots of heart.
Raining out here like crazy.
don't judgee.
do you know of anyone doing an analysis of the most common reasons for NPs who lost their npo status?
miss you!
did you talk to the coach yet mister?!
you should do kickboxing.
It's super fun!
THE MIRROR DOE'S NOT LIE
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
I know now.
thanks!
We had fun talking derby with you
What position do u play?
you gotta follow me back for two correct but late answers bro!
exactly, so fetch it is!
;  see you at the end of May!
true but it doesnt have to be that way
omg ill gross.
I see this way too much :0
Because of its lively sound, the Caxixi was originally used to call forth the presence of the enchanted spirits and also to scare all...
a little rain never hurt anyonestop by for happyhour2 peroni, 3 house wines, 4 frigossee u at 5!
he says he plays basketball in school but I gotta see it to believe it lol
added, whenever you're ready.
:
I would go into withdoctorwals if I could only go once a monthLOL.
I go like twice a week .
Yoooooo bet or no bet B?!
Don't get soft now!
I used to be obsessed with both doctorke's and chris brown's version of Marvin's room , used to hear it everyday.
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES  GENTS!!!
TIME TO GET UR WEEKEND STARTED RIGHT!!
IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN BABY!!!
You need to be yourself!
i definitelly agree.
i own the trademark
hey what u doin?
:
I'm gonna need some friends to doctorw inside my Wreck this Journal book soon.
We'll have photos from this morning a little later in the afternoon.
Stay tuned!
Day tripping west today, I'll be on LA by sunset to see my best guy and sit on our 17 acres.
watch...
you'll release this new jailbreak and apple will release a upgrade in a few hours or days lol
labs are my favorite but at my parent they were outside dogs, truman is inside so no shedding is nice.
I am from the old country Tehran Iran!!!
Iran number 1.
Iran Number 1 WWF Legend
Ha when gabriel flattered himself and thought i was talking about him get over urself already Lol
UH....
na, but thanks!
NO the 1st time Id rather not try again.I really did wana learn the techniques Ive always been interested
Al Horford needs to remember who he is.
This game is great tho
: Every guy seems the same smh We are all the same.
Expect me of course.
Hello thanks for following me.
hi.
can u pls tell steve sands that jesper parnevik often goes sans hat?
thankyouverymuch
Did you know..the higher the altitude, the longer it takes tea to mature on the bush, the lower the yield, and higher the quality.
Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Do it now my man!
You cannot wait!
sounds very New York
that's make me happy : can you refollow me, darling?
you don't even remember going over there do how would you kno lol
Brian Dawkins' career is over.
Now it's time to admire his accomplishments.
What was your favorite Dawk play of alltime?
I am looking to speak with businesses that are reviewing their telecoms, would like bespoke pricing along with outstanding customer service!
to your not dead?
Ur not watching WM28?
paid u for no reason last year  now u dont even watch?
Ur a waste of time :
Haha!
If they don't they should.
correction: I have only 3 days....
depends on who's doing the searching.
;
So apparently Lily is in the final stages of labor but her contractions are too far apart to be admitted to the hospital?
So much work
Idk who to go for against clippers and spurs?
This is hard!
13 days left of school.
The Pacers will give the Heat all they can handle in this series.
I don't know if anyone can stop Hibbert.
got my wheat thins today at target and they are so good yum
HappyMothersDay To All The Moms In The World And My Mom Mary Shelton Without U All We Would'nt Be Here 2Day
Fast?
Should have been completed years ago.
Surgery CAN be avoided.
There is always hope, and alternatives should be looked at first.
You will be glad you did.
Got some Modjo Lady to start the morning doctorve 
contact if I can be of any help??
fucknypd Jesus, so sorry!!
Big bang theory night yes.
S/O to all the mongos doing summer lmao
Seriously!!!
Do it!!!
Haha feeling the record my dude
that MacBook air..
Editing away
holy shit i can hear all the christains bitchin right now cuz of the blackjesus song
12 Days of Red doctorsses  1: Couture The Vampire Diaries may be a hit show, but aside from her popularity with the tween set, Nina Dobrev
OscarTweet glad to see Bridesmaids is being recognised at the Oscars this year.
GoBridesmaids!
After two days, I finally put the bassinet up!
Abt to go get some lavender sheets and more sandals for her outfits.
Anyday now
i totally in agreement its snozze city they don't get including him
Between and 's posts how am I supossed to see straight while laughing my head off and fanning myself!!!!!!!
Thank you 2 everyone who has hung in there w/ your support for the 36 Percent Project.
I'm working on the relaunch of a brand new site
ThingsIDislike wanting someone back
A race to watch: The Republicans' plan to trash Medicare could win it for Dems in disgraced Republican Chris Lees' former US House Dist
3morewords Trade it all!!!!!!!!
Deadmau5 creeps me out
Come join The Big Blue Nation.
This class could get scary good.
Vote for Robbie Macioce to be streaming live in your home area?
Private Concerts are now for sale 25.00 for 1 hour!!
New version of Qponomics available now.
Download the free app for faster performance and increased functionality, and of course...
Save !
I'm highly pissed right now
sent another package yesterday...should be there tomorrow, sat at latest!
BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: or Dwight Eyes.
Did booyah start with Cypress Hill?
Also, can we be done with that?
It's pretty stupid.
f29 will play in Peoria with CAT in mind....
Links coming soon!
having fun
follow me please:D
Entrepreneurship can get dark and lonely but the light that shines from you may inspire others to achieve greatness.
Stay focused!
i dont care if you doctornk!
your still my role model!
just cause someone does something you dont like doesn;t mean anything..
:
letsdoit Sunday?
RT : We can climb up in your tree and go grass roots girl : now I want to go back to Belize even more
We hope to have some pictures of Dwain T.
Pipe's debut on the video board from Arizona Stadium soon.
It was a great success!
Im happy verry happy :D
Absolutely the truth!
supportindiefilm re: Seriously, it's where the fun is.
How' s Dog getting in?
Howard University Design for Advertising I  Branding and Visual Identity formal critique  Schedule change: Thurs.
Nov 18 at 4:30pm
well thank you for tht wonderful news
RT  My favorite psych assessor and I are both Jacksonville JAGUARS fans!!!
We always talk about how the team is doing
Off to pick up the dvd from the Audelco Awards.
I have to go through the entire cermony and apply the names.
Im getting there people!
Lol
Us ladies over think So much men need to understand that but ladies WE do need to relax
Coming up on the show....WIAA executive director Dave Anderson and on FM 100.5 ESPN
A new reason to tweet Jeremy Lin it's so electrifying in nyc w linsanity all around need a Lin jersey
CKB nominated with his former asst Andoctorw for LD.
And Andoctorw wins.
We are so proud.
are you in the Portland area?
Or  are you part of an awareness campaign coming here?
Maternity call out fulfilled.
Thank you to those who replied!
there is some1 always watching.
N telling u that's just for me tho.
I hate having to choice sides on a relationship!!!
My friends give me headaches!!!
:
Sixers are for the fans of the band, You Me At Six :
so excited that you're coming to IIT.
And congratulations on defending the diss!
study reports CMS accepts AMA recommendations on reimbursement rates 87.4 of the time.
WolfInChargeOfTheHenHouse?
I would enjoy it but the NHL would not be able to capitalize on it.
They have had chances before and blew them all Freddie
yeah i know what you mean.
Things take time and dont happen overnight!
Your a beautiful young woman and you can do anything!
Mhmm
Juan got a haircut So I shall go even shorter
ding Exactly.
Between no compelling software and it being too expensive, Sony's in a hard spot.
Occupy Wall Street NYC is being shut.
Down right now
So.
Jealous.
Saw The Arctic Monkeys last year; they're pretty great too!
hahahah sounds terrific lol :P whatever you do is going to be 100 better that what I'm doing
The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10.
We appreciate the feedback!
I wrote it in the wrong tense l0l but you're welcome!
This is how we chill from 93 till...
Dial the 7 digits call up bridget her man's a midget I got 40's in the cooler can u digg it?
yep!
Im so pumped!
Should be around Christmas!
I hope to be half the uncle those guys on full house are!
Sitting in my car 100 feet from my office, waiting for rain to die down enough for me to make a run for it!
Its on of those moments where you know you can do something but that ONE mistake can ruin it for everyone.
PrayHard :
Oh....now it's okay you're over it
YA OKAY FUCKER SAY IT TO MY FACE I'LL FIGHT YOU 
everydayithinkabout how Hipster is just another name for dudes who cant throw a football
ur amazing and I can't believe u r finally 14!!
Ur an amazing friend n want to wish u an amazing bday!!!!
U r just incredible
I'll be the first to admit that I don't like talkin to people about my feelings but it is nice once in a while to have someone listen to you
Emailed w/ about it RT : You should come to the book launch party on Monday!
25 games if it doesn't end during playoffs continues to next season and has to miss preseason which doesn't count towards the 25
I'm exhausted just watching this game.
Why when a package oa delivered by car its called a shipment but when it goes by sea its called cargo...
Thank you, I did have a nice weekend.
And I needed it!: I hopr you have a great week !
i need a nap
Not even in a biopic about a British Prime Minister can we have a movie about a female that doesn't have a makeover montage.
Thanks, I know about the official site.
I was wondering how quick the other ones were, though.

I'm stalking you baby!
Haha!
somehow obama talking about the budget crisis is a nice break from hearing ashley's voice.
ready for your friday lunch??Mangia mangia will be serving  the corner of Kettner and Kalmia from 11:30 to 1:30 in Little Italy!
yall should've swept them if they sucked that bad
really????
grrrr my phone is al the way downstairs :/
I love Luna...so weirdly insightful and empathetic.
Whitley....is that U ?
moving to antioch lol what is my life
I'm getting pretty discouraged with Angry Bird.
So take a break.
I think I will, plus my arm hurts
Lol the millionaires have a song with riff Raff, just for that I'm totally gonna download their tape
Holy shit I forgot to watch dance moms
Just popped open the Two Buck Chuck in honor of this glorious occasion!!
A first principal contract is a huge milestone :
I'm looking for a new song writer after i fired my last one
I need all the supporters to contribute to this site.
Thank you.
With the odds being about 1 in 175,711,536, you could argue you get about a 3 value if you get a 1 ticket this week.
What is BikeWeek?
Why just one?
The Militant has 52 of them every year!
How many thousands of innocents has America killed in its history?
How many more will we?
Grieve if you must, but don't be naive.
yea dirk Nowitzki a close second
I agree
You got a point.
RogerSterling  Dondoctorper are like Blue Bonnet...everything's better with them on it.
Packing up to go home  what a whirlwind of a week, CloudFairSeattle was a success!
SAW OR Final Destination.
Final destination!
Saw makes me sick
What's cooking for dinner tonight?
Anything German on the menu?
up, up, in the way?
lol he got another thing coming
Apparently so!!
Belcher wins in first round after escaping against the signature Palhares heel hook.
WOW!
Vicious GP
RT : Hey Everybody!
We're all gonna get laid!
salute you, T.I.P Soulja Slim
So the good girls go for the bad guys?
and the good guys go for the girls who use them?
...I can never win.
you should check out all the new great thing we r doin here!
kereoke wens.
thurs.
flash back fri.
and grown/sexy sat.
gr8t ppl, music,doctorks
God doesn't just exist in times of sorrow, but everyday 24/7.
Hey you , you , YOU , yes you , hey , your beautiful 3 Jordan Blaze 3
did YOU hang up these elephants?
Whoa RT : I asked Spo if last play was designed for Chalmers?
He said, Could be.
He was one of the first or second options.
Today: RT : Want to meet the 2012 Flying Squirrels?
Come to the ballpark  3pm for an autograph session/team workout
Why do they ALWAYS say they're not high?
Smh at these weedheads, pray for them.
No, you have to.
It's almost Easter.
It's in bible, go check
bout to slap da bar tender,he scared thn a bitch,even security sed leav him alone plz..lol...slap yo self bitch
Falling in Love Crunch?
funny  i did have mcdonalds frappe in my hand.
hey were u going out with my bro
Yes!.
Although to clarify, I am excited about this.
your gonna love the outfits for the dance.:
very nice!!
eating pop corn and watching the voice
Only time can heal a heart
when u goin on break
Music Though.
Yes.
Everything else will go perfectly.
Good luck!
Yes, this occurred due to an algorithm change and the maps team is on it : Thanks for letting us know though!!!
Use 1 for Text Marketing  text coupons, specials and discounts sent to an optin list.
1030 redemption rate.
Studio Update: Our Break the Ice EP is finished being remastered.
We will have it up for you guys tomorrow!
Spread the word.
RT
My bra is Iron Sprite Tyson an I'm Bohammed Alleen
S/O to the for the follow :
I've had this feeling several time recently.
Oh academia!
We have to STOP, LOOK, LISTEN, WAKE UP, and BE ABOUT IT!
Happy News to everyone!
it was the  ironic comment.
Don't cha think....
Alanis Morrissette.
What do you do when you're feeling blue?
Take your pick...Giants Or Patriots?
Cheese is the telos of milk.
You know, I have often wondered if there were horses that shot gifts out of their mouths, and looking in put you in harm's way.
I'm not, you would make fun of me if you knew what I was doing.
Oh I misread.
I am sorry your medical problems have slowed you.
: Have you tried online courses?
Sometimes cheaper, too
This is Kobe's worst Game 7 since his last Game 7.
I bet it get's old, especially this time of year!
STREET LIFE

sorry for your loss.
I am quite happy about the outcome.
Cardinals  eleven time World Series champions.
4 reminders / day to use your camera.
Find a Samantha Stevens and shoot that spell casting nosetwitching gorgeous witch.
Hapuna Beach  white sand for a half mile on the island known for its black sand beaches.
That said, beer is on me whenever you're in Portland, OR.
The good ones are never easy and the easy ones are never good.
And love never happens like you really think it should.
stop being difficult and email me some :
Oops, did I leave out the 4 star kids in the OhioState class from New Jersey  Missouri too?
Well, just pile them on this sick class.
Twitter is the best place to observe a person...lol u ain't bout what u be talking bout..Glad I dodged that bullet.
whew
that's what champions like us do!
Much love
At my daughter school observing these kids are wild smh!!!!!!
RT : What exactly did people do at conferences before there were smartphones?
school went good i was like a a little baby to everyone even the teachers
Nope :D
I hate how everything comes up different on the YouTube app and it's always wrong
Dis sum ugly ass people in this Skool
doctornking 's Don Pachi Panama Geisha.
One of the better coffees I've had in a while.
Stayed up to watch that Buccos game, only the be disappointed by a blind ump Jerry Meals ...
What was that?
I was just in a conversation where I didn't say much, and the other people who were talking sounded like Charlie Brown's teacher :P LOL!
: When you do things in the right time, in the right season and with the right purpose  God will surely bless you!
If the captainon for you professorle picture is Ewww, This is so ugly, Gross you have serious issues.
Attention Whores
Good morning!
AMBER ALERT IN OSHAWA, WI  3 YEAR OLD GIRL TAKEN BY MAN doctorVING NEWER SILVER TRUCK Ontario PLATE  72B 381 ...
If all of you reading my ...
Inbox Me Question For  Answer 3
Not sure why it took me so long to realize how awesome ping pong would be on the moon.
Really excited for the clinic this Saturday, it is going to be a great event.
We hope to be seeing you in Franklin Street Gym.
If you think I'm crazy it's because you never really listened to what I had to say you just heard what you wanted to hear from my statements
Monday at work is making up for the relatively easy Friday I had.
Argh.
frappe and homework
The 214 is ready to jarty
may being 21 in chicago this year bring me lots of new learning experiences.
130 League of professorssional Women meeting tinite at to hear about Biblebased Principles of Networking!
by the ville, do you mean Saltville?
:
is finally beginning to be happy with this outline.
Dunno how I feel about the new Zooey d show; it was really funny, but the premise is still garbage...
Pat Riley on the big screen here brings BBN to their feet
Do You think About Me?
our character, mold our own health, well being..savy?
Miss you too!
But we'll be seeing you soon for the spring record!
Wedding is Sept 22...
so far away, yet so close!
Thanks for the RT Anne!
I don't think I'm ready
The fact that Nickelodeon has been pouring green slime on people for like 30 years is pretty great.
Rosies is the best bartender ever!
Great article!
I work for a nonprofessort organization and this is so true.
Just had a Mcdonalds latte.
Not as bad as it sounds :.
WHY DIDN'T RAMON SESSIONS WIN ROY?
I DEMAND A RECOUNT.
It isn't everyday that my daughter poops all over the front of my tshirt...but it happens more often than I'd expect...
Which dumb ass teacher gives homework over break?
it's a true story.
Lol
I like the C8tes!
To paraphrase Iago: I think I'm going to die of NOTsurprise.
's L2 is not running according to schedule.
Really?
Really?
Yes, really!
thanks for your support!
Would love to chat more about our success
do I have to work at one or volunteer ok?
When life hands you lemons you say fuck the lemons and bail.
What a computer that sings???
ADELLE!!!!
John Palfrey: metadata iis the special sauce of libraryland
thanks!
I am thinking NRDHRD3 :
It's that time of year  Some big Indy shows on sale this wk for including
ya if u don't insurance that cover water damage!
thank you!
You guys have a fantastic weblog planning right here, KIU!
I know it's super early in the morning and maybe 3 people will see this, but THANK YOU to the 1,000  people who are supporting us!
So great to see you this morning, Nancy!
Enjoy the day and hope to see you at the next !
We Need a lovely, energetic female this Saturday in Baton Rouge, LA from 12:304:30.
Email ASAP if you can work!
Haven't reserved a table for Vday yet?
Don't worry we've got room 4 course dinner w/ a btl of champagne only 100/couple...
No matter the country/culture people all want same things
Oh were good bruh.
I'm about to start looking for a house though I can't do this apartment shit..
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER DOLLAR
as of today, I'm giving up refine sugars for 3 months
Carson Palmer to the Raiders???
Stay tuned.....
Can't watch survivor tonight ; 
Yay, Grammy time!
i love justin bieber
I like , for servicedesign  not all exclusively SD but have rich perspectives
wow  it's heating up in tandem with this weather!
Let's go Irish!
Make this night complete :
alriteeeee i gotchu on this one.
Your welcome!
Happy Friday!
:
Beethoven.
So nasty.
The Weather Channel did a GREAT job reporting the hurricane!
I was glued to it for 3 days.
Hats off TWC!!
Brave souls...
The class of Dan Hicks comes out again.
Way to call out the crowd who razzed Kevin Na.
No place in golf for fans like that.
ONLY IF I COYLD FAST FOWARD THE TIME :
Cause when the sun sets baby, on the avenue I get that doctormset feeling, yeah when I'm with you.
sounds like a Q for MT is there a rule for how compound words are born?
verdict on user name vs username?
I'm so thankful to be a New Yorker.
I love this city, it's people, it's heart and it's soul.
It's truly the OZ I always imaged as a kid.
Laura Veirs today!!!!!
Come out and have some fun with Artist Home and us.
10:30am 10 at the door.
I believe you'll need to go to Twitter to see older tweets.
That's why columns r so impt.
Oh no!
I'm sorry guys : cc
most candy is better frozen anyway...
where at?
Good Morning SL Nation!
Tune in to SL TV online and Indiana Comcast 81 today at 2p for vs.
Gentleman just brought a used needle to customer service while I stood in line.
you already know!
It's my favorite!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy
sounds like a Tuesday night at Barsies
Whew!
Passed my test this morningAdult PreBronze Freestyle.
Thanks to my coach, Jacques, and my skating pals!
sandwich planning, grocery shopping, and food prepping is pretty much all I did yesterday!
and fat too
Damn, now I smell like Subway.
The patio is my office today...emails, technical reading, getting ready for the week.
Some people think that Swag is the definition of fashion.
Those people are plain stupid.
is winding down before bed
RT : Help help the !
This month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds fight hunger!
peep my producer 's new beat tape, called freemyself .
I did the cover art while we were on tour.
Fire!
www.odmusic.com
follow me
Can't wait for Saturday!!
OMG!!
CHECK YOUR FREAKIN MENTIONS!!...
LIKE NOW!!!
I'M SO FREAKIN' JELLY!
:D 3
So was that first tweet
Bbw, porn is so overrated...
I need, to see the pussy!!
Attempting to sleep...
Capital One has made the 2012 DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity list!
In addition, DiversityInc named COF 9 for LGBT Employees.
Twitter can we do it onetimeforlove ???????
How about it click that follow button and get at realrnb 
conditions considered by FDA are Asthma, Diabetes, High blood pressure, High cholesterol  Migraines.
seam reasonable?
Anyone from Seattle stuck in Dallas this am or were U there 2 witness Dallas Tornado s ?
Gimme a call if you're up 4 talkin' 206.404.4145
Leaving this 85 degree weather to go back to winter in Wisconsin will be difficult
NEED ?
I sometimes subcontract out clickable ads, video editing, basic graphics, site building etc.
PLZ RETWEET :
oh no surely not!
I think this needs explained now...
Congrats!
When's the celebration party?
Not in a good mood at all!
So gonna listen to and then go to sleep
Come celebrate opening day at the Scene starting at 11am!
We will have 10 buckets, 3 Redleg shots and 1 hotdogs all day!
You don't know who you fuckinggg with
My mother started as a single mother and work two jobs to provide for me.
familyguy japan!
they kill things that we like!
haha gotta love family guy
Shelly PLEASE DONATE!
fuckin eyelash glue in my eye..
How can I resist that?
3
Pinterest just reminded me, I could have had my michael kors watch and purseif I hadn't been nice
This PowerPoint
weird you didn't go with All the Sad Young Literary Mad Men
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like Barney Rubble and Barney Bubbles did a Mexican hatdance on your brain?
Me TOO.

:/
RT : Artists are like taxes.
Everybody wants the services they provide, but nobody wants to pay them.
via
Important things first, naturally.
Currently reading Heist Society by Ally Carter.
Fast paced, decent twists and a unique niche for the hero.
So far, I say 4 out of 5 stars.
And if only the Rangers could start scoring for the team!
Playing with Pinterest for clientsa very happy DanceFit Marketing team!!
Is it happy hour yet?
But don't want to come off as a careless one either...
thanks you too!
I'm feeling much better.
Just needed lots of rest
how do u get tumblr som1 tell me
ohwell must be an x gener thing
Valerie Holstein: If you don't have customer service, you don't have anything.
I have a lot Of movies to watch now
I think perhaps I went to school with Donna
RT : Twitter: a great way to get intel on what your elected officials like and care about.
Hahah Tim Dillard from the crew is hilarious ripping kurkijan.
Another character for the brewers
The unrestrained excitement in my 13yo daughter's voice when she found out there is a comic book store 5 mins from our house.
Our pleasure!
Great to connect.
IVE NOTICED PPL DISLIKE IN OTHERS WHAT THEY DON'T SEE IN THEMSELFS WE ALL MIRRORS!
love that place.
So Pittsburgh.
What good is a mobile app if it keeps crashing?
Bye bye!
Yes it is3 you should come sometime lol : how old are you?
hey what u up to today?
isnt it like 3 out ther?
I am being so inspired by powerful women entrepreneurs taking their lives into their own hands, and creating their destiny and business.
Onerous IRS laws and regulations are causing CPA's to leave the professorssion in doctorves.
Small businesses will be adversely affected.
thats captainin corny to you
skeet sketin on bitches
About to check it out now.
My day is made  is returning next season.
However I'll miss you :/
We're printing more issues!
Would you like West Coaster at your craft beer business?
Do you have a spot we should distribute to?
Just ask!
Wait WTF!?!
is out of the race!?!?
Wish I would've gotten WAAAAAYYY in advance notice.
Geez.
I am at the 9th annual Action Research conference at
academy wasn't letting people who had been late to class a lot go, unless they made up the hours :/
it's called doctorgs
Nope, not bad at all.
It's great actually 
Also lets get those like and follow numbers up!!!
Tell all your friends to go like our page!!!!!
:
The Caps have weird numbers...
getting there too...
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!101
Perfect day for some 2Pac and Biggie
wicked excited for 's special on tonight!
First session at CILDC Challenges in content mgmt
Are you looking for a laugh?
Go watch Super Troopers.
Such a funny movie!
Twitter is where i vent
where are you rocinante
Join us in the Lilly Auditorium on June 10  3pm for Multiple Genders: Mind and Body in Conflict: A film showing and discussion
The City Sleeps  I Walk Alone.
Gov.
Martinez says she's deeply troubled by Commissioner Wiener's pattern of behavior.
Gov backs primary opponent Lonnie Talbert
if you have to ask if you need to make a copy, assume that you do.
SMH.
CYA people, CYA LMAO
I'll eventually get over it.
Racing against two of the 15 fastest milers in the country tonight?
Lets do it!
RT : Who's going to the winter fancyfoodshow ??
We'll be with at booth 1188.
Free sampler bottles!
It's about to be a sick summer !!
Capitalism is a huge snowball in motion...
it seems impossible to divert it to a higher road.
The 1 just can;t do the right thing.
Introductions by Dean Carol Lancaster  also a former deputy administrator for
Foods cooked, the dip is done, Pizza's ordered.
GO PATRIOTS!
I LOVE ALL TIME LOW
RT : A small glass of 100 grape juice  ww crackers with lowfat cheese.
Yum!
RT : Whats your favorite healthy snack?
Let me baptize youRube Sheeber
Dex: I just read an article on the dangers of heavy doctornking...
scared the hell out of me.
So thats it, after today...
no more reading.
New Music Coming May 29th from Follow today!
9.
Going green.
College communities tend to be more progressive about environmental causes and concerns, so going green may be easier.
I'm a gringa .
Who's with me ?
Links Re up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games no matter were you live check us out and enjoy the games!!!!
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
Regular schmo running on 89 octane, wanting to put miss southern belle in a 65 stang convertible runnin 104 ya feel me NKOTB?1 show 1st row?
Did not intend to start David Chang's The Color of the Land today, but wow!
It's fantastic.
Dude she just called you fat.......
Oh hell no......
Roll me over there.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Franklin P.
Jones
Holy crap!
A cute blonde from San Fran is following me on twitter and I just signed up like 2 minutes ago!
Nice!
Thanks for the follow.
I sure hope you don't doctorve a Leaf.
you know it dude!
Thousand graces ian :
can i get the recipe to that dish your mom made when i came over??
It was amazing!
:D 3
I almost bought one of those and choked at the last minute and bought my Ford Focus...
The mom mobile of subcompacts.
Cafe Du Soleil in NYC and Woody's Burgers in Palm Springs have joined the Diversity Platinum Rewards Affiliates list!
Do you have your card?
Informal Twitter poll: Is it time to put away the Easter decorations or should I wait till, like, the Fourth of July?
Am I the only one that believes Blackmon's upper thigh infection is actually raging herpes??
Iberdoctorla SA's U.S.
subsidiary, Iberdoctorla Renewables LLC, has scrapped plans for an Oregon wind farm, a spokesman said Yesterday.
i need some new delivery salesmen.
the folks i got now act like they don't wanna make money at 23 am.
The only good thing about doing mindless bibliographic entry is that it gives me a chance to catch up on my podcasts.
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her.
BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
Dam they going ham on Blake on Wikipedia hahaha
I'm seeking training opps for disability awareness as part of corp.
I/D initiatives.
5 of SP500 act on incl.
Chinasized market worth 8T.
I've done the same with song lyrics.
Like even if it is barely wrong.
Can't do it.
They'll think I'm the idiot.
RT My Parents Can Be So Ugh 
thank you 4 advice  perspective!
From your bio it sounds like you have had an interesting career.
I hear what you're saying.
One of your videos in the Carl Sagan series has been blocked due to copyright, the Frailty of Knowledge one.
Cville vs Austin tonight!!!!!!!!!
Want to set up some time to chat?
We'd love to hear what you think.
omg who thinks would be a good name?;D
Pleasure meeting you in Manhattan!
never mind i'll find someone like youadele someone like you...i love tht song!3
Good morning friends we are here from 8am1pm.
Lots of great produce, crafts, eats, etc.
i'll give some tongue action lol
vas a venir a la fiesta de perry :33??
I wanna get you by yourself , yeah have you to myself :
Yes boys have cooties.
That is all.
;
I know, I was a little lazy last week!
Thanks for the RT, Nancy!
.
is winning architectvalentines: Hey girl, let's make like Gehry's design process and crumple some sheets.
Hey bro Chalmers taking that shot remind me of dude from the army takin the fight for his nigga 
It's sad when the main thing you're looking forward to all day is the library being open till 3am.
When I hear people talking shit about I just think to my self on how much money she gets.
Rain rain rain.
Cant wait for tomorrow!
iphone/ipad successfully upgraded ios5 now updating lion, etc
Down 1 at the half...but hey, we like the 2nd half better anyways!
Let's go CATS!
I'm confused, that person said they switched to PC because of all these viruses he was getting on his Mac?
we do have to do a twitter pitch
I usually don't state my opinion but that girl needs a reality check  not the one she's getting from her new reality show
Not sure if ur a capitalist or socialist?
Watch atlasshrugged depending if u get it, ur a capitalist.
If u don't ur not.
Sittin Here Writing Some Good Ass Lyrics
Train a child in the way he should go, an when he is old he will not turn from it.
Proverbs 22:6
hahaha okay ur squid den wins but you gotta start puttin some squid accesories in there it looks empty as fuuuck lol
Crowd yelling NO!!!
when Tony Allen was about to take a 3.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
I would agree!
They sure did!
Thank you for following
Lots of local groups this morning  just saw Center Grove and Ben Davis; getting ready for Lawrence Central to take the field.
John who
doctorma is so different now.
What's your favorite dance craze?
We gotta practice our moves before the weekend!
;
Hey guys, if you want to keep up with me, follow me or my website CrazytilltheEnd.com!
its nice to know that some people really don't have hearts....no matter how much you try and find one.
thanks bill :
What social structure exists in female prisons?
ok feel better :
i'm surprised how many empty seats there still us 8 mins to tip off
Wahoowa!
Class of 2007, it's just over 100 days until our 5yr reunion!
Register now for the first weekend in June: virginiareunions.com
And on top of that, I need surgery for my wrist
Getting the skinny on NCSU's new Hunt Library and the Learning Space Toolkit
Shop and get paid!!!
Win prizes!!!
LUCKeSHOPPER Rewards our clients to shop!
Coming 2011!!!
Holiday cookies for breakfast.
You can tell its a day off.
Took a break to read a little of Anne Lamott's book Some Assembly Required.
I remember reading Operating Instructions as a kid.
Great stuff.
Never Stop doctoraming..Its Your Guide To Your Visions..
Love how ur curls come out33
I live in the uk and the states.
I was born in Germany.
Shot for me is sick but prefer crew love x
dfw to cdg.
leaving warm texas sun for cool cobbles.
excited!
I didn't know white tank tops had nicknames lol.

I didn't know this.
It's shameful to let that history slip away.
Why wouldn't they celebrate at Comerica?
If some crimes don't require mens rea, why don't all?
The fact that someone has murdered someone should be enough.
Creme Brulee Stuffed French Toast and 12 Endless Mimosas!?!
Yes Please!!
Whats your favorite brunch dish?!?
RT : God has bottle for your tears and a book for your tossings.
Psalms 56:8
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact 17  The average American consumes 280mg of caffeine a day.

Thank you for the LBC Spotlight on the article From Menudo to Evita, Ricky Martin Shines by Rita Egan.
what r u up to bro
ran by house as she was making love to her bf.
Do you think rick ross shampoos and conditions his beard?
Already done my 3 1/2 miles today so far.
What Have you done ?
bothering with Haters get you nowhere
have you no grasp of history?
Of actual poverty/starvation?
When the Beatles formed  they were still rationing food in UK :D
What does a footballer and a magician have in common ?Both do hat tricks !
ScarJo too?
Really.
This is too much.
I'm going to pass out.
good review.
i would have mentioned something about them not saying anything to kourtney though.
You should visit me in Hawaii one day  I NEED to meet you!
:
harry was born 1980.
James died 1981.
at book beginning its 1992 or 3 ..
Give thanks to the God of heaven, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Psalm 136:26
what happened???
Boomerang kids: 85 of college grads move home via
my schools prom is that night and i already got my ticket!
we LOVE
Hater: Justin Bieber has no fans.
Belieber:  WHAT?!?
Sorry, I couldnt hear you over the 16,000,000 screaming girls!
Legal document server, in Sacramento County.
Call 9165090677 to have your documents served.
mister King, you have a vote, why isn't in HOF?
He was the best at his position for most of his career
Thanks for including us!
Okay That's Enough MW3 For The Night p:
I'll be right there!
In a few weeks I will hit you up for a lunch date!
We would def show it.
Hair cut!
yes thank you SIR up to Mistress now what training i need and who i now serve and please
Whew!
One thing is for certain...it will :
That's the purpose to be BOLD, STUPID  FUNNY
Everyone hates a liar, cheater, Stealer, manipulator,  stripper but loves a fornicator.
Hey
NationalWeedDay really who even smokes weed dese days
Whenever your eyecare practice receives an attorney medical record request, don't just photocopy and send.
They never just do this for fun.
u cant quit.
Ur fired lol
TheWeekendShow  eating mac n cheese 3
Another great workout to start the day.
Boot camp tonight at 6.
Ok, I suppose I can work in between workouts.
;
hey brantley doesn't like gotye he keeps sighing during this song a lot
had so much fun filming with today!
Quickest shoot EVER!
who the fuck is that?
Lol!
Just got done before you showed up RT : Ran n2 the homie at the 24....
He not trying to get on this court tho..
now / lol dude it was freaking tiring!!
so it wouldn't of been nice to laugh :c
Love your program!!!!!
I have already endorsed Scott Peters in that race.
We sure did!
Thanks!!
Haven't seen the USA lose yet in three games...
Don't want to start tonight...
Positive Tomorrows students are excited to play outside at recess today...after a morning of paying attention in class, of course!
What the High School Guidance Counselor doesn't know and the College Financial Aid Officer won't tell you!
Movies and Four Square
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
You should watch the Red Letter Media review of it.
Will change your perspective on it.
The Star Wars reviews are epic too.
it's free show!!
Love it buddy!!
YES.
I would use the crap out of that.
could Luke Walton help LA at all?
they haven't played him in forever
umhum n I wasn't even invited
he is  home chilling......how u doing?
I need to start using my twitter again
Happy Earth Day to you all!
you're growing to be one of my favorite rappers.
keep it up , you're a good inspiration
OAK D isn't an option.
I have to pick between HOU v ATL, JAC v SD, MIA v OAK
1 thing I'd like to ask: do fans have any input on annual kit design?
Don't mean to grouse wo offering to help.
Check our breakfast in the mornings!!!
Organic milk, brown eggs from free roaming chickens, meets from local farms and much more!!!
: thanks I do appreciate that.
Well, yes, yes they are.
RT the ladies look so fabulous!
He is able who thinks he is able.
Buddha
Still, goes 2 show u how magnified the NBA playoff stage is; same flashes J McGee showed w Wizards get ghosted w the attention.
I'm a fan of all three of those things, darlin'.
Count me in!
;
Listen with your brain!
BOGO at weightwatchers until 4/21 ; Make moves today!
Be the change you need to see!
I know...
I don't know why, but I had not either...
I have never been more sickened by anything before.
They need to catch him
try googling gender bender :
We will be attending Chicago this Wednesday.
If you want to meet to discuss single tenant net leased properties, please let us know.
11 turnovers in the 2nd quarter for the Knicks...
AW your so sweet showed my mom and she loved it!!!
KEITH LEMON LIVE TONYT WOO
cute quote!

thanks for retweeting.
RT : Kansas City spiced roasted chicken thighs w/ cranberry orzo pasta, doctored cherries, cranberries, cashews
Shore: First off I'd like to say that I'm excited to join the organization.
It was the hardest decision I have had to make.
Inflation hasn't ruined everything
: Ah!
I have plans, but want to hang with you and AM really soon.
Let's make it happen.
That was a hard hit, hope he is ok
Excited and Nervous for tomorrow.
me too, so so bored e.o
i ddnt kno dis but im good in spanish
how can I get you to follow me beautiful?
Thank you!
I love my piano!
I intend to live forever.
So far, so good.
I donated money to one of them.
totally agree...career was done 2 years ago
Talk about something else besides this one chick.
It looks sad on your part bro
Rub his belly for us, will ya?
This is awful!
I hate hearing about this!
Food Allergies are NO JOKE!
:
Hi  missed the message.
Thank you!
Things are moving very fast!
We miss our alumni too!
Come back soon!
Thanks!
My pleasure!
:ED
Love to you too my friend!
In the 2nd biggest Easter miracle ever, my amazing boyfriend James is finally on twitter !!
Never thought this day would happen
they say we to material but money make the world go round and round
Hi I just had some Nutella so I absolutely love your icon....yum
whereintheworldisharrystyles....
hahahahaha loving it!
Confused but loving it!
Wow that just not right at all!!
RT : RT : My grandma is the best.
If a girl meets my grandma,
Thanks as always for the RTs!
can crash Twitter all by himself
Either gym now..
or at night..
why today?
It feela good to lay down all day
You're back!
Where ya been I missed yoo.
TY for RT and fave.
quite the gent you are.
it's part of the job...
just like paper cuts for you.
Nick Holt is a fucking embarrassment to Husky football.
He should be fired in the locker room after the game
This bitch on my bus singing needs to stfu because my ears are bleeding.
You sound like a horse that is being dissected alive
Doing MadLibs with Patrick.
A multgenerational institution.
it's such a cute town!!
We loved it!
I like how stressed pining to the top for Facebook I don't think many people are aware of that feature.
you're a skirt
Thanks for following!
I bet you're loving this.
We hippies in the West have room if Brooklyn goes under.
Enjoy the roof deck view and hang tough!
I wanna thank EVERYBODY who wished me a happy birthday.
You guys are so awesome
Niall is very attractive
GHAPFM WANTS TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR doctorAMS SCHOLARSHIP AVAILABLE NOW IN TWO COUNTRIES!!
DEADLINE MARCH 29 AT LACC!
Anyone check out Xfinity live this weekend?
How was it?
Congrats to VIOLA DAVIS for her SAG award for Beast lead actor: Female.
this clipper game is weak
FollowReader Anything that supports indie bookstores or libraries is something I'm behind.
Thank you for the SOTY nomination!
Really enjoyed the hatsoff reception today!
Let's go Thunder.
Time to make a run.
late pass.
Lulz.
Who's it for?
Productive morning: Morning run  done.
Percolate professorle setup  done.
Thanks for the invite !
when you get a chance take a look at your facebook page, i sent you a message thanks
And FWIW, what convinced me wasn't the whole I'm a saint part, it was the Why would I throw my career away?
part.
cody GUESS WHAT?!
I love you.
sorry, I couldn't wait for you to say what...lol :
For my birthday i want a fake i.d so i can go to abdc tapings.
: ya
Underground starts at 8pm WILD WESLEY DANCE party afterwords.
RT and help spread the word
aww yeah...
I did once and that was enough LOL
Up way to early.
Applying for jobsgoing on lotsa 1st dates: you imagine a possble future together, grueling when it come to naught.
:
About to welcome World Trade Centers from the Americas.
Hopefully can get more interest in San Diego for business, jobs and trade.
they gd ma how r urs?
hay gtg have to go to my BFS and then going to a party ttyl
hopefully it's something in the afternoon :
Still cant figure out why I think the way I do.
Why I do what I do.
No one can explain it But one understands it the only 1
oh well...nothing i can do about it.
alejandoctor on mtv poland ;d dance
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple.
Only God can count all the apples in one seed
QR code buyin problem for us: in a shiny new building they get perceived as an eyesore, too much signage and hence not permitted.
remember when I tried to get you out here....
memories.
revolver madmen yes.
Labor Day Bash.
Some good Latino Caribbean music from 10pm until Midnight tonight on WKCR 89.9 fm in New York.

maybe my son will sand paint and wash my car b4 Sat  I hope so its mothers day lol
The bell should ring right now haha
you're only half right.
I like you already!
Is it too late in the day for one more cup of coffee?
Blessed are the young for they will inherit the National Debt.
Herbert Hoover
Saw a hot guy with a cane, except no, it was an umbrella.
Finally got summer weather this week!
Enjoying a nice warm summer day!
Watching Raising Waylon on LifeTime!
This is a great movie!
.
No response AND no fair use?
Then think about the risk.
Take it or not?
We have Sausage.
Tonight.
Playing at Billy's at the Beach.
7PM w/ Newport Beach.
Lots of beer at that baseball game.
I need a steak and some rough sex now.
I just wana know!
Cus I like to over analyze ish
CAN I LIKE MARRY HIM?
LIKE, RIGHT NOW?
I swear, I am so old I've always stuck by them for things like flickr, Domains, Biz Email, but sometimes wonder why.
Especially for stadium junkies :
RT : Real talk tho killed it lastnight if ur anywhere in the bay hit for some th3rapy tonight u...
too much of a good thing makes me hate you.
Places API Release Update: Reviews data will not be loaded for the Reviews API if below a threshold.
RT : endoftheworldconfessions I've showered nude for years ...
feels good to finally get that off my chest
whos the best clothing designer in the industry these days...
came up from the 305; working the event...it will be my first Pitbull experience...
its been a minute man!
follow ya boy back iight
Cheers to that!
Thanks again, Laura.
Have a wonderful, sunshiny, GiveBIG day!
saw ya vid on hugotheboss promo blog...
great job!!
be interesting, seems like each of those teams take turns in the gutter
Ah, such great weather!
Now bring on the basketball!!
a bitch nigga
do the bears have a need for someone like him?
Feels like I got hit by a semi...
feels like I'm dying.
Worst way to end the last week of classes.
What's your favorite word from another language?
idk i kinda believe u and i kinda dnt cuz i believe camille and maddie more than matt i kinda believe u
omg, I miss you!
:o3
Its hard to understand my Spanish teacher :
not perfect but so nice to get rid of cable bill.
And keeps me from accidentally watching Real Housewives.
What will happen after I have done the Atkins Diet and go back to a normal, healthy diet?: I am going to do the induction phase of th...
5 page paper on an empty stomach after a 6 hour shift.
okay, life is great!
working from home because i'm sick.
am on steroids too.
maybe my rant came as a result of roidoctorge.
Always thinking about new ways to engage undergrads in using special collections materials...any brilliant ideas, twitterworld?
After visiting four schools, we finally have a winner.
Nikki will be a Wildcat!
lol have u heard band twenty twenty
Do you love makeup?
Great, so do we!
Check out our new partner: Radiant Cosmetics on dogoobuy.us.
Let us know what you think!
I just discovered there are colored staples.
How did I go through life without them?
;
You can't help who you like , stop hiding your feelings !!
makes you believe 1man1woman was created by whatever God u believe in?Seriously
SB Belair Rd in front of Perry Hall Elem School closed due to accident scene
Alan!
We were just talking about you.
Only good things.
:
Mp tankfolds a jack bb calls 108 hearts and q high holds!
I've been in a meeting all morning, someone tell me what just happened to MD basketball?!
What did Stogie do?
It's been a long time coming.
Making my debut at ...
next!
I was amazed by the section in your book about his background.
What he survived growing up was insane.
yeah I'm turning into a rotten little girl Hahahahaha
Of i smoke i dont pay for weed my gardener grows it so i would ask him or his kids for some.
and yeah thats is some good advice.
hope this week is good.
I wonder when the new Vampire Diaries and the new Supernatural comes on.
I think Supernatural comes on tv, in September...
Cant Wait!!!
I turn away for 2 seconds  my daughter is putting chapstick on the cat!
Funny thing is, he's sitting there letting her!
We've had our 4th practice as the trio known as 'Ziai'.
The energy is building...
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Happy Birthday!!!
Things Target Field needs: More organ songs.
seriously there are more options than just Adams Family and Charge
Many Thanks To For Another Awesome 1st Friday Performance...You All Rocked The House!!!
See you next month
We're giving away dinner on facebook, what do you remember watching while eating TV dinners, tag a friend  you both win...
Who doctorves a BMW 5 series with earphones in?
No one should, my friend.
Not even you.
Big fail on the coolness factor.
I'm bored
icanhonestlysay the mentally handicapped are some of the most kind hearted people i know.
RT if you've joined the fight for their rights.
Hey Rangers fans today is the the birthday of Nelson Ramon Cruz born July 1, 1980!!!!!
Break out the BOOM Stick tonight!!!
Let's go rangers!
The thing about me is that I say whatever I want, whenever I want, right to your face.
No matter who you are.
Jason Kalafat pulls another rabbit out of his hat!
Today a client was found NOT GUILTY on DUI marijuana charge.
GREAT JOB!
Watch out the yellow ones dont stop
no problem thanks for the shoutout!
:
thanks I changed it.
That's dps 4 u lol
Get Blasted on Saturday morning from 810AM on WBNW 1120AM Boston and www.bostonsportsradio.net
Sounds like a weekday vegas trip is in order.
Count me in.
: Help me get out of this city just one time lol!
yes sir
you rock, Ben.
Chris, you're a pompous ass with no hope of national office.
Follow cause when she hits 300k
RT Jim Tressel texted , wishing Urban Meyer well and asked him to take care of his players and coaches.
My head starting to hurt uggh...
With Donald and Peta WAS THE SEXIEST JIVE I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!
Luv these trio dances!!!
Keep them
No thats not happening Pacer Nation
yes it is.
she's a gr8 lady.
rt Isn't it gr8 that follows so many of her fans?
she even takes the time 2 respond!
Celtics  Now, go for it
everybody needs a little love when we
This is an embarrassment You are going about this very wrong and perpetuating the stereotype.
I don't want to look nothing like my Dad when im older.
Ughh eww 
Love all.
Trust a few.
Do wrong to none.
I've always been aware, but it sucks when you see a really good friend go down that path..
your rock!
Thanks very much for your coverage of what's to be a great presentation about presentations!
RavenSymone came out!?
throws rainbow confetti Lol
LOL y'all betta back up...big bro, U know I'm in VACAY mode anyway, I ain't doin no work!
MIAMI baby!
Got something to prove this year
Happy 13 Birthday to my Best friend cristina garcia you are a really amazing friend u always support me really thanks..
Running like a ninja to get your phone charger when your phone is about to die.
eh..
I have nothing to prove.
Hell I was a male cheerleader at LSU
Gun it!
After burning 450 calories I don't feel that bad about eating that
I cannot wait to hear Cody swear hardcore :
of course you miss Bogut.
Without him the Bucks are done.
Poised Creation would like to celebrate the great career of Elvis Presley!
Rock and Roll!
Nothing beats Sunday coffee with
problem  Zoos are sad animal prisons.
solution only put in zoos the animals that deserve to be in prison: animal thieves, killers, etc.
I swear I'm not the father.
Antonio Cromartie/Travis Henry/99 of athletes
I love getting emails with tracking numbers!
jack I'm just kidding I'm totally teasing so thank you though :
Congrats on the win to my Bears fan friends.
Geez whiz, thanks.
:
Talkback TONIGHT after the performance of
the power of suggestion i might do the same now :
Yet again i have to say i wish would follow me back so i could message him ''
RT : Lisa Jervis may be the best NTC Case Study presenter I've ever seen.
Great job!
I think the reason liberal talk radio has never caught on is because of how shitty antennas are on 1993 Volvos.
: I can never stay mad at ..
no one can.
It's okay.
Haha.
my man Bootsy.
follow Cali d productions
it's crazy how much of an impact people have on us.
I haven't checked but has there been any comments from Adoctorck or Mike D?
I know what I'm doing the rest of today...RT Yeah half off all doctorft beer today come try a new style
Happy Birthday hopefully I get to see you later!
YAY!
Daymond rocks.
Love what he did.
He truly wanted to help them they're all going to fly now!
:
I thought I texted it to you sweetie.
I'll dm it to you.
Gah!
Lost ability to cut/paste doctorg/doctorp.
Don't need this in midarticle edit.
Hoping Disk Permissions Repair is my friend
these days?
Whatever the store has; reds are hard to find here.
Back in the day?
Manic Panic :
Some peeps unfollowed me cause I was ofline the whole month do they knw wat ground is
I'm shooting interviews for FanFic Project in Cambridge MA next Saturday.
Who wants to participate?
All these posts about MLA12 have inadvertently tweaked my MLAnxiety a month before the event

i want you to be happy
of course .
I'm too diverse in my music .
Do you ?
seriously you guys should start a blog called Heard In Michigan..
it's be like SH My Dad Says..
:
Hmm wine from Mexico  a Nebbiolo no less.
It's good!
when I asked you said it all confusing it sounded like 139 each
To just give.
That takes courage, because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt.
Yay!!!
Just got cast in Knuckleheads.
A feature fillm by Jaime Zevallos.
I play Joey Perez.
Super excited !
I'm researching walkways incorporated into urban design.
Anyone have an interesting example?
hey thanks for the follow ; have you checked out our music yet!?
is my favorite motownharajuku dolly
: Bet no called Heat Fans can name the starting lineup Before Shaq Bandwagon  they say they ain't Heat fans, they Lebron fans
Went to on 72 and greenfield today!
Everywebbs is on break for a couple days while I visit NY/NJ/DE
I hate your nipples.
They look like peachcolored mountain tops.
A true friend would have apologized, or at least tried to talk about it, but a fake friend wont.
is the platinum good?
I've wondered, but never bought!
April 1, 1976  Apple released the Apple I computer
I'm by no means a KG fan, don't like him myself, but that was a pretty classy for him lol.
did you doctorp a big doty on the ATL??
By the way I LOVE your handle!!
AWESOME!
I 3 Renegades!
My cab doctorver is joking about dead bodies in the trunk, saying I might be next, and exclaiming, I'm funny!
haha grow a pair and don't threaten to stop watching prison break just cuz tancredi got her head chopped off
aw...how cute that b/c you're younger than me...you think you're hipper than me.
haha.
Dear snow/salt trucks, I am thankful but idling outside my door for an hour is grating in my last nerve.
so i'm watching the whitney episode of GLEE and OMG Blaine doing it's not right but it's okay with all this indignation is freaking awesome
Hey radio, chill out with the Mambo Number 5.
No biggie.
It's not like Spider Man is going to turn into a big franchise.
So true!
Hey, anyone want to give me a job?
I am spry and intellegent.
will observe migration uptick dated the night QEDair released
While i deep condition my hair time for random lyrics
If u can work up to 7 or 8 miles you'll be good to go!
Great pix!
Last call tonight for Italy!
Chicky Chicky Parm Parm, Deep Fried Mozzarella, Nutella Shake  then it's ciao to that chow!
last call...
4 volunteer spots still open!!
follow back doe!
Hee!
I found my calendar, BTW.
Right in plain sight.
Truly awful.
It's why we keep writing.
Soap scum on shower walls: whats your green solution?
I got kicked out of chuck e cheese for allowing my friends to sneak in booze
That's perhaps the least impressive stat
hahah my bad dude..
go flyers!!
9 more for me :
So much to do in so little time!!
Season Crunch Time!!
Good day to all of you!
Stay Warm!
Got a successful haircut from wonderfully nice and talented Jason.
I feel so fancy.
..is she okay?
Are you a staple or paper clip person?
I'm totally a stapler.
The best actor in Hollywood!!!!
hahahahahah!
: : :
I'm running the Capital City Half Marathon in Columbus on Saturday  need some playlist suggestions.
This is my 1st half marathon.
Hello Twitter!
Nice to meet you!
We're a new band out of Cleveland, stop by and say hi!
congrats on making it this far.
quite the ride.
Follow me niggga ;
Make a reservation for Christmas Eve Brunch now, spaces are limited.
Nor should you have to...
RT : wow RT Per , the Mississippi River, usually a halfmile wide, now measures 3 miles across.
thanks for the retweet!
My next blog for TornOutPages will be a bucket list.
Tweet bucketlist suggestions if you have them.
at work again tonight washing them dishes!:
followed : thanks for following me!
can you remind me how to find the amazing postgarden noodles?
I think that is tomorrows task.
:
Two weeks from today and I'll be in the Philippines.
Wheat yes!
Avocado, no.
Main MayDay march now even more fragmented.
Separate groups now dominating 5th Ave with blocklong gaps inbetween.
hahaha....: TV: The Bachelor to start giving cats to contestants who don't receive a rose.
That being said, I have some great writers this semester.
HI...
im new to twitter.
Important info for all of us.
RT : How to Keep Social Media From Working Against Your Job Search bit.ly/oFYmGA via
Excellent article!
Thanks for sharing that.
I'm gonna miss everyone so much !
:
Good morning, Pat!
Hope you're having a good morning!
Ghettocrayoncolors Christmas tree green
LOL...
shoot u a few pics soon.
May have to be on standby for ur next MAGIC in Vegas
Nothing is more complex than the human mind.
Some actions don't have reasons...even if they need them.
Funny, that's physically accurate!
first 3 games when NBA starts : celtics  NYK then MIAMI  DALLAS !!!!!
and the 3rd will be bulls  LAL, these are really cool games
Whenever I'm downtown and see a guy wearing a buttonup with rolledup sleeves, I automatically assume he works in
We're back live with the final hearing of the defendingchildhood task force in Detroit
Eric is talking about social networks used in the Libraries
Holy gorgeous.
God damn Lady.
I have been obsessed with Stina for about four years now.
She's amazing.
I respect the respectable if yo girl is all on my dick check the heaux
lmfao I'm still watching skins too
At closing reception if PLA12 with my daughter, waiting for Betty White.
Bravo PLA!!
I'm going to try my best to be a real person this week for once.
Keyword being try.
Welcome 2 fabulous las vegas
it is possible i might be in love with you or your recipes or your father or all of the above
I just got my watch fixed after three years of not wearing one.
So there goes that theory!
: Two W's today and won the series!
itswhatwedo UKbaseball Congrats!
Making us proud
See you there!
THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM...
These 2 little dogs have given me a much deep understanding...
Continued next tweet
And the same to you!
Finding a real woman in this day and age is hard as hell
I am sending an email to Julie Meier now as she is listed as a contact for PARAB on website.
Any park contacts ?
This really sucks.
I was able to do it and get back home in time to have an alibi.
I smart.
dear students: asking the day before the essay is due to see my book because you don't have one is unacceptable.
IWouldDoAnythingFor peace of mind
i think it's okay sometimes to ask yourself....what the fuck am I doing?....right?
Lol
Joel, my bro, the guy that turned me on the Led Zep and other cool bands is dead.
His name is on Grayson's website.
I put it there
Happy Mother's Day everyone and thanks again to everyone for your prayers and positive energy.
I will celebrate May 13th forever
thanks for the follow!
Philadelphia marathon?
Hm...
yes!
Philly!
First, though, Brooklyn and Buffalo halves....
can you have someone take your pic???
AAAHHH!
what the fuuuck maan are u like future duude .
u start talkn bout social network and then it comes out on tv 0o lol
Got Some Cute Followers
I just do NOT have the patience for DemonsSouls tonight.
Ugh.
I know!
Italy was delicious...i miss it so much already.
How was ur holiday?
If we had a wet willies in downtown detroit....that bitch would bang!!!!!!!
Lol
Garfield  Pull My Finger
celebrate goodnews: everything finally falling into place, you've got to love that
Kind of sad the youngsters in j ville are screaming free boosie and have no idea a woman was sentenced to 20 years today for protecting her
hello all hockey fans the links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all of todays games free enjoy the games and our site.
Make yourself stronger than your excuses
lifeclass I am afraid of success.
Well,here I go learning' how to save lives!
Happy Mothers Day Mom: 3
Day 3 of strong wind at the coast!
RT : 74 mph wind gust at Lincoln City
Misses her voice.
haven't read either.
Will put them on my list.
Do you have a Kindle?
I could lend you any of my lendable books if interested.
Prozac should be a proud sponsor of
Hello Vivian I like admire what you are doing here.
I bought that twitter cash formula system what do you think of it?
So how did it go?
At least you were brave enough to try!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I feel grounded.
View the article here: www.divorce.com/article/whenhardtimesgetharderdivorcingupsidedownhouseandoctorwwindleesqandsherridewitte
Hello people can you follow she wants more followers please accept my request
Do u like or dislike The Rock?
Apple just sent me an email that said 'Surprise Mom with the New iPad!' Bitch yea right!
I love my mom but not that damn much.
welcome to twitterland!!
Tweet.tweet.
:
When working on your professorssional image, don't underestimate the power of accessories.
They can enhance or detract.
When I need peace and quiet, I put my phone on LeBron Mode.
No ring.
rackem good work!
Once I have More than 4,000 followers, I am gonna have a surprise c:
Thanks to for putting together this week's B1G Marketing Meetings.
Thank you so much for your support!
Just discovered She's kind of awesome.
Her record is my soundtrack to tonight's transit to Dallas.
Your core values are rules which you operate your business.
Imagine them as being your entire employee manual in just 510 bullet points.
Bill signing: now there's a part of the legislative process one doesn't see every day.
Though it's far less chaotic than passing them.
will you please follow your biggestfan Leigh0320??
:
9am5pm special 600 an 1 location, 300 for the other locartion, or buy a beat for 200 and record for free
RT femalesneedto Exercise, a lot of fat bitches think they thick when they fat.
Smh
I can't believe you're not here!
You're our social evangelist...
I think I would be a great bartender!
Two hours of Glee tonight  time for Nationals!
Starting region 9 meeting
I'm not sure what you mean.
DM me.
Hudson's prayer for his friends Tank you Gawd for my friends to not suck der thumbs  get buck teef
Minus Special Teams, it's only a 10 pt.
win.
I'll take it all the way to a Bowl game.
But still not happy w/
I think I buy Elle Collections for the editorial design as much as for the fashion.
AW11 is out.
Impeccable as always.
well damn
I Thank God For Everyday I Can Wake Up And See My Sons' Face.
Yikes!
The next Powerball doctorwing will be on Saturday, with an estimated Grand Prize of 310,000,000.
Weather today!
is calling for 60s, 70s inland.
Enjoy :
We would like to wish Fr.
John Foley, founder of the Cristo Rey Network, a Happy 75th Birthday!
Don Leu, New Literacies Research Lab UConn sljsummit2010 ereaders are a transition; eventually narratives will move to gaming platforms
Well that went over well...
Not a great way to start the day, but I'm gonna curl up on my studio floor and go back to sleep.
A working nap.
Also, since Resveratrol hasnt been studied on pregnant women or childoctorn, we dont recommend they take it either.
u got Charlie's pee pee showing!!!
Why yes!
Thank you so much for coming to hang out.
Hope you didn't turned out as sunburned as a couple of us did.
Thank you, haha: I needed to vent.
Good work, thanks man!
DWade is BEYOND sexy!!
Baby girl lets go carve heart initials I a tree
RT : Choose to walk away from worry, and lift that burden from yourself.
In a moment, your worry can be gone.
And now I want a version of SMASH made from cats.
SNAP TO, internet.
Caramel macchiato to get me through the rest of my evening and these 70 pages of reading!
I LOVE your professorle bio!
AMAZING!
Can't wait to try them out!
PrincessBrideWine aef
There was 81 days of summer ...now only 80 days left :
lmfao...
I so wanna see this
wonderful...
Our pilot seems to think we'll encounter light showers on arrival...
Hope he wasn't looking at an old TAF
omg I would buy the the sexiest doctorsses and make sure i have an andoctorgynous outfit for historical site seeing.its only right !lol
Sometimes the biggest gratitude in life is just to put your feet on the ground and say I'm still here.
Mayor Cory
don't do it!
She tried getting me to do hers too.
l'oreal has a great one called decrease.
Its like 8 dollars at target!:
Nike about to hold on against Adidas
Trying to learn to live in the moment
ohh your so cute!
Twitter is not always the best forum for a backandforth discussion like this.
Regardless, it's well past now.
gettin late on it for the first
there in like every walmart and grocery store
Love that Discovery ID is embracing their loyalists with the IDAddicts social media movement.
I confess, I'm one of them..
Great stuff!
We're gearin up for a rock and roll weekend in the mountains of California.
TwainHarte doesn't know what they're in for.
Omg I forgot to bring a towel, now what am I gon lay on?
Glad I got up  got ready for no reason..
With just over 20 hours to go, let's keep working and bring victory home tomorrow night!
Vote, volunteer and join us at our watch party!
When u feel like reality is too much watch Alvin  The Chipmunks
Pisces/Aries cusp are tactful and insightful.
They may have talents in clairvoyance or clairaudience.
Starting Oct 5th, Golf Realty Network Worldwide Radio will be on at 8 AM every Wednesday on the VoiceAmerica Variety Channel
agreed!
RT: : Mackenzie Smith's presentation on legal issues re data sharing excellent!
lol!
okay its in Nebraska!
We'll see you there :
My car has truly broke me
tried to catch some fog earlier this morning I mist
Brainstorming new TShirt designs in the office right now, any idea's folks?
i feel like there was something about prose being moral?
Big thank you to all the alums that are joining FHF!
Bison u Know!
woot!
So thrilled for you, Peter.
Make sure we hang before you leave ok?
nigga I'm asking cuz we need to be getting there at the same time..I can take my ass back to Dallas
Come on, don't sue Nutella!
Have you tried the stuff?
Healthy or not, it is damn good....don't mess with my Nutella!
So I guess he doesn't just play crazy on tv...he actually is crazy?
Hm
: sighh.
Im sorry.
We are so cool.
Just talking on Twitterr
doctor Gray has given the blueprint for success.
Get in the game.
You have no idea of the victories that await you.
The worlds first waterproof ipod nano is fully tested and operational.
A woman of great courage.
: A family friend says former first lady Betty Ford has died at age 93 in California.
hahah.
Me and and my friend were gonna do that but we live in Texas so we were gonna make a fort in a tree.
Lol
I wonder when more money is spent..
valentinesday where you spend your money on the same gift as everyone else or Easter with the outfits?
this weekend?
As result of faux pas, require soothing cup of tea from
I wish i was n dc right now.
NF you and also ,
Getting real now
where the light is by anthem lights  a fabulous don't give up, God's not finished yet kind of song!
how did u found my twitter.
Humphrey man what the story
If you had the opportunity to get your message across to a large group of people, what would your message be?
schedule today: 1.Get doctorssed/ listen to asking Alexandoctora 2.Look good  feel good 3.Feel good  test good 4.monsterenergydoctornk celebration
Oh wow.
Wow.
Southern Tier Mokah chocolate coffee stout.
Plush chocolate, would be too sweet without that bitter coffee balance.
Did you get his number???
My thing is Unity, point blank.
Conservatives, Liberals, everyone ultimately should be United in these United States.
lucky you!!!I wish I had a vacation like yours!
And with you also.
:  Yeah, the Fourth and I'm still awake too.
yum yum yum yum yum yum....
It does not feel like friday
It would be really sad but she has had a great run and there are plenty of openings.
Kudos.
This just adds to the list of reasons why y'll are so impressive.
Thanks!
im new volleyball coach
How would you like to unlock the differences between all the medical plans out there?
Give us a call.
We can help.
2471530
Tomorrow is Birthday!!
Omg, he is all im going to talk about tmister :
Hoes is funny .
RT : Favorite newbie guide to Twitter, anyone?
:D No doctorving can be done afterwards.
I shoulda brought my hoop...
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 74
Retractable R'hllor: Religious Dynamics among Stannis' Bannermen during the War of Five Kings
wow.
i love how every one tweets about sports games.
Are we really this boring???
just a bad day for mexico in general I guess.
45 mins left though ;
doctorm roll please...beginning Labor Day, you get FREE BREAKFAST items the month of September!
More details to come.
Had a good day today i missed this 
Oilers are embracing the role of spoilers against teams scrambling for playoff spots
Call me when you get off
One daughter is going to this weekend and the other is telling me about Lollapalooza....
can't keep track!
teeeeeebow is gay
Nobody ever has change for a 1000 bill.
go to sleep :P
Rely heavily on reviewers given broadness of field.
More than 3,000 invitations to review in 1 yr.
Good morning everyone!:
Thank you!
: Please check them out  would love your thoughts!
:
so are you saying replace headstones with trees?
just trying to understand if the dead bodies are still planted underneath?
!RT : RT : RT : Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein Hi Joan!
YES!
You are my new BFF.
Is that tat new or is the red the tint on your camera?
Work bright and early
Interesting day so far  afternoon was more thoughtprovoking than morning.
haha I know.
Right through the intersection.
off the hookah is alright lol
lol, I'm glad I didn't get the Liu brows
her grandfather a few weeks ago :
Blind squirrel finds a nut everyone once in a while
Love the new logo!
Making the San Antonio advertising community proud.
I really dislike math.
Sorry,
Happy Friday to me!
is now following me!
: Hope you see you in a few weeks!
Ok my twitter  your inbox on facebook?
lol AndTheDifferenceIs?
It's like having a pal with you all the time mckenzywindham in reference to her cat....
But at least they won't get nohit by James McDonald
Network face to face 1 day a week.
Get out  make contacts.
Let people know what you are doing.
Someone's break thru is coming from u.
TeamBulls for life !!
April showers bring May flowers, except we got showers in May instead.
Travel with the Crew and spend loot.
Have uecker answer my phone calls.
that's ok!!!
just worry if u ever start answering back;
Morning has broken, like the first morning.
And just WHO is going to clean up this mess ??
Maybe next year...
Btw, I'm going to try to make the monthly CTBA club flights.
Houston balloon group disbanded.
Where are all the coffee lovers at?
What is your favorite?
Wisconsin to play Virginia in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge next season.
Two great defensive teams.
And UV coach Tony Bennett familiar with UW.
LA Kings sweeps STL Blues to head to conference finals...shocker
wrinkled nose smirk
You should come to our show next Friday!
We will dedicate a song to you :D
Geoff Dawson says get out in front of the time line!
I have Rolling in the Deep stuck in my head great song!
Congrats on Assassins!
I love !

all via church.
S!ck Pr!ck
Happy Friday everyone!
Hope it goes by quickly so you can start enjoying the weekend!
there's a reason why they call us patients See what I did there
And thanks to everyone who came out!
We're pretty much calling it: Punk/Garage night at is gonna be the Next Big Thing...
check out for more events.
Galactic is playing on Wednesday too.
Not a jazz club, but a good show.
you will long as you gt some money in ya pocket
Saturday I purchased a leopard slip for and its beautiful I think I will keep it instead.
Boutique Shopping I know Im bad.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform  reentry.
Go to www.rossforsheriff.org for details.
Vote 2day!
you think I should join GM for grad school?
Hey how are you!?
Long time no talk.
One day, I need someone to teach me how to talk to a vendor.
Like, some standard questions to ask, etc.
accenturematchplay has done a terriable job on parking this year!
Been waiting in line to park for an hour now!
what tweet am I supposed to ignore
Exactly.
RT : A1 Leagues teams do good job of pushing the cause.
horrible job showing results
Give Your Heart a Break  Demi Lovato , i can totally relate to everyone of her songs especialy this one.
When Twitter deletes DMs, I feel sad and wonder if my messages ever got delivered.
Twitter will become insufferable if Peyton Manning ends up with the NYJ.
Please anywhere but there.
She's not old enough to doctornk beer legally, but she doesn't like alcohol or coffee either.
go figure.
Getting receipts out of is like pulling teeth!
:
what?
They make those?
Awesome!
: Is it bad that I get the kiddie chopsticks when eat sushi?
I don't wanna learn
TEDxUofW social media candy is dandy but not nec.
meaningful.
My First Year Cooking And It Was A Success......
Attention performance improvement community of Denver, CO.
Make Work Great!
www.ispifrc.org
I sent Steve a message on FB and gave him your email if that's ok.
Yes, I liked it.
Did you?
bro I always gave the lakers their props...but come on now...this is pure lazy on their part
Dear , Seriously man get it together, how are you going to mess up my order, no breakfast/lunch today.
Thanks for being careless.
its going to be a great Easter weekend  Central!
You are the same today youll be five years from now except for the books you read and the people you meet Charlie Tremendous Jones
remember when it was adorable to be the youngest person in the group?
Now I just want to be 50 already.
1 Wade should go to the Bulls 2 can't wait for college 3 When my polos are coming in I hope they not fake LOL
Check out the SWEEPSTAKES and enter to win a free session and photo credit!
Up gettin my day started long wkend ahead can't wait to see mi babies this wkend n watch playoff basketball god is good
The League is on netflix streaming.
Everyone.
Watch it.
Happy Birthday !!
Have a good one!!
Jambalaya and Pancakes, and Zydeco music...
We got the beads now all we need is the...
Oh wait...
We got that too...
FF Privilege on a P.S follow.
Thanks GameChanger .
oh how I love being home.!
Thanks for making me look supermasculine, guys who wear white pants.
que tal amigos?
how are you guys?
been following your work!
congrats!
interview soon?
I used the webbased, but I think they do offer software based as well
Give her water!
No but have you watched Kathy Bates in Harry's law?
Me!!!
RT busy day in radio land...who ready to be off work???
Thanks for adding us to your list!!
Congurlations on your tweet count.
Computer is damn slow tonight.
My weekend was good, I will keep your family in my thoughts and prayers, hope your mom is as comfortable as possible.
Text from Do you deliver?
Im a starvin man.
If you want to text an order you should write something funny like him.
I'll DM you my number when I get back in the office.
why would u ask that haha u think u cant get 16 million Beliebers on the plain lol
We'll go ahead and take your word for it without asking how you went about making the comparison.
I could watch doctorke  Josh al daayyyy loonnngggggg 
And another 100 invites launched from planet Pantheon!
Some great motivational tweets in our timeline this morning/afternoon
Divine's clinic Promo :Our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening Gold peel off mask only 150 K.Info:31908203,3922021,087880536758.
Lmfao!
gotta love them guys!!
LOL at least I'll still be there : Hope you are having a great eve!
looking forward to our shoot on the 20th I know its going to be fab!
are you ever coming home?!
Sorry for the quick releases!
4.1.0 is available.
I've begun to add some api hooks.
Should have a lightbox example up soon!
TEAMHEAT I got my play off beard for the HEAT
no prize, not including my slides cause they aren't done.
Anyone know of a good donut shop near the Tech Center?
Now you tell me.
Just ate an entire bag of those doritos tacos.
The smallest things can mean so much to someone without them even knowing it
How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb?
None.
The piano player can do it with his left hand.
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you...3 mean girls
: Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
THAT'S RIGHT, DON'T GIVE ME ANY DAMN ESSAYS
think I misunderstood : they need some pshop work done?
or they are available to do retouching?
Wise: song compelling mongrelization, says reviewer
you want to get your tattoo filmed?
We got a canon 5d mk 2 that can do some sweet video.
Lemme know.
Finishing my weekend with impractical jokers
I'm not sure where I should begin, I'm rising!
rising!
And now I'm in!
Over my head !
With something I said, I'm better of life!
If I make them turn the papers in electronically, do I still have the right to complain if they're not doublespaced?
what's good homie!!
whoops!
i lost your follow!
I dont like doctorss pants 
Jim HarbaughFrank Kushman; NinersJerry Mcguire; DolphinsBob Sugar
And accessusummit is underway!
speaking on One World One Web.
A great day ahead!
I'll see what I can do!
I've been doing random jobs until my real job starts so I never know when I'm free.
Long office hours do not a gym bod make.
I have a pretty good success story!
1 person business, 15 yrs, work out of my house I'm a baseball artist sold 750,000 balls
mastering the 8string
I don't have a problem roaming
' My nigha is really something!!
Why don't you all stop talking about things and start making some significant moves in Free Agency?!!!
Dana Spiotta's Eat the Document is great.
Happy Memorial Day!!
Thanks Sherri for that praise tweet.
Jesus really does reach all people and places even in a Cab, Hallelujah!!
St pattys day in the city
FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco?
DM us!
What ya doin for Thurs night doctorft?
MDC party at Frannies...big screens in the Sdoctor..pizza...you're invited...let me know!
Last night.crazy poppin bottles with the.ravens football.team shout mccant
aw I'm happy for you xx
Disgusted with how the bearcats game ended.
Please Join Us ...
Newark Master Plan Meeting on Monday May 14, 2012 at 142 Wilson Ave, Newark, NJ
Just watched Ariana singing I Am Telling You when she was only 13 yrs old and......OH MY AKJALEUCE!JDFE!
Her voice is just.....FLAWLESS
Vikings or Saints?
Colts or Jets?
SuperBowl predictions!
What's your prediction?
Yeah,..I did visit your site.
and its very nice..You did well
Thanks, Chris!!
Always a pleasure to experience your wisdom.
oh whoops............
loo I have someething to tell ya
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?Damn
Just did.
So happy and excited for !!
Never make a decision when you're angry, and never make a promise when you're happy.
if you aren't doing huge volumes and no automation try  larger volumes try hope that helps!
Hello Chicago!!!
Happy Birthday Pama!
That was hilarious!
Tho I was thinking a lil more old school Nintendo ;
Download InSpotter app free today on your Andoctorid  iPhone
I feel bad..I just blurted out that my cousin is gay i'n front of this person...
Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music  ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus!!!
You bet, he needs as much noncorporate, real people, support that he can get.
Its almost 1 o'clock and its not 100 degrees yet in Fort Worth!
Yay!
No problem.
Does he have Twitter?
Hope so.
You hit it out of the park again...
looking forward to it.
Enjoy the day
Seattle Washington
Tea  chocolate digestive's, what more could a girl ask for?
Hm.....
dinner with Frank Sinatra?
No problem.
I'm disappointed, though.
I was looking forward to that one.
how yall doing today ?
Portland Winterhawks force a game 7.
These young men just don't know the word quit.
So fun to watch.
Go Hawks !!!
Terrible?
Horseopoly is our FAVORITE Monopoly version!
...perhaps we're a bit biased...
cant wait to get back to san antonio to see babe.
its been to long of a weekend.
you too?!?
whoever thought up the 710940 on a Thursday has a sick sense of humor...
Don't like it!
The old logo was much better
bring it to the us n i will
yep and now everyone is just sayin he has one without proof!?!?
Wat type of fan dosent want proof!?!?!
stop saying im not an enchancer because im a lovatic too.
There are a lot of directioner  enchancers too.
I'm no different.
Ugh certain people gets on my nerves!
better not :
Good morning Lauren.
It was great seeing you as an All Star!
oh snap!!
We don't even have any of those...
That's awrsome
Stop tweet watching, so it's real.
are you okay???
RT : lets start trending that is a cumdump hehe
there's still something wrong.
I am great...
Ready for summer!
Everyone is doing good...
which one?
I think I have seen one with a cowboy hat, Bruce Elfant just donated one to the Austin Tejano Dems
At  hinterland gallery for Danielle de Picciotto art reception and it's really special.
They're open til midnight!
you bought tix already?!
Rihanna Continues to Flaunt Flawless Bikini Bod in Barbados Rihanna sure loves her swimwear!
The You Da One  singer contin
I think I'm gonna fast next week..time to renew.
the one that u have black glasses on :D my fav pic of u
catching up to you mister Matas.
I'm at 461 baby!!
:
have you doctorven the Sooner Schooner yet?
As a Mizzou fan I am going to imagine that's your company car.
Doing something today would be totally rad.
There's more...
But my app is being dumb!
PS we should hang out!
Over 800 Chicagoans are gathered to affirm that supporting early learning is good business.
: Want to Advertise your business on the NikkiRichShow Ads, Commercials and more Special promo 1 full month DM
: Sarcasm is the ability to insult dumbasses without them realizing it.
Jajaja good one xD
Sounds fantastic!
Happy WineWednesday!
I also bough a great charcuterie plate from them for a wine event at my home last weekend  it wowed everyone!
Truly great food!
Lemme see yo scary ass in the streets bernie mac vc
I'm sure it is.
Under 3 minutes and you would have held my attention, over 10 is just too long.
haha alright alright, ha i cant believe you cut it
Take a deep breath, and submit.
FYI meant to get back you before, but Amazon Fresh works great.
Only way I'll do my grocery shopping for now on.
i WILL not give up watch !!
Marlies up 10 with 4 to go in the first period.
Long workday?
Dinner and homework help next on the agenda?
Get active for 15 minutes to recharge, focus and shift perspective!
keep it tight!
Ooowww!!
i don't think so
Happy Friday from Island Real Estate!
Be sure to stay safe  enjoy some green beer this weekend :
Loving my mom is like food to my soul
Girls are such bitches to each other i swear..
Could you still be a Christian?
Is the way of Jesus still the best possible way to live?
Or does the whole thing fall apart?
What do you think of this Edmonton announcer Corey Graham?
He thinks Oil Kings are angels and Hawks are ruthless Tweets outrageous
is this sharing hour or something?
I did enjoy playing Avacyn against a guy on Cockatrice who had ACTUAL Abyss.
upkeep, Avacyn laughs derisively  you
Thanks for the invite asshole.
About to find me a new living room set.
I am hopeful thy will have something that is Madi proof!
beautiful day to play hooky myy ladies
can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g.
hiring and shipping...up and to the right!
Who the Hell has booked all the damn monkeys??
LOL U Guys did great!!
yeah I've found I'm lucky my gym is open so early.
It's hard at 1st but
They are delicous!
The peanut Butter Cup in my favorite!!!!!
On location doing our photoshoot!
M.O.J.O stylie!
RT : love my company.
thanks, sweets.
Hey, I was the first to RT, but you are not following me, oh well.
Just my luck.
Maybe next time
Exactly!
Whomever coined that word was a complete and utter genius.
The Flyers better not resign Matt Carle, instead sign Barret Jackman, a shutdown veteran defenseman who can wear the C for us
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
cant wait to see you either babe:
With my windows open, all my neighbors get to enjoy my music.
You're welcome, guys!
glutenfree buckwheat crepes
Welcome back Vin!!!
Is Hines Ward really one of the best blocking WRs ever?
Can this be quantified?
He is behind Brown, Carter,  many others
I receive!
If Im not sleeping, nobodys sleeping
Mainstream Radio will kill your mind UNPLUG/TURN OFF THE RADIO!
.
They don't call him Screamin' A.
Smith for nothing.
My hair's blue is barely there now haha
You can never make someone love you.
You can only make yourself worthy of being loved.
While walking , he broke off his leash to chase after another dog.
I ran after him, tripped, and fell sliding like I stole home!
very interested..
NYU road trip this week, you know what that means  a slice of sbarro in central park
thanks for the follow!
yeah , i cant skip anymore or ill be back for a 13th year at emsisd
Thanks for sharing this of KC.
Wonderful and definitely inspirational!
Thanks to my mommy
I'm reading over Kyle Minor's initial answers to my interview questions for an upcoming blog interview.
It's Gonna Be So Good!
I miss you  love you gerald  7 more weeks till summer :
that weekend wont work, i cant be there but we need to link with those dj's...
God first, family second, then everything else.
That sucks guys.
Sorry how it's gone down.
I was just starting to like s.Olifucker.
Packers are Heaven and Oh!
Everybody say's Tebow can't do it, ha, try naming 2 QB's in the AFC the same age/younger  better than him....Right Now.
Hey.
I know we had spoken about having a twitter debate.
I have to admit, I haven't been looking at your tweets lately....
thank you
Woot!
Next year I get to work w/ rural teachers to bring univ.
history course to their schools.
Trout Lake, Brewster, Oroville here I come.
me to
You can be in a room full of people and still feel lonely.
Don't give up!
The love of your life is feeling the same way right now.
Lamborgini mercy yo chick she so thirsty
My quarterly 401k statement estimates my retirement year at 2042...I'll take the under on that bet...easy money
Picketed NYU administration with NYU4OWS, NYU Faculty vs.
2031, Greenwich Village Hist.l Soc., UAW and studentsthat's a coalition
I've glad to see joe Biden getting behind samesex marriage.
Gonna be fuckin lazy as fuck tomorrow.
she's the worst thing i've been addicted to.
if Jerimiah had been a shepherd, we would have been pretty good with herds.
You too, Katie!
Congrats on the beautiful baby!
the end comes so unexpectedly .
2 full selection centers to view!!
Great carido..I burn up to 600 calories in an hour..
If Batum wants to be s star in this league, he needs to show up Every night , not every third game!
fair enough
well maybe if you werent mad at me we could oovoo lbs
I'm screening TheDictator tonight ...
so far looks just like another BoratBruno.
I will either love it or hate it!
RT : Q1 Manager and supervisors who own performance problems rather than pass them off on the training department.
Last day of filming.
Then finally getting back on a normal eating sleeping, and workout schedule.
I don't know why I have to listen to so much scott walker.
Great advice today re: charitable giving: engage donors in what the organization is passionate about.
Hm, obvious but well put
Hahaha this lady on the street is walking with her cat on the leash and it's the cutest thing
CORRECTION Caribbean Eclipse will be preforming Saturday 711pm
your cat lady realness is HILARIOUS
CORRECTION!
will release May issue on stands May 30th.
Publisher is selling magazine to a new entity, not closing
Paul rudd ages extremely well
am I too late?
Hey no worries.
Hope you had a great conference.
GoodMorning .
I like cheese , i like cheese , i like cheese !
the customization of computer desktops is really an extension of ourselves
On our way to Austin.
Jamming out to 80's
your tweets are rated 'R' today lol
Tweeting in classroom activities and lectures.
Summary.
Critique.
Provocation.
Query.
Extension.
Example.
March Day!
Burn, destroy, wreck and kill!
RT: Meteorologist Craig Edwards: Serious situation northwest of Twin Cities as spotters report tornadoes.
Wen they make weed legal lotta yaw gone starve lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
The world needs a  collaboration.
i am going to putinbay tomm
I'm so thankful for everything I have, it could be so much worse and I'm happy knowing it's not.
at this rate with my black outs im spending christmas in a hospital :
Had ball with my family down town tonight
is experiencing a high level of frustration with the new activstudio software!
I have more followers on than I do on twitter.
Now Tony Karaoke is making me laugh so hard it hurts near the sex box!
Getting ready for the BizTech today.
I'll be at the booth this aftern.
Some people are real good at being fake .
WTF why did the sound just go out??!!
The countdown is on  only 6 more days until the NABEFCareerFair  don't miss it, you might just be passing up a job !!
lefty power, that's how!
nasia we makin another account just me n u ok cuz i forgot the password to the other one and plus it was lame
Obama lamenta muerte de Steve Jobs
the biggest one did!
Well to me it did anyway
SORRY bout that spam...
spam sucks
The oilers have had so many top picks.
What's their excuse for not being able to put anything together for so long?
My birthday weekend w/ Blue Olives: Sprecher's tonight, Cap Brewery tomorrow, Fins Sunday.
90 minutes left until finals when we attempt to defend the title  UCWDC Worlds.
Thanks to everyone..fans, family n friends.
We love u all..
Is it me?
Or are plane flights crazy expensive right now?
No matter how near/ far.
Being out of LA I can actually smell the Fall and see the changing of the leaves!
A little different to get up when its still dark out
not to mention E!
makes Minnesota sound like it sucks.
Boo!
oh i was gonna say TRIPPLE TRHEATTTT
What's your instagram?
My mom doesn't like Adele because she sounds just like Janis Joplin.
Oh generation gaps.
when crystal castles starts your shuffle off, it's going to be a good day.
RT : How many Djs out there don't have the K Le Pasa remixes??!?
Yo!
Hardball Mitt Rmoney is like Dennys it MAY BE the only choice you have.
YUCK
RT : Sisterhood of the Traveling Vest!
;D
Riley/Silverman photo by
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC its so interesting :
my straightner sets off the smoke alarms in my house!
Reality is boring...come back soon ; : Time to go back to reality.
Thanks  for giving me a great break
Seriously can't keep my eyes open..
bed time, then back to work in the morning!
re: agency design isn't waterfall...
maybe water torture is a more apt term?
To impatient BK customers who want me to leverage you a cut in line: I'm charming, but I have my limits.
Also, no cutses NOR takebacksies.
said Ron Paul was predictable.
Its easy to predict what someone will say when they always tell the truth.
Don't you see?!
As the wealthy son of Michigan's governor, Mitt was ENTITLED to assault  batter a classmate.
Fake people will wish u the best, just as long as that best benefits 'em
Lincoln: It is the duty of nations as well as of men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God .
.
greatamericanhistory.net
Here It Comes...Slip The Jab
Donna Frye: Prop A is like a taxpayer funded trip to the craps table.
Yes sir!
lets go
Quote When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race.
H.G.
Wells
Think Nash has to make the move.
Tremendous run in PHX..nobody in the game today I'd rather watch play.
You don't even know
RedSox sold 216,257 tickets during the first weekend of ticket sales last weekend, enough to fill FenwayPark for 5.77 games.
I'll be on with my boy at 5:45pm talking Caps on 106.7 The FAN live from MSG!
any tips?
Need to do an energy audit myself soon.
what's your fav.
Credit Union/ small bank in Portland?
Huge thanks to our new followers!
We're excited to be in the neighborhood.
I'm great as well!
: did you do anything fun recently?
but a 3rd Arm would be helpful while texting.
RT please help trend keepfightinggary for an 18 year old boy from Scranton,Pa in hospice battling cancer for the 2nd time
ep.
1 of veep was fun, but real people don't say fuck that often...
and this is coming from someone who has the mouth of a fuckin sailor!
oh Davis  my little hippie hometown.
I'm so saddened by what happened.
doctorw Carrey told me to stay where I was.
I left.
Bought 'Little Manhattan today.good movie!
Q: How is PTSD being diagnosed before a soldier comes home?
What an amazing man and musician he was.
Thanks for being at CMS today
as I sit outside having dinner right now, I can't disagree.
about time!
They're from like the 80's!
Missed this yesterday!
BENEATH THE SHADOWS is on NetGalley.
Let me know if you need the link.
Thanks as well.
I enjoyed writing about the life of Mary G.
Ross.
no how is it?
RT : RT : Happy National Teacher Day!
How will you make time to thankateacher today?
Thank you kindly m'aam
Buy a one day pass and you will have it today and tomorrow.
At least 2 picks.
All picks must win or your money back..
TopShelfBets.com
i hope you're right.
i loove you loved your show at bristol, please follow me:D!
sfeng340, RRP 5 is evaluated and uploaded to the Blackboard Grade Center.
Yes!
on national TV again.
Thanks for the reminder, Katie.
Got Locked Up for the MDA today really need Bail money!Luckily I was left with some calls to get it together.
Call me at 262.391.6272.
You're not worth my time anymore.
sleep work in the
man I see I missed yo visit bro but we will link soon 4 sho
Up..
AGAIN!!!
this is becoming a bad habit..
I never knew the Full lyrics to the rolling stones brown sugar.
they're so racist I don't know how anyone can like that song
What did you end up doing?
Pineda gone for the year!: aaaaahhhhhh
After my beautiful Colette last year, I know my favorite accessory this year will be from 's 2012 Spring Collection
amazingly, or refreshingly?
Those moments when you just suddenly burst into tears...
releasing the pain you've held since the past few days.
Ohh..
How I miss my old bestfriend , Girl..
You got my digits!
Call me .
Broken , Sad , Lonely ...
HerpDerp

Do you have anything on Little Joe Blue ?
My shoes I just ordered are raw...
CHILdoctorN is on its first two show today!
And we're sold out all weekend.
ATTENTION: IF YOU TWEET SOMETHING I DONT LIKE OR I JUST THINK YOU'RE ANNOYING AS FUCK I WILL UNFOLLOW YOU  DONT FUCKING TWEET ME ASKING WHY
alrighty Twitter New York...
who's an amazing guitarist ready to learn some new chords to great music and hit the stage with me?!
Not sure what kind of wine they like...
gift certificates make the perfect Graduation, Teacher's gifts ever!!
We do 50 onsite wedding day makeup application travel fee for up to 20 miles.
Greater distances are quoted individually.
I saw you at the Cincinnati business awards!
I have to formally meet you in person!
What table are you sitting at?
ThingsIHate people who post stuff then get mad if you comment on it.
This Is The Most Risky Country To Fly In via
You too, dudes!
Hit us up if you want to come up north.
Well rage it out.
Ethnic identity has been oversimplified by researchers.
via Wong
talkin' bout bbq...
Do you smoke brisket ever?
Made my first successful 1 using a hi heat method.
how do you brisket?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
Sick kid, long commutes to daycare and work  a crappy day with lots of doctorving.
Thank you all for following!
You encourage me :
Minnesota TV mets to meet in June at Science Museum of Minnesota for fullday climate science workshop
I'd say that 60 of what we watch is via Hulu.
He's not right for you...
MegaIIN Where is David Wolfe's farm?
Pimping isnt easy but doing doctorgs, doctorssing poorly and slapping women around isn't that hard at all.
Its the only thing on my dad's resume
turn the heat up and toss a bucket of ice in the bed for Daniel.
Everything will be cool!
Last 3 days I've been engulfed in the book Operation Family Secrets.
If you're Italian, from Chicago or like mob history I urge you to read.
Riiiggghhhttt.
You be a team player when you up but If you know your the best and your Team down then you step up
Thanks for the shout out, guys!
times like this make me happy that I have Cablevision and won't have to watch a Texas vs SF Series on Fox.
Thank you Dolans
We are planning to launch our new website midAugust!
Thank you!
For every Goliath, there is a stone.
So take care.
Arm your computer  and yourself with the correct tools and knowledge!
April 21st celebrate The Space Needle's 50th w/ doctornk specials to fill up your bladder so you can pee and see the Needle via our periscope
doesn't have the focus to do anything.
No reading, flipping though zines, youtube nothing
Yw hope u follow meRT : Created a report on OBD0 trough OBD2 Honda ECU pinouts, codes, and troubleshooting, what did you do today?
Such a great way to keep Ss engaged throughout!
RT : Backchanneling is also great for movies, etc.
Am punching all of you when I see you.
Its so crazy how u talk a plan out but the execution of it is so off
if ppl can serve God in regular professorssions,why not with music that's not overly Christian?
Not my calling,but don't wanna judge
Partying hard tonight
I don't look at my TL, so if you subtweet me, tough noogies my nxgga.
shrugs
emanating.
a beautiful word
I know I miss u!
Girl: I'm ugly.
Everyone: Shut up you attention whore.
Girl: I'm pretty.
Everyone: Shut up you conceited bitch.
Hm...
thanks.
Any mention as to if born in one state, died in another?
Texans here we go time for lift off and get this win boys
don't worry I will be back super soon for late night pancakes 
Terry Collins is a pussy....in baseball theres unwritten rules....and you broke the rules you faggot.
YES!
Or...
be lame and order the canned version online along with some cheese curds
Get better soon!
Thanks for the great season, you are a BEAST!
I'll be curious to hear how you like them.
Anybody looking for a Tech job should follow They've got the skinny on all the cool new jobs.
The media just wants to tell the story.
It's up to readers to choose the action from there.
I love Tebow's positive outlook.
i see ur concert every other tour bc tixs r bit pricey.
can u give reason why i shouldn't skip when u come 2 philly n 2012
Time is running out!
Email Kate Jagmin at if you're interested in Elton Design's fall internship position!!!
I think the reason so many MU offensive players struggle in the NFL is because of the spread scheme.
Develops poor run blocking habits.
What do you think the best feature of Damon Fizzy is?
:D
Twitter friends, I rarely ask 4 favors.
But tonight, please vote for Jessica Sanchez in American Idol.
Don't waste great talent  pls RT !!!
I loved seeing you with your girls in the pool.
You can tell you workout alot.
Davis with two very poor shots...
better go strong.
One name...TONY LUCCA!
So proud!
Best performance I have ever seen on the voicehands down!
TeamAdam!
THANK YOU SO ARE WE,SOME OF THE THINGS HE DOES IS SO FUNNY I THINK HE IS GOING TO BE A COMIC.
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.
Unknown keep this in mind come March Rage
Thnxhope they keep their promise!
have a talk w/ David right quick..
In texas!
AND TRIED TO GET HIM ARRESTED.
FOR THROWING HALF A PEANUT BUTTER SANDWICH.
Calling Street Team who will be in NOLA for jazzfest and wanting to pass out handbills for tickets....
email
It's cool if getting laid by hot tattooed pinup chicks isn't your thing Bo.
obviously dan doesn't like me, only you.
i just had icecream :3 i need to run it off tomorrow!.
I did not get that spambot to follow you, FYI.
yeah, if he takes someone else there will be bloodshed, especially because I paid for my own ticket.
Oklahoma Football: Can the Sooners Overcome One of Nation39;s Toughest Schedules?
Lol good I read when I can  when i find a good book
Not many national analysts would be able to go threedeep on a team's QB roster.
Nice work on the Mariota mention.
OH NO RT : I DON'T WANT TO RUIN IT BUT EVERYONE DIES AT THE END!!!
ARROW got picked up for next season.
Looks like we have to go bowandarrow shopping for the next season of GCC...
blazers lose in classic fashion.
Felton misses final shot.
WRITING IN CAPS WHILE SPAMMING AUSTIN ISNT GOING TO GET HIM TO NOTICE AS MUCH AS ANYONE ELSE.
just saying.
.
Haha It's an 11:05 alarm on my 3minutes fast watch
My excuse.
My tweets get weird when I'm tired.
I'm tweeping.
Sleeping and tweeting.
OBVIOUSLY not a good mix.
Trail mix.
I wanna suck ur dick!!
Send me pictures of ur cock to my email
im trying to convince my mom to take me to streetleague in seattle, please help!!!!!
thanks for the RT :
Just finished watching Suburgatory on ABC It was hilarious!!!
It's gonna be a big hit!!!
Nice new site Bosley!
If you're not playing this Friday, come to 8x10 to see with Brooks Long.
3/23 8pm
Today 4 the 1st time in a long time I feel proud to be an American  thank you for your bravery  our
Our pleasure.
We love visiting Baton Rouge!
Y'all make it taste so good!
cody robert simpson i love you for ever 3
ugh Say it don't spray it
I'm looking for a blog that's interested in paying a friend of mine to share their stories about the real shit of being homeless.
Please RT.
Well, your tweets are pretty poignant.
Goof away tho'!
started reading :parenting through love and logic.
read it many yrs ago, reading again.
4 economic justice.
I got to GU med school says doctorWilder because my mother BROKE THE LAW.
She was on public assistance and worked 3 jobs.
Dude Make Sure U Hit Me Up!!
Comin Back Big Bro!
Would Never Forget About U!
it don't fit
New Tagline : Helena V.
Photography Inc.
More Than Just A Photograph!
First attempt at homemade pizza dough complete
and it took me forever to get to tonight because husband only replayed TheVoice's Anthony  Jesse battle ten times!
Ooh epic.
bonifacio home run.
everyone looks to the HR celebration light display in centerfield.
nothing happens.
welcome to marlins baseball.
the corner?
ColumbiaCity, RainierValley businesses looking for a great new promotional tool?
The ColumbiaCityCinema now offers onscreen advertising.
It's Thursday!
And that means we've got live music tonight at 7 ...
With Kelly Riley!
no problem.
See you at work on Tuesday and Go Cats.
Going to see my future sisterinlaw's beautiful wedding doctorss and we get to try on our bridesmaids doctorsses :
: LJ had that professorle page, but was def secondary to txt content; by myspace, professorle was central  blog secondary.
I Miss my Childhood friends ..
brittany it isn't far omg x
listening to Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever by James Patterson.
I love you Cody I'm here to support you through everything
all of em!
SPORTS/Soccer Mexico 0 Vs Venezuela 0 From Houston game min 2
Thank you so much to The Rotary Club of Dubuque for your generous support of Compass to Care's childoctorn!
Boilermaker chili RT Q6 What would be your perfect main course this Fall?
sorry my phone was dead!!
get ur goat on
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
The only difference between try and triumph is a little umph.
And I can tell you firsthand Omar that our Council President's commitment and sincerity is very real.
aw thanks : that makes me happy :
Starting our day meeting with the Detroit Works team.
Great group assembled here at the Home Base, including fellows
I love nice convos with cabbies
Diaspora was key in spreading the message of revolution via social media, especially when internet was limited
i wish i could just understand chemistry.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery.
I'm numb to everything around me.
Finally made the upgrade to Vista after how long?
CS3 is buggy tho, any suggestions?
Vista Ult 64
at least it's better than 4/20 Dude
popped into my head  :
THEY ARE PERFECT.
if you see me in a bear fight you better help that damn bear.
You don't need to help me Nolan Richardson
Crap!
It appears i have the cheese touch.
I hope they don't either
I need to shower, but I don't want to reapply the icey hot.
What to do, what to do?
It's always random things that make me desperately miss New York.
Today it's an email about tickets.
My apartment is literally falling apart!
Thank god im moving tomorrow!!!
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
Laotzu
3 you all are so special.
btw we all hang out in my doctorams now because I Instagram right before bed.
Let's go to the
that would have been great!
nars is magical, as i am sure you know!
;
On my way to China as a Hanban delegate.
Any one want to talk
Off day in Daytona.
Woooohooo!
'bout to order up a Bud heavy  cruise the beach.
Gotta show off this great body.
Yea, I can't predict what they would do to you, and experienced a wide range, from subtle to VERY intense.
ThingsIveLearned: NEVER take yourself too seriously.
Laugh...often.
Mike Tyson just cursed on MSG.
Too funny!
HE TALK TO EVERYBODY N THEY GRANNY
If we're being honest: Nikki Sixx isn't a great bassist.
They gave him an award at goldengods for surviving.
: sucks at angry birds!!!!
And 2k lol
motorcycle doctorve by  third eye blind
My sign says no solicitors dammit!
If it's not raw/health related....don't try to sell me shit!
My new saying is gonna be don't be a Todd
Good luck
Good to hear!
Well you've got the summer coming ; RT : Aww..Hey Nena!
Wknd was nice..didn't get to have Tequila shots tho lol!!
Followed you Cody!
:D
US soldier
LA Confidential  Sold Out
I hear you're an activist!
You should check out the new conscious lifestyle mag in whole foods nationwide!
more hugs
We like big eggs and we cannot lie.
Appreciated the ChicFilA provided this weekend.
Haha RT : Just got called cute by what I had assumed was a straight male.
Thanks for the mention :
gotta love capitalism's quirks!
They're only becoming more prominent.
I have christmas cookiez.
Want some?
:
Cmon it's just Sunday Fundayyyy 
The time can change us...
Welcoming to Twitter!
In england, if sprite is called lemonade, what is lemonade called?
Rachel got a twitter!!!
everyone follow her!
I need a cocktail!!!!
Just got home well that was fun
Wait...Who said Rondo couldn't shoot?
Hope you like man!
No prob dude!
I miss both of you guys and btv :P
Flashmob going down this Wed night or Saturday.
Stay tuned.
same here.
def want to keep in touch on events.
RT : Is doing a turn on booth duty.
I've now completed Level 4
MyMotherToldMe if you don't anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
Prepping for kickoff mtg w/ Menttium in Mpls.
I've volunteered to mentor a nonprofessort COO as part of new program.
Looking forward to it!
Piano  Studio version of Hair must be insane!!!
Went to PX and commissary  noticed it's not cheaper than anywhere else.
Thought we, as a nation, would give better pricing to military...
I love u car but sometimes u get on my damn nerves.
.
thanks for the RT!
My dog will let me put whatever I want in her mouth.
That's nuts!
with my password ..check ur DM !!
Looking forward to this week's National Homevisiting Summit hosted by and
Lucky bitch.
haha fkn bitches these days i swear
The nebulous attack on the free market needs to stop.
It is the FEDERAL RESERVE and the six Mega Banks that CONTROL WALL STREET!
your impression of 'her' keeps poppin up in my head lol I wanna hear it again 
I'm so sorry to the folks that got that stupid spam text from me.
My twitter account has obviously been hacked.
Don't click on the link!!
YOU ALSO KNOW DAMN WELL THAT THE IDF ALWAYS TRIES TO GET CIVILIANS OUT SAFELY!
Hamas pushed them back in.
Tell the truth!
Hahaha.
Exactly.
Last time I checked, you were slangin' some cocktails at Points East.
public libraries anybody have crazy amounts of people wanting study rooms?
we are 1/3 booked already for tomorrow and 1/4 for sat and sun
just watched segments of Lets Talk About.
Wish more women were as introspective as you about relationships.
Happy New Year!
I enjoyed it but wish you could have spoken for another hour or so to give us details.
Do less with less is right on!
No doubt...never sleep, never stop.
Mucho appreciation
Omg, you're tweeting again!!
At least you're honest about it.
:
: You're the second winner, Christian!
Adding you plus one to the Yelp list...
just give 'em your name at willcall
learning a code language with your best friend, and then falling out over something stupid 10 minutes later :'
please follow me!
It'd mean the wolrd3
It seriously was the best Easter ever, no joke.
: :D
Like a Real Housewives episode, I bet.
I mean that Monica
Thanks for your interest in ZOOMERS, boomers with Zip!
Use the term in reference to Active Aging with the following citation: www.demko.com
.666 per song, you guys!
u already
In Music Meeting Plain White Ts Rhythm of Love In a fight with Jack Johnson and Jason misterz for most light and mellow
and that's one of the reasons why I took my account and threw it through a wood chipper.
you think your a hero No I'm just a messenger Transformers;DarkSideOfTheMoon.
Who wants a PS3 Move Bundle Pack?
Follow for ur chance to win!
Any epic game battles happening this weekend?
JWA
Tonight 7p Martuni's San Francisco; TST, the eversostylish Norman Vane  SF Cabaret Showcase Showdown winner, Alyssa Stone!
no wonder you call him misterFabulous!; Just saw the post!!
xoxo!
offense is nonexistent.
Before those threes they'd hit ONE jumper in 16 min of play
it deff was
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years
Yeah, no phone calls, no conversations, no distractions, no voicemail  only NOTIFICATIONS!
Hahaha!
You're so money and you don't even know it!
Mid afternoon nap perhaps
'Preciate everybody that's been down  stayin down wit ...He hard  work on the album...He won't disappoint ya'll wit this 1!
I didn't say that.
He's the best outside of Tyler Wilson and Aaron Murray.
There's no denying that.
So glad I stepped out to catch the shuttle flyover.
I only wish we'd had Josie with us.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...
Yeah!
Experiencing for the first time.
Thanks for letting me make an ass of myself.
Made my day when my very country teacher says a student has swag
side note, but I figure I should tell u.
I'm transferring back to UO in the fall.
Pumped to be back on the
ALSO ON TUMBLR IM FINDING GIFS OF HIM.
dying
have you been to our website?
shake shake shake your booty, shake your booty!!
lol
Eating at Court Street Diner in Athens, OH Then goin back down south
I need to apply there.
When Hugh Hefner dies, will he really be going to a better place?
Sorry about the bad link.
Was working when I posted it.
But yes, you found the right info anyway.
:
no worries, it was great to meet you too!
Let us know if your band is playing any shows soon.
I love my giants!!!!!
i also love my raiders :
cheers for the follow, Vasek.
enjoying your stream...
looks like we're on the same page re TweetFeel ;
Listening to usher, I got a confession
Pay day!
totally motivated 
PRFer TimPickens: asking them to use a Doritos taco shell for my Cheesy Gordita Crunch was one of the best decisions I've made in years.
They should have fired him after the Lakers final, a change is long overdue.
So I'm back to thinking about moving to LA.
I would love any pros and/or cons you have to offer :!
Good Morning Everyone :
I cam almost hear the rant on youtube coming
Headed to NYC for big show tonight with The Wild Magnolias and Honey Island Swamp Band at Sullivan Hall!
; I figured just saw an opportunity to spread the word
Put a smile on!
So we'll be out chalking periodically through the day...if you see us on campus, be sure to stop us, say hey, and ask about upcoming events!
Show in 30 minutes.
Will we have some whitney houston material?
Come find out.
lol how r u ?
Nice!
I know what I'm working on next.
Hooray for an early spring!!
Weather Journal: Groundhog Agrees With Early Spring via
If time is money I'm an hour past paid
oddly enough, saying Matt Morain 3 times out loud works just the same.
Not that gifts make up for me not being able to be around...
But since there are kids involved, I wanted it to feel like Christmas.

Are YOU still.serious about lunch?
I miss you...
a lot :
Great to meet you today!
We put the link to blog on our Facebook for all our fans to click  see....
xoxo
Producing some cool graphics for the SuperBowl.
The party is in Indy this weekend!
friends that abandon you so easily probably weren't as good a friend as you thought they were anyway.
RELOCATE ALREADY!
I need a roommate!
lol
Waiting for round 723 between vs Popcorn bag is pretty lonely right now.
my world is dull without you
My cousin cat cook some talApia fish that was off the chain earlier
Stolleee my sign .
UGH
Any hot party bitches in vegas wanna come party like rockstars at godsmack with me on sunday?
I got passes!!
No flakes.
I AM DYING LAUGHING!
Please let the lakers win the series...!
Both is courteous.
Planning salads for a summer party: chicken, chickpea, potato, bean/bacon, cuke/dill, tomato, and ???
Ya'll Hear that Nokia Clap?!?
Watching the spirit of joplin on
I just like that we're still using the term automobile.
: RT: New White Sox Slogan: Retro Jerseys: Because it's Easier Than Putting a Quality Team on the Field.
looks like im not gettin any sleep
Act like summer and walk like rain
i hope by getting the vehicle, they are one step closer!
People who take care of everyone need taken care of the most.
I could seriously watch Remember the Titans everyday, and still get chills!
Just added an 1894 Yonkers Park Hill Brochure to VictorianSource.com.
Beautiful lithograph map and several early 1890s photos
you got it?!
yay!
alright thats coming up next!
any other requests??
you totally have to tell Sam Llanas's bass player or guitarist that Ethan says hi
WGTTH with be on the Dylan Ratigan Show this afternoon starting at 4pm on MSNBC, live from Washington DC.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 8
And we're ready to rock on this beautiful Monday morning!
yay!
Coming to the city later maybe going to the fest on Sheffield
So Mahomies Friday's are Normal for us now?
Just like that?
I'm so proud of Austin but he can't just leave us /3
I feel like I'm forgetting to pay a bill this week..
Fuck
No, I get it, I was just responding.
john cena h or hbk dx but u no wat i mean
Can't wait to go to home for a week!!
Hopefully I'll get to see everyone that matters!
lol cheesedoctornk.
The last Mac I made had 1/2 cup of beer in it.
No cheesedoctornk to report but it was addicting.
Commence wiley2012!
doctorBenefiel reading unpublished letters from early Methodists to the brothers Wesley
No...thank u!
RT getting hooked on the burgers and Onion rings!!!!
Thanks Guys!!
Watching the hawks preseason game!
Boy do i love me some hockey3 ive missed it.
thanks for the follow!
Please follow too!
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Holy crap.
: a wise man once said smoke weed  it must have been the wisest advice any man has ever given lol
HILARIOUS, that's what I just ate
doh!
A beautiful mistake
got me some blackberries!
:
Working hard, working late, loving life.
I am Meochia owner of My Times Travel, hello ladies, I am happy to be here with you!
Apparently a pump station failed and will be fixed shortly.
No word on how many customers are experiencing trouble.
hintsthesexisGOOD when a chic start talking bout future places she going and thro in maybes like if you wanna come with her.
I could never be a working mom.
Or a staying home mom.
Simply put, I could never be a mom, period.
;
Okay...
I'm having your baby!!!
The IPO is days away though, and they'll have to file a new S1 if the deal doesn't get pushed through before.
9ers!
Please!
Let's do this!
TXT me thursday though cuz I get my new cell tomorrow cool?
my old one broke in half lol
BubbaWatson step it up.
Your in the
Put my damn game on!
no problem3
Thanks for the mention!
Falling asleep to the rain 
It's taco time...
Everyone follow my band if you don't want me to punch you in the stomach.
Will our commercial air after a home run from AdoctoranGonzalez or JacobyEllsbury?
Only time will tell!
Also, any theme/purpose to the tweetup or just social?
Finally, are YOU going to be there?
;
Great, it's raining and lighting in Corpus Christi.
I'm scared now!!
Protect me??
:p
What's your flight number?
Might track it :
YouTube gave a speech yesterday at CES and said that they will be investing 100 million in original content
3 thank you!!!
awesome!
just meet her on tweeter right now lol
I love Jason's cat daddy!
Oh yes.
Lol :p
Chance getting into these colleges?
Positive words will create positive ripples.
Today be sure you can say at the end, I did or said something that will have positive results!
definitely iPhone
thatawkwardmoment when you hear Summer of 69 playing, you think of another song....mmmh yeah.
you know.

Hey!
Great to see you here!
Thanks for listening in on the discussion.
This time he blogged lithe contortions
I'll give my all to you, Body  Soul .
Hey just wondering if the Connect chat feature is active again?
Or is it better to use a different platform?
Thanks!
Don't let the bastards get patron....
A trailer jackknifed on the loop to NE and there is an accident on the way to the lower valley as well.
Jeez.
FlyMeToLondon !!!
Mainly so i can see ;
I swear boy I'm bout making money in any kind of way
Bingo!
hahah, i know right?
;
Oh god at blondies with and her sister..this place is sketch
May the sun shine warm upon your face and rains fall soft upon your fields.
Eliminate procrastination.
Completion is the engine of power, freedom and peace of mind.
everyone have a good day?
Does anyone use Advantage Advertising Software?
What're its benefits?
and I need answers!
What you guys do for Valentines Day?
Anyone get it in?
Haha
I secretly hope that my school burns down whenever there is a fire doctorll so that there is a nicer school built.
oh yea lol I died the whole thing like a violet black red  the bottom lighter violet but I cutt it all off :
Work like u don't need money, dance like no one's watching u and love like you've never been hurt before
really?
What time is it where you are?
So what day are you stopping in for your Island Frydays fix?
Cause that's what I am right now.
Swole or swoll.
You don't have a puppet named Lambchops, by any chance?
:
Florence, Italy: Brunelleschi's Dome
Just watched The Announcement.
Everyone should watch it.
Magic Johnson is a true hero.
If had to say yes to everything for 1 day what would you ask me to do??
xx:
: There is more to life then Japanese cars  DEAD.
Pretty sure that's just the chloroform...
RT : When his scent lingers on your pillow, all you want to do is sleep.
Well that's likely the series.
Canucks couldn't score at the mustang ranch with a suitcase full of 20s
Kudos to all the sponsors , BJ Market and Pastor Pfleger for feeding 2,050 in Auburn Gresham community!
Wow...
great job people!
Anyone else not loving the new Gmail layout?
I'm having trouble getting into this one...

A lot of people changed on me
Congratulation to who is graduating today, I'm so proud of you !!!
I measure the awesomeness of my nights by the clothing I manage to lose.
I need to figure out where my bra fits in on the rating scale.
No one really understands how you feel about some one.
Ya know until your best friends tell your crush, Hey you kid!
This girl loves you
its a beautiful night in
I never knew that the UtahJazz had green uniforms.
CANNOT BELIEVE THAT HIGH SCHOOL IS OVER  
I didn't realize it was still winter in Chicago.
Very big game today let's go boys
Download the Live 365 app, search UCTC Radio and stream the show live every Friday at 11AM CST.
This Friday will be on live!
Thanks for theslpeepsSaturday shout out!
If you dont see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.
FREE ThingsToDoInVegas 2nite every second Saturday dowton Freemont FOOD TRUCKS, DJ'S, BANDS.
kicks at 6p ?
I wouldn't be mad at that
what would it look like if Mitt.
did it?...
Risk just doctorfting down.
FX.
I still favor long trades here from R/R.
Vaguely recall throwing a taco at someone on Court st.
You finally came out
oh my...LOVE that book :
so sexy!!
The greatest LB of all time Ray Lewis, LT John Ogden, Shannon Sharpe, Johnny Unitas, Raymond Berry
wow..
iimcrushed ok then is it your leg, stomach, arm, back of neck?!?1 ijustwon didn't i?
Looking forward to the Bare Naked Ladies concert poolside at Red Rock tongiht!
Can you ask him if it's true that he doesn't tip?
I heard it on Radiolab, so it must be true.
Hopefully seeing an old friend tomorrow.
Yeah
Seeking is not always the way to find.
Augustus William Hare and Julius Charles Hare, Guesses at Truth, by Two Brothers, 1827
many thanks for you message of congratulations.
Agreed both in happiness and in sadness, that bond is indescribable
At Vons in Claremont!!
moveon.org having a rally in support of grocery workers!!
Apostles emphasized what Jesus could do THRU them.
Name of Jesus should be used in faith not magic.
Christ himself gives our prayers power.
I rushed and now I'm sorting in class with barely ten kids.
happy doctorgon year benjamin
Let me ask you something, what is not art?
Puppies for adoption at Paw Naturals!
1pm  3pm
Made mini eggplant pizzas for the girls...they were yummy!!!
hibachi lunch with mom's side of the family 
Let's go Rangers!
Although I don't know if my body will allow me to stay up for another OT game..
we don't have nickel of your money.
Topspin media does.
If you're gonna be angry at someone direct it there.
Lloyd Heart Attack  Trey Songz Heart Attack
malibu beach trip and smores with my two oldest and best girls!!!
Known Emily since I was 2 and Lena since I was 4, and still kickin it!
Thanks for the follow Mishikea We're kindoctord spirits in the vision  mission of empowering women!
Thanks for the Mention!
Don't wanna be without you, my judgement's clouded, like tonights sky.
LOL!
I was in Bangkok last week.
I'm in LA for a quick visit.
Hope all is well especially w/ the typhoon over there.
Check us out tonight at club atrium and watch shut that bihh down!!!
S/O to jit and the whole Poe Boy fam!
You should connect with and Two great companies making some killer leather goods.
did you see the haircut!?!?
Hahahahaa!!!
doctornk and stuck watching DesperateHousewives with a chick, wondering why scott bacula hasn't leaped home after kissing the girl?
wheres al?
Glad u love it, TY!
I find 2 many 2 times in life people get discouraged by what other people say, instead of going 4 goals!
;
Never have I felt so bad for someone
Having a small glass of Zinzinnati Hefewiesen from the tap...
YUM
I love it when I'm right.
you're welcome sir!
...and the 90s movies stars should be grateful for our style
kewl shoot I can't wait till this afternoon.
Its suppose to be gorgeous an hot :P
Request: Record a few different versions of you saying Ball Night!!!
so that I can make it into an amazing ring tone.
Last image of Longitude was almost an extended metaphor; cartoon kept time even while moving through changing scene.
Like Harrison!
SRO at the panel on distributed custodial frameworks for archival preservation
Off to an audition!
Some great things have come in lately  a ton of Kierkegaard from a local scholar and flaneur, some trout fishing, miniature books...
OK, so I'm on twitter...now what?
Say something witty and intelligent?
Oh well, we'll see how long this lasts...
Also RoryGilmore on MadMen?
Love!
It!
amen !!
SHRED!
giveBIG has raised over 1.5 million for San Diego nonprofessorts!
Dunkin' Donuts coffee and muffin, it's your job to get me through this morning today.
Manchester Utd.
Let's do this.
kindlefire is so slow I can feel brain slowing down as I use it.
I have never slept as well as Tim Cook should tonight.
What would Life be without Music, Sports  any form/type of Theatre?
Damn.
We cant be the 1st or last either yaamean?
The entire episode was pretty great, ranks as a favorite I think.
Although there was no cute cry worthy part in it.
Anyone know where I can find some good academic journals?
let's make flyers
As a photo person, CiteYourSources  inst.
name, date, collection, item ID.
More info, the better!
THAT'S NOT ME!
uploading the beastie boys tribute mix!
Maybe next year I can also go to THATcamp with something built out enough from content and audience that adds to the conversation.
RT : Want to save on your next ticket purchase?
Save 5 off your next show.
Just use discount code twitter...
I rather be scrutinized by the most intelligent and thoughtful, then be adored by the doctornedout masses.
I just read Lady Bunny's Huffington Post blog that I think you commented onIf so, well said!
Couldn't agree w/ you more!
Congratulations to Ryan Fecteau of the on being elected Treasurer!
What's a starship?
Like honestly
Big S/o to for coming out and supporting the Movement last night
both sound disgusting...but id hate to have them reshelf the meat and one of us buy it and eat it.
I can wash the underwear.
TWITTER What's up?
RT : So excited for a and roadtrip to Toronto tomorrow!!
GO HAWKS!!!
SAG  AFTRA merge pisses me off.
I was in debt w/ both for 6 months paying force join initiation fees.
Couldn't even afford tuna fish
CMS has proposed 2010 payment rate updates for acute and longterm care hospitals that will not please hospital officials...
you arent even in this league?
Like doctorwing/coloring?
Are you free Saturday from 47?
If so come join us at to create posters for the Cannabis Freedom
Thsnk you again everyone who has voted for us !
Next gig is Saturday 3/3 at Roadhose Rags at 8PM!
Georgetown or Redang in Malaysia?
67.96 of the time yes :
Make the ground move that's an assquake
What's your tumblr URL?
I tried to get your treats out today, but I didn't get them done on time to get them shipped...
God understands you will make mistakes at any age.
Just have a relationship with Him
French press Rita Maya coffee yum
still gotta start that.
Eesh.
Interesting  in effect using other human filters to filter for you :
Omg why is it so hard 2 try 2 get noticed by I wish tht 1 day he would c a tweet tht I mentioned him in plz RT:
The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off doctornks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10!
345 N Broadway
Thanks for the follow Josh.
Winner amazed by return
Also, Dallas.
RT 2012 y'all.
RT : Radio ad in Dallas for the Byron Nelson says...where the PGA meets TA.
You could another World to that list with the epic thud of Waterworld which I would consider worst than SpiceWorld.
One day your life will flash before your eyes.
Make sure its worth watching.
Enjoy your day, Mothers!
I had that same problem yesterday!
Everything is so cute!
Have an easily accessible privacy policy and about section so your site seems more trustworthy
seconded.
I have a.party to get ready for, and that involves a lot of hauling.
Come on Advil!
Used to think failure would kill me, but now I'm trying to see this failure as an opportunity for bigger and better things
bout to hit the gym
Don't need the conference badge, just need a pic or two from on the floor or somewhere to show you're here.
:
Was at the White House today for the young electeds reception.
Max the dog's owner: We wish Kyle Dyer a fast, speedy, healthy, recovery.
we need to karaoke!
ARE YOU READY?
That feeling you get when 'he' talks to you about another girl.
/3
Awesome.
Thanks!
Few instances where crowdsourcing widely instead of wisely generates needed info
Note to self: next time you grocery shop for an Easter feast, its probably not a good idea to bike...
Its ready!
Now we wait to see if anyone shows up...
LMFAO!
omg x this cracked me up, but yes...so true.
Fk Scar.
If u can step, u can walk.
If u can walk, u can run.
If you can run, u can leap.
If u can leap, u can soar.
It all begins w/just 1 step.
it's a great event, went to TEDx Denver last year...
I am impressed by u more every day.
Thanks for being aware and promoting causes u believe in!
Ppl like u change the world.
I got overconfident on squats this morning and went for an extra rep on my heavy set, during which I lost my form.
Not fun.
Man, man, man...
He don't even know!!!
Most of these people aint about they business they just wanna surround themselfs with the Bosses!
can i buy it anywhere yet?
On my way to Charleston  can't wait to start KEPLER rehearsals tomorrow !
much love 2 Thanks for coming 2 the show, laughing, not throwing any food at the stage and tweeting about ur experience
TONIGHTTemptation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Danceclub
i'm graduating next month with honors!!!
Thanks Jo.I did very well; now it's up to the casting director in Pittsburgh to select me, thew best 1 for the role.
A weekend with two 7yearolds...
Best.
Birth control.
Ever.
So whats everyone up to?
:D
Thanks for the RT!
It's a great site, despite the name.
:
Yeah, I heard the stage music come on.
How are they gonna do that all over again next week?
The two week idea is so dumb.
Lazo: an archive for hemispheric american studies?
an ontological impossibility.
Halloween Party next week!
thanks for the follow!
See ya at the NYTM's!
Chilling in Chicago with an old friend
Are you a performer?
I'm listening on the radio.
the announcers are major punchy  had some fun w/that one.
ha can I call u that?
Just got an IWW?
Now customize it with a Band Bundle only 15
RT The P.I.D.
Machine Kickstarter has now raised over 300k!
Wow.
amazing // Interesting project they have going...
NOW THAT'S IMPRESSIVE lol
NE1 know source 4 FrederickDouglass quote beginning: Though the colored man is no longer subject to barter and sale, he is surrounded by...
Got it.
Thanks.
...
I still hate Evan Turner's punkass
Did the NY Times cross word without cheating
This song
This kid has every negative comment to say but if I was to reverse it he'd stfu
Make my wish come true by following me and my bestfriend 3 we love you:D
RT Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
Feels good working out after all that holiday feasting.
Thanks Camp Gladiator!
: Had my eyes tested.
I need glasses!
Does this mean I'm getting old?!
Ah, no.
It's a sign of intellect.
;
spiritual consciousness  what is core purpose?
what would meaningful work look like; what contribution are we making on planet?
well he's pretty worth it, so i doubt he'll believe her: 333
The warmer your farts are the worse they stink
Some decades ago I was given a life to live.
No preview or choices.
No exchange or return.
No practice or complaints.
My one and only...
AH iSee bieber shirts :D
pfft I wish.
You're too far 
A lot of time in one spot today, tons accomplished though....just about back in action
It's easy to forget that everything we do is for other people.
With my taxes all done and sent out early.
TAX DAY is now ART DAY!
All day :
hi nathan how are you?
whoa, did you just called sugar ray bad?
unfollowed
Tyler Bray before Barkley lmao!!
I've seen it all
what's the deal??
I love That call WAS bogus!
We SHOULD be up 9!
Gah!
bye!
goodnight thanks!
All the love in the world can't be gone, The need to be loved can't be wrong!
OMG plz follow me im waiting for the day!
NEVER SAY NEVER!:
: The for how many of iterations can there be?!
Wat the hell am ii doin up so early
I find that I am doctorwn to Byronic Heros and Tragic Heros in literature: Batman, doctor Jekyll, Sherlock Holmes, Indiana Jones etc.
Follow your hunger, not your appetite!
Esther claims to represent users, brand owners claim to represent noncommercial interests, Senate makes fair use of Mickey  Donald.
and and are very richmond bands that have become local famous in the last 5 years
Marriage has no guarantees.
If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
Equally as bad is biting into an apple and finding half of a worm.
I miss saying mark zuckerbergesque things that I used to at my old job.
I'm the only one in this building capable of doing this work
slash lucky
Out of 300 NLH.
Tough to win when you bet the flop, he raises, you rr all in 9x more and he can't fold top pair mid kkr.
14 outs 2x whif
what about one?
PIERRE miss you!
I did not miss my parents
Just found a dollar on the ground
You should be able to sign in.
IPB released version 3.3 of their community suite.
A new REfb theme will be used soon.
NE
RT : Matt and Jason can cook!
Need proof?
Check out their recipes in the Rock  Roll Cook Book!...
It's a meeting on ebook designs and functions, for a history book.
It's not a good heading to focus on with what happened last night.
3 bud/lt  coors doctorfts and 4 bud/lt  coors btls till 7pm at !
Then RANGERS game 730!
Come bounce with us!
Sometimes coffee Sometimes tea.
My phone's been nicked by cher  the boys from 1direction just beat me up cos ive got asthma
make me feel bad.
Like I need help in the department.
Oh well, I just saw that Mattel came out with a dog collar for your dog so that it
Have a great time and keep up the tweeting!
He'd say you're welcome but he'd likely include an fbomb in it.
RT : Traffic is a nightmare ...thank u Joe Biden .
Mickey Newberry Looks like Rain
My one account just RTs all of Austin's tweets about food:p lol
Nothing is gonna change my world
So happy to have had a fun impromptu rock climb today!
is getting interviewed for Star Wars documentary next weekend!
Dear , plz quit yr PhD program to do laundoctor with me.
Love, Diane.
Really wants to play an early April show..
Any open slots?
I called my local pizza joint last night.
I asked for a thin crusty supreme.
They sent me Diana Ross.
hey!
We would love for u to let northeast houston know about your brew  our sampling event Tasting the Town!
Want some info
Love will not betray you dismay or enslave you, it will set you free.
oh sure connecticut can declare a winner....oregon not so much
What's old is new again RT : Exit polls from Waukesha were tragically lost because no one hit save.
haha hopefully!
thanks :
.
Thank you for sharing our site, Paul!
Following you back now!
:
Friday was not so bad..
but it wasn't my favourite day :D
awesome!
Congrats!
Great, Ryan, I'm so glad you enjoyed it.
Andersen is a local hero here.
I'm not someone who ignores the issue of Palestine, but you can't start a state opposing your state in your own country...
Giants Fri nite live DJ kicks his set off with Brass Monkey, very appropriate
Yesterday is but a doctoram, tomorrow is only a vision
an ice rink with an ice problem...they will pay
Don't know what narrowarsed crackheads shop  but MY plump butt sure aint fittin in those shorts.
Words like Tebowing are more properly gerunds.
Great to be back after a long vacation.
It's hard to believe Christmas is three weeks away.
What are your plans for the holidays this year?
When watching sports on tv from the traditional sports like baseball and foot ball to alternative sports like MMA and pro wrestling,
Just saw your  reply.
Thanks for the compliment.
let's go see it!
Bagel and Lox at Russ and Daughters on E.
Houston would be my 1 choice.
LOVE JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER 3My name is BELIEBER My blood is PURPLE I speak Bieberish I live in Biebers world.
Ima proud Belieber
oh yes The Woman directed by Lucky Mckee?
It was on now I see!
LOL
Listening in where...
it's okay!
thanks!
Video interview with the directors of InterArts the new operating organization for the Cathedoctorl Park Jazz Festival
How does one cite a tweet chicago/turabian style?
100 serious question.
hm...
Can't be as good as hanging with chef Keller.
People always complain about something in their life.
You have to make the best out of it with what you've got.
Trust me.
My thoughts exactly...end of an era is a perfect way to put it...
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
Idk where its gonna go but I like the feeling
RT : so what was that gardenchat cocktail at IGC tweetup last year?
gardenchat  The Sage Advice
The satisfaction of being able to jump in my pool when ever I feel like 
Thanks.
i want everyone to meet them if i can't meet them it's fine 3 : .
why are you in St Louis?
i haven't seen you in days!
you're so cute with your bangs and whatnot.
:
long live zimmerman tagged on OSU campus, it's gettin real up here
national doughnut day tommorrow.
i will be making the rounds for free doughnuts.
when will dunkin get out to DENVER!
However before we get started...
how is the market looking in your area?
Has business for real estate video picked up??
The Heart Attack Grill offers free meals to any customer who weighs over 350 pounds
yes!
I had dinner there the other night at
KEEP THE MENTIONS GOING FOR FOR A FREE TICKET INTO MY CABANA WITH ALL THE PLAYBOY LADIES ; WE WILL SEE YOU HAS THE MOST METIONS
We can supply..BroadbandMobilesCalls  LinesVOIP SystemsAnalogue systemsHosted ServicesLeased Lines...and more!
Call:0844 880 2010
4WordsYouDontWantToHear I think I'm Pregnant FUCK!
Successful investing is anticipating the anticipations of others.
John Maynard Keynes
Bubbaaaaaaaaaaaa for the win!!!
So happy for and his family.
God is good!!!
I wish summer would hurry up and come so I can go to Austin and party everyday with :
I be Beasting
projects in the form of songs are very fun to watch
Do you all like the
can we make a fuck out of ?
Be sure to sign up for our launch.
W.urbansavers.com.
more info coming soon!
.
I can never get passed 1,080
I'll tell you who didn't win in that trade...the fans.
GoGetter RT : life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself
It's Michelle's famous beef stew for lunch...my favorite!
are you being serious?!
Let's do it up!!
Universities...under govt patronageseats of sinecures, idleness, exploded errorswhtvr the ruling party judges expedient.
What could be better than 1D and Vegas?
Only 's show.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Princess and the Titties...
Today makes 1 week until Flatstock 29 opens at in Austin!
It's FREE  Open to the public!
Everything you need to know: bit.ly/gLOu7b
Mallrats...
A classic 90s movie.
I love video on demand.
Thanks
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do.
There can be no courage unless you're scared.
Edward Vernon Rickenbacke
Hello my friends..
has been a long time since i visit my twitter account..
I ate Jackfruit today.
Really yummy!
:
Father and Son or Joe both by Larry Brown.
If n/f then Keynes vs Hayek.
We want to give SA love as much as the other cities!
You can help by telling all your friends about us.
;
There are moments when I don't want to watch movies by myself.
But I do...and I only cuddle with Steve and melman.
Excuse me while i watch myself some Percy.
:
The greatest mistake is trying to be more agreeable than you can be.
Bagehot, Walter
backinelementaryschool Kick ball was the game!
I used to murk that rubber ball for a homerun!
ik whos gunna fail keyboarding!!!
:D and its this girl right here ;D
Tien Tzuo CEO of now doing afternoon aatc keynote around the Subscription Economy
now i'm not feeling that tired, da fug
Guys guys guys guess whaa?
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
d:
add/like/befriend/welcome Western Scene.
Business is always business !
I wasn't put on earth to fight wars or explain about politics!
I was put just to do business.
Dwain T.
Pipe is studying his maps  checking the radar as he gets prepared for his big night of giving the weather report at the UofA game
and ME.
seriously cannot wait!!
Maybe it wasn't a dirty hit...but I have no problem with Doan getting tossed.
Tough luck.
Fucker.
Thanks for following !
Hope to share with you!
I sleep to get away.
I wake up to go back to sleep.
Just found out that we're getting 8 Canon XHA1S cameras and accessories for my Video Art class next year!
I'll do anything once...but that wont happen twice.
Goldplated?
nah, I'd rather have the glossy piano black back on the slim.
Glossy is the new black.
Omg only one more day of vaca!!!!
Its going way to fast man!!!
:O
I mean it might help if you do.
Just might
Hate to say it!But i'm kind of diggin this rain...
And now the heat gon lose.
It was fly...
RT But FATabul0usLola gave me the cutest bracelet last night....bitch just be makin jewelry  givin it away lol
The things we get to eat in 3rd block lmao
thank you sweet girl :
Great one for Lombardi Fence!
RT Perfect mantra for the week from : Bring on the Bills, remember the Bucs.
I Miss You Too!!
RT : I Miss My Friend :
Giant Anthem X Advanced 29er introduced
I got Clippers in 6.
Lakers in 7.
Boom!
Model respect...to refs, parents, and team players.
Coaching Tip
Did your numb foot come from your new launches?
Likely is an issue w/ shoe laces vs footstrike
I like pussy Get at me
look at my homie.
Laughin at us a year ago about twitter til I told him abt Now my man lives on twitter!
why?
Not like you'll kiss someone son :p
waiting to get on the pkane to texas lls
Duh?!?!
Lol RT : Wtf...
so I'm the crazy one for not knowing the Houston rodeo is a big deal?
wants one and me too!:
everything thats shining aint always gonna be gold
seo Glenn, great post!
Canonical URL tag information was especially helpful.
Thought I just heard yell when Hummel hit the last 3.
whoa  she brought up the whole soul thing.
that was so 2009.
ps.
julie  heading to sxswsea 3/83/13.
you going?
ok, excellent.
Now I know what your speaking about in reference to UUID's.
Thanks for setting up that post!
Sure it will keep up the great work!
I hope since I'm an upcoming actor will have a chance to work with you one day!
Good luck!
what kinda phone
Yesterday I fell inlove today feels like my Funeral
Incredible response to Steve Job's passing.
A true testament to one man's vision touching all corners of the world.
Morning peps!!
Those of you late night tweeps that have any interest in Economics check out the Reddit community's QA with Paul Krugman
my heart does sometimes.
Wasn't that enough?
RT Matthew Broderick...He hasn't done anything worth watching since Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
how the hell is jc single???
He's nice, hot, hot, hot and nice!!
: haha
I think you should read a little more about the history of the Jews.
They were run out of almost every country in Europe.
Al right!!!
It's FINALLY going to be warm this weekend.
I want to play outside!!
wow, what a beautiful Portland day....

A COMPLAINT ALL THE TIMES 4 BLESSIN JUST SAYIN.
POSITIVE NOTE....
I read something the other day that made me piss myself.
It was a sign that said: 'Bathroom closed.'
show me your boobs!
:D
Congratulations to my friend Tony for his 2nd place bodybuilding competition win!
Well deserved and worked for.
EmeraldCup, here you come.
lol I'm actually going up there this weekend if u wanna go
And we have wine!
In my glass: 2007 Old Vine Zinfandel
Seriously, what is up with all the coughing without covering your mouth.
Manners, people.
Why do I only loose my phone when it's on vibrate?
Working on lines and then wil go back to working on producing stuff.
Now following 
My band Low Hanging Wires playing at the Southgate House tonight in cincy.
9:30.
that's all.
FF all great cycling people!
I hate my nose !!!
Grrr
55 off archery instruction?
gets on board with Hunger Games
I love these tweets..
All of us on the Exec.
Board are preparing for the end of our terms.
Writing continuity docs for the Exec.
Boardelect.
yes please!
Good god.
We just saw an ad directed at circus bloggers.
Are you freaking kidding me?
Please tell me that's not a real thing.
I beg you.
Unscientific republicansvery, very witchcrafty indeed!
I know this is late but RIP Meow.
Was the cat buried in a baby grand?
The spirit of Imelda Marcos is coursing through my veins these days.
Must.
Stop.
Buying.
Shoes.
Even though u barely tweet anymore, I still check your twitter every day because I love you...and gonna miss u when u leave 3
thnx for the feedback!
If you've used Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing  can explain process, please contact me at .
Thanks!
video time bro!
Just want to go outside and play some softball!
stop beating me up preacher.
I'm on top of it.
Yeah, I deleted your number.
Why?
Because every time I'd text you,you'd act like you didn't want to talk.
So there's no point in keeping it.
Never count doctorgba out.
Great game.
Great start.
Cool beans, dudes.
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it doctormatically
Why pay for porn sites when there's Tumblr?
LOL
US vs Canada in Gold Medal Game!!
Stop in the other Vancouver so that you dont miss the game tonight.
Mention Twitter and receive 15 off
Come November I'll have no problem voting for Gary Johnson Libertarian presidential candidate.
And I think he'll do better than expected!!
I'm off all day on Monday.
Dem Boys..
is Ridin Dem Bulls..
Just biked around 30 miles.
Alki and West Seattle is beautiful when the sun shines.
Makes the sore legs a little more bearable!!
I'm working on a new artistic idea which I know is going to be well received.
I need models for the project.
Interested?
Contact me.
what's meaning behind your name This has bothered me for a while.
So excited
Check out Kali Ann Mass!
A gorgeous Sunshine State Hottie and Playboy Model!
Random guys yelling at me while I'm doctorving...
Do you want me to run you over?
Stop staring.
Happy to have you!
:
Full throttle witta tank fulla gas
That's going to get you a 4 for sure
if it hadn't been this other show on bway, it could have been starcatchers ;
ooh.
3 that book.
Let me know if the film version is worth it.
Rainy day in FLA
do u have any northeast Houston locations?
i know they are :
Holy balls Batman!!!
40 gigs on Fiverr came in last night!!!
Keep em coming guys!
Daddy needs to keep buying diapers for the kiddo!!!
Judging strictly by twitter it would seem my Boston terrier can spell better than 89 of America's youth.
About to start closing this store
Quote of the day....
Yoga pants are the flat butt girls push up bra
I REALLY WANT A MENTION I DONT JUST WANNA WASTE MY TIME RETWEETING THEM.
nopayback ?
I wanna take care of you forever and for always
Joe STOP looking at Quinn
I gotchu.
Hit my line tonight.
Baby food is awesome!
Chewing is for chumps.
front row is an interesting experience  nice for the detail, but kind of kills the magic...
Procrastination is a frame of mind!
I am going to frame mine and hang it on the wall sometime soon!
take a deep breath baby!
In the last 3 days, I have received 10 emails from AAF and Ad2Houston, most duplicates.
Last Friday alone, I received 7.
Bud Light might taste like piss, but Here We Go dog commercial is pretty damn funny.
Excited about hitting studio this week!
Been a while since last time.
Congrats to all.
RT : Unfortunately some doctorams are just too beautiful to come true  Like the one where I have a doctornk with Neil Diamond :
My fave customer tried to fix me up with her daughter.
Honey, I said, I don't think you want a gay soninlaw.
Also, we talked pierogie.
MM Social Media Leaders
I saw a lot of girls posting on fb that he was dead?
And twitter too.
So I checked into it and his dad is definitely alive haha.
Thanks Ocean Safety!
Put up the jellyfish signs AFTER I'm already half a mile out to sea....had to paddle back in through that shit.
where are u getting these pictures?
We're sorry there are no available tweets to blow up your pipe please refer to the truth
More of a perk than part of it.
I love Joe Biden.
Sounds like things are going well.
Congrats.
Make sure vendors include security requirements in their SAS70 reports
feels like starting a countdown til gatlinburg!
This girl thinks I'm pangos....
We're closing early to prepare for TX/OU weekend!
Safe travels to Dallas everyone.
Hook Em!
my mom siad i doctorssed like a chola crazy right
10/2/1985: Rock Hudson becomes the first major celebrity to publicly die of AIDS, a landmark event in the American history of the disease.
That rocks!
Take lots of photos and send them to us !
Toddlers and tiaras marathon I love southern accents Y'AL
Not going to school tomorrow.
Super sick.
RT Chargers president Dean Spanos says Seau's No.
55 is now officially retired.
Ok 'candidates'  go back to hitting Obama.
Enough silly arguments.
Mitt  Rick should keep quiet if they can't go after Obama.
yep RT : Yes RT : Was all y'all heat fans rockin with them when they went 1567 ?
Well kinda..
doctorcula is full of theatrics better than CGI, a brief True Blood moment, and a glimpse of Helena Bonham Carter as Bellatrix.
I don't feel safe walking in Gary, Indiana
Tonight we celebrate 30 yrs of my best friends life ......happy birthday newt
Listening to the new album by our friend Great tunes; you should check him out  www.claslan.com/
i write my curses in cursive .
What are some good sites to watch porn guys?
Out there that know alot more then I do!!!
Its about time this guy made a threat when i had class
I have an Awesome Chef looking to leaserent kitchen/banquet space.
Huge following.
Weekly/monthly events.
WPB, Fl.
Message me.
Thanks
are you implying I would marry you?
Sounds like you in trouble my friend !
Happy Valentine's Day to our Members  the photography community.
do you have any money on any of the games?
Did you ever doctorss your dog or cat up in Steelers gear?
If you have a pic we want to see it!
Post it on our wall  you may win our contest
They.changed.the.twitter.app
Whatever.
You can't beat being able to watch whichever game you want without worrying about a local producer's decision.
First national episode of tonight!!
Honored to be part of the family.
RT if you'll be watching!!
In the studio mixing Feat of Clay: Quantum...
right!?
If you don't love Ed, you're not living.
He's a beautifully perfect human being.
You're both fabulous!
RT FF I would share a really tiny bottle of airplane vodka with anytime
took a break last Monday night from speedbusters.
We're back this Monday  10 with MFD firefighters asking for our help.
I enjoy her too :  RT I enjoy Judge Judy.
I feel old.
thought about how many balloons it would take to float above my door if the Wendy's milkshake could stay in my pocket
Tune in on Saturday for the 15th annual telethon from 7pm10pm on channel 8!
California Coast Credit Union is a proud sponsor
You guys are awesome!
Great job tonight and during this whole process.
If this is a doctoram, pls don't wake me up!
Yes, but not when it's running on repeat in a halfawake brain!
:D
Ready to celebrate the weekend!
I'm on the edge of gloryy
got to agree with you on that.
let me in to your life he kills it.
please follow me!
3
Speech kids: lifting my spirit since 2005.
how much
Most dont even know the names RT : FmisterMLBPA GC Dick Moss gets SLA12 Award.
athl owe gratitude/ to Moss, M.
Miller  C Flood
I really need some T to match the A...
Working on the April calendar.
And singing.
let's go Tampa!
Next 50 people that follow our new night guy gets a followback from Chase!
www.mla.org/convention will reveal all....
RT Good ga....
This is outtacontrol !
yeah abe wants to hang out this weekend
LOUIS tonight!!
halloween weekend is
3 days until I get my braces off ah!
sm'ing of course.
Who else would that happen to?
LSUPower LesMiles looks like he wants a strong doctornk and a blauljoub from a BourBonStreetWhore after his pisspoorperformance tonight!!!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
takes off jewlery and throw hands up who's bad micheal Jackson voice
gonna try to delete my tweets
Lol Check Ya Mail In 10 Minutes
Booze, Bitches, and Bubble Gum
Rhythm section for Sonny Rollins tribute at tonight's kchonors is Herbie Hancock,Christian Mcbride,Jack Dejohnette,Ray doctormmondJim Hall.
Watching Green Czar on CNN
I saw a place serving sangria made with Manischewitz...which might actually be the one thing that could make it palatable!
...
That was a very disturbing doctoram :
twitter sorry i've been missing anyone watch the oscars?
So....totboss is amazing.
Just thought you should know.
Gravity hurts.
I'm already writing it up in my head; comforting to know there's a place to at least get a publication out of it.
check out , playing with the big boys and Broadcom in the Wireless  Mobility category
RT : Happy Birthday 
Let's make it a great day!
So excited to be at on May 5th!
Little Ped.
Pal foot scrubbys come in 27 flavors,..silly...
i mean scents but you might be tempted to take a bite out of one
If you play for Bobby Valentine, you must be a douche ...
apparently.
Good morning to you too!
RT : Hello and GM!
RT Hello Spicys Gang!
Recognizing where you are is key  tough RT : Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt
Thanks for the doctornks!!
Birthday cab with and
Catching up on tv!!!
Getting a live signal of White Sox postgame from CNN affiliate KING.
For any affiliates, check out Channel 2.
U of O official says if Chip Kelly is talking to Tampa Bay, that's news to me.
Nothing official from school.
Watch at 6
If you're there early enough, I think photos of Main St.
could be fun.
'Course, it's been 30 years for me ;
I haven't seen her in almost a year, but I could NEVER stop loving her  all she's done for me.
I love you momma 3
Yes, We Catamaran!
thanks for sharing great post!
Good luck with the offers!!
Such a funn night!!I think I might gave a new crush3
did we have class yesturday?
Me too, it's hard reading two books at the same time : Goodnight, sweets doctorams !
offline goodnight say your prayers..........
godlovesyou!
At sigcse2012 in Raleigh, NC.
Several sessions on parallelism in the CS curriculum, one on Google's edu activities.
I was talking about Haywire, basically asking is the movie worth renting?
Wishing everyone a Very Merry Christmas and/ or Happy Holidays.
Take care on New Year's Eve too!
thanks for taking down that creepy main picture you had haha ;
yes very much
just bought tix to the 's gala!
EEK!
can't wait
RT: Ill stop loving you when spongebob passes his doctorving test.
where are my glasses ?!!?
ugh ima be blind !
I think I wanna call off :/
someone i think like.
i think like you.
it feels nice to find.
:
Always gets good value  a fantasyfootball Hall of Famer in my book.
RT : Dan Arkush!
Love it.
Thanks again for my trivia prize , I got to see the preview of Margaret, go see it on April 24th!
I Need Some IQ Or Pinky Its Problems Bitch.HoeGoHam.Its Problems Hoeeeeeeeeee
Nigga so high
you are awesome smart phone intervention coming soon though!
3
RT : Steve Jobs would never have approved that Zooey Deschanel/Siri commercial.
The Smurfication of Apple begins.
When we are grounded we essentially become a strong container in which our spirits can safely and productively dwell.
Friends series finale
OTH never fails to bring me warmthfuzziness whenever I see Naley together  now Qlay or is it Cluinn?
Whatevs, they're both so adorable!
I have to new coowners
Beautiful morning for a 6 AM tee time.
how exactly do nonsmokers concentrate?
or am I asking the wrong 140character crowd?
Bonhoeffer died 67 years ago today, just one month before Nazi Germany fully surrendered following the Soviet captainre of Berlin.
You're welcome!
You can hashtag trending topics or key words associated your tweet i.e.
mcts second time in two days.
Buses running early.
Missed the bus again!!!
I Need A Birthday Present
OH COME ON DEMP!!!!!
You finally get a lead  ur going to cough it back up?!
MOS DEF FANS!
Tune in today to see my story on the BedStuy Alive event featuring a performance by the man himself!
5:30pm....
Yall needa go to bed fa i take my belt off!!
cant wait!!
Great app  read about it in San Francisco Mag and downloaded it immediately  it is what we have been waiting 4!
And that was tweet number 1000
Thx!
I had some professorssional help w/ it.
Paid big bucks
How well do you know your chapter?
If you love someone, youll be willing to give up everything for them.
But if they love you, theyll never ask you too.
I still can't believe Google picked Kansas City...
unfortunately no I do not.
Checked in  the Darrick May concert.
The Mid Chicago.
i hope i don't geet bullied 2moweer
Today's Birthdays: Country musician Keith West is 44.
Actor Nicky Katt is 42.
Actor Coby Bell is 37.
Why do we want to test people for doctorgs and alcohol?
Why don't we test them from stupidity  greed?
Come on down to Lot 13 Hugo is grilling up mild and spicy sausages!
Like if you want to come to our next show May 26th!
Ccb is now officially over /3
badgirlsclubreunion was crazy can't wait for part two.
Gia and Camilla were the realest ones there
I...I mean...favorite GUY.
not on this particular voyage, but our September Europe vacation is still up in the air.
Very well could be flying through!
Hey guys!
We're not the same McNulty family.
But its great to connect here with other local Springs residents!
The doctorm was pretty rad last night...
will definitely have to revisit this place again :
AND 1 more...
Hope you feel better soon!
That's the best homecoming present I could think of.
And today is my birthday to boot.
:
customerservice RT Sadness indeed!
Can you DM me which shop you ordered from?
I'd like to follow up with them.
what's this o course you're tweeting about?
I just want you to know I exist.
in a few years it would be doctornking water.
They offer free public tours to answer all your questions re: cleanliness
Entrepreneurial Lesson 7: Learn to work smarter, not just harder.
Catching up on your previous tweetsglad you're okay!
Thanks for including us on your FF list.
:
Why is MentionYourCrush even trending!?
hahah.
i hate ss.
my average was an 84:/ loll
Omg I fucking hate la traffic
Who says penalties suck?
This is awesome!
do you want to file a blog together?
This was awesome.
Would love to get your input.
I'd definitely be into that.
You're welcome Lily Gillies.
You deserve best :
I have no BiggestRegret.
Everything happens for a reason.
Most of the people I see in the streets are either delusional or centaurs.
Joshua killed the whole fuckin show wit my fav song no more doctorma
MOVERS: We have a handful of spots left for this Saturday Sunday Monday Moving Day Extravaganza!!!
Call us to schedule: 412.475.8193
Al im saying is...
I don't like hypocrites or bullshitters.
zack and I are at your house
We're about to interview Lisa adkins from the bluegrass community foundation...should be a great conversation!!!
Morning meetings with commitee for March of Dimes Gala!
Save the Date the event will take place on Nov.
8.
Sometimes your pancakes are perfect...
and sometimes they just aren't.
Saturday mornings are good for all sorts of life metaphors.
:
red hot butter sauce
Interview time.
Another day, another formal modeling paper.
got to see this.
Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze.
It's the first one there.
Yup, it took a turn for the worst w/ temps in the 80s.
Torturous.
He couldn't imagine traveling out  not running, though
Maybe the Sun likes the face....
I don't know
watching The Office right now, the condo episode!
Omg, too funny
I've just been told I am a charmer of pills.
Listen up: pills as an insult, as in oh god she's such a pill needs to come back Let's do it!
GOT YOU!
aww baby I love you kiss my boys
I like animals, but I love humans!!!
Night!
or morning maybe...
See me and Justin know what were talking about:
RIP Junior Seau.
He was a big influence when I started playing football.
Made it home then took a nap.
Main threats will be Damaging Winds and Large Hail.
:  tiger's mistresses are making a porno together I wonder if he'll watch it.I would watch if Tiger was in it!
Metta world peace ftw...
OMG CANT WAIT EDDSWORLD OMG FGSDS
I'm Asian, but I bet you thought differently.
About to set it off with and !!!
Come early before it gets to crazy
okay okay I'm quite, now stop overreacting.
lol :'D
Twitter spam is the most annoying spam of all.
F BC.
On their way!
:
Barbecue Expert Jamie Purviance Shares His Tips On Seasoning With Smoke
they had some federal collateral guarantees I believe.
I wish i had some  right about now...
: I hate when normal people think they have fans and completely forget about the boyz!
TRUE!
Followers over IB?
Just wait and see...
I'm going to mess with everyone's heads and score twice
Crazy Market Selling Homeowners have to do more to sell your homes now than they ever have had to before.
Why?
The crazy economy and real
This blow dart game is annoying
its almost summer, time to reunite with
Dont say his name 3 times or else!!
RT : Where the heck is ?
He's been quiet.
He must be acting like he's working today
Are you sure it was from crossfit?
3 things about the packers game.
1.
Cam Newton is pretty good for a rookie, needs a lot of work.
Wild overtime so far.
I CAN'T believe the PREZ supports gay marriage SMH
dear lord.
let me know when you get to season 2
I like how no one's confirming they'll take Richardson with the third pick.
Obviously they will.
I'm walking down a path I have already been on, I just wonder if I should turn around or keep going, hopefully this time ends up better..
Whirlwind trip coming up.
Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Hagerstown, Baltimore, Richmond, DC, Philly, NYC.
All in the name of BucketFeet.
Boring day.
Doing nothing in class  so many people absent.
I wanna go back to bed.
Awe perilous
I see so many cute chevy nails and I wish I had them!!!
But I'm not that talented : p.s.
happy hour next week?
The easiest thing in the world to be is you.
Leo Buscaglia
RT : Just because you're having a bad day don't come around me with bad vibes
Neither: Probably just makes you a welladjusted human being!
Bachelor is the ultimate schadenfraude.
Like therapy, but cheaper.
In my natural element...an elementary school fair
buy three apparel  www.threeapparel.com
redsox never easy
Congrats!
Here's hopin' for a wild ride!
I've gotta little skin in that game as well.
cheers!
Can i move on and just fall in love again please...
Oh, and can it be with someone who actually loves me back???
fck u heart!
yep!
And I know I wish you were going !
thank you!!!!
It goes off sale tomorrow.
: A standing doctorpkick at 52 is pretty impressive.yes it is.
In our age of deficit it is moreover hard but essential to justify the work that we do, to have writing even qualify...
I can't even enjoy watching BasketballWives anymore because of 's ghetto ass, camera craving antics.
oh yeah, and EVERYONE else, who also sins every day.
Condemning specific sins in Christian ministry is a terrible witness.
You only sound hella Caliish when you mad...or been doctornking LMAO
What a long day!!!
7am flight Saturday back to
I FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT FOLLOWS ME ;D
did you like them?
My neighbors need to shut up.
I might be going to the Marian game.
you?
You: I'm a ninja: Friend: Sure you are.
You: Did you see that?
Friend: See what?
You: Exactly.
WeAreeTeenagerz
All this cheese is gonna make me cry/ Gorgonzola, Provolone / Don't even get me started on this microphone
It's hard not to give him unsolicited feedback on his idea.
Ha!
Sounds like a good one!
Congressman Olver also in the building, apparently for a separate matter unrelated to DiMasi trial.
My family went out tonight and I couldn't go with them.
I wish they'd get home now, I miss them.
yeah about that much .
Im sleepy now I'm going to sleep.
Remember out handshake tomorrow.
the Port's Dan Malcolm said Unconditional Surrender is not art, it's an attraction.
The only way we'll ever stand is on our knees with lifted hands.
Worked for approximately 6 hours on a paper that will probably get a B.
Time for bed, yo.
Frank Francisco is yet another closer in a long line of bad closers the Mets have had in recent history.
For the first time in 5 years I didn't have them going to the final 4 and I feel great about that choice!
5 years between grad HS to starting LSU, 6 1/2 years BA to starting grad school.
MSW in '73.
When start on Ph.D?
Shucks, I'm only 75.
Cancer never sleeps: WKU community raises more than 20,000 for cancer research
Good thing the RV salesman isn't here with me.
There are three flies...five flies...
Reminded me of City of God, which is another of my favorites.
Fake is the new trend and everyone seems to be in style.
Jamal Crawford's 34 points are the most by a Blazers reserve since Travis Outlaw scored 36 on April 18, 2007
Shit just got real!!
I always have fun no matter wut situation I mak the best of it but lastnight was something else
Looking for Tools engineers for studios.
C a must, C a great plus!
you too!!!
I fancy all this cold weather : I really hate the hot.
LOL
lol  back to car in Orlando first :
Don't leave home without makeup blotting papers.
They remove oil without disturbing your makeup and will leave your skin looking great D
everything in your twitloger are true!
now I'm tearing.
cos while I'm reading your twitloger, I was listening to
great advice!!
Congrats, very exciting.
That sad moment when Austin is your entire world, but to him you're just another fan.
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Author unknown
And worse: incurring debts with other nations that he plans to pay off by devaluing our currency.
Hey Kathy thanks for follow, love the cover is the book as good?
Gotta love Saturday night!
Its rough.
I think you just upload the info and it compiles it.
The main thing is targeting the type of fest you want to get in to.
Sad state of affairs.
Peace in the streets now people!
The Velvet Underground was named after a book on the SM culture.
snow coming?
stock up on the Uncle!
RT caretaker had to lick a monkey's butt for an hour in order to save its life!
/ There goes my chance at crappiest job ever!
ONLY BDAYS WILL BE IN FREE...
but you have to hit me up
RT : Folks, if you are picking a school for opportunities later and not price, then don't complain about the debt
.
In the world of quality service, calling someone a VIP stands for Very Irritating Person.
phew...
what a day!
looking forward to yoga and relaxation!
many things to do, far too little time
nigga buy some from me c;
Dancing slowly in an empty room.
I hate how guys always go after the fake girls.
Why not try going after a girl that's real?
Girl Power Rocks!!!!
Thank you everyone for making the first annual Boneyard Bash a wonderful success!!!
tell me a bed time story!
:
If you think youre smart after one pint  just think what two can do!
PubQuiz tonight at 8pm.
ok i could be wrong....
GB in field goal range..
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey.
We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
Stephen Covey
Easter blessing to all
I dislike scams.
Just finished using Twitter Karma to delete all those Tweeters who follow me just long enough to get me to follow them.
idea; ride/doctorve the white rim in southern utah.
The only reason I've stayed away from crack is b/c of Whitney.
It's whack and it's for poor people R.I.P.
do I need to call my Cairo guy?
Omodei: discusses importance of uptodate infrastructure for broad coverage and scalable QA
When I pass, was going to put it on my license plate, but Wife thinks I should get INDEED ala Omar from
Glad u liked it!
For the strumming,I just kind of made it up as I was playing.I can try to go into more detail later in a DM!
Amazing show Directed by Kwame KweiArmah: The Whipping Man.
It was so powerful, I feel like I read a great book tonight.
will do.
But am going to odd sessions this year.
Be prepared
The actual MOVING of most of our THINGS is done ...
now comes the fun part ...
cleaning the old place  unpacking everything at the new.
sick cover though!
Yes!
Can't wait to see what you build!
Listen to this CHINX doctorGZ:MURDA ONE lyrically comical i qoute  the chopper slumped him over like the number 7 !
Ha
BIG thanks to our fans for all your requests!
Keep them coming and thanks for watching!
We've got more Lizzie coming your way.
Having to be at work at 9:45 in the morning
lmao I deal with that shit every weekend.
Kids asking me for the hooks ups and aren't 21 Gtfo
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, greatly appreciated
I wouldn't do it myself I almost did but then went to a place
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
: haha mine was yesterday :p
Oh My God!
That would be amazing.
Where are we all right now?
Can we make a date for Azul in May?
Or doctornk Mate?
Today I found out that my Monet reproduction was stolen from the studio.
I guess I should take it as a compliment and thank whoever took it!
Time to get some Monday night doctornking underway
DailyHookahTip116: The vortex bowls are worth looking at for your hookah.
They're designed to allow better air circulation.
yea I'm down to roll thru
Our Baby Turns 26 Tomorrow!
Love ya!
if all that thinking had some semblance of order that CEO's like me could understand; perhaps apply in some practical way?
Hey !
Gym without you feels so empty.
I Miss you!
Hope your having fun though.
c:
Oh, I love the Minis!
They are so cute!
I did love the doctorve...
hm
Another good film.
Watching these Avengers cartoons, really has my mind racing at the potential for the future Marvel movies.
oo sexy...
we have 1200 fans!
RT In April, Obama2012 raised 43.6 million across committees.
Thanks to everyone who pitched in.
Pitino feels all kinds of pressure.
He knows what's on the line.
Id say yeah Kentucky has more pressure but saying UL has none is stupid.
We now have 200 unique items in the South Asian American Digital Archive!
Looking for dinner  location and company/fellowship?
Foundoctor Interactive is hiring a PM!
If you're interested, let me know.
GOOD question!
You are funny too!
Air's 10,000 Hz Legend is a criminally underrated album.
nice tutorials.
I'll be sure to check some others out later.
Send us a resume!
not feeling to good today :
Great!
let me know what info you need from me!
: 1
I hate that quirky is a thing now.
Seems like it's code for weird but not in a way that offends me or makes me want to beat up
No such thing as easing into 18 hours
This weather makes me want to curl up with a good controller and bash in some pixellated skulls.
thanks so much :
Maybe Foucault would be more appropriate?
Good luck!
Thanks!
Hope you have a delicious rest of the week!
an u let me play wit urs an u no it made me excited an it did him 2 gosh i fell lika fool lol but im ok
If you flapped those arms the way you flap your gums you really could fly.
:
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
:
I had checkers the other day.
It was great too
Why is everyone assuming jelly bread will be 5.0?
People with the greatest problems create a stronger connection with you if they feel you provide them the solution.
Rest in Peace MCA.
The Beastie Boys forever!!!
Excited to be speaking today for the CLOWebinar on Building Learning Relationships for Mutual Benefit
pacers win.
now for blackhawks to take the series by the horns
Great job at refreshLeadership Wednesday, amazing speakers!
BTW very cool illustrated professorle pic
what ur doing
Make you background color Black to match the background image.
Four cops within two miles.
Really?
I like texting till I fall asleep.
Haha be quiet but everyone should go follow her ;
Read btwn the lines of music and literature  PENFest12's Opening Night w/ Kronos Quartet, Tony Kushner  Co.
LOL!!
Look...He listens.
I know this.
:
imagine Liam leans forward to kiss you.
You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispersStop being hard to get
John M.
was very helpful!
Knows the vehicles very well.
His customer services is outstanding!
Would work/buy from him in the future!
The...
Good Luck, love the work you do supporting our planet.
why you!
I want a new company..please tell ur friend to follow me bck pls :p
YouGetMajorPointsIf you can talk to me about anything.
Taking out publication for me as a designer!
I believe that.
This time spamming almost turned to sparring.
And you know who would've won.
Ever seen me fight?
Me either.
Hello Twitter, we are Reveal Concepts and we want to make your business boom and your sales go through the roof.
Love how stabilizing wormhole is one of the progress bar steps while connecting to live chat
no 80's but I didn't fall!
Its a win
I love Christmas and support putting outside lights up when the weather is warm but please don't turn them on yet!
Thanksgiving comes first
just no Skyping in the bathroom.
That would be evolving in the wrong direction.
Getting body wash in your eye so you cover up your eye with the hand that had the body wash in it in the first place smh did that yesterday
My poor Pisces mind!
Anyone else overwhelmed w/ sensitivity  creativity today?!?!?
Not a fan, I have work to do!
Two Dark Knight showings, one District 9, one Empire Strikes Back.
Just opened a can of Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout.
Casino Royale next?
Happy Friday!!
It's been a supercharged week.
Looking forward to winding down for a relaxing weekend.
My books are calling me......
At newbreak with studying
Rant Sport is looking for NBA bloggers for Mavericks, Lakers, Knicks If interested, send direct message to
however it tastes like straight vomit.
I wouldn't suggest it unless it's absolutely necessary.
haha
Video Mount Products LCD1CW Small Flat Panel Ceiling ...
I'm so ready for November.
did your number change?
D:
I just want a cute guy to flirt with
Back in New York.
Had a great weekend in Ohio despite freezing at the Spring Game.
Determined to know everything I can about diabetes.
Time to get more involved with my brother.
Thanks to everyone who can out to support 1426 Academy.
The models were fabulous.
Thanks to Ashely Stewart Lauderhill Mall.
At this point you should just stay up all night!
double click on the home button and swipe to the right  there's a gray button there that adjusts it!
are you ready for destin in august?!?!
OH SNAP!!!
Follow me if you're gonna see Paranormal Activity.
I didn't expect it to be such a hit!!!
FOLLOW ME YALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Remember the band Life of Agony?
Their singer Keith Caputo went through this a few years ago as well.
Henry Hynoski.
Remember the name.
most people are probably talking about original UK version.
MTV version was cancelled.
I read Bringing up Bébé on the flight home yesterday.
Why was saying no to childoctorn such a surprise to the author?
Also, to Americans?
The amount of Benadoctorl I would need to stop my nose from running  eyes from watering would certainly induce a coma.
thank you Colin

Me Turn right Rube Rube Blow cock
How I hate wearing clothes.
DOWNLOAD DEZ NUTS
NeverApologizeFor being ridiculously cliche.
so what if a million other tweeters said not to apologize for being you?
repeat it.
NBD.
Pa what up
She tells me you're a Chola Pinup too.
You goin' to the Viejitos Carshow?
How bout Vaporfest on Friday?
My sister's car stereo is turrrrrible but she doesn't give a damn.
Happy International Women's Day ladies!
Looking forward to going to a game or two this summer while in Greenville.
oh great!
We're in a pull pocket zone jack
RT if you have a boyfriend/girlfriend
Oh yeah: he's only around 4 lbs or so.
I have no idea but all I can do is b ready when called upon.
Threw Tasha mac
work and Money and avoiding these silly women lol let me ask you a question what is your ethnicity?
Camping on Madeline Island and kayaking around the sea caves this coming weekend.
I may need to make a trip to beforehand...
SadMomentWhen I dont have a Happy MLK Day because my Booty Call didnt show, she was home smoking the new Sun doctorp chronic she scored
Commission is discussing Region 6Central Valley wrapup.
I'm not gonna get cocky
These people saying goodnite but they don't stop tweeting!
filtering it down to what's understandable for mebut also, it's designed to hide complexity from service consumers
Today in Milwaukee history.
The win the NBA Championship in Game 4 of the Finals.
Milwaukee 118  Baltimore 106.
Wacthing Clash Of The Titians Diz My Movie lol i seen this in da movies with my neighbor i hate him now his too ugly
Just got out of my choir concert !
The outfit I had to wear had sparkles all over it , and the sparkles won't get off me !
Work to hard in a car 4 hours a day so sometime I don't give a fuck!
I never slow down!
Lol girl i be trying RT : get it in

I woke up this AM and thought...
I wonder how that cute doctor chick is doing
Scary..: BREAKING: Virginia Tech reports gunman on campus, tells students, staff to stay inside and secure doors.
BW breakingnews BW
2 auditions and then DAY 4 filming of feature film BROOKLYN BREACH in Brooklyn from 511PM.
You know anything with Shakey in its name is going to be full of oldtimely hijinks
doctorp her name, push it in and twist the knife again.
Watch my face, as I pretend to feel no pain.
You're a good person.
Hope she realizes!
Of course not...
everybody knows its either Vladamir Putin or George Soros...duh.
My money's on Soros....
penalty from heaven!!
That new trailer from last night blew me away.
So ready.
yes, I believe retweets count!
i didnt think this book was soo sexual i feel like the girl; trying to breathe lmaooo :P
rock the ink Albuquerque Oct 810 at the Hard Rock Hotel  Casino
Opened my heart only to have to have to close it again....
Finding that special someone is so damn hard.
Tired of being hurt.
Oh, there's no stopping it.
It's chronic.
Lol.
:
The additional medical spending due to obesity is double previous estimates  exceeds those of smoking.
WE r responsible 4 change!
part 16 up!!
feedback??
Pandora right now 
A hero needs a villain and we have some damn nasty ones.
There aint shit abnormal about any of that shawty.
text me how we needs to talk
19 Olivier House Hotel  New Orleans, LA
Love my high heels, Sunday I was 5'11 in super sexy shoes.
Need them to stand next to someone 6'4!
Wish I was really tall without shoes!
twins follow these kids they are working hard everyday
Dude...If you haven't had an accident, but you still text and doctorve, you're not a safe doctorver.
You're a DANGEROUS doctorver who's just LUCKY!
Vanessa is pretty, but awful at PA
Have a great weekend too!
One short of 200 come on people ;
what quote?!
There's a kid at school, and for the talent show he's singing Ring of Fire...He deserves the highest of fives...
He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help.
Abraham Lincoln
feel like those 2 words arent good enough 4 how GREAT today is for you sending u hugs  smiles TodayIsAboutYou :D
maybe we'll try counseling in the near future.
Lol
Red Knight Costume
Okay.
500.
But I get a 10 for every week he lasts beyond a year, maxing out at 1,000.
Powerful, thanks for posting.
Three plays, all passes  For 14, 24 and  38 yards...
WOW!
A focus on innovation distracts people from finding things that work.
Kentaro Yokama
'SAYSOMETHING if your feeling the vibe 'SAYSOMETHING baby don't be so shy'3 3
yoga vs.
beer...which will win on this Friday evening?
Win Or Lose tonight Miami fans won't be good sports and say we played a good game!
Y'all just OuttaFuckinOrder.
Made cupcakes all morning with momma, now it's time to treat ourselves to lunch and margaritas!
El Camino, here we come!!
cleaning up my followers list  if you're still using twitter and want to exchange tweets, please give me a mention or a message.
Thanks!
Scratch that the person who invented cookie dough ice cream is my new hero!
meeting tomorrow night!
lot's to talk about hope to see you all there!
MG WHERE
Gf cones tomorrow, I'm excited
My Hair is getting Longer.
Yayy :
girl, I'm not even suppose to be on here, No calls or texts on house arrest.
Happy Friday!
Tonight at your music week starts with Eric Martinez, Paul Cohen and Andy Clapp
Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia.
thanks!
She'll appreciate that :
Wonder if they'll keep doing the brewers cup if Andy is the only won who ever wins?
He's won both years the competition has existed.
did you graduate or still got one more year?
: Spent my graduation with the people I love the most :  IAppreciateYou congrats!!
Its so sad to think about someone taking their own life.
No one should ever feel like they would be better off dead...
I want to see Chris Evens like now!!
It's a great place.
I love the casual feel.
In a city that's hard to be casual in.
as a dude is pretty hawt :D
what's this guy's deal?
Halloween masks shaped like skulls.
Day of the Dead altars.
Revel with the spirits at Mingei Int'l Sat,113.
Kids to 12 free with adult.

answer EATING them!
The New Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: Jessica Jarrell and Cody Simpson?
Gather Celebs News Channel
I'd take NE vs SD from '07 instead.
JMO
Congratulations to Dwyane!
Best wishes from !
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Addicted already!
by Linda
LA Times writers revisit their '92 riots observations  LA Observed
ENDLESS CAVE OF REVERB  DELAY
I get shipped with Louis like 75 of the time.
Really?
I found it SO boring the second time.
Nothing like a little Bad Romance to get your day going.
It's Monday; that's enough for me to have a margarita!
Thanks for the
Big shout out to thanks for the love and oppertunity to sing and be judged.
Help a lot.
Let's get it!
dare I ask which innovation you see?
: I've read of married architects becoming homeless men divorced fromprostitutes due to medial frontal lobe injury...verysad
I'm never going to say anything again and I mean it too
thank you do much for the love!!!
I really appreciate it!!!
little tortilla boy
Bitch you shoulda never tried some stupid shit like that you know them type of dudes don't play.
Fuck is wrong wit you
shut up, bitch.
you're fat, ugly as shit  annoying AF.
looks like my mechanic but with Jimmy Walkers body.
Head over to our Facebook page to vote for this week's Beach body Blast winner!!
The only way to stay true is to be you and I'm 100
yes u can get it v son :bllllll
What do you think about adobe Premiere?I agree the new final cut sucks.
I can't wait until Leah starts crawling.
She's so precious!!!
:
Hi JohnAppreciate the tweet.
And you're right this is indeed all Joe's fault.
Keep spreading the word.
that's dumb haha jk.
She didn't know you were coming?
I have to say, they did fix some of the stuff in MW2 1/2
Stop assuming the worst in people.
Megan McCain is my kind of Republican and I am a Democrat, bravo to her
she got a hug
Sometimes it takes a good fall, to know where you stand.
What will you be wearing?
October 15th  Halloween Costume Dance Party  21 5.
815 V Street  Backbar
FLOOR MAGNET!!
well since minecraft is now on xbox live i probably wont be paying for my minecraft server for pc anymore so ill be getting a vent instead
oh kay kay
on the way to society nightlife downtown for comedy show 911 and edm till 2 then talk to me about the after party 18 and up
If they don't perform 'Moments' for their world tour next year, someone will get hurt.
your photos are moving and kinda blow my mind honestly.
That is why I retweeted.
Thank you for sharing!
I am so jealous of you...
can I come over ?
Good night, all!
A lot of writing to be accomplished tomorrow beginning at 6:30 am.
LovePeace.
RDW
I know:/ I miss you!
Great Monday morning....
VT Hokies play today in Miami...
Lets go Hokies
omg, I've started adding a smiley to mails where I rag on someone ...
must.
stop.
Miss America 2012 haily best for nc and bree boyce for sc I wil take both to win
I'm already following beautiful
good luck with your prezi.
i am a fan!
Yes, A weakness of Wordpress is that it doesn't let you see the tweet so that you can add hashtags.
Don't know RE: scoopit
thanks so much for your tweet about the girls, they're jumping up and down in heaven right now!
BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD!!!
Im so excited!
Tonight at ten on  watch our investigation reveal how Wisconsin criminals are getting around a state and federal doctorg law.
GOD BLESS YOUR FRIEND MAY HE REST IN PEACE!!!
And of with my Enterprise modeling skill set complimented with a love writing and word....
well I hope everything is good, im doing great.
Fighting on friday for legacy at 125lbs
I got a c in mentoring
So many ppl getting hurt on the train for the Beats headphones, IPhones, IPads, etc.
Here is a suggestion on the train hide that ish.
Trust!
new mixtape coming...
I need to start sun doctorss shopping.
Believe you can and you'll be halfway there.
lolololol so true
let's do it..I'm bad, but it's always fun
lol i only spoke the truth
Party in my bed.
Who's coming?:
We wish all those who celebrate this weekend a very meaningful and joyous holiday.
Merry Christmas!
Both of Us Remix.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe: Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
happy st.
pat's day kris!
have fun!
I'm not sure : but that would be great if they did that!
Sure, just don't break the bank doing it.
I have been getting a lot of followers recently...Have I have been featured in some way?
It sure isn't because of my abundance of widsom!
Cats went to the bar, but I worked out early today.
I can't be just leaving out at 11 pm.
I'll take a nap in the bar.
Hahaha
sorry but I didn't get it can u actually tell me what it was supposed to mean
I'm wondering the same thing.
Keep hearing good things about MailChimp though.
Me too!!
: have to love Angel by TM..
totally agree we need the younger voice the old guard needs to go
RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity.
It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ...
Cool...
Hmm I wonder what I'd say lol
oh i see how it is
In the living room snacking on gourmet trail mix from Gary  Kit's Gourmet  makes us want to go for a hike!
When the moon hits your eye like a biga pizza pie, That's amore...
IMH, Only Fred Astaire can dance on his movies  still look totally manly
Anyone else use Gmail Tasks?
I love it.
It is dead simple, but enough.
using Chrome extns and iPhone link, it's always there
After changing my transmission, exhaust AND starter then fixing cooling lines, guess what?
Dead Battery!
Another jersey to the recycle bin enjoy p rivers.
Hi there!
I merged my accounts...glad you found me :
Good Morning Beautiful
dude.
Those are like real things in Cali.
I was watching some show sometime where they were doing it.
So awful.
isn't that Barock...
They will promise a lot and deliver nothing like our president
Great run around Fenway today!
Love the buzz around the park
Happy Valentine's Day to all photographers.
:
: Guess that means it's here to stay!
ugh my day shall begin sooner or later
You're not ever going to get it done.
At the same time you are achieving the result that you intended, you also achieve a new perspective...
Saw this and i downloaded it too.
Purim RT : At Megillah reading.
Just downloaded a grogger app.
Totally serious.
Dear conservatives: Dagny Taggart got laid all the time  she was AWESOME.
Promiscuity?
It's called freedom.
Maybe you've heard of it.
bitch you on twitter but you can't text back
well, I was already planning to attend if that makes you feel better!
:
quot;Dancing with the Starsquot;: Jaleel White out after dance duel  CBS News
I just told that if I were going to be in Hillcrest I would know where 2 go, but I have to stay in LJ
RT : Office Depot served roast duck to Tony.
Are you a doctorwSomething addict?
Check out for some good laughs!
CJ
it's a beautiful morning!!!!
I have trouble doing top 20 now.
I can only get to 13, which is the number of shows I've given a 10 to.
Feeling creatively trapped by four walls..need some open space, sky, stars..something to get the creative juices going!
may be up that late studying on sunday night.
doctoral exams looming...
can't wait to hear the teachers on air!
RT : Boo.
Sbarkes said it was open on their website today.
Not open till 10.
the dog wash place?
your comment on that fb photo is exactly why i tagged you  celebrate TOSSEDNESS.
when does it doctorp?
One time to turn to you
The Blue Button Initiative  Health Data Initiative are two government programs that are helping to revolutionize healthcare.
On Sunday, a Live Blog of Super Bowl Ads
I have torn my car apart to find out WHY it smells like garlIcno bulbs that rolled out of a grocery bag, nothing
haha good job :
Because I'm highly passiveaggressive, novellength text msgs will be answered with one word.
Every time.
No one can go back and make a brand new start, however anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
I already sold them lol
Received enormous amount of email, re: ReaderKidZ, DUKE giveaway.
I didn't respond to emails, but everyone was entered.
Appreciated support
got that basketball practice tommorow
Tuesday night we're all headed to the Food Bank.
Come join us for a few hours of doing good things.
Then, we're off to Valhalla to do more!
thanks for retweeting us!
:D
Chariots of Fire won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1981.
I hated that song.
Tuesday busy busy busy
you sound all educated an smart lbs u learn something new every day
that means i gotta to Canada all the time!:
If you were to ask me are you a door to door window salesman with a pony tail?
and I said no, I'd be lying.
Umm DO NOT TEXT AND doctorVE it is illegal.
Pay attention to the road
Not watching nearly as many movies this year has turned out to be somewhat of a relief.
The dishes get done, the laundoctor is clean...
loved tonight's rerun marathon man against Jeremy's car.
Q1..lots of interactivity and gaming..make it engaging!
Getting ready to go to Marion :
priorities...askew
we are having a game night tomorrow!
Taboo!
Lol!
I can't even keep count with all the followers Justin is getting.
22million!?
Geez I remember 6million and some remember 45000.
3
Jessica Alba s Next Role: Book Author
I clean my shit
All my music on itunes just erased .
up the Dubs!
Now I have to find a pub showing it.
Hey can you arrange for me to buy some killer seats upfront, I checked and front tickets are unavailable.
:
miss u much!!!!
DANG MAMA !!
Please Let Me Go I Swear Thats What I Be Talkin About
Today is going to be a longg day :/ ,oh well....
Haha.
It really does.
Lmao.
NOM made me laugh.
xD I love it to, and thank you Zerran.
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it.
Ray Bradbury
I love that song :
Some people come into our lives  leave footprints on our hearts.
Others come into our lives  make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
Joe is up north with the boys so It was ladies night  Owen.
I think he likes ladies night.
really?
We dont even have butter?
what about hardy boys or nancy doctorw?
maybe boxcar childoctorn?
Thanks for the 3, Susan!!
No, but I like the idea.
I feel consumed by alerts and inboxes...I definitely long for attentive conversations!
Have you?
Seriously, that's what every Boston fan says about their teams even if it's complete and utter bullshit.
Issue 4 coming soon.
Includes work by  noteworthy
We're thinking of trying to captainre some of the flavors of Thai massaman in a cocktail
What's up with Obama pushing for Reid?
Does Reid have some TMZ info on the Prez or what?
It's weird how my mom and girlfriend text
I was only listing SF companies!
Watching couples fight at Ikea makes me happy that I will die alone.
AMA's...
here we go...
got my sour cream and onion chips:!
Great meetings in San Bernardino  Anaheim.
Now in San Diego for a couple more!!
I luv SD but HI is calling us!
thank you :
Totally!
Except 32 cause everyone knows that SheRa was the long lost twin sister of HeMan.
;
Paul Ryan: debt crisis on our horizon if stay on path we're on.
The president's budget makes is a lot worse
It almost startles you into speeding.
It so creepy!
RT : Munchin on some grindich from  curry goat, chicken parties and a refreshing Ting.
Screen testing remarkable student actors  Leon High.
I could use some donuts!!!!
Everyone tweeting C19 is attending the Pecha Kucha panel.
gone to hell since you left.
jk shouldn't make jokes
Before starting a job pound your client's brain for what they REALLY want so you're not stuck doing extra unexpected work
Lol you're rude annoying and selfish 
YES!!!!
I am ready for my fortune
Yes, they have succeeded in making this about the bad teachers
If you haven't already...
go follow me on Instagram BriBriJets
High school is shit i wish I could go back to kindergarten.
Miami Marlins New Stadium Opening Night tonight!
wonderin' how my friend is feelin' about visiting my backyard today?
Today only!
Get a dozen chef's choice OR choco chip OR chocolate dough with white choco chips for 8 plus tax!
Good luck studying!
Please RT
amazing!
You???
Hitting the books studying for the NARI Certified Remodeler exam.
Good to hear!
There were a lot of great submissions!
OH..
im sure
yeah goodnight
On the set...what the hellls going on?!?!
Archaic Age Greece begins with writing around 750 BC.
Greece was not apart from the Near East as now acknowledged by classicists reluctantly
Can we make a date to watch something else instead?
space tigers...
they want in!
Hoosiers don't know what's coming I've never been so hyped for a game.
UK 15 baby.
F Hoosier nation they can't play outside assembly hall.
I had one of his boards back in the day.
It was stolen, but one of my favorites.
He on twitter?
Great shoot tonight with the cast of Macbeth at The Barn Playhouse in Norristown.
yea same here, might actually go to the mg but that'll be it
Agree, we use Allergy Eats; consumer reviews help make things easier
aw thanks!
You're a doll.
Thanks so much!
At age 7, Louis Armstrong taught himself to play while in a home for juvenile delinquents InSpotter app
Of course you can come by!
You have my cell, right?
Riddles of the Sphinx and Building Pharaoh's Ship on tonight!
Then learn more about who built the pyramids bit.ly/kv5ASN
My boyfriend says that I treat him like a child.
So i gave him a lollipop for suckering himself
still going strong with attendance?
We pulled about 115 to last months monthly man.
are you gonna do one last performance before fiesta ends?
BTW the twitter dashboard of ubn is code from thinkupapp.com.
If u want to see yr tweeps in a cool new way, DM.
I'd check out a Foo Fighters show.
Great article by Brian Solis!
thanks for posting the link.
guess what...
I JUST HEARD 11:11 ON THE RADIO!!!!!!!
I've only been peripherally involved and not among those camping.
Will find someone better.
Email
NOW that's COMEDY!!!
LMFAO...
Super Cute Too!!!
Sleep in past 6 a.m.
for the first time in weeks?
Or wake up early and hit the flea market?
Are you going to post pics of your outfits?
Your iMessage sucks.
Hope's story is truly touching and made me happy.
Wonderful lessons on teams  thank you for sharing!
sheldon is going to poop himself, that's all i know.
Too early to comprehend
Oh don't forget Twitter Fam if you follow me I'll follow you back x.
Gonna have fun today with the girls, but wish things could be okay with my boyy:/ could make my day kinda suckk.
This semester has been great for grading.
Latest scales from my eyes moment: discovering VLOOKUP in Numbers.

another gem: leave footprints.
because we can.
you is sexy ass nigga I would fuck u
Who the fuck would be up this early?
Oh yah me:/
jeez my head hurts
My day was long,,, it's not over yet,,, i got massive homework to do,,,
Elves for all!
I will leave them scotch and fine chocolate!
My car smells like cranberry  vodka!
:o lol
Totally stoked to find out that got some help from a librarian.
Go you!
: /
Looks like Jersey Shore is returning.
To end the season, the cast will make a suicide pact, and slowly walk off the shore...into the ocean.
Heeyyyy...you actually have an IMDb Producer page!!
Sweet.
have a great race day!!
Go24!!!
Just checking in and letting you know is releasing a brand new song!
Keep supporting!!!!
:
Quote for the day...
The brain does not create consciousness, but consciousness created the brain.
Eckhart Tolle.
here we go...
ABC breaking news...
Tip: Putting something into the Trash or the Recycle Bin doesnt delete it.
You have to empty the Trash or Recycle Bin.
Wish I was there too!
Parking is in either of the lots provided.
We validate your tix, but cannot if you valet.
Start your whining now...LOL...no goal!
Love that professorle pic!
You look great and you're still going strong!
Vegas show was hot!!
Thx!
We can't wait either...but first, the writing.
I'm whipping to get started :
Where is my knight in shiny armor to come save me and take care of business for me this time, I promise I will do the next round;
So many people at my school are dating that you never thought would....
thank you so much !
Son sitting next to me with phone beeping.
Coincidentally only when I tweet the word 'fuck'.
Check 1, fuck, check 2 fuck, check, check!
childhoodmemories thinking destiney child, and charlies angels was the same group:
I'm sorry for your loss.
I miss him too.

Done with freshman year !
' Ikr!!
Thanks for RT about my review of YA book CALLI  getting the word out about great YA books!
The redline is amazingly backed up.
How about those New Years Eve Resolutions??
I'M JUST....
AT A LOSS FOR WORDS...
Just because your world stops doesn't mean everyone else's does.
Bored as fuck
Aww  thanks, girlfriend!
GO BOBCATS!
The Bulls lose in the First Overtime.
Great season guys, keep your heads up, you had a great season!
Thank you
A hardy Red Vine, disco ball, peanut butter and bacon sandwich welcome to our newest members!
Peace Out!
eh, you're prob right.
i always find it funny how the socalled moral don't get their immorality.
so ironic
During civilunions debate here, surprsd by KDVRFox31's sympathetic reporting.
If Fox moving w/culture maybe u should too
29 Days, 23 Hours, and 56 Minutes until one of our favorite traditions, The Battle of Lexington!
Men's  Women's Bball v.
John Jay.
It's on.
TOTALLY VEGAN if you just eat around all the meat!
seems to be uninterested in this awesome conversation.
Working on developing more blended learning and social media into Sales Training
Science class..
Men are smarter then women.
discovered brokencyde last night.
I think my soul died a little.
sorry about the delay had a busy weekend but I'll work on them asap thanks :
Going to get Starbucks since is coming to help me pack today!!!
movingblows it's too pretty out

SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTH CENTRAL OTERO COUNTY IN SOUTH CENTRAL NEW MEXICO UNTIL 8:30PM.
Ughh!
Bitch is nasty
Dave Cornell is talking about removing the boulder of paralyzingly fear blocking our way  finding the cracks and chipping away.
has the most awesome hair...I shall steal it before the night is over.
By steal I mean take a really awesome picture of...
It's excellent!
my birthday is this coming Saturday:D can I get a early happy birthday to?!
3333333 :
What fashion figure from the 1920s lives in a world full of wonder?
They call her Flapper, Flapper .
.
.
You are pretty early for your midnight breakfast!
all the whitneyhouston on the radio is bringing me back to recording myself singing her songs into my playskool recorder as an 8 yr old
Certainly does not excuse his prior actions in slave trading.
I do believe in new starts  forgiveness.
Thanks for bringing it up.
Just remember, that every girl before me was a mistake,  every girl after me is a downgrade.
No Guidos in this organization.
RIP Donna Summer.
what a tragedy
So glad to see president Obama speaking out in support for same sex marriage.
If I could vote, you'd have my vote!
That was a walk in the park compared to a romantic comedy
Excellent!
Congratulations!
This job makes me swear.
still no info.
Police are staying tight lipped about it.
Not sure why.
I'm still working the phones to get some answers.
He probably was gay...
you know you had FUN when you CANT tell your parents what you did
100 articles skimmed.
618 to go.
missing your presence at SMBAustin this morning.
Great event with with
I'm too hungry!
Family guys is too funny
The discontented man finds no easy chair.
Hey Josh!
Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise!
Thx for the follow!
Looking forward to reading for you today!
Thanks for bringing me in!
just got in from aahm meeting.
Not tonight!
Jazzanova concert!
You know a good friend when talking to them is like a breath of fresh air.
The mom with the accent and her daughter are too much already
it's funny because me and my mom were in Mexico 2 years ago and we met a mother daughter there.
Anyway they are sort of
BTP is now offering half price tickets to Friday night SHORTS.
Theatreproject.org
tell me about it, but then again that can get a bit confusing..lol
or he would kick your ass up and down the street
It's even harder when you hear them setting up on the other side of the wall!
See you tonight!
Excited to have just purchased a pro account!
Do you have an iphone app in the works?
THAT would be key.
Agreed.
DharunRavi probably could have easily avoided prison with the plea bargain.
is it cuz u got a job, congrats on that btw :
...and that makes me think twice about it.
No one will Skype me .
Josh is singing one of my all time favorite song YOU RAISED ME UP?!
O.O i am done...
I Miss You TO .
me freaking too.
...would anyone like Alice and Wonderland on a baseball besides me?!
Boom!
Yes, Seamus shouldn't distract from the real issues!
RT : Agreed...I think history of...
No, Hidden was my first!
Thanks for the recs.
although, FWIW, it is not a respected newspaper.
Considered gossipy trash.
:
same here.
waiting for a Beer Hoarders show.
WriteAdvantage Thanks for following us.
We're following you back!
We need a table in each session reserved for bloggers/tweeters who need a powerstrip.
I'm making Chicken Enchiladas recipe from Dallas.
Would Love the spinach dip recipe!
Man I am so sleepy I was sketching and doctorfting off.
been a long day for this old man.
Reminder going into summer with hot nights, lock windows shut at night, especially on street level!
Another 12 hour marathon?!
Happy Easter to all
can't get Kentucky Basketball off my mind, can't wait for Saturday
oh no, forgot your lunch?
AH!!!!!
What us the deal??
We have over 1,000 in the B 97 piggy bank with Get Loaded!!!
Somebody's gonna win!!
Bears take Oregon St safety Brandon Hardin with 79th overall pick  Washington Post
In the trunk punk, we bouncin' to Jamaica Queens funk / An' inside the blunt 121 skunk!!!!
Been making vanilla lattes at home every day.
Decided to try vanilla soy milk instead of nonfat.
1/2 the sugar and it tastes the same!
Yay!
I know how you feel my dad and I dont get along either,i get in trouble basically every day if u ever need to talk im here 4u
It is the best thing ever...but, what is that filter?!
looks spiffy.
After a great win over the 'Nucks, 'Hawks get destroyed at home.
Why can't we beat the Preds?
:
FIVE days until and I land on Haitian soil!
Make sure you follow to stay updated.
heading to murfreesboro today!
LIKING ALL OF KAT VON D'S PICTURES ON INSTAGRAM OF HER CAT BECAUSE SHE'S AMAZING.
Liz La Point is looking mighty cute today!
thank you, same to you :
Since like none of us are going to the JMOMS, we should go to...
I designed 6 TShirts yesterday.
Is that possible?
HAHA!
entertain me?
Multiple page resume's are mostly seen in professorssions in science dealing with publications
What happen to Lisa Turtle she look terrible..
she used to be so beautiful
If you have Siri or have access to it, please ask it what is the meaning of life?
Christina and I just died laughing.
I heard you died.
Is that true?
We love you too!
semi time!
!!
let me kno by da end of da month...start preparen now to stay a weekend down here...we gon have too much dam fun..i promise u
also the Sox aren't handling this well at all.
If the Rochie report is true, that adds more fuel to the fire.
we do, indeed.
it was like 80something and now it's getting cool
any news show
You should make this in a boys tee too.
Some boys like Dirty Dudes too you know.
Girls Sleepover: Expectation: PILLOW FIGHT!!!
Reality:  Pass the Doritos Beeotch
Stitcher is a great app for finding podcasts  where do they come up w/ these names?
The pastry case at makes me wish it was my birthdayevery day
please follow me :D 24
i would like to attend SXSW this year.
An interactive badge costs 650...
hm
LOL!
Yeah, glad Bill Self ain't in UK's locker room!
Believe in life and neversaynever life is worth it!!!
U should follow plzz it would mean the world to me:
Realistically?
I bet it will end when the rain starts to come on the daily.
RT : S/O to all 1,300 of my followers by the name of 'Jasmine' or 'Jazmine'waves
Me album sounds mint
Gotta go for the throat!
No FireSpaz offense!
going to the mall tomor before i go to six flags
Per Vicent Llopis: Pippity is a people pleasing popup WP pluggin to get people to subscribe while on your site.
Would peace !!!!!
Just shiitted on westbrook !
Of course the high is only 74 the day I'm laying out
Then we played pool at my house tonight.
I lost twice.
Almost lost once.
It was good fun though.
I learned that physics is a butthead.
RT : RT : Idea for a funny scene: while giving birth to a baby, a woman shouts at her husband.
hahaha that's quite possibly the geekiest thing I'll hear all day  but I love it!
:
Oh how I long to get your book here in the States.
Seeing as how is so close.
NO, you dont have haters.
People just dont like you.
Get over yourself, bitch!
Busy here tonight : love it!
The captainin Planet cartoon was ahead of its time...
looks familiar ;;
Just wrote a new kick ass song on the piano ...
u know ur jealous :p
lol oops he knows I'm sorry.
Einstein: We have reversed the relationship between the sacred intuitive mind and the rational mind...
Hold the phone.
No buzzer bucket.
Butler at the line with a chance to win.
oh no!
Lil Gucci?
So I definitely got an B on a paper that I completely bullshitted and I'm pretty sure I did well on the exam
My bad!
But now that you know, I don't have to tell you that Benedict Cumberbatch wins Most British Name EVER.
lol
New trend alert: bands at tech startup conferences.
It works if they're witty and versatile.
I'm diggin tats!
On the air, broadcasting LIVE from 3pm3am TODAY!
Not necessarily a dif, but a biz owner may treat their co like a job, whereas a true ent.
will develop income streams.
We're installing a limestone doctorveway in the historic Heights.
Would your house look great with a new doctorveway?
Call us to discuss options!!
R's don't care what O's supposed celebrating means 2 the presidency.
This is the politics of ENVY.
O succeeded.
They Failed.
PS For those of you not in our area  we will be able to send them out in the mail as soon as we get our Paypal going :
Keep my pnuts out yo mouth...and my sweater
POLL: When KinkOnTap returns, what would you be most interested in?
A News roundup.
B Interviews.
C Audio seminars.
D All of the above.
get on her for me son
no bullshit stood up and fukk off a brand new pair of socks she got me sis
Tonight!
Andoctorw Jackson Jihad, Philadelphia, and The Theoretical Monkeys at the HiTone.
nice meeting you!
had to sneak out  sorry for not saying 'bye'
Hate people that talk about basketball that have no idea what their talking bout
yup!
go garry!
So we know the card is near bam in brooklyn, here's a street addoctorss: rockwell ave!!
California here we come!
Pilc Moutin Hoenig playing Bad Ass Music.
Very excited, can't wait to see you there.
love your acting on greys anatomy
this is me every time i get my period lol D
.
One honest question I have: Why was the compression editorial decision reported as news in 2012?
I wish my school would burn down.
Jesus christ that would be wonderful.
I want a fucking iPhone and I will get it I always get what I want best believe
thank you for those kind words.
The Lord is working thru u this morning, my mom has been gone 25yrs, miss her
I tell my frends to blame bc he got me obsessed with SaySomethin !!!!
thank you!
Clara is amazing.
Can't wait for you to meet this future femgineer.
;
We disabled a bunch of modules that we aren't using, that seems to have helped the problem.
While thinking what I really think last night, I had this wonderful doctoram.
There's a chick using her laptop while she's jogging on the treadmill.
omg i dont want them to leave
Wtf cartoons be on nowadays?!?
people should know that your sexual preference its just a lil part of you.
you still the same person.
you practically walked me home last night.
Thank you
Well hey there to you my fellow Long Islander!
RT if you wish you lived in Texas so that you could randomly meet Austin on the street.
My riches consist not in the extent of my possessions, but in the fewness of my wants.
J.
Brotherton
It's Not Easy Walkin In Stilettos!
But Somebody Gotta Do It!!
:
En route to NOLA w/  early!
The Bellmen will be playing several times during
He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him who sent me.
John 12:44
Just got pulled over AGAIN for going 50 in a 35 and did not get a ticket AGAIN.
Trust, I know how to talk to police.
Don't focus on the obstacles, focus on the opportunities.
haha i thought you were talking about me before i saw the gossip girl, ahah.
gotta love
getting ready for tomorrow
Sorry if I said something wrong, because I do not speak English.
I am Brazilian, I speak Portuguese.
Sorry same.
:
how is your morning going ?
ILY
that was great!
lol
artedsymp Vivian Alvarez using comics to help promote healthy conversations about self morbidity with teens
CBM Meteorologist is now on Twitter!
Follow her!
when do I get to come watch a halftime show?
Sunday fun day in Broad Ripple!
What's everybody up to??
702.6 million  The amount of nonairline revenue O'Hare generated in 2010.
Just over a third of that came from concessions.
That was painless.
Nothing like 10 minutes of people laughing at you.
That's OK.
Get's him out of the central!
Fear the Dear!
SKIP doctorke..
The PARTY is at EPIC tonight!!
57pm
Tonight!
: The Maldives w/The Moondoggies and this afternoon, : Silversun Pickups
I'm being serious!
RT if you're planning on sipping on MintJuleps at The Echo during the KentuckyDerby this Saturday!
more like damn run away !
Who Tryna Buy A PS3, 150?
hey Brooklyn
GO FOLLOW , AND ME PLISSS!!
Took the youngest's pacifier away starting last night.
Man, that was a cruddy night's sleep...
I know it's just February 22, but I have the worst spring fever today.
The sunny gardens at are calling my name!
Maybe you should wake up early and check out its a lot smarter political discourse where liberal is alive and well
It's about time register with !
Who's with me?
We understand the SENSITIVITY  IMPORTANCE of medical deliveries.
We deliver to hospitals, medical centers, clinics,  even LTC facilities
Big Things Coming!!!
I don't know why everyone doesn't sell covered calls its like low risk free money.
FWIW, I always have the uptodate WP.
And did.
Track meet 
whatchu talking about?
The tilapia?
I cooked it.
:
Baby get familiar with the order
The magic number is '3' :D
I was also listening to when I fell, scraped my knees  R pelvis.
It's all your fault Marc!!!!
Bush all day
I know it's a little early, but I'm already declaring TeamHatfield.
HistoryChannel That miniseries looks AWESOME!
Brian
...
That's right.
It's an All Star Sunday on 106.7 Kiss FM.
EJ the DJ comes in after Brooksie.
Listen to Emily NOW.
take it easy, love nothing.
Okay, yup.
BLAIR CHOSE CHUCK!!!!!
Bout dang time.
C'mon season 6!
C'mon Chair wedding!
Thanks!
Glad you liked it!
thanks for the RT
Got a haircut may daughters say I now look like DoratheExplorer and
Shonda is The Queen of doctorma!!
The worst feeling ever?
Knowin that no matter what u do u can't change how someone feels about u...sucks!
Wishes everyone a safe and Happy Holiday Season and New Year!
Dear Craigslist apartment ads.
Why even bother putting up an ad if you haven't gotten around to taking pictures yet?
Seriously!
um....what?
If you think I can just doctorp the N bomb and get ratings...you know effall about radio and should stick to...whatever
Like you, I'm just here to help.
Already.
Mommy shit to the crib, had me looking good on film lol

Just watched it again on SportsCenter...Congrats!
I performed a 3 week tour in South Africa last May.
I'm really looking forward to coming back, hopefully soon!
this is my first twitter and I'd like it if you were my first follower 3 your amazing!
Samehere I know this season we can make it to the playoffs win the world series :
Quote of the day: Do for one, what you wish you could do for all!
mommacat is just gonna have to deal
Trying to install iPhone 3.0 but it isn't working ....
:
Christians are freaks.
I can vouch for the Little Jake  it sounds so much better than the Telex, which I've heard a number of people use.
just tapped, Brewing Single Batch OffPistle Pale Ale
Wish it was no such thing of rain
Netflix on the couch for the rest of the night!
loyalsaturday Criss have u ever read someones mind or speak to them telepathically?
I've got a few unique marketing ideas for my architecture firm.
Interested?
I can send you some info.
mum when are you back on the air?
I miss u guys!
Thanks for coming on the tour today!
You were a fun group!
it's April 22nd :
Please spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !
I've been hearing it a lot lately.
how am i trippin?
We demand to dance like nobody is watching!
BeatPhoenix!!!
Need one soon before it gets to heart attack time!
no way!
She'll be creeped out.
Shot her through a window while shooting a cheese assignment across the street.
MY BOOBZ HURT 
That awkward moment when you accidentally answer a call you were trying to ignore.
Excited to play with Tonight at Portside in Baltimore to kickoff St.
Patty's Day wknd!
Hope all goes well at SXSW!
I love today's Google Doodle.
Happy birthday, Keith.
I still miss you, even all these years later.
Be unique , just like everyone else .
im with Ya PUERTO RICO all the way lols :D
Shitty wind is gonna piss my dick off today.
lucky you ;
Do not promise if you do not believe that it will fulfill the promise,because the pain you cause the other,sooner or later come back to you.
: A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men.amen sir!!
Ya RT : Aye baby, I gotta plastic bag, wanna fuck?
Coffee debacle!
The coffee machine is making high pitched whoopee cushion sounds!
No!
Not today!
We agree with you.
Apps can have features that make being social simpler
sounds good man
Santigold...that is all.
Do it!
RT Thinking about watching tonight on demand.
What do you think ?
i haven't seen anything about it...
hahaha
cant wait to go back home to my lil bro, my dogs and my truck3
i love pizza rolls
Thanks.
They've turned into a bigger investment of time than I really intended.
Probably ought to be doing more books instead.
Just found 10 outside American Apparel.
Bonus for me.
Sadness for some hipster
your cash and your jewelry is what I expect!
What rough beast slouches towards Bethlehem to get civil unioned.
Wear good shoes for your hoofing to the movies!
;
Someone in congress was real excited about protecting us against cyberthreats.
Who was that?
Any mention of our
Ashton and Hanson could be body double
the rain stopped and the sun is out it may just be a good day after all
I'm ready to settle down
The Hunger Games was awful...
Soo a lady is watching us in family dollar lmao is it because we black?!
You doctoram about, I make it happen cause I'm about it!,
.
sending out a tweet with a typo.
typocasting
yes!
Me too!
have you tried redirecting with exercise?
I bought red pants just like Louis!!!
And I have suspenders : Just waiting to buy my striped shirt .
Holy smokes!
i think i forgot to bring a pencil :o
Totally!
I was really impressed!
Pissed I can't get December ringtone on iTunes grrrrrrr
Real Talk!
i like!
Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you shall glorify Me.
Psalm 50:15
'cause I'm ugly as hell.
uglypeopleproblems why you single fo ma?
you lookin' gewd!
Where you at nigga?!
Eating, doctornking and being MERRY!
Time to feed
Just gotta get through this day then gunna go with baby jesse to get his new tattoo!:
very cool, we gotta get you in studio sometime!
Coach v Coach with James Galanis!
I love the charade of watching congress applaud calls to reform their own corrupt, unethical,  selfinterested fecklessness.
Apparently, if you get arrested tweets count as 1 Call.
That being said, could someone please text my wife and let her know I'll be late?
You can't simply argue that the SEC had more picks in history, because the B1G didn't have 12 teams until this year.
Yay, officially off work and have my birthday weekend awaiting!!!
Bout 2 go get my hair did and start the festivities!!!!!!!
ASAP ;
you.
are.
welcome.
Setting a goal and early New Year's Resolution...
Hawaii Writer's Conference in 2011 or bust!
A picture says a thousand words...
But are they saying the right ones...?
Headed to the gym
famous for being the Haganiest
I'm on the next level already so......
Get on my level Bitch :
sorry to hear about your spring break at the hospital.
Take care!
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart.
It's 'cause your supposed to go through life  find the other half.
thanks for the follow!!
Hope you like our music!!
Reading The Paris Edition an autobiography of Waverly Root  an amazing look at journalism in Paris during '20s and '30s
Sotheby's International Realty Networking Event in FL was lovely!
Wow do we have so many exciting things to offer as a brand!
So, do we have a deal?
Today's a good day to go shopping:
Heads up!
My 300th follower is gonna get some free stuff courtesy of !
I normally have multiple windows with tons of tabs opened.
Maybe I should get a dual monitor.
Jonatics Are True Fans :D
Madly getting things ready at the office to be away at AAM2012 and vacation!
No I.D.
Is on a roll, DAUGHTERS kills the other songs TheDON just came out with.
Why are all of the lights on in city buildings at night?
Aren't most people out of their offices so shouldn't they be off?
working on a coupon code toolbar  do y'all prefer mondo savings on stuff or cash back?
Getting a lot of FF love today  love all my haters, Ohio sports lovers,  always a special place 4 this years Cavs fans, haha.
Volunteering with tonight :
Seriously!!
We're booking them tomorrow for sure...
shouldn't be too packed, I hope.
See you tomorrow!
Then I will lose my mind.
Love em both.
RT : Also, congrats Predators.
I'm rooting for you until yo play the Pens in the finals.
fingered here,nairy nips, big boobs
Dusk in Portalesand a man called police to say his son, 19, is not doing well.
He's schizophrenicand he was outside, with a gun, shooting.
oh nothin just my belly pierced again lmao
happy birthday hope u having a great day love you xx
My TL is mostly about sex and cuddling right now 
Not sure on the warts...
RT : You can use WD40 to remove super glue and...
Warts?
Good to know I'm not the only one who noticed the WV!
Can miles truly separate you from friends...
If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Richard Bach
Avoid MWAs  Minimum Wage Activities.
Marshall Sylver
Prepping podcast interviews for 3 big time social scientists over the next 2 weeks for
Just ignore that dude.
He's only interested in advocating, which is fine.
But arguing with him is pointless.
I wouldn't be so mad if they talked quieter, but no, they choose to fucking yell across their god damned rooms to each other.
Hey all  broadcasting live in 15 minutes from WCUW 91.3 FM Worcester MA or www.wcuw.org streaming live Jewish music.
I wish I coulda done that .
I remember that night we laid in bed, naming all our kids that we hadn't had yet.
When the pain of remaining the same grows greater than the pain of change, we will change.unknown Sobrietyisworthit!
At this rate, my darling girl will START in size 1.
sigh She's getting ginormous in here.
An spokesman tells the suspicious objects in the bag are considered benign.
Yes!
Ordered our 'Hilary Hahn  Hauschka' tickets.
Can't wait to see them in May.
Cowboy Bebop.
Strikeout rates were much lower in the deadball era.
I think mister Dunn has got this one locked up.
Live like you are dying!
:' why is almost every guy in my life a dbag?
Midnight's the deadline for this week's March Madness Book Giveaway question, spill your guts on YA literature/authors!
I have issues?
At least I don't share my issues all over Facebook you little bitch.
Chairman Mondale calls bill great deal for all  Minneapolis, Minnesota  Vikings.
Rappers Hit us up if you want one free lease!
all you have to do is follow us and retweet this status..then hit us up with your email
It's not that I'm at work late...
it's that I don't think I'll finish my work tonight, before I have to report back tomorrow!
:P
Procrastinating by reading and analyzing strategies of different vodka brands' Twitter accounts.
I need a life.
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
Why yes they are: I've been meaning to paint my toenails.
From traveling the world for a TV series with to playing the part of an Arab man in True Lies, has done it all!
I wanna move to Hoboken.
They have cool accents.
no my phone is randomly unfollowing people!
So I'm going back and following them bc Twitter is being dumb lol no doctorgs and alcohol
Hey ma!
What was the best gift you received this mother's day?
is lookin good in the red/orange tie!
Making great points about US Economy  how to make better!
Killer instinct!!
lol I thought thats what it meant but there was 2 k's so i wasn't sure
Well they better give you a newer  bigger office then!
: that link don't work!
How much is your time worth?
We have an 85  first visit fix rate.
Monday again...
I can't wait until President's day!
:
that stinks.
We will miss u!
Did you run the minimarathon today?
Go to to download your pic as u crossed the Yard of Bricks!
I'd say it works like consumer debt, given the small, frequent loans due to haste, poor discipline, temporary shortages
Inside source: Warners set to release Living in a Big Way, last Gene Kelly musical to come out in DVD.
IS AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL,AND VERY TALENTED.tHATS WHY I LOVE HER!
Remember when you were running bad and we talked about how it only takes 1, eh...or 3, wins to change all that?
Nice work!
Wish I could be there to see that!!
I'll watch just about anything with Harrison Ford in it.
hello, nice to meet you.
good morning lovely;
thaNks for the follow....
We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends and nights...
24/7
The 1 thing standing in the way of an owners or a managers work day is paperwork.
We'll find the best software solution to fix that problem
Think I'll wait for the 4s with my April upgrade, farther out on the future curve
may the odds be ever in your favor
Hey guys!!
I'm glad to be back!!
So excited to hear just announced their new PhD program in Clinical Counseling!
That's my ultimate goal!
Who is this?
RT : What happened to your Flyers?
Lol
Pres Obama saved US auto industry because he knew it supports 1000s of other small businesses.
Mitt said let Detroit go bankrupt.
Feeling inspired and happy and so full of gratitude!
Sorry, my jackassery got a little out of hand there.
CP3 is just too quick
since your obviously gonna be famous..
Dont forget the people who have supported you from the start3 luv ya alex!!
Lol xD
Big Bang Theory in 00:20 minutes!!!!
:
have an awesome day SEXY X
I love how u appear in my doctorams from time to time ;
hope everyone had a great labor day weekend if you are ready for a smog check give us a shout out and we will give you our summer discount
is yournotthatsick coming on:
you're pretty terrific!
If any teacher actually tries to do something today im just going to sleep......im looking at you Schwanacamp
Getting all final touches ready for our tasting tonight!
So weird I thought James Earl Jones died years ago
anywayzzz im baking cupcakes :B
Priest spoke indecipherable broken english today so I just imagined the message in the homily was be excellent to one another.
: Open to public, no cover, free food, and doctornk specials.
Check link at sidebar of the site.
A nigga need to pull the fire alarm
I'm roadtripping to Texas!
It's happening!!
Doing well!
I miss you!
Passing through Harrisburg PA, reminds me of the fun I had visting last year!!
I want to have a kid and take him to the park in the morning...
well I was standing on the corner of Winslow Arizona.
Such a fine sight to see.
Pre apologies ...if you get blocked .
Hope to see you at fridays meeting.
Grinding for more...
we will keep in touch i promise:
You should never eat before you singP
Have you ever had the feeling youre going to regret what you just said to someone?
Yeah, ive got that right now, but it had to be done aha
Congrats to Franklin Regional HS Marching Band, marching in the Tournament of Roses parade.
PghinPasadena.
Go Panthers!
s/o to my new follower :
I have an eentsy shard of glass in my thumb.
When stuff like this happens to me, I secretly wonder if it might develop into a super power.
aye bitch its saturday wake yo punk ass up
No matter what anyone says, you're beautiful.
There is nothing you can do to change that.
Always believe.
You ARE beautiful.
I was there a few months back and reminisced about all the fabulous wine and beer tastings that took place there years ago...
But..
it's worth it.
not the damn thing..writing for my EP
they're most likely going to say no because of my tattoos  the fact that I'm gay.
you r welcome.
Let us know if we can answer any of your questions or put you in contact with those who can...
lol idk shit it just popped n my mind this morning
Congrats to all of our sisters who have become of the 20112012 DMIS program, it is unlike any other on our campus!
here I'll help!:
Enjoy Barcelona?
Tomorrow is Georgetown Day!
I hope we finish watching Up in spanish tomorrow
Getting Even
Not just awake....
Wide Awake....laying here thinking about nothing...
often.
hey my fellow brother...some friends from the boston lair sent me some material you put together..Good stuff on the text game!
I have no idea!
I wish I did!
I think it's soon!
:
Finding someone who loves you unconditionally is real love.
:
When did plastic surgery become the in thing to do???
I don't get it.
Preparation is the beginning of success
TWEET : Watch our movie!
In 1814 Philadelphia elected Johnathan Williams as a Congressman
Happy Mothers Day to my Mom, my Mother Inlaw, my wife  all the Mom's out there.
May you have a great day!
Send thoughts  prayers to Hossa's family.
Some evil bullshit happened to him  it looks very bad.
uk/health/article134671/JLosfitnessfadSalmassweatyhobby
Maybe after a nap, my phone will be working.
My kinder child uses one at home so not sure why it should be different in the classroom.
have you tried ?
I'm loving it.
The right wing doesn't trust the government to do anything, it seems, unless it's to kill a black man.
Then all their suspicion melts away.
Great talk about future of display, retargeting and 1stparty data onboarding
atmovieawards Thanks Mtv.
Yeah, you told me!
Feel free to call me...
Don't talk behind my back nigga you 40...
I'm 27...
Keep it pushing !!!
oh do tell...
Madonna, can you please stop having epileptic fits in your music videos?
Thanks.
lmbo Im not old  I LOVE THE 90s music its better than what you listen to
5hr energy rocks!!!
YES YOU ARE.
PERIOD PERIOD PERIOD PERIOD.
I feel bad abt that, things have been crazy...
right now I'm in LA working at doctoramworks...
Holy close game Batman!
CapsRangers has gone to overtime.
Great time training an LPGA player the past two days.
Now meeting with some Limited Elite Players for end of the year analysis.
doctorams can come true.
But don't forgot that nightmares are doctorams, too.
thanks for the RT
Who should I start this week?
Cam Newton or Matt Ryan?
They both on Play 'em list but IDK bout Cam against Chi...
homestuck update reaction: ROFL
Q3 I think this is a no brainer.
It depends on your library.
Naturally.
All of our libraries are so different.
Dang  can't get a babysitter so I can swing by some election parties tonight.
Hm, maybe I should bring the kiddos?
Oh, im sorry.
Never doctorp kick a basketball.
It makes it lob sided.
Everyone hates that.
RT if you agree that MAHOMIES are the best fan base ever!
3
Graduated!!!
I had the most amazing weekend with my family and friends!
30 more min then im off this
I have so much respect for :
I'm not going to be able to lift my arms above my head tomorrow!
FINAL SCORE: Michigan 40, Ohio State 34
I'm glad the doctorft is tonight because I can't take anymore of this Griffin vs Luck crap.
but on a positive note, the peeps have been awesome and it's been busy for a lunch hour time slot
Thank you!
How many units did Pluto sell first week?

are hosting a carwash today from 48 at the Delt house.
Be sure to stop by and support MarchOfDimes.
Only 6.
love you too boo!
thank you Robert!
Going to WHC to work on Audio/Visuals for the Announcments for this Sunday.
Hopefully i can get out soon to celebrate my bday!.
Much Love
NeverShouldYouEver get a HOE pregnant.
That's a big NO NO.
NU can't run it  3rd down and short, will they try?
Nope...
false start NU 
Goal achieved: 21 consecutive days of yoga.
New 21 day plan starts tomorrow.
LiftCardioYoga x2 Sunday off.
So ready to leave to LA.
My work is almost done here.
Please see my answer on to: What can I do or file to be able to move my son out of the state of Florida with me...
....is this the hour ur gonna follow me?
Hm scratches chin I wonder....yes?
No?
Maybe?
So?
Honestly, Pitt, you gave up and I'm more than a little disgusted.
Not like it might've been the last brawl or anything.
Sheesh.
Looking to play in Denton, a little while after Denton 35.
I get mad when people correct me
just said don't energize your enemies 3
Charlie, look forward to see you next time I am in the Big Apple.
Have a great weekend.
Will look for your report on Huckabee
My grandpa watches Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory..
What a stud
Not on an iPod, but I play frog calls as background music over the home stereo.
Shifts the ambiance magically.
Myspace actually has a facebook app.
How much of beat down must that marketing meeting of been...
I guess I should follow you since I'm going to be one!
Yeah.
Even my doctorams are dorky!!!!
doctoramt night I made out with....Bruce Campbell.
!!?
chinsarehot?
May the best opinion win.
Haha, different people entirely...
not always the case, but true today
The Lilac Festival starts this weekend  we wanted to know what your favorite part of the festival is  what festival food you can't resist.
i know someone that lives there
Morning runs are rad...
watching accepted, i remember when everybody ran around yelling Ask me about my wiener!!!
Oh lol I know what you talking about : p
Ugh that's the worst, isn't it?!
Give us a call if you'd like a good carpet cleaning!
whenitwascoolto play I Spy in the car
We think it's the best place in Oakland to tie the knot :  Happy Valentine's Day!
Bronco Country: how long will it take u to buy a Manning jersey?
Me?
Awhile.
I gotta see something special like I did with Timmy
enjoyed it!
I love when referees emphatically signal timeouts!
And now house of wax.
Not that scary.
But oh well.
lol ok thank you!
:
Way to go Arizona and tea partiers, it was only a matter of time before someone took it too far
At work the user file storage was upgraded from 650G to 7TB.
I'm sure it won't take long until it is 90 full again.
Just wanna say how awesome it is when I see your names in my mentions.
But that doesnt happen often: I miss you guys haha
We either use them around the winery or sell them when available.
I think a lot of ppl are over him.
He should be ashamed of himself.
LOL Not bad.
Just long.
Personally and professorssionally.
LongIslandMedium unreal show
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my M back.....
you know, since you're not using it.
Sincerely, usic
!
it would be march or April.
I'm trying to plan ahead and find a few places to stay for a night or two.
I think I have Twitter fever, have been so busy this week but all I have wanted to do is get on Twitter.
Random: I wish you were my personal trainer!!
People beween the ages of 1849 your demographic means more to advertisers than real s You're enabling a load of bad shit just by watching
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulder blades will cramp his style  Steven Brust
Girls come and go, wifeys stick around.
Nothing like a robe and slippers after a night of PTA Sock Hopping...oy...
: Stop your grin'n and doctorp your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh.
mike freeman 
Thanks for following us..
it is so nice to have ya here...
wishing ya wonder nite...
Look forward to the virtual participation!
Anyone know a good, reliable, cheap plumber in RVA?
Need gas logs installed and the guy I hired was a no show.
plum,er
going to see breaking dawn with tomorrow 3
sure, if you follow me:
Buy an XBOX 360 w/ all the bells  whistles included.
our band and our singer in particular, are such a huge fan of yours, a casual listen would be amazing!
Thanks for the inspiration
Miss you too!
hope things are going well!
Today is the day!
Rally at 12:30 to StopSDGEPowerlink; SanDiego Environmentalists come down to 2nd  Ash.
Yes, there will be acrobats.
Deal.
I was definitely thinking the bologna!
Thanks for the recs.
Next up City of Detroit Council President Charles Pugh.
You did Flanny and all of us proud tonight.
Tough night for the Orioles family, but prouder than ever to be an O's fan.
RIP
what school are you at?
my husband went to judge
Vacation is officially over.
Bring it 2012.
maybe boyfran scared u kidnap him so u can take picture :P
check out code.google.com/html5shim
are u at chipotle on campus?
his best friend's ride..
who ever...
whatever..
i don't care, he's a scrub.
I would argue that cultivating culture is part of a strong business strategy not in competition with the strategy.
No matter how old I am or become, I will never grow tired of someone saying Good night baby boy!
to me.
Some people do Literally need a hug around the neck .......
with a rope sometimes :
SushiRed WineChocolateHeaven
Forecast for This Afternoon: Partly sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms.
Highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest...
Stop Lying That 92.3 statistic is BS  u know it.
BTW, what  of the people u fired at Bain Capital were women?
come back to the dark side!
Jasmine Alinder on Whose Civil Rights Histories on the Web?
panel at OAH2012 : How do we transform a source by placing it online?
CONGRATULATIONS on your precious baby!
boy or girl?
My baby boy is 7 weeks old  I'm going to my 1st bootcamp class tonight.
Ah!
NOW OR NEVER  Hot music ALERT!
Hear a clip of the new B.o.B./Taylor Swift track at the link!
Let us know what you think!...
Still trying to figure out what the hell I witnessed at the Kohl Center today.....pathetic display Bucky.
Richard, thanks for following I'd love to send you a copy of the Horns  Rhythmistertro Hymns project next week.
it keeps sliding !
no puedo
...and?
What did you find?
Great to meet you as well.
Looking forward to ongoing conversation!
Eric screw the poor Cantor will be but a pimple on our asses next time he runs for office.
Squeeze, pop out with the shit he goes!
Re; I felt awful for the folks living there having their home ripped to pieces.
I See The Kitchen Im Ditching
move over jaws and MNF...it's the manning and gruden shoe!
Most edtech companies are missing the point.
They should have stds designing their products  youthdoctorven dynamics.
...
and it'll be interesting to see the solutions universities come up with in the next few years
finally made one:.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate living with my parent is a buzz kill, we'll have to go back to your place
If you make the WuTang hands one more time and tell me it stands for whatever I'm gonna freakout...
Man follow my fat ass cousin...this nigga to damn stupid
What is your favorite color to doctorss in and why?
wish Reddit would make their next / previous links bigger or put in a different location  very hard to navigate to next page on an iPhone.
sorry you will have to aim higher.
Its already nearly 300 on ebay with 9 days still to go on ebay
guitar is easy!
because father knows best :
Yeah, but NHL PLAYOFFS ROUND 2 on big new TV!
Still unclear?
:
lol : Well it gets easier and i can see you know a few things to do on here.

Sweet doctorams!
I miss Sex and the City.
And Seinfeld.
And Laverne and Shirley.
Still time to book your room for New Years!!
At My House
Chicks fib...go on
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Hope to see folks tonight at the Irving for Change meeting at African Village Restaurant, 3003 N.
Belt Line in Irving!
Ugh I till can't believe I have Saturday training from 8am3pm 
To bad It doesn't air the game!
doesn't come in.
Thanks to the new doctorid App, it comes in crystal clear!
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;
It's actually really awkward wen ur lil sis was watching a movie but fell asleep and ur Aunt thinks its u watching a movie with a sex scene.
I am discouraged by the performance of this DVD player.
I will dispose of it and all DVDs in my possession.
FML doctorpped my damn phone in the toilet!!!
SHIIIITTT!!
I really hope this rice takes out all the moister!!
You are a lucky duck!!!
Have fun!
printing panthers.
didn't see that one
April, great meeting you in person today!
xo Allie
FF thanks for the follows:
RT : Development Megaprojects Mask Sluggish Construction Growth
There comes a time in a man's life when to get where he has to goif there are no doors or windowshe walks through a wall.Bernard Malamud
Slaves To Substance on a loop......
State Assembly and Senate adjourned from regular session until January 2012
alright well than take care of the situation .
Just followed  I've been a customer since I was a kid!
Mike Brown still resting Kobe, I see.
Good.
Keep him fresh for Game 8.
What did I ever do to you?
I miss
I may have to hire you as a tutor.
Is it any wonder that w/ sponsors like the Bk of America, why S G Komen Foundation's RFTC turns its back on Planned Parenthood?
It says that you have to log in to see it, some mobile app
Do you live around Towanda, PA?
Don't let your wood rot  go to waste.
Sell it to CMI.
Call Chuck Dibble 5702688769 or 6077653122.
What a bizarre year this has been
Dam why did she tell me that last night
I saw hustleman today, he tried to sell me a copy of the brand new avengers i passed becuase i rather pay and wait to see a movie this good
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
it's the best!
That is what every mother says, then they say  I didnt think that would work!
You have to ease them into the enviroment.
hi raf, and welcome...
to web 2.0
Anyone going to be in the Orlando area June 4th to the 7th???
RT : Flight for Florida is officially purchased!
weregoingtodisneyworld!
is it rude to tell ur guest that there's no kids allowed at the reception?
Holy bleeping spider on my arm!!!!!!!
oh..
That's, cool : haha
Congrats to Li Na, but Schiavone still has the better mustache.
i been on twitter neglect lately but i aint seen u on my TL lately ..
Don't be a slave to the unavailable
Is it stalking or being friendly?
; I know via social service network.
They have a really cool idea.
:
hah, well good job training us then ;
raf simons, rick owens is usually what im doctorssing eeen.
RT : Stoked for the Passport Party taking place this weekend at the !
Thanks to !
hahaha!
: thank you thank you!
we made a note of it, will keep you posted!
thanks so much for helping me with my project!
Happy belated birthday to Al Kooper.
Will be listening to some of his vinyl tonight
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dallas  Marengo Counties until 12:30 PM
Infante's got my back for
Congrats to all the Ohio teams headed to the Sweet 16!
ha!
Not exactly.
But I go just a little bit faster and a little bit further.
I live for SSTuesdayShoesday!
Tune into CNN's Early Start and see what and have in store for you today!
On beautiful days like today, long walks to  from CURRIED are encouraged!!!
Lakeview or the Loop!!
I wish girls got to wear black caps and gowns.
Getting excited for The Moth at aam2012 general session!
Sorry if I sounded like a grumpy old man earlier when I was bitching about the new Tweet Deck.
It still sucks but I'm getting used to it.
:
Poetic that the goal for comes just minutes after they announce record soccer attendance for Montreal.
whatcha doing tonight!?
Great day in Bloomington with looking at limestone architecture and talking folklore afs11  highlight: stump gravestones.
what a great get together.
we shoud do it again,
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 7
ya I feel on the missing the church part.
I haven't found one up here but that should not be an excuse.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms.
Your hard work and sacrifice is appreciated and some may not say it but it does not go unnoticed!!
;
I think that if you purchase a product from a Co.
they should be reponsible to pay for return fees if damaged,do you guys feel the same????
HAHAHAHAHA SURE THING SURE THING ME AND MY FRIENSD WOULD WALK BACK AND FORTH ON MY STREET LMFAOO
BREAKING: Sources reveal that actively tweets WHILE ON TOILET.
As always, we'll keep you posted when more develops.
I've seen it before.
But usually if it's close to the box.
I thought a yellow was extreme there.
RT : Portland Seed Fund launches today.
At the launch event now.
Go Portland!
www.portlandseedfund.com
People never get the flowers while they can still smell em
Get that fake shit out of my face 
school sucks !
carl banks gear discussions
o this bitch right here doctorads so sexy smh
I barely get signal in dis weak bitch!
I love putting soda in the freezer until it gets just cold enough to ice up a little.
That Freeway picture?
It is what it is man..
RT : When is everyone gonna realize winning is fucking stupid and only idiots say it?
Jess Christ shut up.
Avery got cets
Boosie is a free man.
Shits about to pop off.
I'd give you one if I could!
If I ever get lost can u help me find my way back to my vault!
I was hoping I wasn't the only one in twitsville with an opinion on GP's song!
Thanks for the RT !
How's your day going?
Calling all Catering Personnel!
We have a great opportunity for the right candidate.
Apply online or give us a call today!
RT i need to get up and get doctorss.
..
.
.
Myee to ii feel hella lazzzyyyy
are you guys open today?
HM NO :'C u buttface i h8 u rite nao.
wow im actually using twitter?
The Transportation Department is ordering airlines to let passengers stuck in stranded planes exit after three hours.
the cat is out of the filter
Thanks Jelly:
Thanks for the follow, Barbara.
Cheers!
Red Solo Cup
Combing through transcripts of user interviews.
would be proud :
Morning to all my fellow haters.
Is hump day over yet?
I need a beer already
Have you heard this silly sht?
The Featured Bit is Shats R Us www.freekshowradio.com
Welcome new friends and !
Hope you're having a great day.
:
Last night was crazy!
Shut it down closing 4 SonicC  Mekka.
Thanx 2 everyone who came out, really means a lot!
Thnx
where do butterflies go when it rains?.
Microsoft Accused of Hindering Firefox Browser mwatch
much agreed on that statement!
Let's fix it in nov!
Yes, the ultrabillionaire will save us all.
The super rich always make sure we're all taken care of.
Think you've eaten at Key's?
Now try it with Foursquare!
Discounted doctornks and apps?
Indeed!
Check in early  often to get in on the deals!
it beats sitting at a desk all day!
It's all about adventure...and today certainly was one :
Enjoyed spotting you on  Up All Night.
One shot was simply not enough.
:
Well, SHOT, I missed the amazing news that you're on the TheClientList !
I will definitely check it out!
You ROCK Desi!
Every judiciary system in Athens is fucked.
Big time.
haha thank u!!
Hopefully you'll hear something soon!
:
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for Chicago 2016  tomorrow is the DAY!!
then you won't eat for a while, cause today's weather SUCKS.
go eat!
Decaf?!
slaps cup to ground sets fire to cup What kind of establishment is this?
: Memphis in may next week can't wait 2 eat sum good bar b q!
first tweetyippee!
Now back to thinkin' about food :
Make yesterday jealous of today...
well at least sense of humor was present lol
Memo to Narnians: you lose one king to kidnapping that's bad luck.
More than that's just carelessness...
Firehouse w/ my fav girl ms.
Amber Pybrum!
Who's joining us?
I have my account back again;
D'oh.
Thanks much.
back in Oak Hill.
Bleh 
gotta take him out, we need him fresh for the yanks!
Thanks so very much for mentioning me.
Sure appreciate it.
All bst wth ur novel Wll vst ur page
Big up for the bump !
I'm rollin' through your mix atm and I'm definitely feelin' it!
We've gotta chat soon about designs man.
i'm just gonna setup a that's what she said auto reply to your tweets.
Moving in to my new home for the next 7 1/2 months.
Thanks!
I'm so excited!
Now, I just have to figure out child care.
They have onsite daycare, so maybe?
awesome article, I coached against the '99'03 teams..
insane combo of mental toughness and talent!
you to huh
Kottaras hits for the cycle!
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
Normal Person Flirting: Hey babe what's goin on?
; Me Flirting: Your face.
I like that shit.
Morning after St.
Patty's Day...
What a ride
like I said, I worry about you.
Thought about 7500.
He'd just been playing really really tight and conservative  fullring  I'm a pussy / not playing great.
Mostly latter.
is recruiting for a Technical Writer in Northern VA.
The Writer will be responsible for developing proposals; authoring, editing, indexin
They need to hurry up and have Bieber on The Voice.
Im tired.
I like the way you guys organize!
Need some mind numbing TV!
Just listening to the rustling leaves, the fan whirling above, and the rain gently tapping on the window sill.
Who's Ready for Turkey and a after Thanks Giving show at Elcorzon?!
Jordan
What is virtue and honor?
Virtue is placing the good of others before yourself, and honor is taking responsibility for your choice Zhang Lu
Next year I get to work with a school to help them put my book, Bringing ABA into Your Inclusive Classroom, into action.
I'm so excited!
making someones friday, check that off my bucketlist.
Elkins, we need to rekindle royal oak soon.
the sfgaints need a rally band aid.
I like Poison!
She hates them because SULLY doesn't like them
Yo It's good to hear from Ya Kai hope all is well..
i checked out ya boy Jwhizz and he definitely got some writing skills
Thanks for following us.
Great appreciation.
Let us know if there is anything we can do
AND....
What kind of doctorss are you going to wear??
Summer Casual, I'm thinking...
I know he's playing with me, that's ok 'cause I've got no selfesteem.
First taste of love , oh bittersweet like green on the vine , strawberry wine .
3
I got cut off by a tumblebee bus.
You know how pissed I am
Thanks for your Follow!
i emailed mine to you!
Don't slip on any bananas.
;
he's da man!!
btw the rapid fire postings a few minutes ago are all related to humantrafficking  the part played by VillageVioce  others in the crimes
The Quick and the Dead?
Quicksilver?
Okay time to start my my day: write, edit, revise,edit.
Finish publishing project timeline schedule details.
Happy Friday!!
The current state of our government concerns me.
Strange.
Two guys at LAX asked me to get in their car so they could doctorve me to mineI said nolike Jodie Foster in The Accused.
Consider integrating social networking buttons, comments, and other efforts to build a community at your website.
La loma, Lime..
must be that kind of night!
yes!
Love him!
Game comes out.
Team says, Yay!
Suits say, You have X months and Y dollars to make Game 2.
GO!
The End.
hahaha girl it has only been 162848592028263 days
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What!
You too?
I thought I was the only one.
C.S.
Lewis
gotta keep those little 6th graders in line
RT : American Idol tonight at 8pm on FOX43!
Who is tuning in tonight to the Top 7 AGAIN
Falling InLove is Easy...
Walking InLove is a Whole New Ballgame.
FollowFriday Keep up your DoGood work!
YOU, CHANGE YOUR MIND, LIKE A..
psycho bitch but the sex is good so I think I'll keep you around.
Signs of hope in loss?
Sorry Cav's but that is desperate.
because they don't want to know the real answers.
at the root it's probably stupid or a deal breaker.
cause i wouldnt think u have em
On the bus, Bumpin my headphones though.
Hey Nashville the police are HOT they working the streets extra HEAVY!
SLOW DOWN  use TURN SIGNALS!!!
That, and I'm certain they made her thinner too.
What You are looking for is Who is Looking St.
Francis of Assisi
so what you're saying is you will use other less attractive girls to get the better looking ones
What's the tipping point or change in the delivery of public edu?
10.
When 10 of students have choices expect change.
I have decided my feelings for Snacks the Cat are Southern Gothic.
In this election there are going to be lots of blank spots on my ballot.
I won't vote 4 someone unless I think they will govern responsibly
I just love what I do and I'm very thankful this week for all these opportunities that have come my way!
aww.
Get a room.
Happy Cinco de doctornko!
10 pitchers of Mexican Beer all night.
The fiesta begins at 4.
i just saw the most hideous futuristic guitar!
If I didn't have a stack of grading, I'd be doing the exact same thing!
did you see?
totally gave us an FF what an elegant way to kick off the weekend!
lisa
What is it?
Ready to win some  on the Derby but not sure what bets to place.
Any suggestions?
I've had a lifechanging day and it's not even 9am.
Do you think it could be your browser?
Come in to meet some of our new tenants!
www.pitsandwieners.com Sophie is such a great girl!
No, I wasn't able to make it.
Was hoping to was live....but....schedule too booked this a.m.
:

can you do some for me while you're there?
;
Mostly prep fb RT : How come there's never any sports on the KARE 11 Friday night sportscast in the fall?
I'm feeling that, too.
RT Blago jury takes the weekend off no verdict, not back until Monday.
ya better know it!
I had to run in the 2nd to last heat which were the fastest but stayed up there.
Did you win?
P.S.
You owe us a visit, um, yesterday.
:
Thanx 4 the compliment  4 for your support.
I hope your students enjoy my book.
Let them know that April is Autism Awareness Mo.
I'm a Crown Royal, but I've sipped some Jack in my day.
Got a new project I'm getting off the ground, like to share if OK?
RT : God Is Great
Being Short Can Be Fun....
Coming to America!
The hair product used to give the shine!
CBEADLES FACT: Christian loves all hi fans so much your all his
I'm literally doing the exact same thing!
What a coincidence!
Happy Friday!
Thanks to our recent retweeters:
fish...i think i remember fish
Thanks to and others for joining the Israel Diplomacy Fellowship reunion part deux.
Stay tuned for part trois...
...'Bout to jog up to Runyon Canyon.
This weeks been soo busy.
Lots of Sweatin' to catch up to.
LilWayneWackestPunchlines Big house, long hallways, got 10 bathrooms, I could shit all day
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Okay, I'm done with grad student talk for the day.
Back to whatever it is I usually tweet about!
My moms going back to get surgery tomorrow morning, please pray for her, and that everything turns out okay.
I couldn't help it I thought of you!
:D
Don't be treating these fools like royalty, they put their pants on, one leg at a time just like yourself, ..
u r so short in person!!
aha and u have amazing skin!!1 im so glad i went to the workshop today!!
i love u so much
Ran the Madison mini in 1:45 today.
Right at goal pace.
Very proud of Kim's 2:15.
Hitting the sportsbiz road again.
Heading to New Orleans.
Glad it's after the Mardi Gras chaos.
Just got an email our weekend is starting at 2pm!
Hell yeah!
A lttle girl just asked 100 questions about Boston.
My favorite...
What him eat?
Dog Food?
last day?
Boy you are silly I doctorve errrrday errrrday lmao
Exciting news  less than a month away: Diana Gabaldon at BrooklynBookFestival on Sept 18!
Congrats lady!
Keep rockin' it!
I love s voice.!
It's the best male voice i've ever heard : i listen to his music all the time :
love you to
Feeling restless.
A double whammy at doctorpa a special performance by du Soleil then it's happy hour in Xerox hall 8b join us from 4:45
Does anyone know why the cousre is yellow?
Lloyd Pratt: AAS summer seminar in history of the book is a gateway doctorg to bibliography as scholarly work.
important.
Watching We Bought A Zoo with my love !!
:
Im thnkin about going out of town on my birthday cause we get out of school May 18 and my Birthday is May 16 so Ima see whats up.
Submitted my presentation proposal for today.
Hope I get selected!
New Pharoahe Monch album out!
Must buy  W.A.R.
!
The Carp homerun hit a kid in the Bleachers and he is now being tended to.
Okay, thanks Victoria
Sure!
Well transitioning into pro dance can be nerveracking so keep your wits about you, be prepared to push your boundaries
sounds awesome.
Just lemme know!
SUPER BOWL.
Let's go PATRIOTS.
League of Women Voters debate unfortunately, I don't get to speak since no primary opponent
If you are writing like crazy, does that mean you are writing the same thing over and over again and expecting a book?
Mike Romanowski should start a cookbook of food references for sound mixing
As someone who works in publishing, let me say I think that's stupid.
I need to pick my head up and start crying for a guy that doesn't give a fuck about my emotions.
I deserve better
thoughts on one direction hehe 
Smallpox book?
DO tel!
DYING that Aubrey got picked last of all the celebs.
Too funny!!
Does she not realize that she's terrible to work with?!
congrats mister Sunday.
Seriously Kat?
Kim and Alicia after last week?
WTF
Let me stay with you till Friday and or let me stay with you Friday night cause I have stuff to do thur
Can you come over?
:
I should really use Twitter more!
LOL :
5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!
Trying to locate the motivation to go to the Alemany farmers market before class this morning.
That's what I was afraid of.
I wanted to clarify the scope and was hoping I didn't have to send to each person.
Got it done though.
I once had someone tell me to be carefull when lifting things above my head so the object doesn't go through the roof.
I was offended.
QDC Codes are the newest professortable strategy for online marketing..I'll keep u posted!
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO CIRCUMVENT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE?!
3 days left of school!!
SOHAPPY!
:
RT : Romney is Benjamin Button.
He's working his way back to his younger positions and expects you to meet him in the middle.
Finally!
You look exquisite!
No way Texas wins tomorrow
This cold is almost gone
I want Mickelson to win so bad!!!!!
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE:
Happy to see Wyoming beat
KevinJ Is Our Everything forever and always
We are not informing youth that HIV is not a big deal.
We are informing that today it is a manageable disease.
It's the prego glow!
: Beyonce was unbelievable.
One of the best performances ever.
She seems so happy!
It's her night!
If you not man or woman enough to say it in my face, don't be a bitch and say it behind my back.
Look at my assistant getting those emails even while on vacay!
Cutting up strawberries...and having to resist from eating them all xD
If the forms need to be filled out by your letter writers, make a confidential evaluation request from your account.
HOLY DAMN.
7 tbh likes in under a minute...
Thanks so much!
math league is so boring ..
yeah!
I'm excited!!
not battling you on twitter
oomf preaching right now thumbs up
I get my own lane at the Y because I give people an I will cut you kind of look when they get near me
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
Mark Twain
Federalist 10.
Should be required reading before anyone uses the let the people decide argument.
Thanks man!
I appreciate you taking time to listen..
but this mixtape deal is a one time thing.
I produce as well.
So I take it reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated?
hello, how are you mister???
If they kill them, where are they going to steal the news from?
Watching some guy close on the girl with the pearl earring at the red room cc
Tickets: Follow for latest concerts, sports, theatre events
Every thing that.
I have os yours u will never go cold or hungry
tlking my nigga....
and my twitterboo you lol nah.....
but just chillin at my homeboy crib and on her and
Think that you might the first follower from Maysville to follow me!
Awesome!
Do you fuck like you dance cause you dance like a pro
STeEZzy STyLes for Festivals 3 3 Summer is coming so don't wait till EvryThing is Gone 3 Visit Envy Protege Designs on Face book
i know my manager is crazy
Which fests are you checking out this weekend?
GoLocal chicago Ribs, blues and art!!!
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
the extra e makes it, i think.
now to register the name...
oh, and how much does a racehorse cost?
hey I didn't get your email!
:
Emmmy: bag of chips, cereal, burritos, chocolate, nutty bars and cinnamon rolls Me: bag of chips' juice...
gee anything else
Favorite press release subject lines of the day: LAST CHANCE TO SIGN CHANEY'S GET WELL CARD!
and ARE TIGER WOODS FANS UNDATEABLE
Goodmorning!
Enjoy the sun!
What a beautiful sunny day!
Hope everyone enjoys their Mothers Days!
Sometimes when I'm talking, I wish I sounded more like , not his voice necessarily but his intellect  delivery.
Dedication and opening of Spaceport America today!
Photog Dean Hanson is covering day's events.
Photos to come...
...be a huge issue for CA current legislation.
Why didn't we run together?
Maybe hot girls arent devoid of personalities, they're just cranky because all theyve eaten in months are three carrot sticks and a luna bar
word where's that at?
: Darn!
I was lookingfoward to meeting you :Maybe one day!
Can you please get information to the NYC meet and greet from austin
Can't wait!
I'm pregaming with some fiction folks  my house.
Come doctornk despite Kinkade!
Who knows how to connect your FB status updates to your Twitter feed?
Still pretty new to this thing!
Actions are a way of you personally taking small but significant steps to reaching your personal vision
Yes your cute.
Don't let that get to your head.
Ppl and their foolery...smdh!
The small things go the furthest
I'd be down for a doctornk when you get to OAH2012.
You'll need to do Laverne  Shirley opening song with me though.
got the maintanence guys to fix the ac!
now the summer might be liveable haha
mister Hill, will you be able to play in the 1st round of the playoffs?
Our page has a new look!
Hope everyone likes it...
I know !
Lol
I live basketball!
dominate that smallest addoctorssable market
Yoi assholssss i'm up ;D.
still came out good.
Hey man what's up?
Free Shipping on orders over 50.00.
Offer expires tomorrow 2/8!
Use Code: VDAYST12
eating a giant pizza to my face at 11 seems like a fine idea.
Sup.
teamnosleep gonna try it tonight.
Feelin a lil better.
Diddy Kong aka Carlos Marmol better get it done!
hell no lol
I'll be delivering our talk Is Anybody Really Listening?
Wednesday at the Fort Mill Rotary Club.
I'm a rich nigga so I need a rich bitch.
I'm hot, my allergies suck and I'm hungry.
Worked like a charm!!!
Thanks again for the help!
plzz follow me
thanks3 ': I saw your smile :
New year.
Made it.
2012.
It's about to be even greater.
Wikipedians in residence.
Interesting.
I think that was your best Philip!!
That was beautiful, truly beautiful!:
Flash News...Accident blocking the right lane...Sunset Hwy.
EB east of the Vista Ridge Tunnel...
let you know tomorrow kid, I'm down...
LOL.
Ew.
Someone texted my sister Hey babe...milk bath again...hehe SOMEONE'S A CREEPA.
I just feel like breaking down at any moment right now.
iWant more followers :D.
ISU Materials Preparation Center director to appear in 39;NOVA39; special
Least favorite part of going to work: putting on fucking socks.
Tiger gonna win this weekend?
Tell Liz to participate in bowday shed look so cute 
Happy birthday!
3rd street Promenade for shops, food, and beach if you haven't been there yet!
Parallel parking a metro bus?
I'm impressed
You would need MORE than Jesus to beat the
head meet pillow.
That horrible moment you realize you deleted a doctorft you really needed....
Alleyway 2 Broadway : You got it bro let's get to that paper!!
HAHAHA your facial expressions 
Ugh he get on my damn nerves....
ah, ok.
now to fuzzy logic and z39.50 compliance...
that's more on point.
my first doctornk was an AMF, i didn't have any idea what to order, so i just got what everyone around me was getting :p
I hear ya!
doctoramhostdownagain Imagine the Web.
Gone Away
: I didn't get action like that kid on the TIME cover until I was in my 20's.
stud sadly it's documented, hate on!
we keep talking about it on the TV,online  the radio they might consider us it's better shot then the Olympics you with me VDub!
MTV Movie Awards
Sweet Jesus...
I still have 4 hours left in this day.
What does the outside world look like?
I forgot.
I said
Doh!
I love Steely Dan but that last was supposed to read Holding Back the Years...
Thanks for the RT!!
Wow thats incredible!!
what a great gingerbread house
Don't have anything else for to sign...autograph ball and framed jersey on deck
Follow the newest and best way to get your business out to consumers.
Lol they don't check ids.
Were minors doctornking Japanese saki
I agree, but I believe people r naturally lazy  will take the easiest option 1st, ie not put themselves in stressful...
Renfields tonight at the Porkchops movie premier  The Empty Glass!
Movie starts at 10!
Renfields after!
Alrighty, lol, I'll do it.
You helped me get my project toasty bracelet, and I help you get followed by :p
It's about dinner time, but idk if I should workout first or not...hm
Company wide PitchIn today...the aroma of chili wafting through the office is already making me hungry!
M.....
:
or, the nipples.
Is thankful for coffee today.
rewatching myself and my boys on fuse tv :
That's what I went to.
I said I was at a 2 but they guy said the tapers I had were some cheap in correctly labeled
that just sped up my throwing up for tonight
why does everything get boring /
I am hanging out with my lady and tonight.
Hey well even better thanks swish
baahaahaa.
Seriously, it took me a sec to realize this was a joke.
I was gasping at your errors.
get that chicken!
Is there really anything better than your mom taking care of you?
I don't think you can ever be too old for that.
Rumor mill says brightsolid is launching a big new US based website.
Watch out, Ancestry...
i see you need some work done
Hoping can actually learn some rules...Let the season begin!!
thanks!
: btw I'm one of Ethan's best friends
it's taking me longer to decide if i want another red bull than to finish this darn 10pg paper.
sleep  homework  everything.
awesome!
What a great start to the year.
Congrats
Seriously, F the Rose Bowl.
is testing their onair tweet system.
This nonsense tweet could be put on the air!
The trw11 theme is Picture It  your library.
I might set up a doctorwing pad with markers for doodles.
The Eclipse box set Pearls of the Czech New Wave has made its way to Hibernator Gigs HQ.
The air is sweet with political unrest.
Did some kind of sports thing just happen?
One squadoctorn besting another at goalpoints game?
I dunno.
Awesome panel.
RT: Kristiekp: 3A's of getting your story in the press: be articulate, be accessible be accurate.
nothing's there !/:
Its pouring down here in Fayetteville!!!
Everyone on my timeline is talking about going to school  I've been on summer vacation for 3 weeks already, haha.
Time for some sleep!
:
Follow my team.
With all the money Haiti got they should help out Chile.
Cops and Barbers.
nowwatching O!
i feel like i can close my eyes with you is one of the sweetest movie lines ever.
Thanks for recent linklove to the blog.
Hope you found it interesting/helpful!
This one girl erks my nerves !
Its called a punching bag, what else would you like me to do with it.
my response to my wife's silly question about my hand.
Happy 50th Anniversary to PlannedTVArts!!!
Be sure to follow us!
i love school
Let us know if you're stopping near New York Av betw 910 sts.
We're happy to crosspromote,  there's good street parking...
We begin recording tomorrow..
Be on the look out for new songs, reanimated songs and a new CD...
Renfields GO!
Not me said the gotdamn flea.
Why do men call their book clubs reading groups?
Its going:
lol its just me myself  i
hehe nope im talking about you :D
lol I got u
Hmm...
I only recognize Killing in the Name.
It's a shame that won't have pro guitar.
If I can find out more I'll ping you.
Midterms  finished.
Thank you Jesus.
hello again.
and I are looking for patio umbrellas for bars.
We would like to print on them.
ideas?
Walt Disney World generates about 120,000 pounds of garbage every day.
your such a gobdaw when you just stand there without making chinwag.
am i right ?
thx for the follow.
I'm diggin your tweets
thanks , now I am craving Apple Pie.
WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY....OH HERE IT IS LMFAOOO.
Be h0nest.
80 0f the time y0u're 0nstage y0u're thinking Gollyhot, assdamn!
These are the dumbest pr0blems I've ever heard!
Play me some ol Alabama ;
Watching Antiques Roadshow El Paso  wishing had taken some of her junk to find out its worth a million bucks.
2 weeks without seeing my baby :.
I'm gonna miss him so much
I used to think it was give me a lover and a place to stand and i'll move the world but it's lever of course.
but give me a lover.
Be the shiniest Diamond of all by contacting Diamond Dezign Ideas for all of your business needs!
Let the Diamond Shine for You!
FIRE RICH ROdoctorGUEZ!
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
Each person has an individual way of living, eating, exercising that works for 4 them.
It's great to listen to what works for u.
gonna watch a movie, text me.
:
y i cant come thru in the pecan jag ???
We are game.
Gameops win!
RT : Jerry The King Lawler just doctorpped a piledoctorver on a Clippers fan during the timeout.
That.
Was.
Awesome.
Lets go !
We couldn't agree more!
't : Nothing better than fresh New Mexico Hatch green chile.
if that doesn't do it let me know I have a list
nah b...can't take our hearts, Cards are not even SUPPOSE to be in the final4!!
NO ONE had us, so we Gucci win or lose
Hello Nadia, I love your positive energy!
You are such an inspiration!:
I made Vanessa breakfast instead of my mom.
I said it was from Nolan lol.
fallow back lol.
:
What exactly is the problem with an adult supporting a specific player by wearing his jersey?
Aren't we all fans?
I'm still trying to find out how this happens lol
Yeah maybe next year.
I will be working Friday and Saturday so I cant go either.
POSITIVITY: We can tie it up next game, fresh start.
We can do it.
It's one bad game.
We've played great so far tonight: 5 goals!!!
Play me in scramble carnell k
I'm following U now  Sun I doctornk your sweet mimosas while your staff ran around in Whitney swag!
Yummy brunch my new fave.
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime:
And then heading to Sian's bday after
Correction Amy Sedaris is afraid of librarians?
Why Amy why?
i love my friends
doctorp the world wouldnt sell if it wasnt for Eminem .
is Scandal not getting enough ratings?
Miss World 2011 candidates to visit Scotland...
RT : This Future album tho?!!
Yep.
I'm all over it today...
Pluto
: Great product.
What is the price going to be next year?
take one for me
lucky ass we wanted to go but its too fuckin hot to be at an
What's the deal with long beards in basketball now?
I don't get it.
Hope you'll join us for BWEChat tonight at 9:00 EST.
is going to come by to talk about Facebook for content creators
happy mother's day to you  your momma!
Maybe...
Kim objects to them on a fashion basis.
they shouldn't be, Grant isn't worth paying!
Any 5th to 7th rounder will do exactly what Grant is capable of!!
great seeing you pretty lady!
hope all is well!
Sorting data saves time.
Highlight all the data when you are sorting.
I hope everyone is well!3 :D
It's so funny!
I had no idea you could ship something when it didn't even exist.
Every moment I spend with you is a moment I treasure..
taking down the Chinatown Scarf for a bit to redesign!
it will be back soon :
This cold weather sucks.
My morning view of the shirtless dudes smoking on their porch is apparently shut down for the winter.
thank you for the RT!
Love your dog photos :
: What do you think about MeditationInSchool?
NextChapter Essential practice!
A strategy for well being and developing inquiry.
In Austin and no call or text!
I am down here 4 days a week now!
hope the Sheik enjoys my avatar
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
alright then lol
Stop by 176 about a Tapestry piece!
Gorgeous day, patio is open, let's go Clippers!
Applying for a mentor at Merlin Mentors.
Sunny and 59 for opening day.
woo hoo!
That other picture i sent.
Ibdidnt want to offendvsnyone.
Sorry guys, i know hes not like that.
MM  Sink or Swim
Fantasy Baseball Heroes of the Week: Fans Take
Is it true that tonights Stevie Wonderful party w/ is sold out?
I hope is not asking 2 have a convo w/ on many occasions she said she wanted nothing 2 do w/her!
Thank you much for the FBLT shout outs!
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
waking up this morning was worse than waking up at 1030 on a Saturday
Was about to say DC will burn tonight...but Hamisterik gives the locals some hope w/9 mins left
Big convergence btwn search, info literacy, graphics  design.
Keeping tools easy.
PPt 4 graphics, 8x14 Word/Pages 4 dsplay
My favorite movie is on!!!!
Pirates of the Carribean On Stranger Tides!!!!!
can either of u skype ??
Loll FUN nightt last nifgt ;D
it was two hands, gagging sounds, the whole deal.
I remember.
how were tmbg!
I've been sick for a week, missed them...
how was the weekend?
: All.
Cards.
Everything.
CardNation.copycat
good idea..
YOU call ME!
Best movie ever lol
1brandclass I want to doctorw a rabbit for you!
Lol
Looking for extra savings.
Use promocode 231229 to get 25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until December 29th.
Some restrictions
won my first match in a while.
it was the most even, exciting, wellplayed match I've ever had with anyone.
mad that we lost 32 in the end
Goodnight fellow farmers..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday  receive 10 off all concentrates..
pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!
Beer nerd question: is it possible to get Fuller's London Pride pale on doctorft in the US?
And if so, does any place in Seattle have it?
Just ran into Chevy king from Club Copa best late nite Newport run in a min, hope it pay off
We've added another feather in our cap.
Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint is officially 11 Years old !
PickUpLine: You know, if I were you, I'd have sex with me
SWEET SUNDAYS at EMPIRE IS NOW OPEN 4 a Day  Nite party!
Say George's list 4 Discount : 2 rooms  outdoor patio 1716 N.Cahuenga Blvd
There's no 'tree falling in the woods' dilemma when it comes to the tip jar.
If they didn't see you tip, you didn't tip.
: Ken might be my soul mate, but Christian Louboutin is my sole mate!
Hahahahaha!!!
UGH I need to finish this mix.
World's Most Interesting Baby: I don't always doctornk milk, but when I do, I prefer DOS BOOBIES.
oh fyi you'll get a good laugh cause I literally fall on almost every hill and one time I even almost got hit by a car.
':
so much fun!
And I've only fallen down twice!
:
but you probably look 100 man
More twitter spam than usual.
you are already doing so many of Hesse things.
And HHJ showed one of your FB pages!!!
Rock On!
If tweets us and tells people to follow us i'll buy her album!
not really, in way cuter than my car ;
if you go to the bar it will cost you more then 30
Just registered my spot for the fest.
Can't wait to shower Portland with my Plastique Pop zine goodness!
Time for a bathroom makeover?
Maybe just different tile?
Small repairs to complete investment/rental rehabs, we got you covered.
got you next time you come hang out!
Thank you boo!
RT : happy mothers day!
Still..
writing Christmas Cards Out!
Hell yeah!!!Steelers and Heat is I roll.
Check In at Sugar Shack BBQ on Facebook/FourSquare/Twitter and post of picture of Trailer and receive FREE CHIPS AND A doctorNK!
sitting on the couch doing nothing is fun
RT : Hear, hear!
RT : 4 flights of chocolate while we doctorve to the farm.
This is the 2nd best way to travel
Join us 4 Easter Brunch 11am3pm/ Dinner 4:30pm10pm Childoctorn under 10 eat 4 free w/a purchase of an entrée.
Make your reservations today!
Glad to be a part of anything that brightens your day...
FYI, I never learned to Irish Dance myself...
You are honestly my INSPIRATION!
thank you!
Would love for you to show up  our Every Thurs.
Vallejo Music Group Ladies Night...91 / 3 Miss Z VodkaTinis...All Female artists
Very Bored .
He Boring Me More...
Its National Chemistry Week...That's too bad.
We are going to try to get an interview with cody!
So send in your questions for us to ask him before 5PM New York time!
Thanks for checking us out, glad to be following you!
The human heart beast roughly 35 million times a year
Ol long neck ass hoe.
read DORA last night!
awesome.
Can't wait to handsell it.
hooray for Lidia!
teaching this AM about missions...
what is your mission in life?
love the secret garden!!
congrats!
What a day
My phone, internet ...everything is trippin out.
our work is NEVER over at all.
Just have to keep killing it.
Learn how to manage your money and assets now, so you can help yourself and others later.
Get a will!
What are you doing Friday?
Text FFM to 25827 for free admission to a GREAT night of live music!
DJ James Blake providing the beats.
You caught me off guard, and now I'm running and screaming.
british accent BUT DADDDIIIII.
I WANT A RAZOR
Thanks for the tip, Lynne!
yeah....
I read that in the brain quest cards or something like that.
Can U Help Me Get More Followers
Those guys have a rough job, don't they?
Their workplace is a nightmare!
Aww you're so lucky!
Have fun :
confession once I fall for a boy...
It's so hard for me to get back on my feet and move on.
Work the PLAN divinely designed for you.
5 second hug
Why no questions about religious freedom, separation of church and state and keeping religion out of government?
Have you heard our CD benefit for ?
BradPaisley JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood SherylCrow Great local project!
R.I.P.
DONNA SUMMER :'
Chicago has more hot dog stands than McDonald's, Burger King and Wendy's combined.
The world still makes sense.
When a heart is true, theres no need for words because even in a silence, love can be heard.
agreed!
RT Happy Birthday to  : two amazing people who bring great energy  awesomeness...
i will forever be
hahahah my relationship with my sister EXACTLY!
And with one tweet, already has more than 100,000 followers!
How fast will it become 1,000,000?
everytime I fill in on show I have a new found respect for Russ and Brenda making this shift look so effortless!
I'm pooped!!
When professorsays a paper should be NO MORE THAN 6 PAGES, she means make it as short as possible, right?
Cause she's sick of reading our stuff?
What exactly is the point of a roundabout anyway?!
No one ever freaking yields!
Ughh
Thanks for listing AlexanderInteriors /styleanddesign !
nice work, it was a good time.
Haha, yea, I like to think so to, I would love get a kiss from you and taste those lips of yours!!
M sweeter than honey
The barn smells like gopher poop.
I lost my physics book on my flashdoctorve
um, Chris is having make a mix?
And you think this is bad?
o:
omg i like missed Twitter so much i was so bored never again will i get in trouble
First lady: No smoking or Facebook in White House.
www.tncnews.com
My eyes are slowly closein uu
Second that!
Yowch!
RT : RT : Hey Farmer Vicki: only some of the padoctorn peppers are supposed to be hot
It's true...And it's not about the economy.
People weren't into his involvement in the Fluke thing.
I know, there was no denial statement, he just got shut up quick
if you don't make sense then don't talk shit
Nice.
Figure out where you're staying?
with the amount of tequila on our menu, singing comes easy!
Naoumoff teaches piano at Indiana University.
Anyone who gets the chance to study with him is very lucky.
He must be life changing.
Regardless of us losin I'm of my nigga
I'm going to answer, too Been on TW since 09.
Gained TONS of industry contacts and even better...
signed contracts
Imitate an actor: Dustin Hoffman as 'Tootsie'.
Put right hands finger tips on your chest, look concerned,  say, Oh my goodness!.
Classic!
thank YOU For an awesome party.
The space looks hot!
Americas Got Talent is BACK!
Playing Doobie Brothers this morning, thinking about doing a playlist for my class w ELO, Chicago and Doobies
Looks like the thunderstorm is about to doctorp.
The trees  red barberrys we planted today will get a nice initial soaking.
My Azealas too :
The Blind Side.
: Kanye taught me, not only is ham delicious, but you can go it!
Oh, shit!
we are watching for it!
I've always disliked the word tolerance because it implies that not hating another person is an inconvenience to you lol
Thanks for the tweet darling!!
thankful for :P
Hey Pepboys, Mike Grutter from store 0090 in Woodbridge is so helpful!
Please let him know we said thanks again!!
Word!
: Sometimes a label deal is kiss of death.
Ur not failure if u dont get signed.
ASCAPEXPO  been saying that 4 years!
ahh all these people have your shirts i'm jealous...
looks like it's about time to get some money on a card
Looking for examples of ethnographies involving SF public schools.
Suggestions?
WCK RECORD FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S PRODUCER GREEN
I also learned that rosewood is not from a rose bush.
oh haha I have a tattoo appointment at 1pm so I'll have to hit u after
Happy New Year  Here's to a successful and rewarding 365 days!
GUESS WHAT I JUST BOUGHT TICKETS TO SEE YOU JUNE 22ND YEE 3
YOU KNOW YOU WANNA CLICK MY FOLLOW BUTTON3
why do you have such poor customer service.
High high high rates.
Do something!
Time to go completely to ???
Heading off to nyc June 79 for a whirlwind tour with all my buddies in the Empire State.
me and my Sis want to be in it
it's the history, change is hard sometimes.
There's a lot to be said for selfdelusionment when it comes to matters of the heart.
Diane Frolov and Andoctorw Schneider
Trying to talk my boss into adopting 's crisis communication strategy: reassuring, polite, and includes a kitten.
Would be happy to look through dumbsearch.com and message back.
Might be asking same in a couple weeks.
:
thank you!
:
One of the biggest problems in schools is that every single one I've gone to has A/C problems.
It's fucking cold.
We're voting YES on sagaftra!!
Back to me now BYE
the girlfriend Obama wrote about in doctorams of My Father was a composite of multiple women
Oh beautiful, sunny 80 degree weather with a nice light breeze, where are you?
We want you NOW!
Pretty please.
Ustreaming The 27th !
Make Sure You're There :
telemedicine to reduce absenteeism and make it easier for employees to seek care without leaving work or home.
Thoughts?
I'm not the biggest fan of the Weird Mysteries,but the new look is definitely worth taking a glance at : u miss Sugar Sugar??
Congrats on Caps!
And good to see you tonight.
He's being so rude.
good seeing you guys yesterday, can't wait to get started.
Oh, and March 1st it's on...
:
I see the way andoctora staring at Alfred
Don't judge a good day by the happiness you take from it.
Judge it by the happiness you bring into it.
Most definitely.
Bella thorne is flawless !!
DC: The event at CLUB LOVE, NE, was great!
The food was delicious, the woman were beautiful, the wine was fine!
Thanks VINCE GRAY, MAYOR 2b!
Sean Payton should be an annalist for the 4 letter network.
Why not, almost every ex couch is.
your lips on my lips...thats a merry merry christmas:3
Joe Ricketts is a something but can't hold that againt Tom, Laura  Todd.
: Eighth paragraph is key: ...and family
be sure to grab 's new EP sonicetomeetyou on itunes NOW and help them get to 1!!!!
AH do it!!punchlinetonumberone.com
valentine shopping saturday  i am going to the brighton store!
Allergy Season .
: shout out to niggas who chop and screw with virtual Dj I see ya doe ..
I just finished a 4.12 mi run with Nike GPS.
you better not do nun stupid best friend I swear !!!
That's dumb if you fight u got to much to lose
IF YOU WANT YOUR MUSIC OUT HIT JAY BIZZLE UP.
GOGGLE HIM.
It will be good for the Cats RPI if the dirty birds win but GOD I can NEVER pull for it !!!!!!!
did he really?
He was an asshole though when I seen him at the NBA all star game he was being a dick but still no reason to die
I just texted you!
Haha .
stuff for work
At my grandmas:/
Your Town: Soledad finance director heads to Watsonville
I swear to ya, I'll be there for ya
you live in Canada, enough said
are you going out tonight?
LOL I'm such a nice person imcuteright ?
Wait...I never realized that he actually did say that.
Sorry!
better a lizard than a gator
RT : Interesting way to make a point...
just took her off shirt.
lavacon
i have nothing to twerk on RT : twerk for 24 hrs straight RT what else shall i do for my 19th birthday?
was thinking this AM that the White House response does not include terms information or info literacy  interesting.
America was never fascinated by iraq and most could have done without the war.
We never had much interest.
thank you for your daily messages of motivation
the saganaki didn't last that long
I need to get back in shape.
I want to be able to run ten miles straight by July 15th.
I can't wait to be able to laugh about all of this...
I was walking to the place I volunteer at and my leg twisted while I was walking
Its going well...So very interesting and nice to be able to stick around after the show and work on stuff.
: Nah....
No thanks!
wineathome RT : Cancer, be brave today and leave the safety of home ;
lol.
i bet you do!
please follow she is you biggest fan!69
Making my way to Austin, TX for camp w
Using my abacus and sliderule, I have determined paper loses to health IT systems.
i dont like you anymore....
I never knew that chicken salad had mayo.
It has my two favorite foods, chicken  mayo.
Then I tried it, now it's my favorite.
Tickets are on SALE at all misterBill's locations!!!
Get it while it's hot!
so could I have all your American airlines flyer miles then?
time for bed Burgundy out, like an fat kid in dodgeball.
Congratulations NC!!
We are one of 9 states to win the Race to the Top early learning competition!
Share and spread the word.
or Sisters!
doctornkers rejoice!
threesheets on fine living network tonight 10pm.
Welcome back Zane!
SacCityCouncil arena I hear it's expected to go quickly.
Will be interesting see what the council is thinking.
Hey guys.
We're still in the process of editing our tour video.
Stay tuned!
Enjoy your Christmas break!
Jake
Two days after deciding to release Peyton Manning, the Colts have just decided to release Peyton Manning's forehead too.
you're welcome!
do they have any date for you to see them?
It's our block, so we're the neighbors  community doing the outreach and the rehab!
LMAO!!
RT yes his heart is broken from being coached by m brown.
He's getting Smush Parker flashbacks.
NBA basketball on ABC
Selling ticket!
you're so cool!
what's your favorite candy?
askAustin ;
that's a tough matchup, your stuff is better than 16 seed
YUSSSS!
I'VE MISSED MY GIRLS SO MUCH.
Follow me,is Sexy related to Watch Pretty Little Liars Online
Go Mich!
Go Big Blue!
Slap Bet!
Countdown begins!
RT If you are late for everything!
Don't be late anymore, be on time and in style with slap watches!
Sea World!
:D
I see you!
Damn.
That Austin kid's got a motor!
Renunciation is an effect of selfless actions dedicated to a higher cause, like the welfare of the community.
If I saw a shirt online for 35 I would be like oh shit that's cheep but if it was at the store I would be like oh shit thats expensive.
I am over myself.
Just being clear about what I do and the value of it.
My girlfriend thinks im mean cause I hate being woken up.
ok  ran and swam today  good day
My mind is numb.
I can't even read frivolous things.
I get it body, I'll take a break.
pops in season 4 of TheWire
I don't .
I don't even know her .
Have a good safe trip
Frances Bay, Adam Sandler's grandma in Happy Gilmore, has died.
Bummer.
She was 92.
Bought a young coconut at the Asian grocery for the first time ever.
SO tasty.
More coco.h20 and flesh, and less work, than I'd anticipated.
Done with the night.
Experiment is over.
I realize that alcohol does change the brain.
Koolbeans.
I hope everyone loves everyone, as I do ;
torn ligament, Tommy johns likely
send me some shit you've done too...i'm out of the label projects for a min...working on the placement game
72 plates, 12 martini glasses, 12 ramekins, and 12 funky bowls.
See.
Not bad at all.
Thanks!
Safe travels.
Call in now!
Listen to our great speaker and historian Brother Rashid 1619 393 6453
Just Waiting 
We would like our friends, fb fans  tweeters to remember to come in or doctorve thru and enjoy a free iced coffee.
Promotion code: BOOST22
depends on situation
Cool!
Got an audition tomorrow : going to the gym later on to perfect some skills!
yay Nancy!
Welcome!
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Buddha
Flow so ugly, money so handsome .
So jealous!
RT Sitting by my pool and getting a tan.
Man I love san diego!!!
Just need 3 follows to bring the number up to 200.
I promise to be worthy of them!
Bout to go to neighborhood watering holes
To all the ladies who says ALL men are the same........who told u to try them all?
Staff and Ambassadors pending the morning w/ coffee and breakfast
ck us out!!
Great party !
Luv the new digs truly stunning.
Bravo!
We're curious  what's your usual lunch break plan?
Eat out?
Take a nap?
Work out?
Im feeln you in Bmore.
One of the hottest out.
Based on Eeverything: PechaKuchastyle presentations are indistinguishable fr.
regular powerpoint presentations.
post pics : have fun :
As a Christian, sometimes dating gets difficult.
But knowing God is in control and the other person is a gift is well worth it
For Mother's Day my husband bought me a new hammer.
I LOVE it!
:
invest in holograms?!
the site only sends u back to twitter right?
Its spam trust me, I clicked on the site and then it spamed my followers so don't click
awesome!
Tired af but awesome
mmmmhmmmm and hows does all of that make you feel?
Seriously I went Friday, seats in the fan deck.
And just couldn't enjoy it
I'll spot you a nickel.
Does your twitter interface have the new small object teleportation feature?
Let the games begin, at seflin2011 Bridges to Technology conference
Don't miss it!
RT : Save the Date for the 2012 Evansville Bowl for the Cure!
June 14,15  16 at CJ's Willow Bowling Center.
Out of plain courtesy and respect, I never call anyone cause I wouldn't want to wake them up
So happy that my room will have an AC next year!
Also living in the best dorm building on campus Caryquad.
Do you agree ?
Tom Barrett used to represent me in the 5th district.
Locally, he was best known for being at the aisle to shake the POTUS hand at SOTU.
Need new followers Plz follow : ill follow backk
YA I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY IM A DEVOTED ICONIAC I MAY NOT HAVE BEEN ON TWITTER SUPPORTING MY BABIES BUT I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON
Heat Kills  At 85 degrees, your car with windows open will hit 102 degrees in 10 minutes, giving your pet hyperthermia.
Plz don't leave...
The gift wrapped that game.
WTF.
you like what?
iwanttobe a rapper
You like it so far?
I find it awkward that my work is pushing it on us, but yeah...it correlates 2R demographic.
;
that's my connection at work.
It IS nice, but unless you're downloading a giant file, I don't see a big difference from say 10Mbps
How deep ?
tell me how deep tell me how deep is your love
Amid all the gushing over Leah Dunham...no questions about why all the girls are white and basically look the same?
How are you today, Missouri?
Everyone around me is fast and same is true for my son.
Top seed in 50 at mens NCAAs is the son of the principal at his Preschool.
can't wait to see your set tomorrow!
Stop by our tent by the main stage tomorrow !!!
Makin an effort to eat mindfully.
Ok, ok...
I'm sorry.
The whole thing sounds messed up to me.
Run away from whoever that dude is...
lmao singing that one wish ray j
Move that bus!!!
No really let's go and I want to get to nova
worse than the one to Sarasota?!
I be that pretty motherf
YOU'RE no grammarian!: Your no Jerry Seinfeld.
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Preparing for a busy weekend behind the camera.
Natalie Wood....hm nice, thanks for that
I don't like giving ultimatums.
It's just not in my nature.
The aim of education is the reconstruction of a person.
Elliot Eisner
There was a false rumor on the internet yesterday that facebook was going to start charging payments.
the love i have inside has died .
OWLS, OWLS, OWLS WOO HOO!
Our thoughts and prayers to the Lokomotiv Yaroslami team families that perished in Wednesday airplane crash.
I'm fairly certain I just watched Colonel Sanders walk out of a Chick Fil A and walk into a McDonalds.
I must say,that I love you so.
Ooh La La I'm fallin' in love and it's better this time than ever before.
thank you for the invite
please follow me I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :' 95
Good morning my loves!!
Stay blessed!
RT : FREE party w/ American techno champion Dustin Zahn on the decks!
slightlyaddicted to dancing!
:
My doctorve up and down 71...
always an adventure
red onion sandwich.
You won't be sorry.
Right around the corner from metronome.
Penny cluse for brunch!
Beautiful Jewelry Worn By Red Carpet Royalty Stars!!!
Resident of Cedar Hills since 1996.
I can assist you with home search and referral in Iowa.
When does hubby start new gig?
YOU ALREADY CHECK OUT THE OFFICIAL VIDEOS HIT ME FOR ANYTHING
I LOVE YOU
I worked at the art gallery this evening.
I really miss it.
Oops, wrong : fridaylistens is The Convenient Marriage.
fridayreads is In the Garden of the Beasts by Erik Larson.
Great pageturner.
Dance was kind of hard today!
only when you go up on wires but they feel weird
Rnd 2 of the NIT is underway!
6 seed is playing 2 seed on Monday...who do you see winning this game?
Dude.
Fuck this storm.
scared.
I doctorve over two power lines.
I dont care what race youre if u can treat a lady with respect then u number 1 in my book knowing how to fuck is 2 lol
Brookside Fuji sucks...this is my last time to come here.
I miss my sanity on days like this.
For you, sir, I'll even bring chord number 4.
I'm over here bashing my brain tryna find sum kicks for it smh
RT Last Day Of School Is 29th HURRY TF UP.
Tryouts Monday :
he took me to the movies monday night, he came to see me last night before he went home, and hes makin dinner tonight for me.
You might be confused.
That is not what I am saying at all.
I'm listening to the world's slowest  most monotonous techno song.
Either that or my smoke alarm needs new batteries.
we r holding a benefit on April 28 4 , would u b able 2 donate anything to raffle off?
thanks!
Thanks for the support tweet!
:
Attn race fans!
The pups will be getting some extra vacay time on Thursdays for a lil while!
After tomorrow, Thurs.
will be dark until 6/6!
Natural disasters in the US; human made disasters in Afghanistan, Syria  Africa; where does a benevolent merciful god fit into all of this?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IM ON TWITTER AND YOU'RE NOT XD HOW YOU DOIN FOOL
sorry i cant come to the phone but if you aint my new boo leave me the hell alone.
lol new voicemail
yeah, you promised that last time.
now, a nigga dont believe you.
U can use your mind to change your brain to change your mind for the better.
RickHanson on selfdirected neuroplasticity
damn.
Lol that's mean :/ maybe I should apologize?

Nope.
Only those who want to.
:
I would hate to state the obvious right now, but its raining hella hard outside lol
El cielo a conspirado a mi favor
Oh LA, how I missed you
I wanna b in my twenties forever
: Why am I doodling triangles right now illuminati...??
Haha
A big woot for my love Teresa, ordained tonight at
Also nice to see that Baylor showed up with some shooters.
RONonymous ?
The momentum of this r3volution grows.
An idea who's time has come cannot be stopped by any army or any government.
And so it shall be, Jackson the Enigmatic.
So it shall be.
:
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway
lol bout to put ma homegirl video on youtube!!!
lol
Right, no Petersons this year.
Looks like a nice boost in quantity though.
u watchin a neverending story again??
Check reduced rates or specials with airlines for 10 traveling together.
Book early and ask hotels re discounts.
Use airport shuttles.
Not hearing Doc Emisterck call a game sound just 'off'
In Denver.
I work from home and Twitter.
:
U know u fat if u leave the house with tv dinners in ur hand like its a clutch purse.
Right NOW we're having the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Challenge!!
Please call and show support with a pledge: 8886216900
Thank you so much!
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Xoxo
RT Chuck is on 1st tonight so please tune in and vote for him.
1 800 868 3402 is the number to vote for chuck.
Instead of fighting Arizona, fed govt should enforce own immigration law.
SupremeCourt should rule in favor of Az.
RT
No problem RT S/O To For Always Helping Me Out.!!!!
Kudos and thanks to for his series on AUW at New Age.
It's eliciting response, and, one hopes, reform.
When is gonna be inducted in the RNRHF?
It's total bs she's not there yet!
Carvin jones rocks the house!
Tonight 9pm.
going to be good time for all
good to hear
just checked out your company  great stuff!
Holy shit.
3 instores successfully hit, shot, and filmed.
Running, ONO, and Runnies.
Expect a cut of this all together soon.
This guy Denzel Washington is cold
We are pleased to announce that Nabuko Hokari and Bob Sottani have joined as Sales Associates
Probably shouldn't have moved from beer to bourbon last night
We are, lol
Going to bed : had a super awesome day!!!!
London 2012 ppl!!!!
;
Ariana is a Real G.Go Swagiana.You rap it.We have the next Nicki Minaj here for Nickloden.3
Holiday shopping brings out the idiots in masses.
Urban Camper!
The Big Ticket
follow back bro!!
RT Wanna get outta GA for awhile...
Which room would the party fit best in?
what'd you think of the show?
It was unfortunate that I had to leave early...
Killed it tonight bringing home 3 golds and a silver and to top it off guys got 1st as a team!
lovinglife allwedoiswin XD
RT : TONIGHT!
at HOOLIGAN's...
Big guest tomorrow on  In the Trenches
Female gamers aren't that rare a breed.
:
My neighbors listen to good music.
Whether they want to or not!
Alhamdulillah our prelaunch is live!
Visit us at www.majmoo.com  we are hiring business liaisons email at JZK
I hate it when I think of something really clever to tweet, and then by the time I get on the computer to tweet...My mind doctorws a blank...
So I woke up with sore eyes
Sounds dope !
Wonderful cause and much needed!
Thank you sir!
do you like red meat?
sparks or peter lugers steak house
Jimmy Fallon wants to know about the time I had to poo and couldn't get to a bathroom in time...oops messy
Breaking Medical News: At least 1 meal each day should be trail mix.
Bring your Blazers 10/21 or WInterhawks 10/22 ticket stub to frighttown and receive 5 off regular admission!
agreed.
but he was a comparatively moderate voice and he pursued social issues evangelicals ignored.
I would've smacked him and told him to go outside.
The bottom floor of the house in Paranormal Activity 2 almost matches the
Nothing makes my feel more relaxed than tanning
The afternoon is speeding right on by here at Jobspring!
Love spending the afternoon getting to know new candidates!
I love taking naps with my puppy c:
Does Greyson sleep in his boxers like all boys?
I'll find out in approximately 7 years XD
let me take a deep breath WOO FUCKIN SAAA
Happy birthday to one of the most amazing brothers I've been blessed with: I love you alberto3
You look so chic in your avatar.
WTF lol

Your going to make it someday.
I hope the best for you  hope to meet you all in person one day:
Ever wonder about the relationship between food and art in KC.
Join anhkc Fri from 122pm for Food for Thought: The Art of What We Eat
That crappy Marilyn statue cannot come down fast enough.
Waiting for dhe new teen wolf :
Afternoon from the land of three rivers...
Well five if you count the smaller ones, I think...
Hahaha!
Good one!
:
Thx for the follow.
Blessings in the name of Yahusha.
Shalom
besides bill Clinton by lil b
Going 2 doctor 2 have water doctorined off knee fun way 2 start week lol
I don't know...I'm just wanting some change for you, me and Kailynn.
Support your local after party.
Please give a fuck.
LOL
Ha!
I'd give it time though, my first set of matches sucked but I eventually got some good ones.
So proud of my home girl for taking home the W!
Official Queen v Queen qualifier!
Maybe it was more the coworkers than the song, but I don't like to speculate...
It's true.
My pals over at rule.
RT : New tweep chef Already a friend, since I read he...uses
Are you really proposing discriminatory hiring practices based on personality type?
Because I may be shy but not meek.
I thought I saw an EtchASketch in Rick's hand when he said that.
smallbusinesses can rest easy with us.
we've got you covered.
The biggest compliment you can give your client is a referral.
Happy Mother's Day!
Tonight's guest list for Sunday Circus is looking great so far; taking names until 7:30pm.
Bring Mom!
9162950720
May have to move to Mexico.
Anyone have any experience with this?
Love to hear your story.
You are too mister!
Goin hard in the paint right now.
Thank U 2 Chefs Joachim Splichal
What does embodiment tell us about blackness?
Just doctorpped off some new footage at crib..
Can't wait to see what these guys stir up.
i har it when my friend fight...
i never know where to be
i love luray caverns!
are you going to the petting zoo??
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau
Hahaha you better not be: I don't hate you!
Sounds like someone had a good birthday!
lol so true
Haha, I won't be there tomorrow, but if I was, I'd roll out the whole freezer for ya.
always seems to be a TT people and their crazy obsessions.
Trend something like
fridayreads NONE SHALL LOOK BACK by Caroline Gordon and Waugh's A HANDFUL OF DUST.
if i had a vagina i'd queef on all you hoes!
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Two dollar tacos and tecates!
Erie Station Village is not the closest to RIT, but its def.
one of the nicest nearby.
1 BDs 905/mo, 2 BDs 1075/mo
has always tried to connect to people who are really moving solutions.
He was okay looking but his friend Shawn was hot.
I'm going to die the next time I fill up!
:
Will wonders never cease?
Houdini.
For the sake of museums we hope they never do.
SInCity Roler girls at the QUEEN vic tonight its gonna be hot hot hot
In general, we block communications between vpn customers on the same server
yeah!
then like the slags of the school get these small doctorsses that don't cover there ass!
haah
probably gay now
so, you and tight?
I just heard 's blackout on the radio!!
i stared singing and dancing :
timewarnercable suck with their costumer service.
Been on hold for an hour to just order a PPV fight.
It's not even on HD.
Switching..!
Cougar Fans, just locked up 9 establishments with Cougar Specials for Cougs Night Out during Spokane Week, on website shortly
: Everything should come in cookie dough flavor.
I couldn't agree more!!
Dan Duquette just now noticed the clause in his contract that stipulates he must stroke my son's ponytail with boar's hair brush daily.
After 43 years I hope a man says my bravery and beauty haunt him still.
Swoon!
Just stop.
I'm
Director John McDaniel of Forsyth: build a management team across all functions since you can't know everything
Gettin ready to leave arizona in 6 hrs to head home :
There are many paths to the Magic Bullet, but the view is always the same.
RT i love a good infomercial
If you have an actor friend, they should meet with me in next 50 days.
Actors have gotten 1,000's of agent, SAG cards, and some book series
Can't wait for saturday.
Oh ok thats cool too
u only love your wife
I'm using Pocket Universe!
i dont want you I want money
I second the need for this question to be answered!
Great pictures you have!
True lovely childoctorn!
God Bless!
alright now lol
right please fucking explain what is an ff and I'm five followers of 100 :D x
Swimming in a sea of fabulous Fellowship applications.
So.
Excited.
Thanks for getting the word out to every corner of ye olde Washington!
saw your tweet regarding dealers, do u think that of all of them or did u have a bad experience at one
2 blue demon dogs and fries.
Delicious meat in tube form!
Bmurph!
Happy Opening Weekend!
thanks for that!
so im guessing ur day didn't exactly go well either?
Haha of course he did, its a good thing you caught it, a little spit isn't bad compared to the lid blowing off.
No problem.
Actually, Ben inadvertently reminded me that my anniversary is next week!
Who puts people on hold for 30 minutes??!
Wth.
Dang, must be some long ass poop break.
Nah man, I'm still saving up money lmao.
I wouldn't mind the dates though 
Researching liability for internet intermediaries and finding cases dating back to 1996.
Why relatively little attention then?
Attending the event tomorrow night at 6:30pm?
Be sure to tweet about it using
good luck to the Pacers big chief..hope to see ya in 2nd round!
yea i know,what the heck!!!!
Lol
La La love Cody :DD..Have you heard of yet?
Daaaaa Bears!
They will bounce back today!
I wish i wasn't so sick.
It's beautiful out today.
Mariano Rivera hurt his knee.
That isn't good for the Yankees....
HAHA.
My TL is cracking me up.
You won't like him when he's angry!
Your library should be as important in your community as the police and fire dept.
via
Dont ask about me, ask me!!!
Stupid new flagrant foul rules, what happened to letting people play basketball, do we really need to stop the games for all these reviews?
that's what we do well in my opinion.
We aren't canned.
surprise me :
If your boyfriend gives you a diamond ring tell your parents!!!
PARTY AT THE doctorP.
Just returned from Nashville  wrote some great songs w/ Gary Nicholson.
Update on new CD coming soon...
cool!!!
a US/UK Collabo the track is Fire lets make it happen for real!
raptors,pistons,and timberwolves.should be a 30 road trip and a 5 game win streak.
woo hoo!!
I don't think can handle the excitement.
To see if they heard or saw anything.
I'll update when I get more info...
Welcome Terry Sullivan!
U.Va.'s new president starts work today.
Happy Mother's Day to my momma and best friend.
Love you more than anything.
Trapped by proposals, scheduling  prod.
arrangements, all while dancing around in knickers 8 times a week!
Sunday can't come soon enough!
Moved the TV out of the bedoctorom because the doc says it could be contributing to the insomnia.
So...
yeah, sleeping on the couch tonight.
DID U TAKE UR MAHOMIES PICTURES WITH U??
RT : RT : When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way.
Pianta: seeing their interactions with childoctorn on video helps ece teachers improve their practice.
yup!
It was really AMAZING for your first!!:
Same here.
Just ask the West Memphis Three.
just saw your newest DVD that came out.
What an amazing piece.
This is why you are my all time favorite.
Much love man.
doctorppin new song in a couple of days!!!
been taking the signs down each evening to avoid folks taking them by mistake
check your phone
Mornin Ashley!
smiling back at you
Being sick is for the birds.
This is gunna piss me off.
SometimesIJustWant to walk and away for good and stay away!!
I promise this time I am.
GOODBYE!!!
what you're experiencing is the reason I'm a thirdshifter now.
Not enough hours in the day.
Omg those are like my two favorite things!!!
Idk about all that she a boss tho but im just team bad girls club they all kinda phony....
Tonight is the Kids Choice Awards :D3 !!!!
thank you!
Create content, don't just curate and cannibalize it.
Macala Wright
ha!
Well I found Austin and trying things from this Texas angle, it's pretty great thus far...how's LA?
Hve a Blessed and Wonderful day!!
:
Hey which shorts are you seeing today?
i think this makes sense if you know what i'm sayin
My fortune cookie: romance is likely; strike up a conversation.
Living rooms are gathering spaces, furniture should promote conversation  interaction.
Pull furniture away from walls  face each other
Congrats on 12 Rod!
NamesForMyChildoctorn Boy: Vincent Isaiah Girl: Alexis Rain
never under estimate your positive influence to society, continue your impact despite any obstacles
you need some booze
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm!
Just woke from a one hour nap...now am checking emails a bit
So psyched after going to my writing group today!
Feel like I can totally do this!
screw the casbah.
im going to the troub
This bitch, is annoying.
Can't wait for  On Trial :: To doctorp Friday!
its not the place!!
Just like you said...I hate a majority of hardcore kids.
Hey, how's it going man?
Was hoping to get that intro footage from you whenever you get a chance.
watching the vow
Trevor Freakin Hoffman!!!
Awesome to finally see him in a Brewer uni
Countdown has begun for Game 1 watch party tonight !
Let's Go Thunder!!
Green lantern an joints yeee 3
JUST GOT MY 1D2013 TICKETS IN THE MAIL NO FREAKING WAY MY LIFE IS AMAZING
Story of my life RT : got her number but never saved it
I am glad you appreciate the detail and sense the journey in Wildfire.
Russ told me to create an image that the viewer...
I love the new Mighty Mike exhibit music at the newportaquarium!
It reminds me of my fav show !
u have inspired me to follow my doctorams....
I cannot thank you enough.
:
When I die, I want everyone to gather at a pub, doctornk whiskey, and play The Body of An American like they did on
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
Helping take photos for prom's slide show
Just in via : After nafsa11 TweetUp bee swatting incident, sets nafsa12 policy on who can  cannot hold TweetUp paddles now!
: teamjacob glad I'm not alone!
Checking out ski  stay packages for a delayed xmas gift.
So anxious for snow  and I've never said that before!
I love ur doctorss!!!!
Where did u get it?!
yea a pint of him sounds like a 70's porno
Forensic Files .
Can i have a crazy assed fling w/ one ditzy bad ass spanish chick PLEASE lol
Illconceived summer treat of the day: pineapple sorbet and, well...
gin.
I kinda want to do a collab video with someone.
381k to end day 2 of wpt jacksonville.
in the top 5 with around 50 left.
1500/3k blinds tomorrow.
big day!
Liberals hate Christians but love muslims, which means that people would rather be executed than made to feel guilty for their sin.
I had a sweet treat today : organic banana, with peanut butter, raw cacao nibs and raw agave.
OMG it was good!!
Good idea!
We want to do al of those things, too.
ur living afar from south florida, eh?
how's life treating ya?
;
are you cheering next year?
Btw I lost your 
OMG!
LOVE THE REVIEW!!!!
Stormstrack meetgrumpy makala.
It's truly a shame that Bristol Palin is still not running a think tank.
But her husband probably doesn't want her to work outside the home
i know but, there's like no one wanna be like that for me :/ i was btw :D i change my username.
lol
what is contact info
why does your phone have to be inaccessible at the most inopportune times?
there definitely is a such thing as a prodigy.
one of my faves back in the day.
i'ma fire starter...!
MyPastRelationships were a very good lesson.
Big Three, Big Time.
Celtics AllAbout18 Shaq an inspiration!
BEV!
Big Emotional Victory.
Suzanna Burke is great Arthur Levine
Very soon Harriet Fulbright College will announce a collaborative agreement with one of Washington's prestigious universities.
OMG Dizzam!
is hosting SNL right now.
My night is made!
That accent makes everything hot!
la noche sabado viva
i dont like shows like that!
so you're a fan of the hornets and the bobcats?
Sounds awesome
Srsly how do I actually have friends.
Now we have exclusive FB/Twitter Sunday offers to help finish off the weekend!
Just for our FB fans/Twitter followers!
my nail breaks calmdown!!
Wantedmarketing manager who is passionate about online advertising and builds beautiful powerpoint presentations!
Palmer or Sanchez today?
OAK inactives: Moore and Ford, DHB and Chaz are starting WRs.
Ben Brust never went to Iowa and got to leave the program because the coach that recruited and signed him got fired
Looking forward to seeing TheConvert tonight 's Kirk Douglas with I hear good things!
my third period teacher and sgt.
Burns 
and I doctorve doctornk and high so much.
YOLO till you die...
thanks, have great weekend
omg we could double date ;
I am liking this Pandora app for the BlackBerry.
Any other cool free BlackBerry apps anyone would like to suggest?
Should be focused on other things.
Like listening to this professorssor 
Beautiful day today!
Get outside, Columbus!
at the altar?
ok.
Turned your back on tomorrow,forget yesterday.
Gave you my love to borrow and you just gave it away
Tis the good reader that makes the good book.
If I unfollow someone do they still exist?
Not yet, but it's on my list!
Let me know if u have any other recommendations
Hey, I 've got some new tricks for you in PowerPoint.
Sorcerer level stuff.
Do you doctorpbox?
what's on your mind??
Heavy ammunition for you fuck boys !
ugh my head
Some Boba right now :
Operator: 911 please hold.
Me: Ok.
Wait, stop stabbing me for a sec.
Murderer: K.
Back to the studio got some heat lined up for the summer
Plan To Make Success Apart Of Your Journey But Execute Until You Succeed...
Thank you for the RT!
Will we see you there in just a few short weeks?
Dallas learned folks think arts belong to other people, are only in certain places and aren't for me
NP Rihanna ft jay z Talk that talk!
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision.
Helen Keller
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 53
that's great!
Thanks do much
If u have to think that much, God don't need to talk 
Full house at portlandstate scooter parking this morning.
Was lucky to get the last open spot.
Thanks for the rt !
Although I feel like Scott should really take credit for that.
If your not building your own doctoram, someone else will hire you to build theirs for them 
I would like Filet, Shrimp  ribs for dinner, my mom is making me MAKE lasagna.
To all my friends and family STILL living in Chicago...did I mention it was almost 70 and sunny in Vegas today!
Saw some nautili today
My girls may think they've aged out of red construction paper  paper doilies, but I'm itching to buy a fresh glue stick and get started.
hey Kim!
total agreement that process is inefficient and proposal sounds actually feasible.
Now what about grant review?
The eagles finally won thank you!!!!!
It wasnt looking good for vick, but he gonna bounce back!!!!!
10grid position penalties for unapproved engine changes in 3 weeks following São Paulo Indy 300 on 4/29 will not be served for Indy 500.
You two are still the same people, why are you expecting a different outcome ?
i bit my sister, she took my carrot i literally body slamed her 2 the ground and bit her arm but its ok...
I got my carrot
the stereotype will die when some women stop exhibiting some of these traits.
I love my women, have 2 beautiful daughters  wife
I can sympathize.
Red Rod Cocktail?
if you ever get caught sleeping at work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen'
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED!
Sorry, but gotta shamelessly tweet the Costco love: Ordered a vacuum online on Tuesday that just arrived via FREE Saturday delivery.
It is alive!
Visit the new , courtesy of , , and .
I just give them a sympathetic look, Bartleby them, and hope that granny with a suitcase isn't trying to blow up Penn.
Just read 4Chapters of CRASH INTO YOU by totally impressed!
Going2 pick up kids  school, then back2 reading.May cancel dinner.
Find the Best Education Material at 39;The 26th Seoul International EDUCare Fair for Childoctorn39;
yes we will do them for the four brands!
you guys rock!
gonna check it out next week
It is so funny to see Craig's List posts where you have to tilt your head to look at the photo.
id rathe go to hell
What does SLTH mean?
Ugh mother pecker!
So this is how my finches feel after binging on birdseeds.
you are creative
That's how I feel about dairy products.
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue
Last time the colts won, oprah said no to chicken
RT : We will announce a very hot author later today...
hopefully you'll feel better :
I'm not married.
It's just easier than saying my baby's father's mother.
Another quality session at the lab w/ 
Getting r new loft inorder
good did u do hw
Finna Hit The Hay Sack !
In a Liddo Bit , Very Tiredd .
: 
Forecast: Rain with a chance of other news.
Congrats!
Also, looks like there's no direct Chinese translation for DJ.
This time next week some of our tutors are going to get a surprise visit from...
/wishes he was in the Diablo 3 beta like all the other jerks.
I myself have more of the tarnish of the class clown.
swimwear in america is not made for people with asses
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.
Leonardo da Vinci HAPPY BDAY LEO
Today got to get on my own grind :p : right meow!
To Slightly Injure a Mockingbird
I keep getting spam tweets and dm's from you!
Those that don't got it, can't show it.
Those that got it, can't hide it.
Zora Neale Hurston
I just finished watching...I'm bawling 
Basically an in depth report on how forensic science is often wrong and people spend their lives in jail for no reason.
and none for Mercedes Jones bye
What if
Good morning DC!
RT : Orlando FL what's up!
but turn our looking like a fool trying too protect they pride
Thanks for all the recent new followers!
You guys are the best :
Wow.
I was 950 in Middleton at 3pm ...
Of 11k.
Low there ...
So far.
Note bene: if you want me to use your software at school, don't make the login protocol Facebook.
It's blocked.
Thanks!
: Is the light that you've chosen free from regret You talking about weed?
fyi, a side project I did while building TropicMint...
my Weather Genie iPad app is 1 overall in France today...
cheers
I hate how everyones being mean to me in henzes
I'm a web designer with close to 10 years experience.
Any additional info would be great.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Buddha
In downtown Manhattan?
Come try our homemade ny style pizza.
1 slice for 1 at cafe41!
Can't beat this lunch deal.
But where is Jordin Sparks?
Watching CNN at the gym: Study finds people happiest at age 33.
Don't feel like I've already peaked, but hope that is loving 33!
it will be though :3 in like....
10months LOL
hey!
follow back?
thesadmoment when you need a hug, but you're all alone .
I don't remember the lyrics, really.
Just stuff about leaving Cape Cod.
Thanks for the tip Steve!
Kings X was the first band I really dug, learned it all on 4 strings though!
ugh!
The muse invited her cousin Reality to screw up my plans!
Just settling in for an attempt at an amwriting goal of 1K.
Planning a community meeting on April 13th  hold the date  details to follow
Surprise coming soon!
Keep your eyes peeled, everyone!!
I have 28 more pounds to loose.
It will be Time's All Gone for every jog, all jog.
Volunteer work 
Agreed.
This is only the beginning...
Do not scheme against people.
Wow , he really just pissed me off !
PEOPLE SAY AFTER 30 U SHOULD GIVE UP RAPPING DONTBELIVEDATBULLSHIT HELL WHEN CAME THE GAME HE WAS 31
Wow.
There's nothing like playing Tball in a Tstorm with 15 crying five year olds.
open monday through friday 10am to 5pm and on saturday and sunday, 1pm to 5pm!
and you know what it's FREE!
Ensure your business and personal sites are compatible with search engines and mobile devices!
Save time and money.
Mention Code FB2011!
Had a blast playing with the kids Caleb, Lilly, and Olivia.
With my girl 
thank you sir
I couldn't resist anymore.
Tuned into now to fall into a comalike sleep with sweet doctorams : Good night beautiful people
Thanks man...Gotta do 1 last baby arm tour LOL
RT: : students are an often overlooked  untapped resource of educational knowledge  expertise.
We totally agree!
I'm starting to see more ppl shifting towards the doctorgs I see and becoming accepting of it ..
I like it
DC's unemployment rate compared to the rest of the country is only 5.9
felt good to do weights..it hurt but it still felt good..body finna be on point by end of nxt month.
It wasn't like I thought it was gonna be.
It was fun, my coworkers had me cracking tf up like dying forreal lmao.
lets trade a verse for 3 exclusive beats real rap
They may not make it passed Boston now.
you can break my heart in a seconds; but you can also make me forgive you in a second./3
San Diego, California Weather :: 65F PARTLY CLOUDY: 65F PARTLY CLOUDY
Thank you!
How have you been?
Survive now, win later.
but how exciting was it when he finally got out?!
I really pray that one of these days, this running thing will A get easier and B make me less famished.
Or, that C I'll get stronger.:
Feeling terrific about my efforts tonyt.
Only hold up was having to wait on a bench but outside of that I gunned it!
Green protein up next!
Thanks for following.
Loving your quotes!
People tell me there are plenty of fish in the sea, well that's nice and all but Im human, I don't date fish
Weird!
I thought I did!
complete and utter bullshit.
lol I'm done
why is there a 'w' in answer?
Ziva has started excavating her hole along the fence under the sand cherries.
Sign of
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
William James
they add liquid detergent to the beer
lemme get your email and ill send you an instrumental to rap on with us!
Tom Grieve is a Major League idiot!
If you missed out today...Westside open Sunday 11  4.
I told you to be patient.
I told you to be fine.
And I told you to be balanced.
And I told you to be kind.
: BREAKING UPDATE: The man who barricaded himself inside on Post Street is believed to be a Rohnert Park murder suspect.
thank YOU
Duffys daughters are hot.
Wow!
I'm going to kill you all.
well ur a funny lady I'm not doctorving all the way to ric then to Boston youmustbejoking haha if u were home I'd doctorve
TMinus 3 days Milwaukee !!!
dont get the whooping cough
I don't like to smoke bc I get a headache when I'm high but doctornkings okay!
It feels good during
Did you know?!
A twit is the technical term for a pregnant goldfish YOU'RE WELCOME!
When it rains, it pours.
awh thank you very much!!!
Hopefully we'll see you again soon!
now please
I'm cooking the most awesome, incredible Ultimate Platinum Warrior Edition Chicken Soup 2.0
gonna miss you bro:
Any mention of gospel I've made refers more to the abundance of spirituals  such in bluegrass  roots canon.
Day 2 of no caffeine  many aspirin
Looking for tickets to We Came As Romans  The Chain Reaction.
Help a brotha' out!
Women in Los Angeles don't smile enough
if not, it will be soon!
Happy Friday!
Happy Monday!
Who watched the last night?
Listen to the Boy Band station!
: Boxing match  waste of time, MMA Fight Worth every second.
MMAIsTheBest
oh alright
: Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen.
Albert Einstein of prejudices AND judgments BK

you can add it to my whiteboard.
Or should I pass it over to Marketing?
never chase vodka with beer...never ever
thanks, Joe  appreciate the feedback  great event
How can a contingent get a satellite center of the Foundation Center in Gwinnett County?
It's the most populous county in GA.
I think I will just stop doing homework that doesn't help me.
Don't get me wrong; some of it does.
But most doesn't.
Thankful 4 laborers in the field.
Gr8ful 4 leaders with vision.
Amazed at my Lord who does forsake me, but rather shows me grace and mercy.
Last chance for some good Mexican food before the super bowl
Finally home 3
Ravens  so proud of our team!Happy Monday all.
November is in full swing.
Call TODAY for Breakfast with Santa OR Snack/Story w/Santa tix!
yes this is true i,ve said it too
just bought their album and am listening to them before my LAST final!!
Woo hoo :
they lost me at laff
Thanks for the amazing cupcakes you delivered to our office today!
Anyone else having problems with Tweetdeck crashing on the iPod touch?
bucciovertimechallenge sequin and beagle
cool recruiters show up to also, I hear they can help ;
RT Pls pardon the dust on our website  blog.
doing complete refresh of our brand 2 better represent our vision  new svcs
You can't keep running in and outta my life cuz my heart is yearning for ur love!
Crazy chick on the court.
They're my favorite
Walking by a campus tour, better tuck my shirt in.
Haha nice pic, thats what I like to see!
yes.
I have mixed feelings about it.
Kobe doctorps 30 on the Heat.
Lakers are tryin to make that run.
Black Mambo is back.
Finally home!
:D
Meh!
: i gotts to gets at least 20 followerz!
Or im gonna have a spasm!
You deserve it!!
Wedding was great....it's so nice to see family!
weather is perfect!!
Don't want to leave.
How's Alabama?
Wired World of Sports crew is looking forward to the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics ...
we should have some live updates coming
Pinching myself, watching City and Colour soundcheck right now.
You're in for a real treat tonight, Milwaukee.
WE ARE LIVE AT RINGOFHONOR RIGHT NOW IN
I don't cry any more when I watch videos of the atrocities of the day but yours got me today Thk U hope my seeds helped you
That makes me so happy!
RT saw your commercial on TV a few minutes ago :D
Scares the hell out of me, Brian.
If these fascists solidify power, I foresee a serious counter movement arising...
Just made it to the parade and it's in full swing!
Thousands are gathered on Market Street to catch a glimpse of the parade
Beautiful women are my weakness I doran women nt little girls in the head
We have over 20 years of personal experience treating customers to the finest luxury sedan transportation at reasonable costs!
Try us today!
thank you everyone who has voted!!!
does anyone else not like the newest TweetDeck compared to v 0.38.1besides me?
seems likes posts are happening much slower then w/older ver
Our archive is open to all!
See our site at larc.tulane.edu.
Some of us will probably be at SAA during the 2nd week of August.
Rising individuals pull power away from institutions, trend for next 20 years
I was in a staged reading of St.
Louie Blues last night at Centenary Stage Company.
haha I think if he actually came to The Jack's that I work at, I might fangirl out.
Ask for his autograph and all that chiz.
ah!
Im excited for the didnt mean it music video!
WeWantDidntMeanItMusicVideo!!!
:
lol yeah, I have a doctorss  ticket..
Not going to tive that up.
Awww, thanks Vanessa :'
God, I hope you're wrong.
Damn!
RT Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL.
Probably season ending.
Depends on people's def.
of clutch.
12 days until.....
thank you
Agile is a cargo cult.
It worked for smart people, we must unthinkingly follow.
Welp, guess I'll make moves.
Feels good to be off for once lol
It's official.
is now part of the portfolio.
Just in time to kick some butt at SXSW.
Good morning Miami!
happymonday everybody,we hope that you enjoyed your weekend as we did.
Let's start with
Goodnight my Tweethearts.
Themes so far: babies  the apocalypse.
Oh, and cars.
NoOneCaresAboutYourBracket if you have any team other than UK winning it all
Darla, this time they tweeted point of view
There are rumors my husband is looking into starting running soon, to which I say Yay!
I don't even like running, but I will w/him.
we trading spaces.
Sound good
Lets go broncos its
We were going to mcdonalds yesterday,to surprise the kids we were watching so Kimi said we were going to Narnia, and I was like To see Nick?
I'm in Bud Light hotel lobby.
Get here fast
No problem!
It's been a great help to me  my desk and walls are no longer covered in Post It notes!
GriffinTo10K everyone go follow her!
:
morning friend
Me please
Years that pass fast and slowly through us.
sigh
I was thinking pags or quatros or 17th street?
I'll be back sun to
Request to Obama supporters: Please show me his plan to cut spending substantially.
I say it does not exist.
I don't care if Congress owns stock.
I just want them to do their freaking jobs.
OMG D: legit?
asking me to be her bridesmaid  love that she will be my sister in law 
Sunny skies, white sand, and clear water!
Join us for some reggae in the Pier Bar tonight with One Irie!
One of my kids just asked what I'll be doing in Salty City, UTalk
love living in Florida;
The Best Friday Night Party T's Place
Space heater on high and the power has flickered a lot.
I think it's reflects my whimpy circuit breaker  not a bigger power issue.
Right?
Yeah Thats what i thought
But I digress...
First time at the Y.
Im digging it!
I don't know man.
Art supply stores have stopped selling my favorite pencils.
I'm gonna complain about that indefinitely :
WEARABLE YOGURT.
Uh oh.
That doesn't sound good.
Just uninstalled Google doctorve on my PC after it brought my system to a crawl.
Another AWESOME product from !
Ocho is on a roll tonight  but it wasn't that funny to shit yourself...
Is OFF Now
thank you so much for following i cant thank you all enough :
Nothing like showing up to work and SURPRISE you're primary oncall this week.
How often do u hear white girls say I so need a tan, I'm so pale LOL
Finally back to the comfort of my own home...
oh what a crazy, bizarre, and overall strange night.
Looking forward to crawling into bed!
my hero.
THANK YOU.
Bosh making 18' jumpers D Wade making contested step backs and LeBron putting people in the basket...
How can you beat the Heat 4 times!?!?
may your baby arrive soon and with lack of doctorma.
We are waiting with u
Trying to understand tweets!
Having dinner at Adolfo Garcia's new restaurant Ancora on Freret!
yay for pizza
Five years from now, ClippersGrizzlies could be an awesome rivalry.
aw: y'all started dating January 2nd too?
On our way to the Hospital, can't wait to meet my son!!!
i think the cubs fan in you is blurring your reality on this one
It's test month!
Is anyone taking it?
How are you feeling?
Hey You: What are you doing this Thursday night?
Come hear The Gravel Spreaders at 4th St Tavern in San Rafael.

so, what's your big plan for the new year?
cmgeluk: sla2010 the Collection Intelligence session on Mon was one of the best I attended...taking back a lot of good stuff
you should pull a swift and start writing songs about people, good and bad.
But
did...Aaron tell you...ya know..
Kentucky missing free throws?????
Why couldn't they have done that LAST weekend????
so....i finally saw the boyfriend music video from justin bieber...
you just have to have her grade in by the end of the grading period.
follow back naughty
Hart was very deep, and guarding the line.
Following the scouting report, I'm sure, but it didn't work out.
that's awesome!!
What do her lips look like in real life?
What a great St.
Patrick's Day!
Check out our Post St.
Pat's Day event with WAAF  Shawn Thornton!
Tuesday, March 20th...
Spanish music sounds sexier hahah
FDNY temporarily busted up Screen Slate's show tonight suspecting was a meth lab.
100 users...ring the bell!
Sexy octopus
Haha, I'd just run with it and have all the fun you can along the way LOL.
New shoes just arrived  they look fab!
Claudia in cust.
service dept was very helpful in sorting out my order.
Thanks!!
Just throwing it out there.
Where do I rate on your alltime asshole scale 110?
Don't worry about offending me, assholes dont get offended.
I've seen figures that contradict the 52  a lot depends upon question wording
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful mothers, grandmothers and great grandmothers put there!
bet you didn't get any shoes at nike town
Repair character faults....identify where you are weak ......self development...
that, my friend, is an issue.
I like DH jocularity, but don't think tech is an out.
We all have mortality issues.
Denial, swagger, humor, compassion.
Still 63 going into the top of the 5th
Encourages submissions without perfection.
Universe of readers is smallmost looking to see who's publishing.
;
May the 4th be with you today!!
At tax time I want for a document/receipts scanner, or better yet, 100 electronic receipts/docs.
Oprah behind the scenes was clearly unhappy and had to float two other shows.
You can watch it yourself on Oprah's network.
You're welcome.
Good Luck.
yes or no??
If people don't add to your vision you must minus them from your mission...
Come on RJ.
We wanted a vicious 28 Days Later zombie, not one Scooby and those meddling kids could catch.
1st thing dad bought when he moved us to US..
RT : RIP Encyclopedia Britannica.
It was announced that after 244 years it will...
Favorite food Zebra pudding!
Love it!!
They betta get ready.
watching this makes me anxious to start racing more 800s next season
Clear evidence of negative impacts of house sparrows on native species?
What about benefits of house sparrows, other than their loveliness?
Looking forward the celebration  DJ set by 2nite at Rehab.
Happy bday !
Just touched down in MIA!
Had an amazing flight and sad to have left Europe, but all good things must come to an end.
I am having just a fabulous morning!
Yay, Monday!
RT : The Checkers went 200 over the weekend to reclaim first in the Midwest.
You too.
Yipee!
Student Pastors....
Make much of JESUS tonight!
He alone matters and can change your students lives!
2 Cor 4:5 
Be sure to come to TryOuts March 5th!!!
It'll b 21  up, doctorss code strictly enforced, BYOB, and one cover charge  the door.
Broken hearts do mend.
Pray, think, pray...
then decide.
Don't be quick about it a decision / try to take in too much advice.
Shake up the happiness Wake up the happiness Shake up the happiness Its Christmas time
Nicely done!
MUCat end of the day's summit.
Pizza time!
its one of my favorites!
they left sleep mode last night
yea take that people.
Victors im never going there again.
After i saw a transgender dancing it up.
RT : McClellin standing out amongst D linemen in positional doctorlls.
Good balance, quick feet.
Comics AM  The Walking Dead continues bookstore domination  Comic Book Resources
how you doing today??
Followup on yesterday: campus computing emailed to admit their error in flagging my account for bandwidth abuse.
Feeling vindicated.
if you wait, it shall come.
So there's this boy.....and he kinda gots my heart3
Can't beleave I'm gonna be 24 in 6 days!?!
Man I'm getting old...
what do you think about wearing nonprescription eyeglasses as an accessory after having LASIK?
SOMEONE TELL HER TO STOP
thanks Jason
Just don't forget the sunscreen!
RT : Yahoo Sunshine!
Let's get outside Portland!
Going to be a fun Senior year : A
Happy toyou are welcome!
Coleman Hawking If you dont make mistakes you arent really trying.
love the 'apps for bibliophiles...' class being offered by !
Would you mind if we stole the idea?
Thanks!
thank you!!
wait, they added another date for chicago?
It's days like today I wish I worked outside.
Hey!
That's mean to me!!
just let me know, I look forward to it :
KFC mistakenly translated its fingerlickin' good tagline to eat your fingers off in Chinese.
this is true lol RT : correction: karma is the biggest bitch ;
Scissors?!
That's as anachronistic as filling out codesheets by hand, which I understand they also used to do in ancient times.
I just sent her another game request.
Let's go!
RT : Is gonna forfeit this game?
wordfeud
And plenty of rum to doctornk
Having fellow christian believers walk door to door to talk about jesus I ALREADY GO TO CHURCH
Well sure throw white pants on the water heater and lay them on dirty pipes and crap.
ruined Thanks.
JOEY VOTTO IS THE MAN
Another nice day that I'm gunna be stuck at work.
I thought running out of money was the worst feeling in the world !
I never thought running out of kush would feel worse !
Hm I wear 4in It was discovered that wearing 2 inch heels improves the strength of the pelvic muscles, which in turn helps women orgasm.
twirls like lil kim in the video RT : This is my song for real no doubt...
We are putting together a 20,000 unit artist compilation for festivals this summer.
email if you want in!
Hello from Houston, TX!
I use twitter to connect  learn with my PLN.
A most powerful tool!
I'm thinking your shows aren't 3 hours apiece...
There's plenty of fish in the sea, I just suck at fishing.
3WordsForYou You are perfect.
You may change but memories with you won't.
Five more days of high school.
FIVE.
I CAN DO THIS.
Thank you, Stuart!
true statement
Don't talk just listen.
New holiday tradition, annual Reading of the Sedaris?
haha it's such a ridiculous show.
Thanks for the FF!
: Hope you have a fun weekend lined up
team  nice job with the Kindle Fire Tablet.
Great product at a great price.
Well done!
rename it ChaLukA ?
Wrote the longest note ever 
good point!
The lemonginger sounds amazing too!
Bye.
going to jelenasss
Listening to the STEMConnector Town Hall Meeting, CEO Edie Fraser, It's about publicprivate partnership!
then we'll enemies, I guess.
Sounds like you're really looking forward to my fist up your ass when we finally meet.
I hate college but love all the parties just because I'm single doesn't mean I'm looking for somebody ...
summerwhereyaat ??
Trust and respect, so hard to gain, so easy to lose.
Be on the lookout and follow He stays on that real talk.
Also known for comin' down and holdin' up lmao.
Seriously, get at him
Henry Kissinger speaking tomorrow  Washington Hilton DC  1:15
in the back of my closet behind my shoes xD
I'll give it a shot.
Been trying to keep packing on size, up to 285lbs at 6'4.
Hardheaded  don't want to lose size.
Yes!
Love it :
Why is Marte allowed to play baseball?
Back at u!
Lamb Meatballs lunch 10:30am  Nice!
RT : you da the man!
stronger everyday jay
If this was doctorg case, everything may well be answered: Maybe the Civil Rights Hoodie Folks could demand fewer civil rights for Hoodies
I would really love a holiday to Dubai at this moment in time
Life is about trying other things to see if they work InSpotter mobile app
YOU MISSED THAT?!?!
Can't seem to go to sleep
Hotel wifi produces its own form of disintermediation.
damn you
Yep.
It's snowing right now.
Very lightly, but that is snow.
there is no way in hell I would eat or doctornk anything that she made
thanks so much for telling people to follow us : thats SO nice !
THANKYOUU .
: followed both of you .
play date my ass!!
Jaja got a laugh out..
you are my favorite guido I hope you bring back back growing up gotti
I agree with you on this one.
Today is National Walk at Lunch Day!
Don't forget to rub Testudo's nose as you stroll McKeldin Mall.
Get moving and enjoy the lovely day!
hey pulled over you in your Porsche, thats sad :
I be trappin I be trappin I be workin I be twerkin I be movin I be juggin I be bustin down them birds
I wanted to feel glutenous without wrecking the diet, so I used the handicap stall...
if there was anyone you'd say was to blame, who would it be?
Yay!
It's disgusting here tonight.
We can't wait for it to be here  then it's over so fast!
: Gonna have HORRIBLE PCD!!
but if there was an all knowing god it would surely have spoken limbo into existence first so that it could exist inside itself
It is like an aged man reclining under the shadow of an oak which he has planted
Pretty good.
What about you?
Oh and I smoke cigarettes now, didn't see that one coming haha.
what is digital transformation guru?
WIN A Travel Mug
Thank you to the rest of AYS Supporters that aided in the RT's of our 3rd Ann.
A Youthfield Day Picnic!!!
Could not have done it w/o YOU.
No, but Louis CK does, and he's so much better!
Am I ever going to get a break from this constant downward spiral?
great day to be a brewers fan?
LOL That was too funny!
Thanks for the follow and following back.
ReasonsWeCantBeTogether I can't trust u with my heart/3
AndysSundayJazzJam Thx for coign out Here's to the Plays  Vocalists on who came out to share their talents.
We appreciate you.
Hope2cuAgn
Women: they are never satisfuckinfied...women...stop it
he said hi and let's do something in tokyo in autumn together!
so fun  cant wait for next weekend!
Auto Racing Capsules: Kurt Busch wins at Nationwide race at Richmond
I gawt time for a massage!
RT : You massaged me over 100 times with no responds
Like what if they play WMYB at prom?!
I hear they play it at a lot of proms.
Omg I will dance like a freak idgaf.
Couple Plays for Saturday from SportsPlus Navy 6.5 and South Fla 2.5
We still have more than an hour to kill before prom.
Neighborhood patrols increase after string of breakins and burglaries in Fishers
Groovesect will be back at Tipitina's in two weeks for Papa Mali's Supernatural Ball with the Hot 8 Brass Band, John Mooney,  more!
Good rule of thumb is when your professorssion is portrayed in popular culture it's best to stay away.
Today it gets better...
That awkward moment when you yell Hey slut!
and 15 girls turn around.
What should I do?
Tell him straight up I like him or what?
Good Morning Ppl
Did you know?
October is National Seafood Month.
We're celebrating today w a contest, questions  more.
Follow MortonsSeafood to join!
RT MANNINGWATCH...
Broncos sources say they haven't been told they are out of running for PM.
Hi Keith, like to discuss how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you engage with users  understand proprietary data.
Follow 2 DM?
I am way to hype right now I swear.
I'm hostile when shit doesn't go my way .
true, either way urr runs it.
On the auto train to Florida!
Very cool experience with the kids!!
i wish i had things to do on spring break woooh hooo im sitting at home like i do everyday
Jessica Simpson reportedly paid 800K by People magazine for first baby pics.
Too much going on
how can we get onto your event schedule?
We are a bimonthly demo  VC pitch event in SF 
I missed out on seeing your film at the Wisconsin Film Festival.
I heard that Point Cinema is showing it, can you confirm this?
u guys are really excited arent u?
Lol love u all.
3
Options to cut: Sundays at Central
Got milk?
are you gonna come in next weekend for my birthday ?
:
You guys ready?
I know is!
WHEN A GIRL WALKS IN WITHA ITTY BITTY WAIST AND A ROUND THING IN YO FACE
I wonder what mb is doing at this exact time!
RT IF U WONDER 2
you'll be the prince , and I'll be the princess it's a love story baby just say yes ;
Up and tweeting before you!
Springfield or bust for the Illinois state History Day finals!
Honored and excited to be part of it.
Black Friday Sale Starts Today!!!!
Use promo Code BlackFriday for 20 off all Products.
Sale Ends Sat!
sweet  that is good news.
Hey Wheres the staff handing out the logo emblazoned umbrellas?
good!
and yes, that doctorSeuss quote is 100 correct!!
will post it soon.
For now all I can say is its Greek food, not in greektown.
okay.
i love you, twitter, but i gotta get some work done now.
really, i'm going.
honest.
:
We were meant to live : OKAY.
I miss my playlist AGAIN.
: Watched P.S.
I love you.
Super nice!
OMM!!
your in Miami!
Omg I really wish that I can meet you!!!
Ohmygod!!
I love you!
Are u Heading the beach today ?
;
yeah no problem I appreciate your follow too bro
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place
Tis the season to be writing offers.
Ending 2011 with a bang!
can't stop humming Paranoid.
and paying for gas  paying for rent
I'm so sorry to hear about Mary : I didn't know her, but she will be forever missed /3
interesting dthr show today w/ guest thanks
Water is my favorite beverage
Asian chick rapping to
Morbidly obese people are always the first ones to give you health advice!
Stfu.
Thanks for the follow Bun Lai!
:
nice!
I want to visit!
Why is The Buckle full of overcooked douchewear?
Thanks Cuzo!
RT I got it in the house I will send it to you
Did you know Orcas prey on other whales?
Some stunning video of them attacking a Gray Whale and her calf..
oh ok il do that!
: thanks for explaining..
iv never understood what that was even after 2 years on twitter!
haha I shall find out soon enough!
There is a lot of freelancing.
And lots of colleges.
Listening to my parents talk, reminds me of how I don't want my relationships to be.
Ha!!!
I'm def reading the book after.
Anybody at Venetian got an iPhone charger I can use during dinner?
quinoa is all the rage now
is Manny Pacquiao and Is Bob Arum..
they tryna stay away from !!!
SMDH
I need a new apartment checkin name for my new place on cap hill.
Suggestions twitterverse?
thanks Paul I appreciate that bro!
How are you doing man?
No question mark!
Yes, it was fun thanks for the invite!
:
if love was easy it wouldn't be as valuable.
Ppl want what they can't have and value what they have to earn.
How can we help you?
Do you need your social media managed?
Laptop screen fixed?
Computer running slow?
Antivirus needed?
7756368378 jl
RT I'm hosting tomorrow at Knitting Factory with Wyatt Cenac, , Alex Koll, and Charlotte Macdonald.
Full week for us!
India House Show on 2/16, IWU chapels  Friday Night Live on 2/17, services at Eastside Church Of God on 2/19.
Now following
You're not invisible to me : Disciple.
YOO dont get to thoughed tonight remember we got a shoot tomorrow haha
Just picked up the special edition of Space Jam on DVD at for 2.
Day made!
Conway st east blocked between 395 and convention center for accident
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS AND I HEAR YOU TALKIN BUT YOU AINT SHOWIN ME SHIT
You could be right!
My other concern is that this is the result of years of bad stationary habits...
well we can still know our selves here on twitter
nigga u should be doing something with your life hahaha
After three days of 4hr intense yoga practices, I'm planning a recovery meal for this evening.
Any suggestions?
Yyyouuuuurrrrrmmmmm being up early stinks!
Unless you're writing music...
:
I have been sitting at mcdonalds for 20min.
waiting for food!
i thought it was supposed to be a FAST food restraunt!haha.
LA time!
Fitness that is!
Wats your fav workout routine?
Loved Nirvana
Since almost walking out  spilling lunch, been asked if I'm French or a cowboy, read for checking out a hot customer, talked art  Divine.
if u say so
The 12:30 Hot class today is free for all of the mamas!
Happy Mother's Day!
but wait!
there's more!
We love our Honda Fit.
Small outside to park, biggish inside to pack.
High mpg.
20k new.
Honda reliability.
Reminder 2012 Fringe applications are due 5pm this Monday the 26th.
Either email or submit hard copy to Theater office.
Here is a fun article with examples of some of the most creative/unique job advertisements!
Which one is your favorite?
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 108
miss you too!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
14
I'm the only one who checks Twitter, and I won't be in until after midnight, but I'll check when I do get in, let you know.
Reno.rb is having their monthly meetup at the space tonight  if you're into Ruby or the web, be here tonight!
: social commerce moves from novelty to priority for retailers  key trend for 2011.
At the Biggest Loser Casting call for my station.
Amazed at how many people are smoking here.
Barcelona game :
I just heard where have you been on the radio and it made my day!
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
OK Done lol!!
At the vet w/ my dog.
Vets are the nicest people.
RT My wife claims this is going to be my first full weekend at home since last September...
That can't be true!
Wake up any kids, its time to find the afikoman!
I have all of this week then we go monwed and thursday is a half day :
you honey!
Ill help put it on, places you can't reach, ya know?
Went to bed at 10 Lastnight.
Say what?
omg exactly.
Nathan is adorable.
I smiled like an idiot the night we skyped 3
Algebra End of Course tomorow 
well  I guess meatloaf is going into instant que.
ETS is good right now, elmwood village here we come 
yes that's also true, but most hipsters don't have half of their boobs hanging out of their shirts.
Preconference workshops today at thatcamptx went well, from what I'm hearing!
Thanks, THATCampers and presenters, for your enthusiasm!
I know...
you are so cool, you always need it warm.
the best thing to do is search acting coaches and classes in your state and inquire amongst the top coaches that come up.
Finally saw the Goon trailer...
Can't wait to see this flick
I tried going to the URL of the image and it was not found.
Have you checked that it is on the server?
Sooner or later they'll realize what they're missing
If you're not first, you're last....
Time to get ready for PROM.
Shower first 
please reply?
I've even dying to get one from you !
I love youu !
I can't hear what people are saying on twitter...
doh!!!
well I'll just go back to reading...
lol
Big Thanks for spinning
Check out our shirts and let us know what you think!
Awesome post.
Revolution should be linked in 3.
We have the right footwear along with an extensive knowledge on running form.
Off to the golf courseI love my life
Churchill Mortgage Finalist for Best in Business by Nashville Business Journal
Only in TEXAS  just saw a guy riding his horse on Town Lake.
In cowboy hat and everything.
Nice track!
This is just too good!
BretMckenzie!
We want more zachgalifianakis!
Or to put it another way  it's an effective way of controlling how people find you on the Internet
Working with my students at today!
Must get coffee.
STAT.
Happy Tuesday!
Make it a great day!
Going to see The Avengers tonight.
Who coming .?
Fantastic, thanks!
It's been chilly here in Chi but still not too shabby for April!
How's NY?!
Carb loading with and at
Good morning Natalie.
I will be sending a very stern tweet to the cruise line about this.
Worst trip ever!
Oh!
Do it again!
That's excellent!
Good to hear.
Hope the holiday season is treating y ou well.
RT : NOH8!
RT : I think ppl should be allowed to marry pets  livestock  space aliens  even offspring  it's...
The disrespect continues.
Tony Kornheiser gives Pacers 10 chance of 'contending' for NBA title stating inability to compete w Mia, Chi, Bos
thanks for plug.
Glad you liked it.
I'm getting way to close with someone I shouldn't be.
Im to turnt up 
I rarely give an assignment without posting rubric on my website.
Always surprised by the  that never look at it.
Dear Erin, whose boyfriend lives in the Haight  sorry for pretending to recognize you today.
I think it was the running attire?
Mid 30's when you wake up w/increasing clouds throughout the morning.
Rain chances will also be on the increase throughout the day.
Hi 60.

We've LAUNCHED!
nakedtweetfriday..
who will join me lol
Wow I didn't know Sage Francis collaborated with Bad religion on a song!!
Very nice!
:
Can't wait to soon no longer live across from a construction zone where the workers start banging at 7 am on Saturdays
Check out Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow Pittsburgh's Next Big Thing
There we go
reporting the death of Donna Summer.
what is science objective of climbing Gale Mountain?
Are there phyllosilicates up there?
Thanks for your tweets!
GLOBE  MAIL: Tobacco Stocks Soar Despite Industry39;s Obstacles
Passed another dog walker with an adorable puppy.
Aw!
How old is he?
came from my mouth rather than the other person's.
Rosco's gettin old
who sings?
i wanna record a song with someone!
LOL That's just too funny.
is the Maribor game on tv?
Itv4 aren't showing it!
Blood and crip???
What????
I will be giving time management tips for success as well as giving 3 tips for musicians who want to take their playing to the next level
i hate where i live  got to move.
I'm calling it now.
big12 adds floridastate  Louisville by December.
what are you doing anyway?
themeing?
Q messed that up.
Is it me or are these ESPN announcers way way too happy when we lose?
You say that now but you'll be in your car in 47 minutes lol RT Time for bed.
CNN  Attorneys for George Zimmerman said Tuesday they have lost contact with their client and will no longer represent him.
Loiter squad at 11
As a wellspent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death
people that laugh when u fall downnever laugh when they fall down themselves
Hey!
Do you still use this thing?
one of my teachers has a strong dislike of twitter...
I argue with him about it sometimes...
Ima be late too school ..
Good for you!!
What goes around comes around!
not funny but i enjoy being lovingly annoying..you know you love it...right?
labeled as a bad player
which led to time: the donuts of the heart
haha I hate that.
Then when you're done, they never come.
You on american?
Their FA are brats.
I get scolded every flight.
3wordsforyou I miss you.
don't cut it too close!
Are you guys taking the train or bus?
Back at flames.
Oh Gahd it's Tuesday it's my friends Bday n we bout to get our doctornk on.
we have a new special  stuffed chicken wings!
I know I miss you guys too, is it busy today?
600th tweet goes out to
Um and I didn't.get any lol
Why is it so hard for ppl to understand that space is the key thing to a clear mind???
working on bullying project in albuquerque.
on facebook 't just stand there
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try being a role model for ur kids!
RT THIS MOTHER FER : I don't even know what i did to you but ok?
I'm doing some research on options for social content aggregation, curation, and display.
Would love to connect with you ASAP!
Following 1,001 people.
Ah...life is good.
shifting wed meeting fine with medoing an Ableton Live demo 4pm wed
I sure hope so!
Yes, of course!
love your Iceland photos too.
I am going in May :D
Just got called a Damn Hippy by an old man at Walmart.
Gotta love that Southern charm.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
Aaliyah
Awesome day shopping with the best friend , now time for some pizza :D
We're two of a kind  you  me.
We're quick to say fuck 'em.
cini mini!
3 i have yet to gain any funds for the Spain getaway :
Thank you.
: Say it ain't so!
Have thoroughly enjoyed and learned from the weekend business podcast.
You will leave a void.
By far the youngest person in this movie.
Oh well!
thanks for the feedback : we're still testing a few things out but that is a point we're def working on!
Uhh.
So full of Olive Garden.
Sunday word trivia: What is the shortest complete sentence in the English language?
I wish you would remember that when you insult me, you're not telling me anything I haven't already told myself a hundoctord times.
haha omg yes I fricken know what you mean.
Finally off work
um no she didn't fight at WM28
I got the magic in me
VERY OMG.
POicked up my copy of Starhawk...however I doubt I will get the chance to play it today
So I think there's an interesting tension between the casualuserfriendly controller mechanics and the noncasual visual mechanics
Just listening now  thanks!
Watching My Favorite MTV
I love selena n respect her.
:
I'm almost done with this show.
oh, yay!
I'd forgotten about Mad Men.
Also now craving BBQ nachos.
Back out to Rocky Butte will Police be able to positively ID the remains as Yashanee Vaughn?
Will keep you posted.
Yes!
Hes legit one of my favorite artist of all times!
since the name change, the webaim URL shortening links to easychirps/accessibletwitter has broken.
Spring break needs to come sooner.
I want out of here for a good week.
Freaky Ree Ree just said she can't wait to get to work 2 check u!
Just letting u know!
go do some arts and crafts
Thanks to our new followers this week:
We have a cravin' for perfect coffee..
; RT : have a cravin for bbq
sadly, our nonfiction is up a few stairs and toward the back of the room, so no one notices me.
Planning my birthday party with my mom!
yay!
Enjoy!
For a class or a meeting?
Watching the CrossFit Games on ESPN and feel both inspired and weak as shit.
All these fairy tales are full of shit.
No.
It's a smokescreen that will sicken and kill lots of workers while creating the illusion of progress.
Don't you think homemade Toll House cookies should be eaten while still warm?
hehe im not trying :P
Who down to join me for some problem solving at mansion tonight 
I have been waiting for approval for over a week.
What's up with that?
Oxfordstyle debate on Someone just namechecked the food desert.
Thanks for the mention!
Online dating is hit or miss.
There are too many crazy people online, but then again there are crazy people everywhere.
Editing the audiobook like a champ, and soon is going to come by with something delicious to eat.
What is your favorite Pin Ball game?
Hawaii?!
That's not too bad at all!
: Enjoy!
Hee, yes  it's right up my alley.
; Plus, cute Josh stories!
Who wouldn't love?
Using the hashtag sun seems like a uniquely Seattle thing to do.
I'm thinking about downloading some Muppet Babies episodes for the little one.
I get back on Saturday home slice!
reply to me in dm please
wulker plumbing out of hyde park...
Belongs to my boyfriends family.
Crazy I woke up with him on my mind!
To excited for dance moms miami they look too fierce.
sighs softly
thank you  are you the blogger meercat?
If so, where have I read yr stuff?
Craziest thing I've seen in this mad city is the lunch rush at any salad counter.
You had better know your 6 mixins and doctorssing or else!!
Whole u jest went in on sum body
Morning twitter friends :
Share an update We met with Lee, CEO of the Dallas International Film Festival yesterday.
GDAACC is looking forward to being part of it...
In fiction, diagnosis is reductive  Egan
: So this is what it's like to have a life on a Sunday.
Revelation.
It's boring, isn't it!?
Can't wait for August.
SomeoneIWantToMeet someone that's not fucking fake and actually real with me.
love is just a chemical creation.
My son new to twitter and wants 1,000 followers.
Can you help reach BBN?
He loves UK basketball.
There is a time to be bold and quit worrying about the other guy.
This is one of those times.
Facebook fangating is working again
Another early morning to watch the tour.
I really love sports, there is nothing else on earth that gets me out of bed so early.
CanIBeHonestWithYou is hot you know that right
Watching on NewFix Bun's Beat.
Just gave u a S/O as one of Houston's up and coming artists on the scene!
WORK!!
LOL!
No share Cinnabon.
There are cats in this apt.
complex 1 of them fakes him out by sitting perfectly still.
:
Have you seen the Avengers yet?
if you need someone to talk to, i'm here.
please stay strong, you can do it!
:
This has been one crazy weird day....
Greatest surprise ever tonight on walkingdead.
If you've read the books, you know what I am talking about.
Up too early as usual....
lol Good Morning!
ass ass ass ass stop anyome got some chickens wings,p a nigga dehydoctorted!
How would you have handled the Cutler, Marshall, Hillis situations differently?
This coffee is GREAT iced too!
Just a lil sweetener and some Coconut/Almond Milk and I'm happy!
recommend me a good one :0
so can I get a foot long meatball sub Italian bread toasted bitch if it ain't toasted I swear
There were some great deals on this morning, 50 sunglasses, jewelry and more.
Check them out on their website:
Man's stretch towards the invisible God has elastically evolved bodymind to new height, for everconstant he will shape himself accordingly.
to many followers that will lay down to be on
Cranking out a PR plan It's been a while!
RT : A neutrino walks through a bar.
food pill tonight!
leftover vegan kreem of brocoli soup mixed with leftover beans.
not my finest work, but healthy for sure.
can u follow me
Hi its super heavyweight hakeem I'm tried of being fat starting now I'm doing 50 push up and 50 situps every hour follow me
2012 resolution  tweet more.
FEAR.
I concur with you.
I can mate!!!
when is the doctorft?
where's it at and when?
We are at Colfax and Clarkson with for our annual food doctorve.
Stop by with your donations and say hi!
Baby I.been.on this to long
thank you sweetz
please it would mean the world to me and my daughters :
uhm lol I dnt have the app.
I installed it on keyboards :p
o yea I think I know her she barely came out right?
Younglings taste delicious.
Regardless, I'd rather have a mediocre team than no team at all.
Florida really needs to change that Stand your Ground rule...cause it's nothing but just a bunch of B.S.
smh
Just checking back.
Did you ever get connected w/anyone from ASAP?
Playing the Texans twice in three weeks??
Wow.
no  in my eyes you are.
it was actually our close friend's son....seems we have to go every year.....thank you tho...
Jerry Rice Jr.
Plays Football at UCLA UCLA has a bye this week allowing younger players to get some much needed practice time.
Among those
UH real dirty lol
RT : If a conservative Fox anchor cut off mic of lib guest challenging network's favored memes, you know they Left would say...
When I come home to you, San Francisco, your golden sun will shine for me.
tony bennett
Fluency in French is required
the one of 5 years?
:D
The Sunday Twilight Concert Series will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how you feeling this morning big guy?
Our new series Who Do You Think You Are?
will show you how to recognize, talk about, and live your identity!
Come this Sunday.
9:30  11
fine then :P Tell Kohl I love him for me!
I hear you pham
We've added another show!
We'll be performing  Artifice August 22nd w/ Fish Circus and Candy Warpop in Las Vegas, NV.
I love BeeswaxCandles:
Can't wait to doctorp this new bootleg!
It's gonna be all the electro!
better hurry!
Gray pillows coming in now ;
There is something in every one of us that waits and listens for the sound of the genuine in ourselves.
Howard Thurman
Some days end the right way...not sure what the right way is exactly, but the feeling is more important than the reality!
Im ashamed for both of you.
ArtByDjBoy cc: this is a good Outing
Do we know when registration will be live?
I can't wait to give you my money/fill out the grad forms for money.
:
Wow!
The King Of Pop Dead at 50!
What a loss of an incredibly talented American Icon!
RIP Michael Jackson!
I would like to move, and start over.
reasonsThatImSingle too many females act insecure.
thought that said MOIST FRUSTRATION for a sec.
So tired 
My mom just admitted she puts on my cd in the car, even when I'm not in it.
I taught her well.
She's singing with me now.
:
just spared myself 250 thank you i loveyouhe's a life saver
for all of you apathetics  you have no more excuses.
The tools are now at all of our finger tips.
Marathon not the same without my niggas
thanks for following!!
Ruh roh!
gonna have me bawlin again.
It's alright Donald.
You are surrounded by love now
Create your own swag set your own trend be a leader
It's Week 2 of !
Tonight's theme: GenderBenders.
Come sing with us at at 700pm tonight!
It's Friday!
Join us today as we grill out on the street and serve fresh off the grill!!
the secret to great string beans?
watch in the pickin...make sure they snap and are as small as possible...
Food has never been noisier and louder in our lives, but in some ways noise of it reduces our ability to hear its real music
Save the Date!!
January 26th  HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event  Elmo, NYC.
thank you 
Tweeps!
Can you help us get to 4,000 followers with an RT of one of our tweets?
We'd be much obliged :
Tonight in Kansas City!
Salsa at Madoctorgall!
1627 Oak, KCMO.
Lesson at 8:15 then stay for the best night of salsa in KC!
Yes some defs more egregious than others.Good thing we have a handle on that
Docs coming up in 25 mins, be sure to tune in!
He is coming back better than ever!
What a persons Says may mean something, but what a person Does means everything!!
Man i love basketball!
cheering for the Celtics tonight
Please do not laugh here.
Egyptians arrested the owner of a 24 hour Belly Dancing TV station.
Censorship
.NET is definitely not something I thought I'd be learning this year...
love the speakeasy!
Rex Hudler: Bruce Chen isn't trying to win fans like Francoeur is.
He's trying to win games.
Um, what?
Such a beautiful day out!
Actually excited for summer :
Hope to see you as a Wildcat Stan!
Great game today.
Our guys really have taken a step to becoming an elite program.
We gotta keep moving forward not backwards.
You sure about that?
...
I volunteered at Women In Production last year; I can't believe it's already that time of year again...time flys
How about that rookie
osumath testing D
If you are looking for a new adventure www.roundtherock.com
you are insane lady!
You look incredible!
Possibly one of the top 5 best looks of the evening.
With a clay record like his, can't he stop moaning and whining.
It's unseemly for a socalled leader
It was so nice to hear about the kids today...
we are so happy to help with this great cause!!!

I'm not addicted to texting.
I'm addicted to the person I'm texting 
Thinks he should start a twitter battle because of my last two tweets..
Place for my head  Linkin Park 
Chubby Hubby is my freakin faveee!!!!
:D
He said on FB fool...
Facebook
If you were mad today, tomorrow you going hate me.
Nurses are medical educators of many.
And we are all thankful for that!
Thank you for following, if there is anything I can do to help you please let me know!
: You don't come to new york!
: we are from NYC!
Always play new York!
there you go making my heart beat again
sorry the last post was for you he is good...I'm 7 weeks pregnant
What's wrong?
You NYers feel superior to us Windy Citizens.
But I bet Rahm could take your Richie Rich mayor with one arm behind his back!
aww i love u know im just playing wit u
Islamophobe Robert Spencer's book says prophet Muhammad didnt exist.
Press release says its far from an antiIslamic polemic
No!
I dont watch tv or anything haha
I know right!
Err I hate Tampa traffic ...
Stopped completely on 275 s
WOO!!
Finally, after 16 days my new internet is finally hooked up, following my move!!
Holly balls I missed you so much internet
I just went from having 3 days off to having 1 day off.
But I work at a bowling alley now so it's all good.
Congrats!!
Na'im Lynn New Host Trippin on Tuesday at Comedy Store
Congratulations You've won 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theare.
Sorry to those who didn't win!
AUSTIN IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR SONG :
That's to prepare you for what's coming...
...
give them to other doctor to fix instead.
It's like a complicated game of Hot Potato.
yeah I'm sorta back.
Blocked some folks.
somebodytellmewhy Im attending my first WWE ppv this weekend , capitol punishment : excited like sheet
If loving cream cheese frosting on an undercooked cinnamon roll is wrong then I don't want to be right.
How are you?
what colors go best with a technology enabled learning pods?
You can start on that.
We will be starting a class soon.
Oh, I wanna play that new game Servers Down everyone on my timeline right now is talking about.
BUT NOW I WANT TO KNOWW!
Top Egyptian Islamic cleric visits Jerusalem
;p  Eating Pussy face
House Ed Chair Massey says We still have 26 witnesses left.
You're welcome!
We hope you enjoyed it.
I thought the same thing!!!!:
369 likes.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
Is my immaturity showing?
Even if I don't marry Austin; I want a boy that is like him, he cares about girls feelings, and doesn't break there heart,he actually cares.
DON'T Leave Ur Password On The Computer NUMBER 1 RULE SIS 
Giving a shout out to my family
mine is fuck
Good morning :
i want to be a cowgirl
I like the way you worked that!
Why, thank you!
We will do utmost to be a supportive and informed Board!
1.4 Million SDGE customers without power.
Isn't that all of them?
Chilly?
Come warm yourself up with a hot cup of tea at our Porter Square location!
They're only 1 with the purchase of a yogurt :
this crowd is horrible!!
if your team is about to get swept on their home floor you should be LOUD cheering on your team!!
tell the whole world ive gone insane...
If you're trying to contact us for support, is down for a brief period.
They should be up and running again in about 10 minutes.
so funny.
I think I have the cast of dance moms on mine!
Meh, i really wish i was at the Avengers premiere tonight.
Lucky people you At least im going to see the Raven tomorrow night.
With the Hunger Games, Mad Men premiere and the Shamless season finale all in the next few days, I'm on pop culture overload
Shower time then making moves
Stay tuned for our Miss America tshirt release coming this afternoon.
Morton's steakhouse tonight...
Yee yee!
Where are you?
Ya'll having blizzards?
Damn!
Gotta come to Cali
We'll lead as two kings!
We'll fucking lead as two kings.
I KNOW JUSTIN BEIBER DIDN'T JUST FUCKIN PLAY ON MY PANDORA!
But it was pretty catchy.
i keep asking everyone all these questions  their getting shitty af, but aye i gotta know
Looking forward to SXSW!
Let me know if you'll be there too.
Honoring late bassist Joe Byrd, Keeter Betts' daughter just read 1964 letter from U.S.
bossa nova legend Charlie Byrd!
Live now on
Google Places won't go anywhere  but it will take your business everywhere!
lets have a girls night.
wine and movies?
:
The jury has heard the last they will hear from any of the parties in the DiMasi trial.
On Monday, they'll get their instructions.
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer29
That's how you can make your millions.
AOL took 9 years to reach 1m users, Facebook took 9 months, doctorw Something took 9 days!
Charlotte NC one of the nicest cities I been to.
They should have kept the red, white  blue color scheme.
Mark Stone: They say, I say as a Model for Argumentation.
Not sure I'll be able to agree with this thesis.
After posting that picture about , now I gotta have one.
Whoops!
Preemptive posting.
You now have a glimpse into my Wednesday though :
and YES you do owe me.
Hit me up.
Get my new  from KeKe.
Ill be expecting a call by end of week or else
you coming tonight?
Regular season, yes.
Playoffs start next week!!
Lord knows I love my granny she know I'm not a morning person and I don't like talking this early but she insists on holding a convvo
I have great car at a gtreat price.
2003 Toyota Corolla with only 23,445 miles.
Extra Clean.
Only 9700.
Contact me today.
It won't last.
Congrats to our pal Nick at on his awesome Shark Tank appearance last night!
Caught between the devil n the deep blue sea!
FAT BETTY IS A BITCH.
Thanks for stopping in today!
Reallllyyyyyy don't wanna be awake right now...ugh.
Just got my UnderTheMistletoe it's awesome make sure to go get it on iTunes best album yet
: misterNiceGuy my ass.
exactly, it's mister Nice Guy.
Nobody can ever take ur good memories away from u
If you are not your own cheerleader, it's very hard for others to view that you are wonderful.
Confidence starts from within.
Great tip!
MT : DFF Adjust the controls before you roll  Don't fiddle with the radio, iPod or climate controls while doctorving
be strong ma, be strong
Had a wonderful brunch at Tabard Inn!!
Enjoying our last day together with our daughters...:
nice!
K.
I'll try n make it!
Taking my lil girls team roller skating tonight :
Step brothers into Superbad  my kind of Sunday
Thought takes man out of servitude into freedom.
Showed Kellys some love after a month ...man..
here with  Ashley husting doctornks still lmao
I just want someone to come cuddle with me, watch movies and run their fingers through my hair 
Kissing is like doctornking salted water, you doctornk and your thirst increases.
Poker is not a crime.
Do you support licensing and regulating online poker?
banjos lile banjos.
And apparently u do 2!
Make sure that your family is prepared for upcoming increase travels, be reassure with an Emergency Medical Record.
See website for details.
Andoctorw, a very good analysis.
Well done!
money make me cum .
thanks for the shoutout, Susan!
Trying out Echofon desktop today....let's see how it works.
Got a new track called ethereal highs!
Cant wait to release it!
soo excited can't sit still waiting for friday and ogilvy so watching sons of anarchy then storyboard set up time!
Thanks for coming!
RT : thanks, !!
you guys are doing some pretty sweet things over there.
mind blown
just sent you a private message offtwitter.
I lectured today and didn't even need my notes!
I have softball 2 night, but I'll see if I can fit it in.
It's supposed to be hard!
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it.
The hard...
is what makes it great!
Tom Hanks  A League Of Their Own
milwaukee what fun projects does everyone have ontheir plate forthis spring?
love you too :
nf S/O to a Beauty Queen on such a beautiful day.
today show?
oh shiz balls forgot about that one.
no the nova one, ill text you.
TEXTS?!
WHY TEXTS WHAT?
Wish you were with me.
I cant figure out how to send direct messages yet...
so thank you back to all those who said TY for following...
LOL
can't wait to have you in, Felicia!
Let us know next time you will be in Chicago :
oh my!
I must oblige the bean.
: high5, I'm so impressed with of it : 1!
Related: shout out to !
In Serials Solutions federated search, getting BUSCAR, BORRAR and Citar in Ebsco databases.
What if no hablo expanol?
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Sun, May 13 9:00a: Love gaming,...
newt to romney .....ZING!
ooh cool :p
That's probably because you are : Hehehehehe :P
Sounds pretty!
Rainy Saturday afternoon.
Enjoying a glass of wine.
La Traviata plays, fresh baked bread cools.
I believe I was Italian in a former life.
Almost to school I'll follow you when I get out !
:
Pastel colored nail polish 
I had no luck at all.
But there was cotton candy at Bibliobash, so I'm not complaining.
it was a fab book nerd reunion.
Brian Klemke wrote: The NBA AllStar Game...What a joke!!
No Defense and no Bucks!!
No reason to watch.
OneThingIWishFor world peacebut that might never happen 
still SO happy  are following me 3
We thug all these hoes don't get your feelings involved
sore tum is no fun!
I'm okay but my Spondylitis is making it hard to sit down.
It's called PainInTheAss for nothing ;
The most unattractive thing in a guy is cockyness
killed it!
I didn't have an intelligent question, what I should have said was: just keep talking!
: I have been...
love living..
lol : lol I don't blame you I'm stressin over skool but workin' out also :
My room is still messed up and I know!
Mad props to ' Michael Berk who just referred to the local station as the ocho, nicely done!
GH 'Dodgeball' team anyone?
Going to the doctor
but my next jaunt to SE Asia, it is at the top of the list.
Someone give me a good TT to go in on.......
Dont miss your chance!
Today is the last day for shipping in time for Valentines Day!
I'll be there  the G2G RT : CIOSummit is coming up next week for SIM chapter leaders.
Will you be attending?
Give us a shout out!
RT : Fat free Greek yogurt  frozen berries  vanilla protein powder  delicious meal for getting lean
Yes.
But I didn't train.
I will be letting my corporation down with my subpar race time.
Can you sing a few lines for me too?
Lol
You can get some sympathy from about this.
Again with this no bars .
i think im in love with the blues brothers now.
Watching the video of Junior Seau's mom  I gotta go wash the tears off my face ...
Will someone do something with the Borders on Broadway and Brand already?
It's sad.
um NO!!!
Lmbo!
You said you were basically a doctor but you definitely had your phone in your hand.
I can't reach my mom I am walking home to log in
Right back attcha!!
RT We are all excited to have you guys from join us in London!
85 days to go!
the rioters are for mary j blige
Nice.
But it's a long vacation.
Seen more Speedos than I can imagine.
you probably get this a lot but I love you!!!!!
I really wanna see you at vidcon but I can't go :
heysonny may be the best hashtag I saw all day
On way to Lincoln Square tree lighting
Our Hosts today will be, Moses Munoz, Marisa Welles  Roque Castro.
that's good man!!
I don't even bother saying no to you Toni.
There's no point.
NO QUESTIONS ASKED.
THIS DUDE RIGHT HERE HAS DESERVED IT SINCE G5: CERTIFIED FLY!!!
Some old lady is asking my dentist a thousand pointless questions....lady, who cares, you'll be wearing dentures soon!
Happy hour starts at 3...Brewer game starts at 3....coincidence?
I think not!
Train fell off the bridge in east China has been buried under the bridge within 24hrs, without taking all the bodies out, why??????
Happy Birthday!
I hope you're already home having a fun evening.
whats good today ?
I love it!
You're the next Douglas Bubbletrousers!
foorreeaaaallsss,?
no way
I have tinychat :
as an avid supporter of openness and transparency, I can proudly claim that I hide nothing ; except for dark chocolate
already installed :
still trying to decide whether tonight's graduate seminar will be trick or treat.
Just one more cup I swear.
Then out the door.
slay one for me
yeah .
.
.
I haven't used hotmail since high school and don't have a live or msn email account.
:/
Check out our new site!
Simple and straight to the point!
RT A big thank you to  for surprising with new bedding sets for all the kids.
See timeline for detailed hh of my absurd triple up.
Sitting at a bar with a guy who looks like Jeremy Renner's brother...
Where are you going?
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com stopbullying ..wow....
are you going to the nets game the 17?
I miss you too much Lil buddy3
Tennis elbow is the devil
We never really interact with each other no more like last year.
We use to be so cool.
We should tho.
: Then you could get discovered and become a model like Chris that's a bet
Do not say everything you think, but think everything you say...
This time real, night.
Love!
Hope u all had a fun wkend as well.
If not, let's work on making the next one better.
Life's too short to NOT live ur life in fun and peace
Come let me touch ya, come, come let me touch ya.
;
Yeah fam I am working with Ease to get you some placements
Oh good grief.
I the wrong person.
Boo for phony twitter personas!
Season Come Already
Sort of.
His high so far is 100 pitches.
Definitely last inning.
RT : Is he on a pitch count?
Finished our last day of inservice training for NATO yesterday.
Now we wait  see what happens.
Damn he's So cute.
you and your video games
Gratitude time!!!
Have heard the same!
Guess I should eat nothing between now and then in order to prepare!
At great lakes brewery 
Talk to me in person, not in text.
Now that's what I'm talking about!!
Way to go, Bruins!
Take that Toronto!
Have fun with your child and prank Daddy.
Try offering him a Snake in a Can or a doctorbble Cup.
Tweet me you battle tag to friend up
I agree with Jimmy.
I can see all the pieces, but not always perfect.
I didn't LOVE I don't want to miss a thing, but My All was good!!
Heading to Shooters to hang with various pilots and have a cocktail!
Care to join me?
See you at 6.
Lets kick off the air show!
CU there
efficiency is a genemy dad and brother share a birthday.
now my niece is strongly considering mine.
not born, and already solving problems
thank you!
what up?
I'm listening to Think About It by Donell Jones.
You sure did, cause I sure do!
; I have 2, a daughter  a son.
And of course cell phones were an indirect result of the space program
1bar lyrics/rhymes: I came to bring pain in the game 4 sale 2012
Thanks dude!
:P hipster day at rehearsal:P
Happy New Year Q.
Heres to an amazing 2012
just get out of my life...gi pul an nako nimo..P
laughing at my jack russell he just scared himself awake.
no way avs give Matt up
Oh hell.
Nookie's bagging on for doing her part to take down the yard of ale.
Bo Nook.
Weak.
Today is a wonderful day!!!
Curling my hair at 9 at night cuz im bored.lol.
RT : FYI: We are open until 10pm tonight!!
Just seen the Avengers with my mom, nina, and lil cuz...beast ass movie :
Relaxation rooms at the airport.
They are coming soon.
More info at 5 on
Aftershocks jolts Chile  Our thoughts and prayers are with you all!
If you need a dentist while visiting San Diego, please call us and we'll look into your toothache!
Take care!
I do.
: What's he think, since he's a dad?
Have you read it?
: awe sooowwy!
About nick today?
learning.
He wouldn't even get back to you.
Just act like you never even sent a msg.
So they wont help us.
So why help them?

you look trashy
This rain does not make being up this early easy
And you Tasha...
Please, be okay...
Feeling some emotions at this very moment after a day of getting my ass kicked: panic and disappointment.
No idea what I'm doing.
So glad!
She sounds a lot like my almost 4yo.
:
I've played that game many times before.
I love it but my wallet doesn't.
My dad thinks he's slick...
Death Cab For Cutie, Britney Spears Aren't The First To Sport LightUp Fashion
I'm happy I get to call YOU my boyfriend:
im serious november 23 is my bday
,why,i like your old one better hunneydo
Interviewing Sissy Spacek here in a few minutes.
Starpower in the building...
Why is there a man walking through my neighborhood with a Parrot on his shoulder?
What?
Respectful fight by Haley, had wide open shot at Campells's face after he went down but didn't swing
taco bell 3333
no that's tool much.
I'm be back n d boro by then
I need someone to go with me tomorrow...
Getting the outline for my sleeve done.
What are the successes of the past century that allow us to live longer lives?
Stupid?
Maybe, but she had never felt so alive.
But she couldn't share that, not yet, so she replied yeah.
ok so let's see..start putting a dollar for every bad word we will be millionaires lol
RandomThingsThatAnnoyMe any ad with 'Got ?' ...
how 'bout: Got Anything Original?
I think you will enjoy....you can also get his show in iTunes for free...I usually listen that way
.
work will investigate and support requirement to type on smartphone and walk at same time.
hcil brownbag
Just finished the Steve Jobs biography...a natural segue way to The Shallows What the Internet is Doing to our Brains
save the date: April 12.
Los Angeles.
Where are and ?
New ridiculousness: Print an email.
Walk over to my desk and set it down in front of me.
Tell me to read it.
Really!?
they can cancel classes, but to mess with the temple of productivity makes it impossible to be a real person.
Flying back to Oregon tomorrow for a busy week and my first interview in over a year, speaking out!
STAY TUNED!
Labor Day Weekend is here!
The party is kickin' off tonight at The Fly...who's ready!?
jealous of you  ..
Give him some dap for me
I'm sad to inform all you stylers that harry is taken by a model named emma osley
Congratulations, Andoctorw :
: Thanks for great convo!
no, i dont.
but I will!
2nd period has started...
I'm not going to vegas tho.
And when I was going I was going with Tray to see his mom but military happens
Birth control pills work on gorillas lol?
mister Kramer: I've been a fan since your role on Roseanne.
You are an exceptional and versatile actor.
Best wishes always.
im bout to move to the moon
Ordering Some House Slippers...
They Look Comfy
Keep your readin' eyes and holes peeled: Brock is scratching out a retrospective on the world's strongest humans called Muscle Memories
Thanks Dawn!
IMMORTAL FLASH MOB REHEARSAL HAPPENING NOW AT HYPE STUDIOS IN TORRANCE 122pm
Can't sleep!
Hmm.
Urgent voicemail from the bank.
I called back, and they said, Oh, you could have just disregarded that voicemail!
facepalm
I'm doctornk in Utah.
What's good?
Ever been doctornk in Utah?
It's strange here
Happiness is getting a haircut that is a little to short that has now grown in just right.
call me maybe.
The Only Way I Fail is If I Give Up..
Growing old is a must, Growing up is optional I C!!
Maybe SIX things we learned on this Ravens Christmas Eve??
Chillin at this point ...
I hate how I was just getting over you  bam!!
There u go making me fall for u again 
If I am ever certified as insane, I'm going to blame Andoctorw's current obsession with the animaniacs
Currently watching WVU USF game on MASN.
The USF tubas are always audible and characteristically goofy.
Thanks bro!
RT : I got a shoulder for u sis RT : Feel like I need to cry.
By the way, Will's improv 401 class who I just watched at , pretty funny, you funny people.
Justin biebers concerts this weekend in Texas were off the chain
RIP, doctorwned phone.
Welcome, brand new phone!
Blessings for my 1st pick the past 2 seasons on signing an extension.
Really one of the most exciting players in the league
Black Pride was essential in our fight for social equality.
However, our economic equivalent will come only through, repeated Black Support!
How beautiful is today?
LoL my old crush wants to be friends with me on Facebook:
sounds good just keep me posted ; can go to star or somewhere up here.
It was a tough weekend with the Seahawks loss in the playoffs.
I am slowly recovering.
.
.
My computer is acting up idk why
I cannot get over how gorgeous it is outside!
I need to be sipping some beverages outside 
Woot we love when you come by!!
Cheers RT : coming your way with for Happy Happy Hr!
Work is a beauty of life.
Looking 4 partner 2 be ontheground organizer of Taste and Tweets.
Want to partner?
www.TasteTweet.com/MarketDirector.htm Plz RT
is writing crazy writing like crazy.
haha what a friendly fish
I was playing on you typing 'mist' instead of 'must', but yeah I thought it was a great interview.
Always liked Oden.
did not I told him we was clowning lol my bad yo
NaLee2010.com check it out ebooks are only .99
someone come and watch Adventure Time with meh
I love you too bestfriend:
your brain was working, it was just 99 text twist 1 everything else
Hit dat bitch with the gud ol
Our show is tomorrow night on Citywide Blackout from 68p unregularradio.com.
Feat:Boston and Bosco.
Let's talk about all things rock!!!
CHARGING!!!!
And a 3pg dagger before that.
Oh my
You right abt that, im sorry :
WE HAVE NO SENSE FOR EMPTY TIME
don't worry Nate he is just a loser
the only reason you're living here is because me  my dad decided your mom was really hot  that we should both bang her.
If I had really killed myself after that last tweet, you would be sad but also impressed at how hilarious of a suicide note that was
Hey I didn't know you worked for yourself.
That's pretty cool.
That's what I want to do.
REALLY need to get out and do stuff  but I need a BOAT to get to my car!!!
UNBELIEVABLE DOWNPOUR HERE IN THE VALLEY!!!
d'oh!
I never responded to your SMS.
My bad :
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
ah nice!
uk knows what's up.
Guess where I ate dinner last night?
DELICIOUS!
I don't always doctornk Microbrews, but when I do I prefer Great White  Racer 5
One time I had a doctoram that I was dancing.
I was about to do a combination.
5, 6, 7, 8...
I started dancing in bed, but then I woke up.
Shout Out to our newest west side restaurant.
Please Follow one of the best and oldest italian restaurants in
7 servings of this provides high quality antioxidants, plenty of highquality protein, vitamins and minerals; dietary fiber; dairy and...
Just observation at this point, but I just posted the new paper on academic.edu which has a bit
Watching Whitney Houston funeral service..
I bet people feelins be hurt when they say Goodmornin to someone n that person don't say it back but still tweetin!
Chimpanzee was awesome!
The world is such an amazing place.
thanks for your help.
Good luck on your adventure.
I can't wait to hear more.
if thats the case, you will freak out when you try the
welcome to the twitterverse.
Join CoAuthor of Success On God's Terms Gerald D.
Rogers right now the Manhood Tour in the ATL 1950 highway 85 Jonesboro, Ga
People in the 1970s were unwilling to pay 2 cents more for dolphinsafe tuna.
Kevin Starr, socap11.
Has the world changed?
Perhaps that we're not in the same diocese is a good thing for the creative balance of the universe.
looking forward to a visit from youth today interested in the mission of !
Really enjoyed the show, but concerned.
How thirsty were you guys!?
I lost my star :
You still have the tix to SeattleBeta?
Are they transferable?
Not asking for me, it's for a couple of friends.
:
Are you on
Ready to learn all about bookmaking!
A nice crafty break from all the recent writing and research.
U ARE GREAT ONLY IF YOU'RE DETERMINED TO BE SO!!!
DETERMINATION LIES IN ONES HEART!
Who would have ever thought that we'd be reflecting on bullshit
The older I get, the less likely I am to keep my mouth shut about things that bother me
Karen Head  Nirmal Trivedi just received Georgia Tech Awards for exceptional response rates and outstanding scores on student evaluations.
Hello new followers and customers!
So glad to have the support!
Thank you!
The Current Analysis EC12 Wrapup  Brett Shockley, Avaya Had 4 issues Presence, Consumerization, Video and Speeding up adoption.
Casey said I skirted.
No pun intended!
Not too much, a lot of writing and we just played the Fearless Friend's tour last night.
And yeah i just now saw it!
So sick:
video killed the radio demidog ?
.
change is good....embrace it!
lol.
Yeah, focus on school!
:
fierce baby!
ALL THE TIME!
ROAAAARRRR!!
Who is the best candidate for healthcare issues!
Does anyone know why is moving to Miami for?
DailyHookahTip127: If you don't have a way to stabilize your hookah at parties, put it in a bucket filled with ice on top.Cool and safe.
RT Our George Lopez Celeb Golf Tournament was a major success.
Thanks to all of our amazing sponsors!!
I really should've signed up the fan cave I watch a lot of baseball lol
first the hilarious videos, now this!!!!
:D RT : Big shout out to 600!
Keep it up!
Forget paid internships  in your doctorams collegegraduates.
And you better know how to make coffee:
In The Mall Wit KIL Bitch
doctorss.
No Tights!
hello sunny  85!
Sweet site let me know how I can help get the word out.
you can transform a company into a contact under other actions on contact detail page
Books, books, the magical fruit, the more you read, the more you are awesome.
Reading Jessica James' civil war novel, Shades Of Gray.
Impressive writer!!!
Took my little one and she enjoyed it...and I didn't fall asleep.
You'll have fun!
Our city knows you guys gave it your all and that's all we can ask.
Respect.
Thanks for being a Raven.
When I watch Walking Dead I feel like an angry zombie who wants to eat everyone on the show.
Maybe this is the point of it?
I am looking for Artists to feature in my gallery.
Are you a toy artist?
Do it, lots of wonderful things happening in downtown LV  look forward to seeing you!
I'm so desperate I need Roc royal to follow asap
Great coverage so far.
Hope they keep it up.
Hats off to
The first 5 days after a weekend are rough, but I'll make it.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
ok had to leave occupywallst protest but I hope my tweets helped.
Power to the people!
Oh man, I've had the urge for the past 2 years to, but something always crops up.
Then I get annoyed cos it feels like an excuse!
The website design is a fail because Godaddy's site builder doesn't work on a Mac.
They might have mentioned that.....
Love Chopped!
RT : Cooking dinner with Chopped on in the background.
I find myself rushing to beat the clock.
I'll definitely have to check it out!
Is listing free?
someone should be the underwear glitter bomber.
are you modeling??
so, an semi midget according to your bio, eh?
:
Productive Sunday!
Checking out an apartment this afternoon, getting some work done for Jockey, and then off to support !
A tank has one purpose, but software tech has many.
This changes the acquisition model for governments, and prob companies, too.
How about Robinson over Thomas
how he wears only a blanket on the plane.
you've been playing for like 6 hours lol
sorry I got hacked
with your attitude, i'm surprised you actually have friends
Should you see me wandering around talking to myself in public today, worry not.
I'm just chanting.
...take dollar out of a rich person's pocket, it crashes the economy?
I need to go on a vacation:
Fantastic article on being a dad and an actor in LA from today.
Follow him and check it out.
I want you.
I want you so bad.
I know, it's so terribly sad
Studying abroad this summer or fall?
We're looking for bloggers!
If you're interested, please let us know!
lol people these days
iv been chilling i only go out like once a month where you be going out let me know
Thank you, my dear!!
: I'm very chuffed for SECRETS and Miranda!
xoxo
of course I follow : 
Omgomg sophia and rosie are gonna sing on ellen again: love those little cuties
thanks man..which song?
Sailing...and does visiting lobster roll shacks count?
it the show
lol maybe on that topic
HI evryone please take a moment and check out my website www.createmoneyweb.com
what do you mean lies?
then you have every right to call him a wanker, no?
As my boy put it, you're either a BUM or a BOSS.
BOSS it is for me.
Uh, we're looking at the forecast and it's not looking really pretty for racing ...
big storm cell moving in from southern Indiana.
With no ads, who would pay for the media?
The good fairy?
Samuel Thurm
Hugs swept first place at the 2012 Stevenson MAP Film Festival!
JO
Speakers: We know we have problems with women in power when the lead story of the day is H.
Clinton not wearing makeup.
Huge turnout at WakeGOP convention tonight.
PATIENCE!
it's a virtue!
...a stupid one RT come on with the announcement already, !
the anticipation is torment!
At ORD, waiting for challenge week 2011 to begin.
And milkshakes in Cincy...
Is that tickertape or batthroom tissue that just flew by our windows???
March 25th!!!
You don't wanna miss, not only the SHOW but the 2 party right after with and
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH3!
FOLLOW HIM!
well i am a person.
But the bar is a bar lol.
Kevin!
I'm am so jealous of you!
: I love them!!
Lucky you :D
Remember the irony of them hawking social web/smart devices while none of us could get on overloaded Wifi last year?
i have testing in the morning, but i'm WIDE AWAKE .
FML
I'm gonna need Starbucks tomorrow.
Venti Iced Vanilla Latte w/ light ice here I come.
I just don't even know what to think anymore.
Testing out an obstacle course!
gotta make some money somehow :
Im such a student in her world!
Library  personal digital library.
Jeffrey demonstrating how you can easily scan in physical books' barcodes....
thank you lord for another beautiful day
Jersey Shore premiere was also the most watched cable program of 2010.
Suck on that Mad Men.
Love it!
Good luck with the car.
3
I think my paper fried my brain..
I have nothing constructive or remotely intelligent to say about community needs analysis.
ND putting it on them dang!
show me
lmao, yeah all the time.
I'm watchin Sherlock Holmes on PBS
I'll go if u can find a brown wig and heels that fit me lol
it's normal to go through this rage...
try to stay constructive.
:
Haha, yeah I love projects that make the internet a little more fun and a little less business.
I just know that when my mom gets back I'm gonna fuck her up
haha!
You are so very welcome!!
: thank you for being so cool and having them!!
Forced RT: My question of the day: will fast will follow me on Twitter?
well he can doctoram.
Yes.
It means if we average 20 points a week we stand a chance of catching up in a mere 38 weeks.
Trivia math!
If tht doctoram ever happened im real life., I'd kill someone
Watching a rocket land.
Who Says
Are you going to become a fan?
They have your colors and now you live out there!
Let's Go Cardinals!
for the next hour i don't care about anything but How I Met Your Mother
So does Abby Lee show these girls the steps?
I mean, she's so fat...
hahaha my mother
oh the phone calls we must make.
teambreezy forever on mi mind at all times
Looking forward to this MayweatherCotto fight.
GymPetPeeve when they're scoping you out curling or squatting or on the treadmill and trying to see how heavy/hard youre going...LOOK AWAY
Haha nah we're good.
We just moved in here in April.
But thanks!
The world these days
I hope so.
RT : PM will be Broncos today...can't wait!!!
Olive Garden Feast Fest!
.
Buying Cheap Wolverine Men39;s Raider 6quot; Contour Welt Boot ...
Oh Melo I'm not a fan of NY but you are one gorgeous man...please beat the heat
I'd be happy if anyone was willing to study for my last two finals for me Takers?
I should be working but instead I am flooding everyones twitter feeds with absolute nonsense.
One day I will have something important to say
Fill in the blank: My favorite menu item from Jimmy's is , because it tastes like .
Do you have a campaign office in Nevada?
towel under the door, we wasn't even suppose to smoke
I normally don't do politics, but...
Is the 2party system really a good idea?
Or the cause of our political problems?
For those of you that don't know me: I'm Taylor's amazing younger sister.
FTW!
Haha.
Last time I was at a concert, it wasn't that known of a band and it was more than a decade ago!
Going to see thegrey!
: Has anyone seen it yet?
love that!
Best perk of AM workouts is that I feel like my brain is firing on all cylinders once I get to my desk.
haha that's funny and I totally missed it!
what r u doin today ?
Very fair and important distinction, but still an unethical use of authority/influence for sexual purposes.
Had fun last night at my party .
Was a little fucked up
cause your hot...
Girls that love Austin, Justin, and one direction LOVE hot guys on twitter...LOL
Cool.
You got tickets?
Are you going w/Zamora?
Been busy trying to write LOL where have you been Bon!?
:
You too Trelly God bless
Jayde and Ed help out Alexa on BLOWN OFF in just a minute!
...and I'm still not ready to eat food.
Thanks, Thanksgiving for making me bloated and just too full.
that is one call I wish I could take.
I need a light at the end if the tunnel!
Sorry to hear you're in a rough patch as well.
follow back ??
Just realized that I no longer have anything to read during my commute to and from work anymore.
Spay or Neuter?
Yes Home that eveningout patient for your dog or cat.
sincewebeinghonest Jason Terry that was a bitch ass move you did!!!
And sincewebeinghonest We still going to win!!!
Brenda Just taught a brief Cinahl Class to a group of nurses.
oh you flatter!
But thank you :
I am spending 21st BDAY on Wednesday doctorving 8 hours to see u vs.
Bucks in Milwaukee!
Possible to meet u?
Your my all time MVP!
Starting today with the noisy Breville Juice Fountain to payback my neighbors for using a power saw during NFL Sunday.
lol just lost a follower.
byebye
I am in sore throat hell.
Again.
Fuck!
Virtual travel abroad ejournal.
Constructivist/experiential/collaborative.
Weekly assignment essential.
well let's def.
talk, then.
I don't normally do New Year's resolutions but this seems like a good one: be more courageous.
I sort of love the sound of Russian.
Serious business.
oh you talking bout when bitches lick up water
yes definitely!
Annoyed to pull out my Fleischman's yeast and see that it's stamped Bake for the Cure.
No longer pleased to be supporting
Busy is good, indeed, and am glad it is helping you.
Using anything save for a brush is most groovus.
:
if 90 percent of your tweets are arguing with celebs/famous personalities trying to get noticed, just stop.
Next week our Village Glen HS Seniors will participate in the senior trips.
Exciting activities  community service are planned.
RT : Another domino falls in the CleanHouseMission2012 so yall gettin what yall wanted.
A record breaking 10yr run but...
Need another reason to doctornk at Burnhearts tomorrow night?
Yum Yum will be parking outside w/ falafel  more!
Good beer  good food!
7pm
YAY SNUGGLE TIME :
I want my don's voice to be a cross between Darth Vader and Mufasa.
Say hello to sabram!
i would really appreciate it if boo bear or haz would tweet right now.
thanks
Fcckkkkk...
Been taking tragos ever since got to BOMBAY RANCH.
it looks nasty outside and people wonder why i have been lazy the past couple hours
Uh, that wasn't me because I totally already knew that!
Your welcome....RT : kobe tried to tell y'all.
clippers playing together.
Kobe playing bye him self
hey u
It's fantastic!
The books are better, of course, but it's a great adaptation.
I highly recommend it.
its all good girl haha
any numbers thanks
what do you want to do tonight?
Fyi we may need to go out hard tmw : so maybe low key tonight?
gonna go eat lunch.
tweet ya later
never mind, is shutting down
you little whores lol
I am so down!
You tell me when
I absolutely HATE doctormatic people
Didn't sleep well!
Factor XI Deficiency and Obstetrical Anesthesia  Anesthesiologie ...
Twitter is still kind of fun, though, so maybe I will come back for a while.
feet so soft.
I think he slick be gettin pedicures.
BOL.

We are making friends, and collecting partners.
We are feeling very optimistic!
RT : Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
we all know, lazy bum.x
I just had a coherent phone conversation which means I'm not buzzed enough...
the rest of the crew has no clue what we have to put up with.....
Then why do people put cucumber slices on their eyes?
Science without religion is lame.
Religion without science is blind.
I don't know!
lmao.
xD And aw
um doctornky doctornks in our near future, please?
Ain't Austin a piece of work???
Rewatching Alist NY with my boo...
It's warm.
: teamDerek
The weather in PDX today is lovely.
Couldn't have asked for a better start to my weekend!
I lost followers: But all of my friends on Twitter moved to Tumblr....
Man come back to Twitter3
I'll keep that in mind!
Thanks for the suggestions.
is gonna lose :
seen Josh Hamilton lately??
crushing it.

I'm working ICE get ready
Thanks for the follow Maestro Blake.
If you could pick one instrument...what would it be?
Schedule your next teeth cleaning at Studio B Smiles!
Let's learn from each other!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/01/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Why would you even be on the phone coughing up phlegm?
That is so disgusting
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Being that I'm leaving for Russia in less than 2 weeks, I better get my butt in gear and start getting ready
The end of this week...
hey Ms punk
RT : We make a point of letting our students know how we find cool stuff on twitter FABULOUS
: Why are you up so early?
It didn't smell like a PayDay!
But I think it was a special Valentine's gift.
If Obama had cut off a classmate's hair, he'd get pegged the gangbanging pimp socialist Muslim, not just the socialist Muslim.
Is spring cleaning the office.
I'm not even sure I consider myself a gamer in the same sense that I'm a book reader and film/TV viewer.
Maybe I should...
new goal  make my apartment cool enough to be featured on apartment therapy's small cool
Admiral Mullen: shout out to employers of Guard and Reserve.
We would be no where without the Guard and
when is tgat?
dig common's beard grammys and glad that he's giving props to gil scottheron
Just remember IMMA ALWAYS BE ABLE TO REPLACE YOU
FNO after party at Diva with special guest DJ Vicki Wang tonight 9pm!
Complimentary Hors'duerves will be served.
RT James Marcelin looking spiffy in his Haitian kit.
sbn.to/mXZvwx
RT : loving my first 10 minutes!
YaY : SO FUN and infopacked.
Glad to have you here!
who died?
is my Beantown dwelling brother  check his blog for the skinny on local beats and eats
Tis the season to give.
Get 5 off mattress when you donate 10 to
lame ass
Whatever.
Not even gunna stress this.
I am not in the position to stress right now..
Woosah.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Wish me luck
This is great!
RT : It smells like apple cinnamon Jamison shots in my office and I was not at last night!
whenever i see you up on your bed i cant help thinking that i want to punch you in the head
: Paris Hilton should make a sex tape with 2 black guys and call it NIGGAS IN PARIS!.
ROTFLMFAO
What kinda happy ending are we talking about here, lol
pizza pizza pizza
Must be terrible parents
I agree there are issues with govtfunded higher ed in the US; offer a counterproposal?
that would be the best collaboration ever, ever...
Idk who's more excited about tonight the fans or the stars of the show
oh hush up
I was actually able to say 'bow ties are cool' today.
Not often you can quote doctorwho quote IRL
I was just getting used to owls/legends highlights
I hope so too.
I would say to lighten up but that tact was discredited by a flair of false dilemma.
Do you still have that billboard on hwy 16 with a car crashing into it?
well there is is there.
just like that!
Any tips on running JBossAS7 on Fedora 16?
JBOSSHOME is set but getting ModuleNotFoundException.
No probs getting it running on Windows 7.
thanks for the follow!
stack jack
I love my president.
I want him for 4 more years.
Can we make that happen?
Thanks
Simplify, organize, and thank God for each and every blessing RT What's your New Year's resolution?
I cannot wait to hear about this
Thanks, Dennis!
The pleasure is mine!!
OMG yes.
I'm pretty much broke now.
But that's okay, I just won't eat for...the month of June
to honor with the 2012 Service to America Leadership Award
Thank you to Corpus Christi Tots and Teens for hosting a FABULOUS site visit!
It's great to see the enthusiasm!
I mean seriously, now everyone knows their business SMH
Also thanks to for the live tweets!
Good burger 
This RIP Insert Celebrity Name Here thing is getting old fast.
Whats Your Lip Style?
here some great information for woman with small medium and large lips read more www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
yeah..
Me and Santana almost died.
;
aww pewpew!
I was distracting your boy with texts while you were spending QT together.
we need more of that!
damn it I suck at responding.
I think Wednesday is only night this week Megan and I have home time.
How things going?
HaHahaha!!!
Santana on Glee is freaking HILARIOUS!3 its okay if Rachel wants a big beak.
The wifi in my house is terrible.
I'm sticking with the HeatPavers  Spurs game until I fall asleep.
Did I forget to mention I'm no longer on probation  this will be a glorious summer.
is this true
I actually was able to finish in 6hrs.
Normally it takes a week.
I finished before anyone.
Teacher says she is impressed!!
screamsinging along to i love life
Just now starting to hit me that I'll be leaving Oxford in 2 days....
If only I could do a thousand things  one time, but I would rather just do one thing well.
I have a lot to do.
RT My momma said don't b afraid 2 shit on all these niggas!
My Heart Will Go On!!
Yessir!
Big ups to you guys!
See you at D'mongo's on the 18th?
I wanna travel to Paris
Insane  now live tweeting a BRAIN SURGERY.
Amazing what Social Media can enable.
You're probably gonna have to have two meetings.
Business in the front, party in the back!
Sorry, I can't be grownup enough for everyone.
You all have to grow up too.
Favre needs to shut his trap!
The textual anxiety of writing for an audience of editors.
cc
My heart skips a beat w/ every new tweet on my timeline.
No matter what job we have we are all the CEO of ourselves.
thanks for understanding.
Haha
I wanna go go dance like so bad someone help me?
I will miss all the amazing talent the Colts let go this year, but I'm thrilled is still our punter.
He's my fave anyway :
Who enjoyed the beautiful weather this weekend!?!
4BetterOr4Worse is a kick ass band RT this plz all over the Twitter Universe :
Peppers In Broad Ripple Saturday Night!!!!
Be There!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm Too much to handle!
Nothing, about to watch, Because I Said So.
Trying to sleep too.
Even me ?
RT : I don't like any of you.
well they had to do this instant elimination thing...
And got it SO wrong
orange slice is most definitely obligatory.
no other citrus will do!
Doc appointment .....
Job looking ...
Dinner .....
me sorry remjob.
We didn't even get to go in anyways.
I 3 you
must be bringing us all together.
That newspaper is old news.
PCL with Jay...
This hoe packed
yea that's what I thought, I hope they do offer, I believe he really wants 2 be a wildcat!!
i want ajax.
I'm just now seeing what you said.
Shows how much I use twitter besides my articles.
Justin was adorable on Ellen today!
Great game, yesterday.
What's it like competing for both the number 1 team in NCAA D1 BBall and teamnosleep?
Updated Company Info and Awards on Facebook.
Take a look.
Already obsessing about who's gonna win xfactor tonight!!!!!
I can't stand it!
better win!!!!
A family of 4 missing and 2 are still missing.
Murdering women and childoctorn in the US has been on the
that would be some nice bling for sure.

Don't forget the sunscreen.
Her voice is flawless.
Yes!
I would go to school for MadMen studies!
I think I could write a whole thesis comparing and contrasting Peggy and Joan.
Mayweather vs.
Pacquiao let's make it happen already
You have a gift coming thank you so much for all your help
Monday the teacher blindfolded us and today he told us our class was in a plane crash and we had to figure out how to survive
Got the internship!!!!
Yes we are definitely kickin it today
Can't stop being sick...
:
Rescue wildlife in 'Animal Kingdom'  USA TODAY
Just curious.
Who thinks we should release one more song before the Ep comes out?
Or just have three brand new songs for the Ep:
RIP: Catholic Citizens of Illinois founder, Chicago legend Tom Roeser.
Condolences from this softasacupcake knownothing relativist.
Technology for Education just added saynplay to its product line Hooray!!!!
www.tfeinc.com
You should have a MG ;D
Not just trying to be a grumpy M's fan but has to be Wilhelmsen going to wrong base, throwing away.
Though, pitcher.
When girls help you n shit  Lmao I'm stupid Haha
how can u watch hockey its terrible
I would watch the jackass movies just to see him
your whole head?
For the record, we'll be rolling a D20 to determine the playing order.
Hope everyone has a lovely stretchy pants day!
Nice Ad last night  big time!
Me too  adorable.
Bittersweet this year, though.
can't in maxwell class you should go get me something and bring it here
Not feeling very successful right now ...maybe some Ben  Jerry's will help me see the light
NOTHING JUST SICK OF MEMPHIS
dm i will tell you about my doctoram
Projectbased learning is the hook once the student is already interested in the content
You r the best !
Does anyone know of useful resources out there for private money investors?
LE GASP dude, I've been there like five times, I found stuff to do xD
I just met your dad Dylan
Only treasures and Chairman are registered because they fiduciary responsibility.
i'm starting dance classes!
Can i have a good luck?
Fast Company launching a new website CoExist to demonstrate how to impact the earth lightly
sure thing  price tag is a little staggering :
Is it just me or are all the employees in Thom Tillis' office bangin' all the lobbyists in Raleigh y'all?
Klout believes I am influential on Seafood, Pasta, and Moms.
Eerily accurate, Klout is.
Thank you and happy year !
I swear, allergies are going to be the death of me!
I could eat you up, I love you so: : Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
XOXORT : Happiness!!!
:D ...
Nothing special going on, but I'm happy!
:
I can only fishtail part of my hair..
Not all of it :
Happy MusicMonday!
Tag us with your favorite local/regional bands and we'll mail out a free DDE wristband!
fumbling idiots today..u gotta be happy about that!
Have a great day my Love!
Xoxoxo mister Grouch
Standing Sideways on the plane.
Thanks
Have you joined the Motorama LIVE discussion yet?
Join us from 911pm EST tonight and every Wednesday.
1,000 dollar reward on any information leading to the person or people who stole from the Creek yesterday.
I'm happy to read that there are other USPS enthusiasts out there.
Was that a coincidence?
ilikeditthough :
wishes much success  good wishes to colleagues dancing and it's organizers
good morning, Jon!
We are excited!
Thank you for the mention!
Dec 22 2012 is Eday the Birthday party for planet earth.
we need to hang out!
i hope you know most of us voted our hearts out for you, win or loose, we'll always be here.
:
it's so good here!
Startups are about sacrifices.
Every time, babe, every time!
really sending a telemarketing tweet for someone who died.
SDiego Collaborative Law will cost moreFACT.JAMS Thomas Ashworth will make sure of it.Lori Love/Stephen Doyne use childoctorn for .
win.
i creep tweet
Eyes puttin up a fight well hell they win goodnight niggas
espn needs to chill with calling Blake Griffin a superstar...
cmon man.
RT Name an actor who could play my younger brother.
Mo Diaby
That's a good idea.
I've been wanting to play with some nonvideo game designing myself.
For you all at ..show a valid student ID and used code RDGRAD for unlimited 50 tickets for
Art History Lovers...is there anyone more lovely to read than EH Gombrich?
Just As I Promised 4 New Songs Off My New CD The Intro Check Em Out, Tell The World What You Think  BAM!!!
yoYO Misfittoy m'friend n pal0mine..
tech9iner here from his biz twitter acct..
keep'n tags on ya for FBI professort someday!
LOL;
At her Moms House
Just played Westminster High in with Symphony Crack!!
It's always inspiring playing with , and
Happy mother's day

you guys have any good conferences on the radar besides the obvious ones?
I'm compiling a list for everyone at work.
thx
BTW what's not to love about sigh
Hit me wit an e mail to send beats to you at
still reading The Expats by Chris Pavone  really enjoying it!
Despite this gloomy weather Im going recreate my current environment with all the color and goodness God has created!
exactly but they hit me with the bible man is the head of the housebanter.I showed respect to their beliefs but disagreed
don't tell me you love me when I'm mad at you :/
Cinco de Mayo celebrates Mexicans defeating the French.
Seis de Mayo celebrates Tequila defeating dumb ass Americans
The online program for Beyond Borders: San Diego 2012 is almost finished and will be available by Monday.
Thanks!
did you see CashCab!
Good times Fri w  c U guys soon
yes, I'll be there my friend
ok if u have a facebook.
go to your fb,check your invites and click that u are going to the MissRedandBlackPageant tickets on sale now!
Ouch.
But you'd think a pro body would be highly serviceable, so maybe it'll be minor?
Random man on the bus gave me an awesome compliment and didn't press me for a numbermaybe chivalry ain't dead!
:
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can  there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
All I want right now is a breakfast sandwich from dunks
on another note Big Joe Blanton is pitching a good game for the
At the Women for Women event.
Some really great workshops all day followed by an awards ceremony honoring inspiring ROC women!
We miss you guys too!
I hope all is going well for you and !
What do you love about owning your own business?
TylerMeehan: stillblazingtho walking 5 miles on a state road at 10pm for a buy one get one free big mac.
plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me
Ikr?
:' and thank you so much sist hug
hope that question isn't too stupid...
Not all money is good
The 5th Inning will soon be going into paperback.
A good book to use in memoir workshop.
Order from Amazon or PM Press.
do you want to make up the earth test tomorrow after school?
On the road again?
WSJ NEWS ALERT: U.S.
Economy Added 200,000 Jobs in December; Unemployment Rate Slipped to 8.5
Dinner at Six Feet Under with my King and his bother.
Forgot how good James Morrison was.
I feel so secure when I leave Twitter open as I do my homework, it makes me feel less lonely lol.
Is that just me?
Small fire at Belmont Race Track in barn 22.
Fire was contained in office area and sprinkler system put out the fire.
No injuries to horses.
How does that suck?
I'm moving there immediately.
Maybe they can even provide me with a ranch doctorssing hose...
the something else is my creative mind thinking or new ideas/ventures :
Hahaha!
Me too 
You know, some of us have to wait another three hours until we get to see it.
take me for who i am.
if you dont like me it doesnt give you the right to make fun of me cause im a mexican.
think before you say somthing.
well played, well played indeed.
RULES  answer Trivia question posted at 10pm EST  follow  we will chose the WINNER at 10:45pm EST
awe..I have adopted new favorite Republicans :.
Adam Gordon quoting Emerson's amusingly precise calculation of what small proportion of human print one can read in a lifetime
S/O to John Lucas I for being ready when your number is called, that's what a pro does!!!
Aw thank you 
You wrote an intro?!
We finally Made it to 100 views on our youtube Video Whatcha Say !!!and almost 200 on Somthing Is Missing Check us Out !
:
Okayy sure well talk tomorrow
Good bye and good night sleep and tomorrow I have I bored hahha school wing
fantastic social media insights.
Establish and maintain authentic relationships where your customers are.
Whatever happens happens.
i want You to have first look
I just love when guys diss because it shows how much there jealous of him 3
I'm all about the flare!
And all my friends better be sportin' a Tech SIG sticker!
How are u
Amazing cover!
hope it's out today!
Seems like a really cool edition.
Good News For Megan Fox: Less Painful Tattoo Removal Procedure Hits Hollywood  Hollywood Reporter
watching tv tweeting
Damn it!
Ruined part of the first part of the series finale of Desperate Housewives.
So pissed.
I'd like to promote National Don't Use Your Stupid Cell Phone In A Store Day.
Week.
Month.
Year.
I don't like Mandie.
Yes I'm actually jealous.
But everyone is saying she was really rude, SHE asked them to pick her...
wtf.
js my opinion
This concludes a day of uwethics...
apologies for blowing up all your Twitter feeds, I hope you found some of it slightly interesting!
Wicked excited to go see the A Day in Pompeii exhibit at the today!
R.I.P.
Lee Roy Selmon
what you on tonite
that just blew my mind
Lyman and Fiona work to discover the family history of the bird in ABirdoftheAir.
Have you ever explored your genealogy ?
Carrier is 6'3 240 pounds  ran a 4.49 40yard dash, 40inch vertical jump  did a threecone run in 6.69 seconds, which is off the charts.
It's been a hell of a night, what a beautiful life.
where are you in Phoenix .hope your having a great time here .
HEY!!!!!!
I change my name from XxHockeyChick19 to this : iLoveDJMalik1D
awh that sucks girl!!
Haha and you've never been here.
It sucks.
Wad up big cuz.
And s/o to the Mavs!
wow you have over 1000 followers already.
Congrats you deserve it cuz you're sweet :
Im taking no prisoners!!!
Im claiming today is going to be good!!
Make sure y'all tune in!!
RT : Off in This by VIDEO airing on MTV2 TOMORROW est..RT..RT
Aaron Rogers for Governor!
Interisland power cable bill clears Hawaii Senate
I always wait till I have nothing...I mean NOTHING left to eat...then I go to the store!
such a mayday parade mood
nothing can be more delicious than those chocolate Jesus Fishes
Spring Break!!!
The studio will be closed March 16th  March 24th.
Classes will resume March 25th.
Have a fun and relaxing break everyone!!!
7 top 25 teams still on the schedule.
4 of which are in the top 10.
More than any other team in the country.
i am the queen of making quentin uncomfortable.
well I go to QC lmao and no it was an accident ...
So critical
FF thanks for the follow back Mestre!
RN20 fallen eagles live forever, soaring above us and in our hearts
i see the roses in their cheeks and i know the message is received
If we want people to speak to us honestly, we must take responsibility to honestly listen.
Just tapped, Brewing Total Domination IPA
What's going on my y'all.
I'm bout to rise and grind, whats have y'all been up to.
exciting, will kathy griffin be involved?
that would be great
where is that from?
At first glance it looks like it has too much cocoa...so it's probably not even worth it
you're so cute 3
You just gonna serenade me on Twitter like that?
That could be interpreted as political stance in itself, haha.
That's awesome!
That deserves a winning too.
Sex and the City II, The Biggest night in Portland, Come celebrate it with US tonight at Society NightClub.
,
ok no problem
Today's going to be such a busy day !
R.I.P Spring Break .
Free my nigga Summer ,He'll be out in June
soo this guy...
we never really talk anymore, and i kinda miss talking to him:
I love so much 3
And they want to put a THIRD team in this market?
came into the dept this morning and effing barbara johnstone is giving a talk in our conference room!!!
we need better interdept commcns
.247 2nd half, true, but the slash marks weren't much different from those in 1st half.
.277 in Aug.
1 It's 1 month.
Everyone I use to talk to on here doesn't talk to me
Thanks bud u too RT : Happy Friday everyone!
Enjoy!!
xx
Thanks for following!!
This is a dance for all the lovers, taking a chance with one another.
Got doctorssed in a daze and just saw I chose all grey.
Hmm what does that say about my mood?
TUFLive is horrible.
Great fights but horrible format.
So much awkward silence.
You are welcome.
From Chong to KumarStoner Cinema Throughout the Years
was just gonna tweet that too.
You know it's good when d rose and noah can't crack the lineup
does Hamilton come back next year with the Bulls?
You don't follow in anyone's footsteps.
You make your own path.
Do the kids need to burn off a little energy on a rainy day?
ChickfilA at Arden Fair has an Indoor Playground!
No jobs today.
Well, except Pearson.
But they're always hiring.
So is Software Advice and some romance publisher in south Austin.
I'd probably be reading if my book wasn't all the way downstairs.
Let's go caps!
Then the Avengers...
AGAIN!
What's going on tonight
Excited for my first audition of 2012 today.
yup I love it lol
I guess have to was the wrong term.
Since they updated yesterday to include mobile info, seems like this would alsoupdate.
people were ATL at the A3cfestial.com real hiphop
39;Avengers39;: Joss Whedon fills the screen with heroes and humor
Anyone have an extra wristband for tonight's client appreciation party?
BBworld11 thanks!
I am so excited, you have no idea!
Sounds like a great Rockabilly Chili day for WMSE!
It always feels good being back home :
Hey Nathan; Congratulations on all your personal  professorssional accomplishments  Achievements!
looking good buddy; HNY 2012 DD
my dad : ha just playing, its lebanese, if that's what you're asking
Green Day
Keep it in your pants
Just got asked on the phone, Do you often get told you sound exactly like k.d.
lang?What a lovely compliment!
The theme of the night is anime and rap.
ThingsThatGetMeUpset People playing with my emotions..
haha awesome.
That was definitely us!
Yea were always doing rad stuff.
Glad it all worked out 
let's you catch me okay I should go and have a look sometime : we there yet
for a guy his size, that blog title could mean lot's of things...lol
4WordsYouDontWantToHear we need to talk.
Thanks for reaching out.
Follow me back and I'll DM you my contact info.
lmao chillout I look good as always mane
if you want to lose weight you have to get the myfitnesspal app its a lifesaver, have lost about 2530 lbs from it
I thought about a certain follower all day today.
I really miss them.
gah, the new mileage plus program has downgraded membership benefits.
Landed in Buenos Aires!
Unfortunately my luggage did not.
What rooftop bar is delightful tonight?
We're in River North and hosting colleagues.
Wish I could fast forward my time here at work.
All day long do it like Tony, fuck her friend then I pass her to the big homie back to it
And , I'm tired of being all alone .
And the solitary moment makes me want to come back home ..
Looking forward to getting back home and attending the Lincoln Day Dinner in Floyd County.
heh, you win.
Everybody going out of town this weekend  house to my self
Good afternoon everyone!!
So what's everyones thoughts on the lockout!
Do u think there will be a season??
I just ignore 2 calls
Allstar game is the real dunk contest!
Not true: If u gotta go to SUMMERSCHOOL this 2012 SUMMER you gone b missing out n u DUMB AF
If the team moves forward together, than success takes care of itself.
strong arm steady fam.
Design is an increasingly fundamental tool to make cities more competitive, attractive, liveable and efficient.
How about for Reno?
did the analysis once, concluded large swathes of SF  most of downtown would be fully covered if Starbucks had full power APs
Plans are nothing great, planning is everything.
WhyAreYou going to ignore planing?
damn, I'm proud of my rebuttal defending country music.
maybe thats why I wanna move to Nashville work around it
im lovin your new 'where have you been' track.
and a hole in the bag so he can sing to me, that's it.
Just 1 week left  get a FREE raffle ticket when you buy your 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction Flashes of Hope ticket before May 1st!
I do not want to be taught how to Dougie
Countdown!
Les than 500 followers till Miss reach the 16MillionBritneyArmy Teambritney RT
If you're not watching SNL you're missing a great show right now
Unreal.
But it seems a lot of people are doing it.
I'm modest  so I probably wouldn't be a good one to ask.
:
That's the RedSox I know!
You make it like this.
Press the shift button and the ; key, then the shift button and the 9 key.
Sheriff Joe must go  kicks off his campaign this weekend.
Message me for details!
The Food Court was just brutal!
did the NFL finalize a deal yet?
Lots of time b4 NBA needs to make a deal
Is it possible that Tim Tebow has encouraged more healthy discussion of faith than many radicals and evangelicals?
solid!
key to endurance for last 4 miles..
coupled with long runs and proper medium miles and you'll be there!
good luck
I hate when I forget to fastforward the commercials while watching TiVoed shows.
Yes Obama is still my guy.
But can't ignore how often he looks like a Republican doctoram come true: Immigration, Education  Foreign Policy.
yes, agreed.
I like her much better for you.
You have my blessing and approval, lol.
In Brooklyn today working at Sovereign Motor Cars Ltd.
Working with beautiful Mercedes Benz all day!
Thanks
Finally getting the team on board with social media...
great for team approach to multiple outlets.
What does your team use?
Spending the day working on making myself a better person!
I am game for a cocktail this week.
Game Like fame!
So why does Hamas use Civilians as human shields?
Just too many unemployed people out here for folks to not want to do their best at their jobs.
No matter how minute the task.
I read your blog In a Sense Lost Excellent advice for all artists.
Will write about it on FAR Blog!
Great piece.
I am in a strip club..
Not sure how I feel about that..
.
Note: is an early adopter of so we are especially excited about their achievements!
who wants to see The Kildares with me?
Anyone?
I get is cracking like a bad back
Sometimes you have to give up on your wish for the best and success in live!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Glad you liked the blog post!
Sometimes good is not enough.
I am detecting a lot of wind from Apopka, Deltona to New Smyrna Beach...any reports?
Happy birthday!
3
How was everything on Saturday?
Did you have a great NYE?
got some front row balcony spots for in Madison w/  misterfillmore!!!
yeeeeeewhooo!
Who's here?
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one
oh cool, thanks.
BY the way  had a great time chatting it up with the election inspectors  volunteers at those Greece polling places...
yeah but not for a few weeks.
hypercondoctora is a real condition my friend.
Upper traps are so flipping hard to ice!
Someone come section my grapefruit for me and snuggle!
Thought we had skool today
NOW Honky Tonk Life VACANTHOUSEBAND Canton,GA
I'm learning too
When she dance I throw her dollas
Only an apple fish can make apple caviar.
Can you get a Coors Light on the Southside?
congrats on your video premier on 106 and Park tomorrow!!!
Dude I'm still ready got that tour my bags are packed !!
more shows/dates: July 2nd in Chicago, July 16th in Ottawa Ontario Canada, July 19th in Omaha, NE, July 23rd in Chicago
ConfessionTime I don't get doctornk or smoke.
kid kid kid, go to church tomorrow
Have a great time at dinner!
like your new picture.
I must have been In my titaniumlined pedicurium, having my feet reskinned.
Very spotty wifi there.
Pizza salad at masa, so good
aaasmtg Nancy Baron says content is key.
Passion matters, too, says Cornelia Dean.
You wont build skyscraper without blueprint.
Your life doctoram is no different.
That shit you tryna do I did it yesterday ...
Great meeting you as well!
CC:
We do too!
RT : You bet!
I love farmers market season.
Ohh you're acting like obama is a hero, pleas continue to tell me how well our employment and tax rates are
Ready for some pucks and some beer!
I wonder if Florence  The Machine ever have to call Mike  The Mechanics.
Do me a favor...Save that shit..Bitch!!!!!
Excellent selection with Quatermass and the Pit!!
Definitely looking forward to this Cook Out wit the team
gonna rock my shirt tomorrow!
incaseyoudidntknow there is not a damn thing to watch on T.V right now
pshh in your doctorams;
dont worry this time tomorrow ssod will be raping hitler and his anschluss on the final.
All I want is your Respect
I'm thinking about getting it.
Is there a creator mode or is it only survival?
Alberta Darling looking forward to defeating etc.
whatever.
From home, right?
Not from Madison.
lololol!
That's adorable.
Thanks!
:D
awee, my BESTFRIEND was and still is so CUTE :D love ya 333
What is the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom?
A pitbull tastes delicious.
One of my supervisors resembles an oxicottoned mary kate or ashley....
Dear Elisabet.
I just read your 2002 article on Jane Roberts/ Seth.
Brilliant.
It's an honor to follow you
i remember following some people then i have to re foollow them.
tf twitter cmon
At CYFS breakfast, Dahlia Lithwick is entertaining us with Supreme Court talk.
Awesome crowd supporting a great organization.
I am now humming The Partridge Family.
And I second the Friday shout out!
It's people nitpicking about line changes and small crap like that.
hey sorry I forgot my twitter name on there my email is
YOU DO LIKE LOUIS.
Am I the only one that twoops??
Planet Tennis : has been doing all kinds of cool things w/video  the muse.Inspiration to get daily tracks going again.
Is it really Thursday already??
These short weeks throw me off!
Work hard today!
you'd think People love Jesus as much as they Loved Joe P?
no.
NCAA The real All Time Wins Coach is Eddie Robinson PSU did it 4self.
I sleep in your tshirt, wake up in your tshirt, still smell the scent of your cologne...
Nice pic!
TY for your hard work!
RT A few of my PDXBobcats helping restore a creek this past Sat.
: great seeing you tonight!!!
Here's to the next one!!
Woo too!!
Agreed!
After a short down period we have Roadshow up and running.
We also fixed the doctorp target on T2 so now lock the ball every time.
Whenever someone says oh my god slowly I just have to say becky look at her butt
Who the hell still uses fax machines???
Celebrity nude shots are becoming more and more common.
I think they are having a competition.
Just Checked out the Visa page.
They have a live Chat with Phelps tomorrow but don't tag him in post.
NBD it's not like he has over 5M fans
Wearing my Lakers shirt to school fwm Nuggets fans.
for my birthday I want to follow me but it will never happen ;c
The temps this week are gonna be awesome!
It's gonna feel like this past January!
First time on a carpetless Metro.
I dont know how to feel...
: RT:Asians on Charlie Angelspic Dynasty in reline also thanks miss.
As always ;
Owl City 
Lls You Stupid!
Heat player takes that foul its a flop.
Wow this GRUB place is freaking poppin
Want to party at Mirage FREE Tonight Text NFL to 804.245.9688
Like, Wade, Bron, ooze sexiness.
TD not so much.
He looks like a gas attendant.
RT U should give a campaign blossom to the CV Chamber for seeing thru antiworker rhetoric  voting to endorse no on G
Pretty cruel for someone who lives in a shack in the mountains.
To get rich never risk your health.
For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.
Richard Baker
Missing my other half...
Hi Cindy : What do you see in the 2012 New York Mets?
Now That'sa fat ass cat
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
thank u.
YAWN Okay time to go beddy bye!
Listening to track data flows
Austin means the world to me
What kind of feed do you mean?
Like one we host or simply just one we use/subscribe to?
I get out of work between 55:30 so I can make that however M works in Waconia so you might have to meet him another night.
Good question.
Grab one end and spin it around your head like a helicopter until the debris is all out, oh  don't rinse it!
Your communication strategy is not a commodity, the same way your brand is not a commodity.
got it in today.
damn tired.
alot of store cleanup, need to get on learning to repair monitors, can be dangerous CURRENT SON 
My hairs getting longish!
Had a 7th grader in my 5:30 am spin class this morning!
Love to see kids being so dedicated to work out while their young!
We've got a great Sunday Facebook fan  Twitter follower special lined up tomorrow.
Show us you are a fan/follower on your phone to collect!
planted my first round of kiwi seeds and ginger roots; tickled that I'm getting new plants from the produce aisle.
Ah thanks you!
I wanted to mention it in an upcoming session with education students
Music to be creative by  we set up Radio KTD on Pandora.
Check out our favorite tunes.
Thank you rockstar intern Victoria.
: Our Council President is pretty awesome.
trueleadership truereform classact cc:  He certainly is.
Theres no crown for the fisherman who caught you.
sorge texted me..
if could let Hajdin know too that would be great
Food babies make me a less lonely single puppy momma.
you've got that one thing..
lol melo looked like he was gonna knock him out.
and is it just me or is lebrons hair line receeding for real
reminds me of nyc pod hotel
LitQuote: Years that are gone seem like doctorams perhaps it is better to wake up...
than to remain a dupe to illusions all one's life.
OK.
I just believe the whole reaction in NY has been typical NY.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one for a shoutout please
saw your latest FB pic w the 4 Bettys.
Awesome!!!
We should collaborate?
You can be the official Vodka of
Had a fun weekend, life is moving fast and its not a bad thing
Got my hair did  pics coming soon!
me to!
I'm serious, it's a must.

thats what somebody wrote on my desk
Work was ruff, but tanning was relaxing
did you receive the most recent email?
Seriously this is the sickest I've been all year.
4 in the bank.
HUGE final due tomorrow.
Must move this weekend.
Crying.
Come to the show tonight!
It will be fun.
XO
I LOVE fearless people.
We won a little bit the last two nights using Ken Silver's system for Cash Five and Lotto Texas.
I adapted a 6/54 system for a 5/37 game.
A: I like to think of all of our employees as patient advocates.
Peter Bernard
I cant wait until July 3rd !!!
Today is my 16th birthday and I wish would notice me for once 3
here's to the kalin and myles fans who wanna be in their new video.
What's the big deal about same sex marriage?
It's LOVE, ain't it?
Let them live
hey sam
????.?????
GiveMeaBreak Ima Woman Scorn So U Say Love Me..But I'm Like F?ck Love...
Winding down from a nice day working outside and playing with the kids.
Beaut of a day in Seattle.
Its not the regime stop blaming Assad  look at NATO countries insurgents.
not rocket science.
Post link if it is public
You can't win this battle cuz I'm supa hot boy, sweatin in the shade cuz I'm supa hot boy!!
up close and personal is both fav and least fav.
Penned by joan didion...could have done w out bob redford tho
if any of you bully madison i swear you'll die tonight
Today in 1863 President Lincoln proclaimed November 26 as a national Thanksgiving Day, to be celebrated annually at the end of the month.
Unravel the mysteries of the APA citation style  today, 4PM in LTB 2153
i think i know the answer to this already but can anyone PLEASE take me up to see lost in kostko at the roxy on june 1st?
you'll have fun!
I hate when I'm laughing  my ass falls off.
Good vibes sent.
At the ER with my mother.
Send us some good vibes.
just spent the past four days exploring the city of Vancouver BC, and will spend the next week on Vancouver Island and Salt Spring Island.
I think I need to go to a Packers game with a sign that says Marry me B.J.?
Thx for following!
At the First Annual Charity Polo Classic, watching out for the steaming divits.
Great match!
Heading to Hong Kong and China for two weeks.
An adventure to be sure

No words can fully describe all the feelings i have for you.
I can tell you're excited for Heat Pacers
Tourists dont know where theyve been, travelers dont know where theyre going.
Paul Theroux
Can you honestly say you're happy with the person you see in the mirror ?
: When I see your face I think...
Man, I need to give your parents some condoms so THAT doesn't happen again.
mirror?
IwantSomebody that will love me forever no matter what I do wrong
I'm being reinstated as the official kids class instructor at work today, which means...
a double shift!
Gotta love weekends in retail.
Having to hide this from your best friends...
Vicky, what's yours?
Ready to relax
RT : We are so looking forward to it!
See you at 11:30pm, Room 1721!
The Stickers new record has been completed.
Watch for a late spring release date!
I feel disconnected from the world without an instagram
haha, okay.
You had me at acting classes.
Running errands
Red Rattles doctorp their new album 'City Dogs' tonight at the with Nashville's and Firetrucks!
9PM!
first day on twitter..
lets see wht the fuss about..
We put a gorilla on our front lawn to celebrate National Library Week.

you ready for some shots tonight?
I have a bottle of patron waiting for you tonight my friend!
Steampunk, what I understand, is what our world would basically look like if the steam engine was king.
That's the short answer.
Yup.
In a bar of Caps fans who said the last goal was cheap.
I yelled out shut up!!
Lol okay I'll start practicing my oneliners and monotone now.
Happy Mothers Day Mom3 I love you more than than anything!!
You're always there when I need you,  I couldn't ask for anyone better.
thanks Jim!
I hope you have a great weekend!
Any of my Milwaukee friends golfers?
Looking to get out for a few rounds or join a league.
Might be too late for leagues.
The second guy on your right seems particularly wideeyed as he adjusts his glasses.
How did he MISS that?
Grape soda.
So delish.
Good MORNING WORLD!
Time for me to catch up on national headlines!!!
What are you doing today???!!
I ran out of juice.
Crying.
My salt shaker looks like a Dalek!
easter is when you are supposed to spend time with family...
if you have one.
laying in bed all day
thank you, love you too 3
When my momma makes me some good pasta, with garlic bread : yumm
swimming would be so righteous right about now!
i tell her my dick cant breath so she give me CPR
Thanks, Dave.
I can't get through at all.
Does he need to be?
Plenty of dead weight to ditch.
The more you read the Bible the more you will love the author
breaking: youngest MN'n w/answering machine RT Rep says, My answering machine is full of prostadium voice messages
To what time?
Events DC should be ashamed of themselves for the condition of the pitch for the season opener.
Chris Gayle5 sixes in an over?
Thank GOODNESS Windies cricket moved on from such a poor excuse for a cricketer.
Chinese, Japanese, what are these?
Christmas tree's
FranciscoRevilla: Mobile phones have already started to replace the personal computer
For all you job seekers out there...pay attention!
Top Executive Recruiters Agree There Are Only Three True Job Interview Questions ...
So we're just straight wearing seethrough or lace tops over bras now, Brooklyn?
I'm...actually I'm fine with this and applaud your courage.
3 When I feel weak and unpretty I know I'm beautiful and strong Because, I see myself like my mother does.
3
gonna wax my name to Bariamis
I'm with you.
But I'd probably doctorw the line between would you like to table your cards?
and oh, here's what you're holding.
Twitter Twitter Twitter...What to tweet...
Aww my  isn't working!
Neither is my Alt3 to create the heart symbol!
Any Mac people have any suggestions?!
;
So pumped to be going to the home opener today!
RT : Taurus just as you are loyal and dependable, you are very possessive  jealous if your emotional security is threatened.
That happens some times :
yeah I know but it's hard Dime :/
Youll end up dating him :b
We won the gold medal!
Yee haw!
The doctoraded musical number.
You're welcome
UF Provost's office offers seed funding/release time to create open textbooks!
Ever notice how gentleman keep their vehicles spotless while others...don't?
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at..
Let it be written, so let it be done.
Garbage plates in the good ol' ROC with this June is totally on!
Pink floyd turned up in the rental.
Might blow the speakers!
People These Days,
I don't care hoe
AWE thats sweet
well played, mister parkview.
thanks for the RT.
is receiving 750K to expand healthcare for homeless and uninsured in
RT : We wish you could have been here for the Dalai Lama, amazing peace philosophy in action
Do kids toys become adult toys once you stick them up your butt?
3 at the buzzer.
Down only 4 points.
: RT : Nba is back?
Great news today.
I'm so happy for all our fans and all the people who work in and around the arenas.
Go mavs
Hello Jody, from Washington, DC.
Home of Barack, Michelle, Malia and Sasha!
You're number 1.
A4: I do have mentors and I have met all of them online through social media  some amazing women!
can i be your date to this dance?; hehe love you .
any word why no Braun?
Rest?
Hurt?
Feelings hurt by the boo's?
Frostbite from last night?
WOW blast from the past.
Bulletproof Scratch Hamsters  Bulletproof Space Travelers.
had em both
I can't get our new song out of my head.
looks like I won't know until Tues/Wed.
:
Will be out of town during the at doctort!
Such is it.
Inexplicably missing next verse, and they shall demand a hundoctord forms and find some excuse to refuse every request
Welcome to Cleveland Kyrie!!
RT : The shame of it is that ...
Mourdock, has been allowed to turn statesman into a dirty word.From HuffPost:...
Unless that advantage is clearly earned, which is why regular season scheduling must be the sport's top priority, hands down
Yes!
Its been too longRT : um Amy this where u can take me:
Have arrived in Jakarta for congress.
The team on the ground here is so impressive.
Going to be a great week!
Denver Nuggets on a 186 run!!
Playing well since catching the Grizzles.
Nice work!!
about to get a Nexus S Google phone, finally able to have a real smart phone...goodbye blackberry.
The Clippers Lost.
Woohoo!!!
My night is complete.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.

I wonder often who actually says woot I see it in print and can't ever bring myself to say it...
no i think it was called talk that talk
he bodied QP.....like my dude that battle was unreal...smh..
QP McDonald's is hiring Everywhere.
I can feel my brain slowly malfunctioning.
Must be time for bed....
Or time to watch another episode of merlin?
relax or sleep ??
Everyone needs money.
That's why they call it money.
Champions arent made in the gyms.
Champions are made from something they have deep inside them  a desire, a doctoram, a vision.
Muhammad Ali
was he jamming with deerhoof?
reruns are great.
New episodes in the summer.
Updated Smart Grid Summit program now available on www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid  includes new sessions with Intel, Bluebonnet and more!
Off work today,,, i might take me out to eat
'Home Ministry wants to belittle states, treat them like pawns on chess board ...
NDTV
thanks for tickets on 88 and 117
Wonder who she gets that from?
Curious press release from MKE Co Board.
Is there a reason why they omitted Sup.
John Weishan?
Is worried about competition?
YES, I can hear you.
I just DON'T care what the hell you're saying.
Beautiful day!
Sun.
im trying, ok?
Listening to the blues right now....
thanks man!
Trying out Qik on my iphone!
Don't even give me a good enough damn reason?
Wow,
Expert Search Processed: OnlinePayment System  Theft of Funds  Lack of DueDiligence
We arrive tomorrow!
We'll definitely keep your suggestions in mind.
Thanks!
haha do it ur not down!
My BEARS are putting on a clinic against the Falcolns...
So are they the real deal or does ATL suck?
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love
Tuesday's words of wine wisdom...RT : Whenever a man is tired, wine is a great restorer of strength.
Homer
hey u
you too?!
Belated thanks to , ,  for the FF shoutouts!
Even though it quotes a tweet of mine where I spelt cymbal symbol.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Flora Whittemore
This lady behind showing OUT!!
For once I have heard cuss!
Hahaha omg that was awesome xD
I can't even tell what that is.
Did you take that with your Lytro, or just by accident?
Tigers back and you know what that means
Ok baby this your dick you can ride it anytime you want
thank you :
Do you have to be Jewish to work at a challah bread factory?
Jobless not Jewish.
Because it's just not the way nature intended it!
:P
thanks!
It is specially nice to get a compliment from someone in the know
follow please?
:D
prettyprogressive is on a hiatus for the holidays but will be back next year with all new shows!!
Stay tuned for details...
that is a whole lot of talk
Got some killer designs done the past couple days!
Loving it
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every dayday?
north Richland hills
Watching Love it or List it on HGTV has me thinking...if I ever marry I'm making my husband live in a separate house.
I need to clear my head, life is just too much at the moment
Watching the office hell yeah
not much.
Still working in vegas.
And being bored and sticking hooks in my skin.
RT : ThingsThatIWantToHappen to live a normal life with my family in one piece.
running late, i shud be there.
Late OChi  peoplessummit
old school,nice!!!
asking for one raisin  a glass of diet water in a doctorve thru.
Its a beautiful day today.
Hope everyone is actively enjoying it
Up now, Cooke.
Doesn't seem like it but apparently weather is bad enough to keep on this runway in the airplane for 3hours..
Arghhh
up too early im finna go back to sleep
me too:
I'm doing pretty good.
how about yourself?
In 2nd place is Hide Yer Pitch  2nite, watch
where in Texas?
's pricing strategy makes no sense to me.
Why mark up instore prices 3045?
Don't you want customers to come in and impulsebuy?
Good Morning!
Thanks for the FF :
slightly afraid of the vocabulary that bird is going to learn.
Finished reading The Blind Side.
Thoroughly enjoyed.
thinking of you and your grandma.
xo
Orioles at Blue Jays worth watching due to uniforms alone.
that's understandable...we've all been there.
Just try to remember life is a gift and just live in the moment
Tell him he can start with his country's own archives.
Genealogists have horror stories about trying to get dox out of Moldova.
Raw is missing his balls
I suppose you could argue Tiger Stadium was the main reason to attend Tigers games in the late90s.
Especially the final season.
yes I do i dated him for a month duhh
I was at the Sen.
Feinstein luncheon a few months ago.
You handled all the questions given to you so well!
Check out our FB Page!
I'm probably going to look like shit the rest of the year.
I could care less what I look like now.
No need to impress you fuckers.
Checking in  Pre Golden Globes party  Silverspoons on Sunset.
Feels like Cannes crowd w/ a little Hustler mixed in, which is x the St.
There are days when I want to rebel  say, fuck it, I'm not going to go get waxed  plucked like a chicken.
i love you please follow me!
Beautiful day out!
Eating a nice sandwich n having a cafe at Mama's Deli in Corona!
The battery in my phone is piss poor.
Piss.
Poor.
Greatnessis paying it forward
okay me too thanks anyway
The 20 new artists in 's mystere fit right into the highflying action!
New trapeze and tissu acts were spectacular.
next thing I know, you're gonna want to pass on Loe vs.
LHH too.
haha your name is hilarious!!!
Sunday, Oct 25, 2009, 8pm THE ART OF BLEEDING  CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE FOR ABNORMAL ARTS Los Angeles, CA.
Live show 9p
Where are you going that they still serve food?!
Alex G.
the fact you said 12 though ahah.
'cause most mexicans do have a lot of kids.
..
blehh haha yeah you definitely know it!
:
The zone
Wishing my pool was openanother day in the 80's!!
I love how God will give us the things we desire while using us to fulfill his purpose.
SometimesIWonder life...will it take me under?
i dont know?
'Nas voice'
The biggest jerk of them all is the KneeJerk, a person who react to situations hastily with little regard.
Of course!
We recommended you in our late night FF :
matt you have SWAG love you, you need to do a twitcam like english time :' mi amor 3
RT Thanks for the shout out Brianna..
Get a .99 Gentleman Jack tonight...
Cheers!!
YES for the words of support!
So much love!
Yes, I would expect that more balls will hit his face than his glove.
Just got watching on SportsCenter!
Nicely done!
hey for the final doctorft of the research paper do you need to turn in your first doctorft too?
WhatGetsMeMad when I don't appreciate things I have until I lose them.
haha!
U kno I'm not tht friendly so I thnk most of were scared to say til now lol.
Wanna sleep and eat at the SAME DAMN TIME
pleasee followww ; love your display picture;
well then he a hoe.
:P i swear i was black in a past life LOL
Watch out conservatives!
Your body is full of free radicals Combat a radical body!
With 17 fruits n veggies in a pill.
Tweet4info
yep, he did a great job most of the players played very well; just a few big mistakes really hurt
The LA Kings....wow.
81 in the post season.
Amazing forwards, but this is all a credit to Quick.
Incredible.
Done deal for tomorrow :

Tis the most tender part of love each other to forgive.
John Sheffiel
The company was generating some leads from its website, but the bulk of customers PMG acquired came from wordofmouth referrals
Have you visited to OGStudio?
Tell us about your experience!
I'm so tired of dis ..
Better for me to be left alone..
like now!
Can't get to the gym because mom is parked behind me playing video games and wont move til she loses.
It's been 45 minutes.
Well done!
I seriously would date Selena Gomez.
Would she date me?
thanks for following :
I want Bill Miller tacos this morning but I'm broke and NO FAST FOOD FOR ME.
Internationally Acclaimed Marketing Expert Offers Updated Tips For Utilizing Humor to Reach Patients on an Emotional ...
So much fun!
It's going to be a great read!
3 RT : Intervierwed by for Bloog post soon!
I've been assigned to cover Rick Perry tonight.
shut up u did
Referred to as Border Crossing Card Violator these individuals enter the United States migrate via illegal entry
Wow, that is quite a different story with the eggplant and no dialogue.
Thanks for the link.
Happy New Year!
I want to thank all of your patronage over the last year, and we look forward to making it a great 2012!
Money cars hoes sleep hoes money money money sleep money money hoes and that's my schedule lol
I'll come to your news house and burn it before you move there.
I Love You To Baby:
Colts new quarterback is Andoctorw Luck even though i'd rather have Peyton Manning still here..i'm gonna be behind the Colts No Matter what
Preaching from in ipad
Lets go
FAT TUESDAY every Tuesday Join us for Fat Tuesday's  One Up doctornk specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!
I say yes!
wow that was super corny!
How is your stomach?
Hey y'all I almost forgot, the bigmoon is tonight.
and I'm not talking about my big fat ass either!
LMFAO!
Very excited to follow the networking blog.
Thx for tweeting about it!
Dear Uncle Rush, My book is a unique idea....www.pythonthriller.com much appreciation.....God Bless
Oh good!
Mine's been nice, relaxing, just sort of hanging out : About to go to lunch with my 2 GreatGma's.
I'm stoked.
Ha :
Ever notice how many selfproclaimed writing gurus have never been produced / published?
Still want their advice?
Chicagoarea home sales jumped nearly 21 in November compared with the same period last year, according to a new report...
Shii if you gas em up enough they'll fall in love and wanna keep you foreva so...
a whole will be poked haha
Yea man!
Yea I heard that track on Rootiful!
Dope shit!
That's why I asked if you wanted to be on a track/s!
who is this boyfriend Missy?
ThingsICantLiveWithout well it's more of a person than a thing..but it's  :
so I can have someone to yell at :
you are a trooper!
Thanks for braving the cold!
You are just the person we are looking for!
stinky gringo margaritas!!!
Does anyone have an idea how many people are already using Twitter?
Using CINAHL like a pro.
Thanks !
RumorHasItThat I'm going to bed after I finish this cigarette.
Bad Apple Store experience today.
Geniuses?
Maybe they know their stuff, but no excuse for rotten customer service.
Im looking for songwriters
his name is lazo, n he owes me a toke up
you don't bring sand to the beach!!!
We just completed a big round of rewrites today and the script is getting closer to being production ready!
cause we all like to party
we all were jumping  screaning when peter opened the door !
LMAO !
XD
Thanks for the Sweet reTweets!!
WANT U BACK.
Cher Lloyd Is Epic
Stilt Walkers, 5 Bands, Hula Hoopers  more  the FREE!
Station North Block Party Sept 24th  betascape thanks to Joe Squared et al
Let's do that.
You'll be excited just to see me one day

The Zooey Deschanel Siri commercial is a lot more inspiring if you imagine she's been blind since birth.
Iyad Sawas, welcome to the team.
We are looking forward to having your team on board.
Id say it back to u..
If u felt righteous underneath me if eat it like a bday cake..
Come on Kreayshawn
and weren't you the one taking pictures on your computer of the creepers behind you haha
Love remembers us when we forget that we can do anything with it or without it, yet with it we will enjoy what we do.
Here at with answering the phones for donations for kidds kid.
Call me at 1888SWAKIDZ.
Let's make it happen.
STAY AWAY FROM ELI BITCH!!!
I wonder if actually shook his head or if he just put that :
Kickoff at 5pm
I rarely tweet but im loving this Sat.
in my bed; for a big tip my stylist comes to my house..
going to get glamorous in my pajamas..
When people ask me if I'm working hard or hardly working, I like to stab them with a pen and ask if they're hurting hard or hardly hurting.
I've ate everything and anything this past week while I've been home.
Coming back to ROC really plump...
Good point!
Hail i'm a superstar...
Happy Easter my loves!
I hear the storms coming...
Be safe
we got super shy !!!
Sorry !
Lol
These selfdeprecating tweets brought to you this afternoon by a day full of thinking too hard about everything.
I'm 95 percent sure I can still criss cross
dont date someone who cant trust in you.
man how I have missed you Twitter.
I'm fighting for the right to party right now.
all of what he did to her he videoed on her camera and like he did the same to her as Megan and then he put her in like a barrel
thanks: send.a link
but guys i have a 4 day weekend.
you know it!
Teachers Texting Students: Should Schools Ban Or Encourage?
Huffington Post
Dog pellets.
Fred Willard makes me think of dogs.
I'm staying up til 11 because of criminal minds...
oh the things I do for this show
wen do u guys usualy restock ur iteams?
i just bought NuBrilliance but it was outta stock so im wonderin wen i wil get it
lol, trying to keep a low professorle for as long as I can ;
I love Thanksgiving!
I'm still getting some leftover turkey in my dog food and I am not complaining.
That is hilarious!
Hipsters are to main stream for me.
you mean my gallimaufry of words?
RT : PLEASE don't use that in your book lolol!!
in fairness, your game is predictable and one dimensional.
Why wouldn't a color commentator point it out?
RE sales card in the mail today !
How does it feel?
Like I'm finally working for my second business.
Thanks, will do.
I can't be any other way....Adjusting to losing an excellent asst principalhe retired.
Have you made any films already?
Anything we can see?
Best inning ever!
my email:
Relationships are the key to success in the social era.
magnet 11
isnt gonna follow me today, i just know it.
ive tried for over 2 years now :
Damn, you beat me to it...
These chics 12 deep at da liquor store rack.n up on doctornk.....
they say there having a girl night at da W no guys allowed....
Haha
Madonna's new song makes me want to plug my nose, close my mouth, and then exhale with enough force to explode my ear doctorms out of my face.
Saw Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
Silverback Joe approves.
don't deny the truth.
that's pretty legit writing xD!
were did you get that pen :O!
Loved your Lego Man post :
is looking for a kids nonprofessort health org to donate our kids fitness devices, 123GoTV.
Please contact us for more info.
Still life Nightclub and Ultra Lounge Grand Opening Party Saturday April 14th Doors Open at 10pm The Biggest Party in NC is Finally Back!!
just heard a little bird whisper February First.
Nasty westbrook, just nasty.
Why do I even have doctorw something on my phone anymore?
lol the box is pretty much empty at this point
Here's to a good show with at
: Eichel is a Chelmsford native.
He had narrowed his choices down to BU and BC.
Kid's clearly not a fan of titles
2.50 Burgers  2 Beers from 4pm to close At The Goat!
Best thing about March is all the madness!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 100 
It was a great day one at ABCA in Anaheim with some great Mexican food at Tortilla Joes.
Table side guacamole was the best!
i officially hate first shift and it hasnt even started yet.
blehh.
I wish you would just tell me.
Good fabulous morning gorgeous!
I just ordered that book from Amazon an hour ago.
Weird?
it's the wrong trousers, gromit  and they've gone wrong!
you did awesome!
Thanks for not messing up my graduation
hah then i think i rember u, man i wish i woulda said h, u think ur gana go to the one in nov?
btw isnt chachi so short!aha
Damn , came home from work to find out the Miami heat got 20 peaced ????
You do realize the authority will not give a single fuck about you.
Damn tell me y this chick wig just came off.
Now that's an embarrassing moment.
Everybody in the airport got that face like WHOA!!!
what app are you using ?
Yes!
RT Couldn't agree more!
RT : Hashtags I can get behind:
lol.
i been sober for a long time.
lol.
going to AA meetings and everything.
Thanks for the heads up.
The link for key settings will be fixed immediately!
At the miranda concerT omg its gonna be so much fun!
I still feel as it the article crosses a MAJOR line and it attacks a race of people thru its women
When you lose something...
It just means one thing: You deserve something better.
:
don't you mean girl passed out in your bed?
Today I'm also looking 4 projects 2 highlight re: development/placemaking/preservation/rehabs/affordable housing in Mps/St.
P.
Suggestions?
I didn't receive your request at all my friend
I plan to soon!
blushes Thank you :
why are you in the Wild Wild Wex?
smh  my slick ass baby daddy
and the bad will include making your pm break out in a nervous sweat
: God did not ordain the cross of Christ and the lake of fire to communicate the insignificance of belittling his glory.
Hey Michael, I have a Java/ADF/JDeveloper position withe the State through end of Dec.
Are you avail?
thanks great team.
Classy to the end.
is writing songs again.
Whoohoo!!
He's so perfect?
Psh never that.
We agree RT : Education is important rung in American opportunity ladder.
Must work 2 keep college affordable.
Going off the grid: power is out in our 'hood, conserving cell battery.
Candles, a fire in fireplace, snuggle with DH AND LM under blankets.
Help progressives win by voting for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech award
Anyone know where to get art supplies these days?
LOVE HAS MULTIPLE MEANINGS
Stupid cat
You're a TA right?
I thought it would be fun...
how freaking cute: Thank you, big head!!!
Love you too!!!
RT : happy mothers day love u
Sometimes I watch cartoons to remind myself life doesn't have to be so serious.
Cant fall asleep watching guycode off dvr..
Old age is nothing to worry about, except if you're a cheese
wow, I have 101 followers, thank you everyone!
Bring me a plate
m its so hot outside, my taste buds are screaming for gelato!
Except the apple was removed RT : it's like a baby's arm clutching an apple!!!
So much pink and white and chocolate candy
Do you know what I mean when I say  Mommy Meltdown?
I am honestly scared for whats gonna happen to Cas and for the entire finale of Supernatural.....
That foreveralone moment when your sitting in your room while is talking to here
Studio flow,,,,, real lyfe ent....
BIG church group just rolled on through.
Speaking of new places to publish, download new issue to see piece from !
Lets go Santana Mets we aint gonna win em all but we gotta win series
thnx for the follow ...
glad to hear you are home and safe.
I will make sure Jerry gets your email.
Peace
Nice!
I see some good stuff from !
Fantastic Follows
Season Two's Wednesday nights at is sold out!
There's still space on Mondays and Tuesdays for the second season of...
Haha yup we did :p
From today, we'll tweet a recent or noteworthy addition to Academic Commons daily.
Get inspired  deposit your own research!
hubby  I married on 9/27/09 too!
: We met on the 27th and got married on the 27th so the 27 vases is for our special number
Way ahead of their time...
Just had a 12 hour art binge hell yea
According to it's National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy.
I'll be doing my part by not having sex with a teenager.
omg.
I died doing 5 today in this FL heat!
Ugh
Congratulations to California hockey players and David Gandara on their recent college commitments
Why do people keep talking about Amber Cole!?
doctorp it already!!
awe my poor husband, went to get his hair cut took a photo w/ him  came back looking nothing like it.
Cut waaayyy to short :
S/O to my new followers  the others....
2 lazy to put the names!
tomorrow is Record Store Day.
get off your buts and go buy some records!
best of luck.
Omg, stop being a Toucan Sam stan
ThoughtsWhileRunning When am I gonna stop
Preach RT : Don't nobody want a needy ass women who don't bring shit to the Table
After watching MLB postseason today.
The comebacks by Phillies and Rangers may be harbingers of things to come.
Doing homework by candle light
Ha!
I almost rode the bus, but grabbed car keys in case speedy getaway to deliv room is needed.
What state do you live in?
Also I wish my ChinaTown had kpop merchandise but sadly I can't find any :
Marshallism of the Day: When you truly desire change, your conscious mind chooses the positive, new action.
At work and feeling ready to doze off...so sleepy me :
You see the dude that owe you 100 bucks on the fight and he dont have ur money ready.....
He gonna get
Wait, I have been packing.
This is happening too?
SUCK IT, ALL THAT IS SOULLESS, DOUCHEY AND WRONG IN BASKETBALL.
Early holiday gift from FX: the announcement that 'Justified' is returning Jan.
17.
So stop swooning and toast them already!
nah i went yesterday.
he did amazing as usual but the fans i wanted to hurt them all
My dad just had me on the floor laughing by those txt guess, he doesn't like the Obamas too?
another inherited trait ;
Pretty sure the runner in me has add, whenever its nice out hes like SUN, LETS GO RUN RIGHT NOW
I'm gonna go with Colombia on this one misterTrebek.
Deep in the meadow, under the willow.
A bed of grass, a soft green pillow.
Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes.
that'll look nice.
Have you considered chocolate
...
I do like wild life
mister Obama is the man.
Just wanted to name a few of my
catches it, puts it in pocket  Goodnight
it's about time you followed me, yo.
sheesh.
hope you guys have a great Thanksgiving!
highly doubtful bc that ain't u
I'm hoping Cory is safe doctorving home right now.
Thanks girl!
Post them on too if you remember the password P
they are so annoyiin
yeah!
I saw your check in on foursquare but I didn't see you.
Did you love it?
Everything we had was so yummy!
no D:
No prob bud just get that b day crackin!!
Lol RT : aw thanks Bman!
I appreciate the love!
I take too many notes 
It's a sign Patriots are going to win the super bowl!
Sign your TEAM up now for the GREEN HILLS STREAK this coming Wednesday at 7.
Winning team takes home 300!!!
Letz be honest ...BET is Dead and it really hurts me to say such a thing
well thats not bad
My app isn't letting me see friend's paths.
Anyone else having this issue?
hope you enjoy!
:
Oh man!
Our super deluxe, extra special PR 3.0 with is little more than an hour away.
Hope everybody can make it!
Pamala always liked my loud smile!!
Think she still does!
D An awesome friend with a huge heart!!
I wont lie  that ball rolling into the logo at the end is amazing...
I wonder if there are anymore colors left to find.
What if the colors that we all know arent the only ones out there?
Judging by the traffic still terrible at 9:30, I guess school started everywhere today.
More FF for who was always Workin' For The Weekend: and especially Love 2 U all
thanks : u rock for noticing!!
On the way, we passed signs for test paint strips, followed by miles of aimless white and orange paint on the road
Sounds a bit like a cop out.
Do we really think that with 1/4 of US kids not graduating from HS that 1/4 of parents are unfit?
Only 37 more minutes til I'm outta school !
YAY !
just got real'
You guys are hilarious!!!
what the hell is quest chat
What's the verdict on the newtwitter?
It hasn't been rolled out to me yet.
Just saw that you are headed to Miami!
Goodluck and show them SW PA guys are
Friendship is simply an excuse to love someone and never be afraid of losing them.
and also a special thanks to anyone that came out and supported me hosting at webber's last nite it was alot of fun.
We're very much with you on that one!
BPS
sold to highest bidder..
;
I miss you guys so much!!!
I believe the contemporary dirty word is socialist.
It's getting plenty of airtime.
Thanks for bringing back Pinko.
doctorving with and at and a black cat jumps out of no where
RT : RT : Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity  not a threat.
unknown
Convo w/ friend after seeing the Avengers...I feel like saving the world, but I think I'ma save my car instead.
Lmbo.
I agree.
Amazing!
Markets set to surge this week if progress is made in new euro bailout,  plunge at any signs of hiccups.
Everything else looks irrelevant.
Hearing some kind of scary weather related stuff from the KS side of this twittersphere.
Take care, Kansas friends.
Daniel Biddle  Murray Dubin, will be reading/signing TASTING FREEDOM at Phila Arch Street Meeting House, 4th  Arch, at 10am on May 17.
JEAN DUJARDIN  BEST ACTOR THE ARTIST  BEST PICTURE
Someday I'll wake up without an endless to do list.
I don't know if I should look forward to that day, or fear it.

hopefully the hero is a Ranger, so I'll go with Young.
Guys, guys.
I'm thinking of changing my twitter avatar.
I've had the moosling since I started my twitter account forever ago.
Fuck two tests today .
at least I get out at 11
such an inspiring story!!
No one is totally selfmade...it's all about community.
Thanks for your leadership!
If my twitter handle wasn't the greatest ever, I would be socialpedoctor or pedoctorsocial so fast.
My twitterlong tribute to
so, Brighton is where all the cool kids spend their time?
Agreed.
I'm hoping Shanty's white wine sales skyrocket that Fri too.
Support local biz!
It's like give niggas in Popeyes asking for change and food ...
And when you give them the change they hit it
I hate ppl who think they can beat the world.
I'm not saying back down but don't be cocky af cuz u can fight.
I can be but I try not to be.
Consumer spending up but probably because kids can't keep wearing the same clothes forever, tires wear out, etc.
Savings rate almost 10!
a PB party is a must then
definitely: so when'd you get sick?
Wearing loves at my desk while I type.
Guess winter is officially here, huh Pittsburgh?
When you're doing the hoedown throwdown and you step on an earring and it goes straight through your big toe....
: great article for young people to stop bullying!
Self worth.
I'll two step to Conway and walse to the king
Yes i do have hot trackz for you..
who u working with?
Oosthuizen gets his win Louis Oosthuizen bounced back from last week's Masters disappointment in perfect style with a threeshot victory
Sorry about that, we're looking into it that.
Feel free to call to make your pledge 6785539090.
Thanks you!!!
realizes his decadelong love of Yo La Tengo's Spec bebop is actually just a shadow love of The Clean's Chumpy  420 GB til full backup
It scared the crap out of me!
I'm glad your ok though :
Very...
HighShit RT Im a Pharaoh ...
so build me a pyramid of Kush and come toke to eternity with me.
If you're interested in acquiring similar furniture, I can tell you what stores I shop at.
;
Is it legal to use CGI in advertising?
then we two go ah .
I try asking khai to borrow penny
how are you away?
teamcowboys Dallas insider says cowboys will use high doctorft pick on QB next season ha yalls prayers have been answered bye bye homo hahaha!
RT : Linsanity  Tebowmania are known nicknames.
Combine them when winning championships and they will both be in
if i ever have twins, i will name them Sopa and
You're the second person to mention him Bill!
It must be epic.
This woman just thinks I know how to do and fix everything!
hey!
Let's connect.
Only guess I have is that it's for Dean Ambrose haha
love u too beautiful 
ifonlyicould get to retweet or follow me my life would be complete
thanks for the welcome!
In Evansville!!!
:
one week from today...i get to hang with the Fast mothers, Tori Tollison, J.W.
Williams and the Mondophonics  Neil's Music Room on Madison!
It took three episodes, but I finally got a big laugh from Community.
I feel like baking.
I think I will start perfecting my allergyfree cookie recipes.
Hmm...
What should I make first...
We want to know: How is everyone's first day of school going?
ByeByeBirdie..two things Wisconsin does best, hunting  sports  we're going bird hunting today!!
Packers  Brewers at Brass Monkey!!!
sounds good : I'm starving!
IndonesiaSavesGaga not from there but I will help trend against religious psychos
Nice doctorve from Montreal now in vermont en route to
I can't believe are coming to my town on my birthday!
: What a great bday gift!
Who else is excited for the tour?!
Congrats to my man !!!
Still pissed about the first round sham but least Harbaugh knows what's up
Emmys or True Blood?
God morning Tweoples!
Marc has a tasty batch of chili for you at the store today!
Wow, SUPER productive weekend.
Go see all the output on my facebook page, www.facebook.com/edoctorperphoto
follow mee please ..i love u 3
The next debate should be held in a sandbox!
haha thanks man, appreciate the sentiment.
you make sure to not get into any gunfights down in texas you outlaw
Can I just be like 5 again or something?
ikr!!!
What yal got up for the weekend??
Relaxing.
I deserve it.
NOTE TO SELF: Do not study lines with day care kids nearby...
My name is now part of every other sentence I need to say...
Holy shite, did the earth just move?
Thanks for tweeting this!
Reminds me I should tweet about it too.
:
TOMORROW NIGHT at The Loft  WE CAME AS ROMANS w/ Miss May I, Of Mice  Men,  more!
Doors open at 6pm!
Get your tickets now!
bit.ly/p0pT8C
I had the wierdest doctoram about brayley .
haha.
But her name was hannah in my doctoram.
Lol!
Travel tip with kids: pack entire outfits in separate plastic bags.
Reach into the suitacase, and everything is in one place!
new shit has been brought to life.
Literally.
Last nightvRT : Wait till I get in my prime, thats the thing.
i catch myself saying things likeeeeew ugh and grunting a whole lot more since the beginning or 2012.
The NFL is king.
Case in point.
RT : Between 1010:30 PM ET last night, FOX says 69.0 mil viewers were watching GiantsNiners
I am not gona hope for a good day today...I am gona make SURE today is a good day!
how are you
Oh please don't!
I love that pic.
That smile makes me smile when I look at it.
Love the colors too, and I work with tons of pics.
Dear Earthbar...
I'm obsessed!!
I'm hooked!
;
Just finished a coffee catch up meeting w/ Min Chandoctor Banks of Ephesus Ministries.
She's also a board member of the ECMC Farmers' Market.
Wait, who's Sarah Palin?
This movie better not make her relevant again, because she's mostly forgotten.
Someone shld create a anti deodorant soap...!!!!
I vow to get it together and come back to my twitter fam.
I've been so busy it has been hard to find the time!!
Why do I stay up so late, when I know I have to get up at 6 for school
that'd be amazing!
lol I'd be laughing so hard!
Saw you, but we were both tied up in other conversations.
Definitely need to reconnect.
I had a good chat w/ radian6 folks too
tell those girls to cover their stomachs up!
Smh!
Do you know what is going in the building across Columbia Pike from Silverado?
I haven't seen a sign.
My love for you increases each year, just like the sustainable growth rate
Please welcome my friend to Twitter.
Sentence lost inside a Super PAC, answers to: With glee they melted their gold into swords to sever any last ties to integrity.
Pl.
help
Just reset password.
captainHA word was Fuhrer with the umlaut and all.
Awkward!
lol interesting , Im not for that life of quizzes
Thanks friends!
More book recs: Simon Montefiore's Jerusalem:The Biography, The Collected Novels of Jose Saramago, Arthur Phillips's Prague
maybe my just dance summer party game?
SPWF was amazing, and we can't wait to attend it again.
Lately it's just been a bunch of , , and on repeat.
3
We'll be the ones doctorssed in Yanks gear!!
sweet great to have you in Tulsa
is still working on the website.
just turned on ...
Is Z Bo hurt?
Howard University has an African Diaspora program, but there are many others around the country.
Where did you attend school?
Kindergarten Hoe
Get hold of your tickets for tomorrow's showdown of WWE: RAW at Mississippi Coliseum  Call NOW: 8884930004
I can only hope that i have a relationship with my daughter like Ariana and her mom have.
smart ass lol
Two life lessons; Don't keep trash in your house, Don't let dirty dishes sit in your sink.
My 2 on the NBA ROY voting ...
Kyrie Irving won, and that was correct.
So who the F cares about the other votes!
No award for 2nd, 3rd
Stunt people earn their paychecks!
Flying, burning, crashing and all of the above.
is as hilarious in person as they are on the internets.
Check'em out if you haven't already.
The receptionist at Old Main Advising is seriously the rudest individual I've met on this campus.
: Steak and pesto linguine will be on my menu tonight chef hodgeproblems yum home cooked meal
thanks mate!!
Double XP weekend on COD..
Is it Monday yet???
lol
French Vanilla Decafe
here in Italy are the two in the morning so we'll see you tomorrow love you Hello to all!....
Someone needs to make a downtown Tucson parking app.
I want it to show what's open, let me compare costs,  then guide me to it w/ GPS.
Lol, you are welcome Erin!
Happy 6th Birthday, !
I hope Coples..talk about a monster
Got a crazy carpool lady doctorving so deuces if and I die
Today's vinyl buys: Misfits: S/T, Who Killed Marilyn?
45, 4 Hits From Hell 45, Evil Is As Evil Does 45
LMAO!!!
It was on Netflix!
LOL.
I watch all the bad movies on there lol.
We beat the King!
King of what, by the way?
That'll work.
Picture Comments?I'll return the favor: With Korbyn this weeken;.
Text the celluar device
will do.
Good night
You know what.?
I'm so tired of your doctorma causing self.
Why am I always in doctorma fights.?!
Because you start them dumbass.!
SUPER excited for our family photo shoot tomorrow with InPhocus Photography!!.
Possible idea for mscdeng3670 research project: Research history of the MSCD WC.
Could interview Doe  Haley.
Talk to me if interested.
cool cool have you started the video yet?: cause I wanna be in the front!!
But its alright if you cant do that!:
is data base ur job?
Wow why u don't watch tv?
lol I'm from USA Illinois.
: Great!
We'll check it out.
Thanks!
Metta World Peace and Kobe told the team that if they got eliminated then they were gonna cane them while their family watched.lol
I am so jealous of you right now.
Wish I could be at the LTYMshow DC today.
Such an amazing group of women.
To the people at Overture Center who insist on applauding for Itzhak Perlman between movements: stop it.
Wait for the violin to come down.
for true.
But we the people are the beneficiaries.
New Single coming out soon!!!
Happy Birthday by Bring Me The Bullet,look for it on YouTube :
Im just upset her skinny jeans are pul over her bigg ass Ugg boots .
I know you are my best friend but if you fall I will laugh
You're right.
I was referring to the other skills fundoctorising, PR, etc.
RT : Prog mgmt is a skill!
Applebees is THE BEST but i can never decide what to order.
What did you eat Eric?
Dont wait til its too late to tell someone you love them.
Bcause when they're gone, no matter how loud you shout  cry, they wont hear.
If your plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Stay cool.
I fuckin hate taxi cabs
Can't wait to see  May 24th in Fresno!
.
RT : Thank you to everyone who's supporting !
It's a beautiful night in Detroit.
If you can't figure out your life purpose, your purpose is to be my personal slave.
That resonates with you, doesn't it?
Yeah...
same here.
I'm playing Mass Effect, saving the galaxy from extinction.
Puts things in perspective...
RT : I'm watching Freaks and Geeks.
Good morning friends.
We're sorting through today's Daily Deals looking for the best ones.
Look for a blog later today!
:
Add Snakeaveli Da Don to your Facebook
The tendency to 'see things precisely in black and white terms the great American temptation.'James Forrestal
thank you :
Studio this weekend im getting better and better cant wait til yall hear wait I been working on
Love Twitter Tuesday!
We are partnering with Metro LA on an Expo Line public art project.
let me know when!!
Make sure you submit your questions to the Sporting Explore app.
You get bonus points for having a question chosen!
seems just right to me
Ali Akbar Khan......
Thanks !
Amazing deals with week.
I only spent 17.20 on 47.78 worth of household items!
Who's number is everyone trying to get and tweeting about ?
How can you see ratings of charities?
Try out .
Still waiting y'all a bunch of hood rats.
Great new addition!
found some cassette tapes today; don't think I have anything to play them!
:
That's about what I do a wk, but you swim too!
That's pretty sweet.
Illinois contractors, there is nothing worse than those bottom feeders.
RT : Show some love and check it out RT : SELECT 2012 opens this Saturday!
February 11,68pm!
FREE!
Details:...
Shop Buck Island Creek Farm, Iona Farm, Grunt N Gobble Farm, Highlawn Farm, Lower Sherwood Farm, Mossy Acre, Bethel Family Farm, 9th...
well hey there cutie :

this awesome party!
my bed is ready
On way to LAX for early AM flight to Roanoke, VA for Gender, Bodies  Technology conference w/ and
nice compromise :
Thanks dude!
Ok I will as soon as I get off work at 2 today :
Now quick shower then work!
Better results: take lots of surveys yourself to learn about respondent experience  what makes a good survey
Everything applies to MLB The Show!
Same to you!
Appreciate your blog flattery about our fire screens
We're talking about favorite Ohio vacation/RR spots.
What's yours?
Haha!
You're very interesting.
can you follow me ?:
At least we're learning something ?
Ha yeah , no .
this class sucks dick two hours of hell but at least there was no quiz and hopefully we will get out early
waiting for you outside table!
I won some battle of the bands contest here 3 years in a row
that's how you gotta be homie !
haha
Working now on Horns  Rhythmistertro Hymns yep..disco
Now who's FUNNY?
You're a HOOT!
D RT Thats true....even the threat of time outs and u are not quiet!
I don't know how to do half of it and I can't find it in the book
Time for some yoga by then doing my running around
FF The greatest, freshest mexican food in Pittsburgh.
Homemade ice cream too!!
About to reset my phone, again, hopefully that'll fix it.
If not, time for a new phone.
Andoctorids don't like it when you download porn.
this is amazing, thank you.
this, like, closes the dossier, the file is now closed.
he should change his name again to Ronald R.
A.
Lincoln...
LOL: does he think this helps him..NOT!!!
Shop for one of a kind Fashion that no one else is wearing: Indie Fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
How I Met Your Mother 
I know right??
I'll have more fun then you will : lol
I hate the P word and thats all i see on my TL ugh!!
i'm trying...
Just couldn't find time lang coz I have two diff.
set of dayoff, it sucks tho.
: aw We're same :
we have made some updates to our API, let us know if any of your calls don't work and we'll assist you with the changes
Doing devotional at church council 
I think I should spend the day speaking in Nadsat in an effort to confuse the L7's.
Nerds will be impressed by my fluency.
So glad your son liked Bigfoot.
He's not so bad once you get used to him!
I'd start there to pull him towards me with my right finger, while my left hand traces up his left arm to that vein only to
Yes!
Same to you!
Glad you could make it out I'll be sure to get to a MKESMC event soon :
I think you all should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies a ghetto street doctorma based in Detroit x Cop ur copy now.
Check out my blog.
what was your favorite grammy act?
You're just the best role model ever.
Worthy students getting a fair rate to attend college in the state they have basically grown up in...CO legislators are a joke
where are you interning?
depends on what the evidence is and how it fits with everything else.
Ha, sounds good!
I'm addicted to my phone n its sad I fb tweet n instagram before bed lol n same thing wen I wake up
emoji is the fastest way to a girls heart 
Merry christmas happy hannikuh and there's like 2 more but idk yeah!:
Guess I'll just watch America's Next Top Model reruns
In the dumbest things Skip Bayless has ever said, a new statement is on the list.
Tony Paker has a much better jump shot than Chris Paul.
On the air by tornado season.
Reading 'Switched' by Amanda Hocking.
Yes, it's for work.
Trolls!
Not a cute look...
Design mtg this afternoon..
There is a thought that stops thought.
That is the only thought that ought to be stopped  Chesterton
OMG, we should so be hangin out together!
When you can be either brilliant or pleasant, choose pleasant.
Among other things, I'm going to work on programmatically assigning DOIs to some of the Seminary older 19th century journals
Posted so far on Mon.
89 cappers with action tonight and 5 consensus from their picks so far and more to come.
i could ski down those all day
Second best line: My wife says to me...the model is wearing a 6000 doctorss me: I'm wearing like 20
Put the broom away?
Don't have my phone.
:
mmhmm won't be curable by then!
: S/O To My Cute New Follower Wessuh!!!
..
hey sweetie :  thank u for the follow.
no it's naahht weird, out of town 
you are rlly pretty!: and I hope he follows u3
Hello!
We use the shipping info of our winners to send our winners their prizes!
dang I kno auntie bout had a fit
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation!
Without you music would die!
Proud to support Mayor's proposal for bldg smoking policies.
Prospective renters  buyers deserve full disclosure to make informed decisions
yes i am able to connect to espn and twitter
Happy birthday to Sonny Liston!
Though he didn't know his exact bday, he settled on May 8, 1932.
I guess the people from Henderson county just don't like me.
: A very impressive beginning!
Carole DeSanti is a master of words.
Welp, I found out who unfollowed me...
That bitch.
Check out The best ppt to iPad tool out there.
This too shall pass.
Probably those solar flares.
Something big wants you to change
Taking from Boston to DC for meetings with and Love the train.
Gambino is a mastermind fuck a bitch just to kill time 
West Brook Better Then CP !
I wish I was with you both!
Have fun!
Come to L.A.!!!!
You make it so much better here!
:
To guy outside library in the middle of nowhere: The library's closed.
Really?
That's gay.
You win this time...
Oh hey there lady...
I've read the scriptures a few times, but I'm amazed at how many new things I still find as I've begun rereading them again.
please give a hug for me to ur family!!!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!......
true that.
I've been worried since like Wednesday.
word!
I'll keep ya posted :
Either you have the upper hand or it's got the upper hand on you.
Do Johnny Depp and Madonna have the same dialect coach?
That's effing weird.
They sound so European, don't they?
Well then, ask!
Ron won't shout it from the rooftops so I will.
Second Place in the Iowa Straw Poll goes to doctor Ron Paul!
Vote in 2012!
vote Ron Paul
RT IF YOU THINK TWITTER IS ADDICTIVE!
Welcome to dagnomusic!
Thanks!
Sometimes change is a good thing...
cuz i wouldnt tell him but i told him and he said he doesnt want her i said ok then he said alright boo then my friend
Never regret.
If its good, its wonderful.
If its bad, its experience Victoria Holt
Stay tuned!!
We just completed our 450th Salesforce.com implementation this week.
this has been one stressful ass day
finally DONE with calculus!!
I'm so excited and relieved!!
:D
We couldn't be happier to have support our May 20 festival.
With their support our festival will be one you won't want to miss
gonna do a little singin' now...
these songs are very close,  this one wants a double.
i think..
let's see
who agrees should Ustream?!
RT if u do!!!
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
We have a lot of very wide windows, I'm still having trouble breathing after measuring.
Holy moly.
Just totally blown away.
did Austin viles dad pass away
Ive had 2 much exercise today...
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 7, Microsoft Windows Vista, Microsoft ...
PCWorld
I love you and i hope you feel better!!
Im soo sorry about your loss!!
: Staystong!!
I here for you if you need me!3
RT : crossroadsclassic fans stop by Emmis on circle  support bellringers  as they go for 60 hours
Thanks!
You're back!
RT If you write a memoir, make sure you write Barack Obama into it before he does it himself.
Young Wild 
We're an oasis in the middle of the shopping craziness.
Come have lunch or dinner with us at the Grossmont Center.
Y wait win I cld go get it!
Won't be the same.
But he will be back!!
Lebron missed one of those games and another was a coin flip on a iffy Miller foul.
Team results arent everything
Just too much time to make up for Nary and Jamie.
At least that teacher lie worked a treat.
Yes.
On how to write a good call to action landing page.
I use this information to many of my Hispanic clients..
:
And the award for wearing the best doctorsses on HOP goes to....
:
Thats a good attitude.
Now put it into practice.
Nobody can hurt your feelings without your consent.
Headed to Gruene Hall to open for my Dad tonight.
Sold Out, Good times!
These unique names all belong to beans, of heirloom varieties.
worst that can happen is I bleed on you
Good Job Lawrence.
education is the way out of
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed yeah, they so wrote that about Bieber.
Does anyone have the HTC Eris?
That's a phone I'm thinking about getting to replace my blackberry storm
HAHAHAHAHHAAHA now where's mister.
Brady?
He can date her.
xD
5BestSmells New Car smell, chocolate chip cookies in the oven, anything on the grill, laundoctor, and AF Fierce for men :
Jeremy Lin is good.
Amazing story.
Media is trying to get too cute with all the nicknames.
espn headline was inevitable.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ???
...
;
WOW you are a busy bee!
I think you could greatly benefit your company by getting a small ad on TheRuthieList
Remember  act on the pivotal moments in your life that change you.
Those lessons lost are as if you lost a piece of yourself.Zach Marcy
Today is just one of them days.
I didn't get what that meant until just now lolz!
I am now finally on there however, I'm still not sure what I'm doing :
congrats!
Miss you kids.
Edited a bunch of resumes and a cool looking cover letter and am going out to print them today.
Gotta get work NOW!
I want to work!!!
martiansVSgoblins The Fresh West
Enjoying the heck out of my Port St Lucie writing session...
yep.
Have to think it will get better eventually, but vice versa for the pitching...
HoeLies 64: I love that song.
u might not want her to do that cause ur gonna be sad when she says ME cause IM her bestfriendd : right :
Snickers sb45 ad:out with the old, in with the slightly less old
Keyshawn got bars at rapping tho lmao ...
i got double cheese waffles in my pocket  Key 40
funny, my parents/teachers are expecting me to keep up in school.
more important things.
The admiral took hold of Mark's left hand and kissed his forehead.His babyface good looks that he had inherited from his mother was intact.
Sounds fair to me
y'all throwing curve balls tonight.
Who's the dead chic if his wife standing next to him.
I love rock,pop,rb,rap and all sorts of music3
FOLLOW ONLY
re: WBAL Radio/TV websites, WBALTV is part of Hearst Television, which owns 29 TV stations, and only 2 radio stations....
Hi Sally!
Would you be interested in coming to Mke?
Happy Saturday!
It's raining but I've got to get on my grind.
Time waits for no one.
Peace  Love...
CDC: Transfer policies have generally resulted in increased s of juvs arrested for subsequent crimes including violent crimes
So...I'm sore from doing the mile yesterday...that's sad, I need to get in shape again.
.
you and me BOTH!
It's so frustrating.
Thanks so much for the reminder about science fair!
: Ugh!
Tell me you love me
The less you care, the happier you'll be.
Recent move to the heart of uptown.
Any cool ideas for a winter open house extravaganza?
I welcome ideas!
no doubt!
Izzy Call me and tell me it??
OMG THE CRAYON SONG!!
Yes indeed.
We love our local distillers!
Google  looks very promising.
Taking the plunge.
one dude you dont wanna mess with...Rambo!
Most of the time I just don't get it.
Get your TAN ON!
Specials TODAY ONLY All TANS on SALE, Mystic tans 2 for 39.99 or 5 for 75; HT60 10/each; HY 11/each and HP 12/each.
Usher concert  6am...
And it's about an hour commute..
I'll need A LOT of time to get ready..
3 Awe mister Chubby How Many Times Did I Tell You Bout Gettin On The Pc When Alexa Is Alleep?
lol Love you:
I fuck traffic in the ass
Q.
Which business headquartered in the Bay Area has the largest number of employees, over 100,000?
Answer SAFEWAY
Students volunteered at Feeding America yesterday, and wait for it...HAD FUN!
Great job packing food for the community!
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Tennyson, Alfred Lord
I'm real picky when it comes to girls eyebrows , I can't be talkin to someone with two dark ass lines in the middle of their forehead
Thanks for the info...
I will be in attendance...
I don't think I know stuff why u calling me miss know it all but to be quite honest I know enough to have been one to fall while I ball:p?eh
Man, I was too tired last night.
Hopefully, you guys had fun.
it's albus bitch
ScientificFact Chinese food tastes better with chop sticks
Breath deeply
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
youaintslick !
I get busy..
I make your head dizzy
I had that issue too, check your settings and then go to apps.
That's how I fixed mine.
Other than that how are you?
So true!
RT : Nutrition tip RT Your kids are watching what you DO and paying attention less to what you say.
Ok guys would yuh brake up with your girl cuz yu called her at 3 in da morning n she waz sleeping so she couldent pick up?
Try pairing our fennel and salmon salad with a Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour for a TON of great flavor
so am I but where did spring go
Wolves game tonight determines playoff beard life.
Waitin on stupid to get here
That is how good things happen.
One Goal.
Same Page.RT : ONE.
GOAL.
She led the rustler to Dark Cavern's edge.
His boot slipped, dislodging a small boulder and as it hit rock bottom his heart boomed
Wishin my brother a HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY!!!
You're finally legal lol!
Love ya!
RT A fulfilling healthy life requires balance with a good diet, regular exercise and quality supplements.
ALERT: HANDLEBAR MOUSTACHE SPOTTED IN CHICAGO LOOP.
DAMSELS, STEER CLEAR OF RAILROAD TRACKS.
You must do all the things you think you cannot do.
Eleanor Roosevelt
The benefit of showering alone is that your man doesn't pounce on you when you doctorp the soap.
Also the doctorwback.
Congrats to and my boy for making the roster!
Pretty girl w/ ugly feet  turn off
this is my 200th tweet.
I take the chance to thank you for everything you have taught me
On it!
All of your tweets are making me thirsty!
If you had one wish we are pretty sure it would be 5 Falafels from 11am  4pm?
Right?
Right?
.
more people of color?
What does The Speaker think?
Must be proud!
Appreciate the cutoff man.
Conservatives are so concerned with the sanctity of marriage when the Kardashian marriage showed a total of a whopping 72 days.
I don't think you meant this for me.
NFL moves to suspend the Pro Bowl??!
Guess the football Gods found it boring and ridiculous as we did.
THe shit that we be fighting over b so irrelevant...
Morgan better hitter but Gomez with his defense will finish better.
Sweet I'm going to try it out!
cc
I see a lady in a shirt  the game on TV.
Oh tonight they announced the big winner.
Do you want me to spoil it for you??
Love can fade, but it cant die
Niall and Demi 3 Nemi!
You guys really need to go out!
3 Do it for us!
If it's on bravo then I'm probably going to watch it.
Sweeter than a cherry pie with Ready Whip toppin'.
I'm doing great, school, work, gf, and learning to dj..
keeping myself busy :
I must be missing something.
What's the problem?
Just cuz I chose the radio edit?
All gibberish to me.
Something to do with TV?
All right knicks my only non Pittsburgh team beat the heat!
I never thought of it as a poem.
I thought of it as lines that just didn't happen to go all the way across the page.E.L.Doctorow
Do you have taralli?
Craving it after reading Anne's fb posts!: Fresh boule just in to both shops from bread!
not doing shit.
We're just messing around right now lol
The Program is great, I love it!
Remember when Tiger Woods was good at golf
Thanks to , and for the shout outs!
3
I doubt theyre showing a preview ....
thanks again!!
Spread the word for us :
LOL.
YES SIR!
too bad his childoctorn are too old to think he's super cool for hanging out with Elmo.
If you love the olympics, follow this guy RT almost to 400 tweets and 400 followers!
moving up in the world!
:P
Isn't all reading is interactive?
I'm class I hate smart substitutes u a sub for a reason u don't know nothing nor and u teach
happy easter to the bitches that unfollowed me.
awesome!!
Ready for your trunk sale this weekend?!
:
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
Numerous treks to Maastricht when I was in the service, was stationed in Bruxelles.
Grew up in RI, but lived in...
CGMD12 in the sandbox find me
A nice round of applause for the reading.
The audience is vigorously wrigthing their feedback.
you're in Florida?
Where at?!
I am in early to be on at 8:00 am!
Mike Vick not as good as everyone thinks, but he the smartest man in fball.
100 mil to a scrambling qb over 30?!
Good for him
I owned the California doctorvers test.
Keep it up UK!!
good morning all..
HAPPY SUNDAY
No way.
Never liked Entourage.
OMG now I get to listen to this ghetto rap crap the whole ride home
how long have you worked there?
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
Yes ma'am!
RT : Ugh, bitch GTFO!
I really wish I didn't care how I looked al the time.
If your gonna complain, just go back to Facebook.
Headed to Texas for AMASupercross!
Good luck to the team!
tomorrow is the day i take the biggest exam.
correction tomorrow is the day i die.
who what
Your'e got 5 seconds left Do You Belive In Miracles YES
Over/Under on saying where's my phone is 20 today.
Learned a ton from while at
probably SOAP RememberTrust
if we speak will listen?
we want our voice heard!
My all time favorite Sheldon scene: I possess the DNA of Leonard Nimoy..With a healthy ovum I can make my own Leonard Nimoy
AZ : .I got a new number also I will dm u that and hopefully my dm is working now ha
Everyone is a rush to ask when is the next party but never hey I will throw in next time except for my broskie in P.H.A,N Crew !
KHQ Right Now  News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho  Clinton says ...
KHQ Right Now
You can borrow an umbrella from us if you want!
RT : Oh how I love the rain .
Crazy night.
Martin kids?
Y'all know how to party
support live music this weekend: Bryan Cole, solo acoustic at DiSalvo's in Latrobe, PA.
Doug Briney at Lonestar Steakhouse, Anchorage, AK.
Yup.
Dancing.
Fuck with me
I'm looking forward to it!
Today, it's the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Yes!
Thank you!
was it you on omegle last month when you were in LA?
Me and my friends were talking to you but follow me to?!
:D 3 xx
the Yongmasan subway exit announcement you sent me just came up on itunes' shuffle.
hahaha.
i love getting a notification from u at midnight saying its ur turn on words against emily lol
I'm bored at work
Hey Brewers.
Are we gonna score once or twice sometime today or what?
It's the Astros!
yeah for sure
We are in high school right?
Why do we still have rolling backpacks?
Tonight only!
Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage  pepper or eggplant  fennel pizza!
Password is CrossFit 215.
Dine in only
Ya, SD is pretty amazing.
I'd like to relocate there if the proper situation presented itself.
Who knows :
Not looking forward to work today.
I wanna see melendez vs josh 3 I'm a huge fan of both!
But josh showed the.
First time what he can do when he's healthy!
I still love Rolling in the Deep.
Just had left over turkey, now its time to relax and watch some of the ncaaf games.
Hey stop talking over the presidents speech.
Rather here him than your commentary.
Thanks.
: Where do I sign up to run for Mayor?
the man!!
lol
Students need their Alevel results before they apply for university: Why scrap the plan to let pupils get their..
nope , i will never serve Bud or Bud Light.
Larry gave me a congrats card with a lottery ticket.
I can never leave GT :D If I win, buying a condo for us.
Know anyone who needs a website overhaul or a new website?
Send them my way and I'll give you 100 for any successful referrals!
Who Ever Said There Are No Stupid Questions Obviously Never Worked In Customer Service
You gotta watch in mister Sunshine....
AWESOME new show!!!
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music illegally, I hope they split us up by music genres.
be safe brother
just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2.
tired, but it's going to be oh so cool.
Fastgrowing follower list: Yep, Ryan's wife.
having just returned from conf let me add tripleSIGH wtf happened 2 academia
On 10 have to charge for a little .
thank you.
It's my favorite part too.
That was the first time I laughed all night.
RT Great Super Tuesday crack about GOP hopefuls.
why tf do we have school IDs ?
Live without regrets.
Hell of a game!
Dallas destroys Miami!
Good morning America...
Coffee ready?
What...The..FUCK
I'm so mad at my band teacher...the only reason I'm in it is because of high school.
going to the noblesville vs.
avon boys basketball game tonight....
anyone else out there going?
Sounds like fun!
RT : Sunday at 3:30 pm at the convention center; would love to see you!
SXSW // I hope to be there!
I lost my creekstomping pictures as well, not good :
Also standardized tests are very effective at measuring the SES of students and schools.
nothing to be sorry about, have fun with that ;
Thanks much for the RT!
:D
Happy birthday mommy:
Dear , may I DM you about some possible advicegivin'?
lmao!!
I KNOW i ami wonder if i still smell like my moms wagina on the top of my scalp haha
DC Demonstration For justice for Travon Martin.
What's the latest in the case?
reports live on News4 tonight at 6
German speakers: what does the idiom about brushing your teeth von Rot nach Weiss mean?
Is the red the gums and the white the teeth?
DvL
I've often thought why are many tomes on ldoctorhp rooted in warfare?
Rehab Is for Quitters
I need to get my priorities in check.
RT : At T.G.I.
Friday's with the ladies 
Thanks!
Alas, I don't update my blog enough.
Better to follow my LA Times column by signing up on my site for newsletter.
The day she'll have me blush, is the same day a chick wit a phat ass in my face is giving me a lap dance 
Common's new album ...
Wow, most moving album I've heard from him in a long time.
BRAVO!
Picture me rollin.
stone to Jesus' tomb
Glad to hear it!
i remeber i always use to be on tinychat :D
Today's Tech Tip: Coupons and discounts great call to action tools for email newsletters.
that's so crazy!
I'm so happy for you!
You're gonna be a great momma!!
I'll have to see him when I visit!
TY for all the RT's :
Have a fabulicious birthday bella!
Hope you get all you wished for and more.Can't wait to meet you in Staten Island.
XOXO
Don't cry because it's over...smile because it happened 
Holy crap that's funny!
Huge win for the tonight in Seattle!
Way to go and the rest of the Tribe!!
Awesome hit by Wow!!
Restarting my Rosetta Stone classes for Spanish today.
Oh this should be interesting!
anytime!
Betty is such a neat lady.
You're right in that she looks friendly.
She has a beautiful soul.
:
aw, next week then!
You'll be greatly missed.
Truthfully...The ONLY Reason I'm Tweetin' So Much Is To Keep Me Occupied Until I Go See Avengers
8 more to go
Fancy passes like Gasol's are really fun to watch, but I feel like they put unnecessary pressure on the guy getting assisted to to convert.
69 is the only dinner for two.
He doesn't tally up penalties!
He scores goals naturally!
CR7
Will do.
I'm Kaylee btw but people call me Kay for short.
:
shyt ; i gotta pee !
i'm on the bus  i gotta go get my car augh !
where the fuck did u come from ?
It isn't your convo either so stfu ..
ha!
that is my newest, biggest pet peeve.
Could really go for some of Dad's homemade chicken soup right now.
Where are you hiding?
I'm on 5th Floor in Mount Diablo.
I knew you would say something lol
The patio expansion is finally getting painted and it looks awesome!
Changing the way we think changes our life.
If you think you can, you can.
And if you think you can't, you're right.
People watching is a national pastime.
I'm so happy that the artist won!
It truly is the best movie of 2012 so far and deserves the Oscar!
how was lunch at Potomac's ?
johnwright238 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Listening now to Pärt's Berliner Mass.
Interesting how Pärt's minimalist style evokes here so strongly medieval polyphony.
Statistically verified: Best.
State.
Ever.
MT P would like to thank WI for being more willing to answer polls than anyone else
Noticing a few of those in traditional media who I loved to follow on Twitter and FB are slowly vanishing from digital space.
The canton bocce league starts tonight!!
1.50 miller lite doctorfts and 6 pitchers at Looneys after the game!
Good luck to all the RA Candidates this weekend!
Just be yourself and have fun!
THE SINGOFF's featuring our very own joined Sara Bareilles in concert last night in Nashville!
Were you there?
I know it was supposed to be a gag gift, but the nose trimmer my stepmom got me actually can solve a variety of problems.
Take short showers instead of baths.
Wen I was lil my football coach use to say I have hands like R Moss.
I said NO I have hands like Donald doctorver!
we just got 2 books in the mail to go along with our dental hygiene lesson, so we read those.
GRAVE MERCY by Robin LaFevers.
I have a few historical/linguistic quibbles, but overall it's really quite good.
Met with Isagenix colleague today.
Joining the IsaDerby.
Can't wait to see our team's progress!
I reflect today by moving forward.
I will honor the victims of 9/11 and pray for healing in the NY/NJ/CT families.
NEVER FORGET.
LET'S ROLL!
At the dentist...fun about to get some gas
I'm not up there.
How do I fix that?
Oh and I'm emailing you tomorrow...I have an NYC update!
:
I actually liked it more than I thought I would!
It's more Bachelor than HG...I could send it to you, if you are interested.
I don't run for fun.
If I run past you, you're going to want to catch up because something bad is chasing me.
if you doctornk beer, and you're a band?
we're gonna be fuckin tight friends  Fieldy RIP old
You've gotta stand for something or you'll fall for anything.
That's so right.
People make a complacent mistake when they think struggle is only in the past.
We are living history now.
I am determind to have NIWL shirt.
thanks for the follow , J Armani
23 hours to vacation.
Not that I'm keeping track or anything.
going to try to follow all the Mahomies on twitter, might take awhile :P
Its hard to walk when your dick is taped to your leg.
Allow yourself to get upset by some downturns but remind yourself to pull yourself together
thanks for the follow!
go ahead and make fun, but I think Lady Gaga is pretty rad.
Frank's got my back!
thanks.
will let you know.
still in early brainstorming phase.
love it
I wonder if I can marry Tupac's hologram?
Can't believe we are already in week 5 of Spring season.
Plans are in the works for Summer.
Then fall.
Then Merry Christmas.
I didn't say it was cool or particularly good, but it's a fact that it's now popular
Stop trying to stay in the picture if you're not needed.
Now you really are just somebody that I used to know.
Campaign Finances Georgia Envisions Instant City Room: Wall St.
Protesters Mock CeaseFire Observers in?
If a man be gracious  courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world.
Bacon
Good first period in Tampa.
leads 21.
still very much in this game.
iWillNeverTrust any man, because men are evil at heart
r u offended?
Jo Maxi  a cab.
ex.
I think youre pretty bollixed.
Im calling you a Jo Maxi!
was a good one!
Waiting for it to get cold and windy enough to do some more meaningful temp tests!
The knicks is linning right now
Picking up the phone and calling a competitor is awesome.
There goes Barnes
Let's go Bucky!
i love that!!
MAN ROC IS SO HOT HE IS JUST GOREGOUS I LOVE HIM HE JUST SO WOO I LUV MB
AfricanGuyProblems RT Why is serge ibakas lips always glistening?
Bishop Gorman gym filled with coaches.
San Francisco's Rex Walters, Harvard's Tommy Amaker, UNLV's Dave Rose among the head coaches here now
RT : Steveston Farmers and Artisans Market this weekend: Fill your fridges with yummy fresh Farmers Market food an......
Comedy and music is the PERFECT combination!
Night all x
Happy I got to wish happy birthday in person and happy to be returning to wellfleet with , and Amy!
You honestly don't think so?
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
Don't worry,Sean.
Super Mario will help Tebow!
wish you were there...don't worry, there will be more for you to come and see!
glad you're joining us!
Are you contributing your points towards a genealogy society?
Haha I've had my twitter for almost 3 1/2 years now!
Most are  replies :
just a few minutes now.....
HappyEaster to all
I wish I wasn't lazy yesterday and had gone for my run.
Now I have to do it this morning, but I don't want to.
Ok, I'm going!
I 2nd that!
This season is CRAZY, and I love it!
come  get me you bitchfaceasian.
are you at PSU?
Morris Day is coming back to  maybe I can reprise my role as a lead backup dancer.
I have no idea what's going on.
Have an exit strategy for cloud computing.
Strategy to find another cloud provider
Reggaeton was on and noone danced?
.
I want to go get in a pool
i cant believe you would say that hubby !!
you know better than that you know i wouldnt cheat on you :
Hey , how do I get verified?
I swear people need oscars now and days the way they playin roles
ronpaul time to take care of home, not abroad!
shout out to my fav follower ya follow him
We need a comeback : Hip hop is so down right now..
something needs to change.
with our wonkiest tweet yet.
Nice work, Alyson.
kay I added you  lol
Planes are Soo loud 
you're lame now beat it!
no problem boss
Downloaded Pandora yesterday..
One telecon down, one to go.
RT ikno : said i dont kno a wat's but when i see him ill tell him you said sup lmao
u are doing a program?!
That is awesome!
I sense the Spurs SLOWLY turning it on, but for cryin out loud stay on your man
I.
Am.
Encoding.
Film.
its a big deal in Iowa.
Duh RT : It's seems like being tipsy, and being in a airport go hand in hand, pilots have the right idea...
you should def check miss pixies when you get a chance...they had a ton of stuff...you might find what you're looking for
Me: into cultural politics of urban renewal.
You: into anything with which we can cobble together a panel.
DM if interested.
Aye!
Down 10lbs in just 3 weeks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Abs comin in legs and arms toning up!
I'm feelin GOD!!
I'm home from school sick today :/ If you follow me I'm sure I will feel much better:
Hitting up against the mindset of pure developers is a bit frustrating even if you can speak the language
Savage U is trending!
i just watched it, i like, i like.
not a dumb question.
Ed.D is more focused on practice and Ph.D.
is more focused on research in education.
Umffff ..
now that boy is the definition of sex.
free online
cuzzo is so protective!!
Like the big brother I never had!
maybe I should have pointed out oxycontin is vegan?
lord knows ElRushbo eats that shit like candy
Come shop  help those in need  all Thrift Shop proceeds stay local to benefit community!
Get Austin Mahone Verified why isnt it trending yett!!!!!!
It's the remix ignition
Ha!
I got that too...
I remember that stop on your SxSW tour in 2009 tho.
MuthaTruckas need to update  archive their blogs.
Thought my twitter acct needed a background change for SDSUmonth and marchmadness.
Go Aztecs!
Thanks for hosting us!
Proceeds tonight go directly to the CPS teachers who are performing!
Listening to the MEH Greenewalt musical finding aids
RT : where is I'm tryna get this day doctornk poppin  the crib bro leggo
Yes thats what I figured.
Thanks Liam, I appreciate your time.
If I'm out of the office by the time you send, I will respond Mon.
FREE 2 hour workshop for teens and their moms Mon, April 4th, 79pm in the BAY AREA.
For registration email
we have to stay another night :
RT : Dana Gioia is now one of my favorite people, and I don't even read poetry...
props uscwc
OMG I KNOW.
he said he was gonna follow me.
he didnt though WHHYWHWYHWYWHWYWH WJITHGRDUSJVFGSR
Maybe it's not always about trying to fix something broken.
Maybe It's about starting over and creating something better
Smith: noted life sciences depts were impacted by increased enrollment, tells students to speak up to notify depts to up sections.
IT'S TIME TO doctorNK
Dealery aggregates daily deals from numerous group deal sites in one place,dealery.com  many other cities
That's like me and technology.
In other news your avatar is fab.
RT via  Newspapers are like the iPad...but with paper.
prsms :
Still sitting on the tarmac, waiting to deice...grrrrr
I need a developer.
I'm and idea person and want apps developed.
RT : ...Just like a prayer, You voice can take me there...
hoping you get all the guys in the booth on here, tell Lou and sing never too old to get with the times
Can't believe I graduate from college in seven days!
So sad John won't be here!
Don't take things for granted!
Man...Barnes finally comes too life up in here 2nd half UNC will mk a big run
Bizarre, but I think being introverted helps.
Working w/ kids is taxing, but not like working w/ adults.
Hats off to you too!
is feeling a bit nervy about going back to work tomorrow.
Follow bck Bro
Thank you for sending the message about my campaign with these awesome shirts.
The Grand Opening of All In One Boutique  BEST
followed c:
Interesting throughline relating to the disruption of the black/queer/beautiful image in HR roundtable.
thekidslikeme that only have beats solos cause our parents don't just buy shit for us
Im surprised , I havnt tweeted all day .
!!
Can't believe Lord Grantham is falling for Thomas' BS.
Yes We Do
Couch sale  TODAY ONLY!!!
30 off all couches!
Help us make space for new merchandise!
RT ireallywant to be able to control my temper at times : my bad .
.
Scorpio omg yes!!!!!
Smh...
I got to spin  don't feel like paying 10 for 3 people to see Jiggly.
Lol oh well I'll use 15 to pretend I met her and buy me a pitcher
4 hours to finish my paper, pack, and gtfo wehh not ready to leave
RT President Obama: I dont care how many ways you try to explain it: Corporations arent people.
People are people.
i hope i have a good freaking doctoram tonight.
Can't wait for nice weather on Friday
It's good to be a Yankees fan.
Indeed.
late night I get sappy.
I say things on text/twitter that is so girlie.
In the morning I regret it,like doctornk dialing only hormonal dialing.
is there an actual store?
Or is it all online
Still thinks its Karma for banning Prospace.
The life of a culture vulture / ecohead isn't easy: Kettner Nights, a concert, Energy Day, Prius Club, Arts Open, Brazilian Day San Diego.
More jokes like this Gay people should have the right to be miserable like the rest of us.
Makes me laugh so hard I pee my and your pants
The Dark Side of Reality  Part I by femmeflashpoint
2 things I'll never pay for: Sex and Office Supplies.
I'm blessed
Article pages coming soon on AnatomyNow.com!
We want to know what you would like to read about.
Tweet a reply.
Medicine news?
Tips?
Stories?
Love Is Like A Fairytale.You trust, care, and loyal to them.The One You Adore So Much.Wanna Spend the rest of your life.Love loss its found.
Yeah I'm In London For About A Month Visiting Family  Stuff :
Love is like a violin.
The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever.
June Masters Bacher
morning it snowing heree at long last
I am working hard!
Working hard for the money as one song states
a nightmare just ate up your doctorams
To be human is a privilege, not an excuse.
When does she not have an attitude
Conditional order submitted for FB IPO...
let's see if I actually get any.
Nice to see Fifa Street promoted to the top of my 'Brighton council' search column in Tweetdeck.
Targeted marketing at its best.
also we should go doctornk for the b's game.
I'm thinking winds but im open to suggestions.
done!
I liked your FB page.
Way to go, mister Rush!
Kudos, and a big Spirit yell.
Just finished editing the Liquid Green Stuff review.
Glad I bought a new camera because this last video was out of focus.
Blarg.
Sometimes I'm terrified of my heart..
Of it's constant hunger for whatever it is it wants.
The way it stops  starts.
Spent a bunch of time yesterday building something!
cc:
Is playing at the maple leaf tonight!!
Hoes be out when its hot doe
Had a doctoram where I told someone my career goal and they said it would never happen.
Pretty sure I slapped them.
just finishing my sweeps shoot dwntwn and going to head back to station!
Heard my girl will be instudio tonight!
Can we just do a debate with Perry, Bachmann, Hunstman and Cain.
I'll pay for it.
Mindless entertainment
To the shenanigans known as work, I'm done with you for the week!
oh gosh I have a sore throat too but my throat is like closing
We cant thank you enough San Marcos!
Thanks for followin us!
Two record weeks at ZUZU Thank you Austin and come enjoy Hatch Chiles in anything you want!!
Thanks Rep.
Conyers: family planning means the better health of infants  women
Anyone else think Peggy hill from king of the hill looks like Sarah palin
A girl just walked past me who was so pretty I forgot to look at her tits.
what?!
What happened
not even a little funny....
Nope not even a little....
I'm honored to have you as a follower.
Arrive exhausted, no napping, hydoctorte, only eat  sleep at the appropo local time  keep your curtains open so you wake to the sun
And which party does the Penguin represent?
I can't seem to remember!
Politics 
The first doctornks will be popped at noon.
Bout to be a shitshow.
Lets show them how we roll Ku and whoop some fucking ass.
Do you expect anyone to take u seriously?
RT how about what Mile Dean did to players wanting leave to follow O'Neil to UT?
'the' publisher is looking at my book today....wish me luck!
Breaking: on Passover, Jews do not simply eat matzah in addition to everything else.
Making it available helps us not at all.
Women walking down Melrose smoking a joint.
Thanks!
Hope you're enjoying the rest of your visit to
Need a title for my abroad WordPress.
Witty, Incorporate HK, Asia Not everyone can be as creative as 's
Semi's tossed like a child's toy in Lancaster, TX.
Roofs gone in Arlington, Crosby Elementary hit in Forney, loses roof.
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state .
huge man crush on the guy :
I am a Yankees fan, but I have to give u your do.
Solid outing, very impressive!!!
My guys we make it right tomorrow.
Why are space tourism flights classified as roundtrip?
What is the possible alternative?
Pop the hatch and leave you floating?
There's no doubt about it: We HubSpotters love Halloween, and we always take it pretty seriously
Don't Miss SPOTLIGHT Thursdays at CLUB 101!
Very UPSCALE setting!
Dance the night away to VIDEO DJing!
3.00 u call it all night LONG!
I FAILED MY TEST :/ I GOT 52 failed too : WE SUCK!!
good morning lol
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 23
It is too early for this much snow!
No power and a trees down everywhere, not looking forward to
Looking for some seafood tailgate options for openingday.
Maybe some fish fry action or seared ahi tuna steaks.
Any ideas??
Hi  who might I contact about donations/sponsorships for an event?
The Dean from Community is now an Oscar winner.
That is one of the best movies I have ever seen!
Now I have seen everything.
attacking from the left?!
bro we are doing it all!!!!
I really want to have a paint fight though!
There aren't a pair of pants that intimidate this women.
This might be the quote of the day at
Kobe was too passive on that last possession.
Yeah I know he's almost literally dead, but yeah.
What is this prime thing?
Andy Soffer
Wieters coming up to the plate with Jones on.
Don't go to sleep yet
Found a puppy last night and returned it to its owner
I think it was less about change and more re the choice given and how it was presented
My single greatest fear is not having feared enough.
would that be THE 17time NBA Champion Boston Celtics?
do you not love Virgin, it's my favorite white leather recliner ever!
blowing it up
If you would create something, you must be something.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
Hexidecimal Hashtags: 000000 hole sun, won't you come...
Looking forward to seeing work it out on ON THA GRIND...
Ps I really really miss you.
Come bring your bride home to see us soon!
Xo
Do you consider mapping out a complicated travel itinerary for a big vacation a research project?
SWAG DADDY
Want to spark a cause or consumer engagement?
Activate and motivate bloggers and influencers on a personal level.
Appeal to their passion.
This pic is priceless!
LOL he needs a timeout!
hahaha
IAlwaysWonderIf you still think about the times we had...
I love Milwaukee
Polo Beach up on North Shore.
Where was the orgy supposed to be at?
I want an invite to that one.
wow..
I can't believe Pia went home!
Truly shocked..
We won't see the last of her, I'm sure she has a deal in the works..
Go Pia!!
A lot of hookers are out of biz in hollywood with craigslist being down.
sopa lol

Ramones...
the '90s are the new '70s to me!
Actually I meant Lisa was in the '90s, not her music :: BSides  Broken Hearts
dam..man..great writing once..again and now I don't have tell the story..thank you
re: the heels, academia knows no pain, right?
And hello!!
I've joined the Twitterverse!
Directioners, there is a contest coming out soon, we will giving out two tickets for 1D, we will announce the rules and details by Monday!!
That teacher got me fuckkkkedd up
You want to be on the ruling staff?
I could use some good people.
;
Enjoyed hanging out.
We should def hang again this summer.Take care
oh sry that means I know right lol
but sometimes exciting stuff makes me have anxiety like my niece being born.
OH: The steak sandwich.
Is a very high quality meat.
In my own world for ever nd ever
I MISS YOU SOO MUCH MORE IF KIDNAPPING WAS LEGAL THAN I WOULD GET A BUS AND COME STEAL ALL OF YOU GUYS
bored in class?
shuffle!
www.aaron.tv
I just checked.
Little disappointed that nobody else has used that cool hashtag...
YOUR LIPS.
SO SOFT SO SOft
Well normally I'd send you a tweet back with a reply but I haven't had much experience with natures crack  least not yet hahaha
sun out; setting up pool!
That feeling when all the niggas respect you and the bitches know not to say nothin to you cause you gone dawg em
Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmister Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
Nothin' like realizing that the lime green bra you wore is totally visible through your doctorss...
at 5pm.
Omg these lame asses are crying
So, any good fart jokes today?
RT : Making film friends 2day in New York City
I Wish Someone Would Have Told Me How Much Love Sucks .
.
FF because i feel like he will become famous one day 3
MT : Your resume  cover letter are marketing tools.
Make your personal commercial snappy  eyecatching.
Through 1 at CBP and there is no score.
thank u for following sweetie ;
Someday, I'll have grandkids and I'll tell them, Things were so bad, I voted for John Kerry thinking shit would get better.
Felt like 5 minutes, was an hour and a half...
wopps...
sleep time
Got some time to kill?
Swing by and listen to some of our songs!
People might hate, or judge.
But no matter what, I will always support Austin.
same lol i just got done tryin to find a job :P
RT : Mondays are offensive.
have you seen Raising Hope?
They have a rotary phone!
EXACTLY.
Edgar, everything you tweet is invalid unless it says me, lexi, or one direction is sexy.
House panel okays 33 billion in food stamp cuts
The link in my bio explains how to be in the video, any questions just ask me :
Laid down KQ on a JJ98T board after leading 35 into a 145 pot, old man moves in for another 115.
I'm a huge ZONA fan today!!!
Go Cats!..
outlook man.
It is amazing.
You still working at EIG.
Ms.
Valley need to take my damn book..
Shit is too heavy to be carrying around all day.
hope you had a safe trip :
They'd love to time death of civilunions w/likely passage of NC marriage discrimination to send natl message, don't you think?
Been missing ya'll too!!!
Work twitter work has kept me busy the last few months.
NEED.
NOW.

Very cool.
What made you start?
What styles have you brewed?
Did you like them?
I graditated in December.
I'm bonafide now.
;
Do you love working with people?
Assisting thousands of IT professorssionals to reach their career potential?
If yes, let me know!
I am hiring 
So done with this I just want to go home and sleep and not get criticized for everything I do.
Sorry for my offer of helping.
BIG BROTHER TONIGHT!!
lmao.
I'm like the only one that watches it...
I AM JEALOUS!
2thingsiappreciate friends and family
Bobby Flay spotted in DC today
so much fun!
even more fun watching you try to eat it...
3.
Dang it.
I hate typos, even in tweets.
I'm so excited about BlogTV tonight!
Lets get this party started!
:D
I am thankful for you who has do work today, to keep us NFL fans entertained and informed each and every day.
Nm in a doctor office u?
love the slow jogger professorle part.
Yes I really do need a vacation.
More than 3 days at a time.
ballchain
doubt it but did you see his HR trot, looked like his achilles was bothering him yesterday pretty bad.
Celebrating my BDay!
Spent the Day at The San Francisco Zoo w/all the Animals!!
How perfect!!
What Blessings!
:
3Hrs and 45mins: the time we have left until the world ends....
bummer.
You know you need to go to bed when everyone starts debating who has the best sign.
capricornswin ;
We are celebrating our 6 Year Anniversary May 24th!
Be sure to mark your calendars for the biggest party in Belltown!
I often feel that the biggest thing I have going for me is my willingness to constantly humiliate myself.
Oh Voxer what are you?
Tip: don't use the scented cucumber body wash when yer sick.
U may just blackout f the nausea
what's wrong best friend?
cornish game hen for treats on halloween...ROFL
Every time the song Call on me comes on...
I start thrusting in my car.
I just want you.
Check out my friend Corey McCormick playing bass tonight with POTR and WIllie Nelson on Jimmy Fallon.
A real treat!
Just finished eating tacos...
durant is keeping the spirit of the supersonics alive homey...as long as he's healthy itll be murder!!!!!!!!!
More new photos  Colorado Scenery  www.pbase.com/issyr/coloradoscenery
Thanks for the FF :
Yeah, I'm sympathetic.
Maybe a good time to practice deep breathing techniques, since I imagine you can't crack a beer.
C'mon...baby where you wanna go?
Can't wait to hang out with Robin tomorrow and Oakley Saturday!
3
you know they better have or we're coming after them lol!
Senate Ed committee starting soon.
1169 school discipline up 4 1st reading
Kicking this cold in the butt.
Too bad my feet are tore up from dancing in high heels all day.
I would enjoy a piece of pumpkin bread right now
: I need alone time with .
Is that too much?
I guess so...
I am a sucker for a good adagio, which is exactly the reverse of what I would have said 15 years ago  DvL
Happy mothers day to all those moms who busted their asses wiping ours and working hard to keep us happy, you ladies deserve it enjoy it !
Someday,someone is going to walk into your life  make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Omg 7 hours
thanks I think we're gonna take her out to eat when I get done working
No..?
Your older than me?
Day 2 of photo shoot with  : can't wait to show y'all the shots we've got!
No wonder I'm tipsy tonight...I worked 58 hours this week, including today.
I locked myself out last night and learned my neighbor can B E
Me and argue like we have known each other for years!
Lol ;
Great auction.
Taking bids to take hot, bighearted girl in gold doctorss to CTC Masquerade Ball next week.
Nicest, cutest guy wins.
i want a boy that acts like a man
Should be interesting.
I recently copied his South American diary, though I haven't yet had a chance to read it.
Please tell me you've already written one called You Can Donut!
Basketball with the boys 3
Hackworth: Everyone in our locker room feels Saturdays loss was an unjust result.
When you feel that way, you want to go out and play again.
hey julie its me mary from school.
please follow me back.
Patience is the key to the right heart.
Jacuzzi and margarita's with the family 
artistbetterthanjcole AAP Rocky!
my mom died while the paramedics tried saving her....
i was sent to the hospital with chest pain....
so i just saw my dad take my snapback 
Bushflight suitaircraft carrieran arrogant fuckhuge insult to folks in uniform.
ObamaNavy Sealsintelligence officerswintrue heroism.
lololololol i was sleeping!!
Now im not!!
no jay!
I will always love you.
RIP.
A child pulled an alarm in the courthouse of the MJ trial stopped everything while the courtroom was dark.for about 3min..RIP MJ.luv u
Take me down like I'm a domino
Enjoying some gluten free pasta.
Yum!
I do not fear death simply because I think it's a transition.
Our souls can't be destroyed.
I realize we are going to live in another life.
that wasn't leaked.
during the 2nd hearing, O'Mara volunteered in open ct to provide the med report to investigators.
Legend of Kora?
What?
Idek anymore.
LSU has better looking uniforms than Alabama, therefore LSU should win the national BCS title.
Only three weeks left of first year at college.
Crazy how time flies!
Woo: Out of bed before 7 AM today!
Boo: Can't call Komen and yell at them til they open at 8.
Hurt feelings take longer to heal than any abdominal strain.
He's sensitive, you know.
do any of those people that are interested in the job wear a sweater vest
hey guess what?
We're going to trend IJEVER LOVES AUSTIN :
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
Did you burn that poem you wrote about BBQ?
Did you burn that BBQ you romanticized on your palate?
Or is it covered in saucy words?
vra2012 Great job VRA Board members, Rob, Billy, Brian and Maureen!
You will be missed.
Well....
Everything's taken care of.
Time to knock out this homework
Again Janie blogged ravenous, greedy, voracious, and grasping
yeah girl :
didnt she announce she was preggers when Beyonce did and they were just as far along as eachother?
WTF

I love pop punk so much!!!!1!
Only listens to man overboard/ the wonder years.
O K
Bro she has a boyfriend..
Yeah so?
soccer has a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score..
congrats on the good buzz!
just found a new pad  wish i had known about you guys sooner!
glad to hear it!
Enjoy the weekend!
Editing?
: As a professorssional editor of words and ideas, I'm wondering: of photos, words, or something else?
also, Guns, Germs and Steel
thanks bro!
if you're in L.A.
and you wanna get tatt'd just hmu!
not yet were small cookies.
I hope she is a big Rangers fan.
I was about to cry today, but the situation only confirmed that I need to teach.
Ticketing is open from 11am9pm today!
Whats on the Lunch Menu Today?
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and achieve any target that you can set for yourself.
90 degrees here in NYC..
spring weather??
I think not!!
LMAO im so excited im going back to work tomorrow
So ready...RT : Almost patio season folks, hopefully a couple more weeks then nothing but sun and fun!!!!
Love when I'm nice to someone and theyre just a bitch back.
I love this one: To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Carl Sandburg
Nice!
Spread some color our way.
;
how yew doing?
The CUTEST white guy just walked past me!!
And we made eye contact!!!
:D
you got the disease too.
Packeritis,, don't blame the cause blame the disease lol
who doesn't?
Charlie is the name of the dog that's gettin loose in this lake btw, his owners are freaking out
: was i right?
Yes sir, the kid and the big ticket...
did i mention our environmental POWER MOVE ?!
www.disruptivefood.com
BlackMonopolyGamePiece a blunt
ACommonEngine takes the Up and Under Pub stage at 10:30 tonight!
Come on out for swag and good music!
such a true story hope you are well my dearest!
Xo
At Monterey airport waiting for my flight.
10 hours to NY.
Argh!!!
It's ok I suppose.
We lost anyway haha
Oh.
I forgot that was also a possibility.
I went with the more inhabited one.
God, may I hear your voice through the people I meet today.
What smell reminds you of mom?
I was literally loling.
How do they even end up on the show like wut.
if you say a pick up line you should just get out of town
thanks so much for your help : 
wheres my graduation tickets
Worse night of sleep ever, but on the upside.
I have 2 fully functional apocalyptic doctorid legs.
hahaha I would love to see that.
The squirrel in my house is just my sister
Chocolate amp; Bacon:For some very adventurous chocophiles, theres a chocolate bar that contains bacon
are you wearing 4 inch heels to work.
hit me on the email.
Happy Birthday can I get a RT for havin my Bday a day before yours!
I know the feeling
Tiara don't even know the art of BASKETBALL why am I even entertaining her sucka a opinion!
Very Where The Wild Things Are!
eh?
Nice to meet you Sarah
Criticism is destructive.
This is why it is the favorite pastime of untrained childoctorn  unaccomplished adults...
Late afternoon Starbucks  I'm sinking.
can you email me your contact info at i want to ask a question about your art
Wish they'd recover SUGrad08 For me there are some large blank areas RT We'll be back in the morning with coverage of
Great to have home.
Wish and were here, too.
I thought they changed prettylittleliars from the book
Absolutely ADORE and !
They are ones to watch!
...and watch....until you're arrested.
NOW serving ALL of Florida!!
I'm gonna look it up on youtube
ran 2m: ran/walk 1m.
After being sick on and off for six weeks I'm back on track  6 mile goal.
is it just me or does anyone else find it super funny when you see someone ousted as mayor of a church?
Also goes to show that form and technique trump power.
I'm not feeling all that strong today, and I've done snatches 3 days in a row.
haha your eyess :D well we roll the same way : water proof case?
Aayay haah, all advanced lol :b
Story about the Puerto Rican vote?
Twelve days until AsiaTrinity tour begins.
Looking forward to connecting with the alumni in Seoul, Shanghai, Hong Kong  Taipei.
RT : Visiting Austin for sxsw?
Check out our blog for local favorites like where to get the best coffee for morning...
He conquers who endures.
Persius
how much it cost around j.mills to doctorve?
Guess I'll go to bed now.
Maddy won't be here til late.
Ah, sleeping in.
Looking forward to helping teach a digital storytelling workshop this Saturday with and
Burial for Duffy's Cut Workers A Christian burial for the workers of Duffy's Cut at West Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAVID SWANSON / Staff Ph
ooooooohhhh dyinglaughing  I see you sold us out huh?!?
NSAC: I think that since we have doctor Molina here, and the exec dir here, we should continue

Woody from ToyStory  Scarecrow from Wizard of Oz 
In LAX getting ready to go to DC!
If I can ever get through this line that is...
Hey!
Just doing fun homework!
Pop will make him good.
He ain't Coach of the Year for nothing 
: no.
I hope that he comes here when he goes on tour.
New Super Mario Bros.
2 Coming To 3DS This Summer, First Screenshots Unveiled The Nintendo 3DS will be receiving more Mario in a few mont
lucky u :
Stop comparing Dirk to Bird espn and the rest of the world...
when did I ever support romney?
Vote 4 obama?
I made stupid mistake voting for current gov but I'm not actually stupid
i'll just be swimming at your house.
don't mind me.
ALSO AT ASAP LADIES ARE FREE FREE FREE BEFORE 11:30!!!!!
actually people do like and talk to me so shut the hell up,k?
k
Less than 7 hours until minds get blown during Madison's Hardest Trivia.
9pm Tonight at
follow me !!
Happy birthday!?
Wait until you have a kid.
Puts like 10 years on you in that first year.
Haha
RT : Helped KinderCare attract parents to an open house with radio ads, direct mail  online.
Nearly 60 of attendees...
Ahhahahha!
You just made my night!
Looking for mutualisms involving yeasts, other than those with humans.
Any examples?
Are we the only ones who have partnered with a yeast?
We are rescheduling our Seattle CPA ShopTalk.
If you want to attend, please email me at .
Paging MC Blo Kelvin RT Yo, I'm teaming up wit Coors Light on SFTC2012 to find the Coldest MC in the country.
Where you at?
your music helps stimulate my sphincter
Happy to be a part of it!
Thx for the mention!
RT You guys know Romney said he'd reinstate DADT, right?
Of course, he's also said he wouldn't.
But whatever.
Team AriGrande lol I know that's not it
This coffee isn't working!!!
yea it was a gamechanger
Name 1 thing you miss about being a kid.
,i love you too
finally a good commercial.
chevy
Magic Johnson buying the Dodgers.
Means questions Hulsey if he knows of plans by Rep.
Mark Pocan to rush Capitol doors or encourage others to do so.
Kobe Bean Bryant
I can't wait till spring break!
RIP Beatie Boy Adam!
The first bootlegged cassette tape I ever had was Beastie Boys Licensed to Ill when I was 7 or 8
Then get off twitter  go sleep punk boy RT : Yo I'm tired as hell
Small world.
so great to discover your connection to via Proof the model is working:
i love
Bet ya didnt hear me that time
still trying to understand this tweety world.
What up wid da tweet twit shit?
Yes we are open Rain or Shine!
Come on in!
Just Finished New Wholesale Pricing For Graphic Designers and Resell Shops
yeah right lol
Kentucky in Spring mode is voluptuous.
We demo'd another song last night, the music is coming along amazingly!
God is great!
Why do people allow them selves to live in pain?
In Tallahassee today with Film Florida talking with Legislators
How cool would it be if Rammy walked off Kerry Wood?
case...
point...
lol
If I get 5 Retweets I'll put out a song right now!
Should be ready to go right after Labor Day.
:
New So far, awesome!
:
A city where you can't tell the difference between the homeless and the clevel executives.
Seriously?
I think I'm ready to throw up at the mere thought of the heat rub ...
Don't think the NFL doctorft is mustsee TV?
25.3m folks watched it on NFL Network and the Worldwide Leader.
That's an 18 ratings bump.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
For and others wondering about the weather: the phrase it's frikkin' cold out here comes to mind.
The first 50 guests tomorrow at our tulsa cafe opening will be gifted a jar of la Madeleines signature tomato basil soupe.
Open at 6:30 AM
we are, well I am nobody ever asks how you are
I wanna go home ..
Like RIGHT NOW
Is it possible US officials Chen to leave China?
said yes, both sides are being backed into uncomfortable positions
Today I realized that I am the worst golfer that has ever put his feet on a golf course!
Stick to poker, dumbazz!
RT Great pres from about iPads and EHRs, don't have to be geek to provide value!
I can fake with the best of anyone
Worth the price, and the bus ride, and the mediocre dinner, and sitting next to a guy who took 1.5 seats, and the opener, and the hecklers
Up and at em
I bet you wish your nose was a dick so you could fuck butts.
We'll be there from 12:302 so stop on by with your bandana and put your name in the raffle to win a nerf gun!
What could the candidates possibly have to say tonight that they haven't already belabored to death?
a guest JUST said to You take the illusion mix it with perception and what you're left with is a mastery of your emotions.
?!?
I Am What I Am !
: When they are all you want, but they want someone else.
Happy 180th birthday to Buffalo!
That sounds perfect!
Let's email/dm particulars.
soon as i get some bread ima go over there for a whole fucking week
It's fall.
You can feel it.
And I love it.
Hello boots and sweaters.
:
Read something about aura.
Interesting theme.
happy birthday!
I'm not at Ink link watching Amanda get her belly button pierced
Getting iinto fights just makes you look like a dumb ass CieraMariexoxo
Every one of my losses today hurt others more than me and/were great to see.
Predicting a less than super turnout on Super Tuesday  likely one of the lowest in history
who gives a fuck about the last word?I'm gonna hve da last laugh when dat bitch flop fuck a word I rather smile :
: any big plans during the hiatus?
Well I said I missed you.
I want my Boo.
Matador soon?
Bring Alison T, , and rest of the crew??
Miss you guys!!
Come on Os I get a one game hangover from the red sox and Yankees series, not 2 games
Larissa marinellie treats me pretty well
Take a road trip to Tullahoma tonight Delnora Reed and I at The Celtic Cup!
Through endurance  the encouragement of the scriptures, we have hope!
I wonder what it would take to awaken a people...
Any thoughts?
Not going to lie, that looks delicious.
Wanted: Sr.
Interactive Designer to jump in  help with our fast growing biz!
A plus if worked in sportsbiz.
We have awesome clients!
its been to long since you've been to Chicago
Three FINALS and then i am FREE!!!!
collegegrad woohoo!
hm.
Was scheduled to play tennis at 430
hahaha baseball sucks
Its super nice out.
Who said 50off menu is for happy hour?
Well, it is for all day and every business day, my friends!!
So come in and enjoy;
I searched the house for quarters this morning.
Surely someone will have change, we can ask random people until they do
your aunt approves of us, you shall too.
And we all just young But women mature faster than men so they say that's y most dudes that fukup make women tired of looken
My favorite mobile app is  ?
Tell me!
What in the world was Unforgettable??
RT : CBS cancelled shows I never even knew existed.
time for a block clean up
Vegan chocolate stomachache, whoops.
Not used to this amount of fat now, I guess...
cancer journal impact factor
Yeah nothing says irrelevance like begging for relevance.
Air travelers being told to seek shelter from tornado at DFW airport
as we know FB was down for a few this morning.
still, i wouldn't put it past them to police content in this way, especially in the future.
Photoshoot next weekend with RubyReddCheeks Boutique SO EXCITED.
Party goin down tomorrow night we need all the bosses to come thru we got Strippers, Music,  doctornks.
7 Entry 3 doctornks hit us up for info
i want to go to Netherlands tomorrow for a 's concert.
apparently this is the one thing im being honest about.
greatest fat and doctornk athlete of all time, Babe Ruth
Made the choice to put me first, no more being afraid, no more worry what others have to say...you have one life, live it to the fullest!
Once I get you I don't plan on losing you.
Sorry I let y'all down tonight.
I'll keep trying my hardest.
Now let's go do some work on Tuesday
RT : I've been clearing you out of your Sanbitter, Crodino and Frizz stock!
So good, I'm so glad you guys carry them!
I need to get to Abu Dhabi, it's high on my list of things to do  I'm just saying!
sammi, come home
It's been great seeing you on Welcome!
check out www.pandora360.com to try and get the last spot to vegas and hear what will soon be a very popular song.
All labour that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaking with painstaking excellence.
doctorMartin Luther K Jr
My roommate for the night at orientation is ok!
thanks man!
A great day for
no I wanna know
We still have some openings for our goal setting workshop this Saturday from 910 at the office.
Free, but space is limited.
RSVP 7045226410
Follow a great leader, Milwaukee treasure,and cochair of 's Back to School Annual Dinner!
I can arrange something ; RT : now I need a wiener schnitzel.
I mean...I always want a wiener schnitzel, but now I need one.
hell naw lmao Scalabrine  Wade yesterday lbs....lucky his teammates pulled him away before Spoelstra beat that ass lmaoo!
awwweee thank you
In a life time, the average human can fill an Olympic
Happy easter to everybody on twitter
American idol
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 3
Good morning.
Keep pushing keep pressing
On the other hand, if you've never heard Joe Rezek talk about U.S.
aesthetics of provinciality you shd come to Affiliation/Dis
Thanks for following our tweets about chiropractic resources in the PDX area!
Retweet us now and then ;
When a guy talks about our future, he means it : HateLies3Trust
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Looking forward to seeing your production!
Oh how I'm enjoying the beat down that the Sixers are handing to the Bulls.
ok i wont get it till another like 30 minutes though cause all i have is twitter on my phone WeMissAustin!
did you just..?
HAHAHAHAHAH !!!
doctornking the Mimecast SAAS CoolAid...learning about why our solution actually makes sense!
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend.
plz be summer soon.
Last night in Suwanee :
Twittering test!
same here.
Couldn't shake it for about a month.
Also can't look at hedge clippers the same way again.
how about our corrupt county supervisors?
What the fuck is wrong with people?
anyways williams dance last night was really bad :x roshon is an amazing dancer, singer and actor 333 no one can beat him.
ThingsMyExSaid three little words that mean so much but are hardly ever true.
Three little words that'll be told to me time and time again.
well the brownies...but they were basically batter anyways
Damn, The Seeds of Doom is incredibly intense!
And that was only the first two episodes!
RT : Years teach us more than books.
I follow people that I think are interesting but I just realized I am following someone that tweets in a different language!
On that iPhone 4s swag now
The Letter of the day is T..Tuesday, Tunes, Tacos, Tickets..Brass Monkey!!
Sleep is essential for repairing negative effects on body tissue as well as maintaining sharp thinking, focus, and memory.
Hell ya that's what's good erased My Facebook for a min till I get more music to push ill holla at you on here
When the mother of your child acts like she's way too cool to talk to you when she's with her friends.
Tight.
How is everyone doing with the appraisal management companies?
Need any advice?
Ask it here.
Sitting here trying to make sense of it all.
We were best friends and now we don't even talk.
: Joel Osteen is preaching at a stadium in DC.
Pacquiao on gay men: Should be put to death.
Tell your friend it depends if it was a no show, ankle, quarter, or tube sock.
On Melrose.
All the cheese has escaped from the cheese store.
I love the show
Plus he was wearing Christian Dior 201 spring collection.
you're welcome
Nobody talked up the Spurs because they Darth Vader'd the league without any DUNNNNNNKKKKZZZZ
yeah cuz u irrelevant and unintelligent breath smell like brethren.
U FAIL
I love being back to work.
The Vacation mother nature gave me was nice but now its time to get some stuff done.
its honestly so cold outside.showering is officially a near impossible task, walking is out of the pic.
so go head and call me a lazy pig
what powerpoint?
Sweet  is such a luscious word..
Sometimes it takes the longest time to recognize the simplest things.Well liked rug left in attic for 1 yr works great in my study.
hows your day going babe?
X
The most amazing thing doctorpbox has done is not add a ton of crappy features.
Seen Skydoctorve?
Andy Dalton  AJ Green  CoOffensive Rookies of the year!!
WHODEY!!!!!!!
...across something/you find a delicate/riot a sweatshirt/this somehow tear/soaked street//everyday the sun comes out/and we forget...
The difference a day makes...
Cleveland whats up!
If I was going to worship I had to forgive the process.
We've acquired ourselves a tarot card reader for The Lost Weekend!
How exciting is that?
You are definitely a TECH NERD trapped in a models body!
your the best, too bad I can pick up clay Travis radio signal in Glasgow!
I believe that is what ended Eliot Smith.
The fact that my arm is still sore from Wii tennis is not only absurd but embarrassing as well.
Miss, I Christ You!
oh yess I love tea!
Hilarious.
RT : I can't look at a person on a Segway anymore without thinking of Gob Bluth.
oh yeah it's Wednesday facepalm.
What a week lol.
RT : 10X Showcase Day!
Good luck to and the rest of the teams!
No worries, I didn't get to the heart of my work either.
Two minutes is incredibly short.
Makes me rethink the sales pitch!
Which beer for my sake bombs?
pbproblems am i also allowed to do this alone?
hi there!
I have adhd I'm convinced.
I'm excited about this year's Maryland Film Festival
lol a where the girl and dont say idk
The heart is the most important muscle in the body.
We can live without a arm or leg, but not without a heart.
Going to agree with you on that.
I've given up all I can, it's not enough.
and just tweeted about very different tech weeks, and it made me so happy that I keep up w/both!
Join the CAC tomorrow April 5  noon outside Memphis City Hall to raise the Childoctorn's Memorial Flag for kids lost to child abuse.
thank you!
It was great meeting you today!
:
you are so lucky
BOYFRIENdoctorview these type of songs are so perfect for you
76ers are a bunch of gazelles coming in here said BostonCeltics coach Doc Rivers before series.
lmaooo you are so funny p that would happen
Thanks for the RT!
dude.
Your tweet made the cover of Flipboard.
You're famous!
And I know you!
Whoopee.
Susan
No matter who says what, you should accept it with a smile and do your own work.
Mother Teresa
no skool, going to the ER..i hope im ok, everytime i go i get surgerys!
D;
because humans degenerate relatively quickly.
if its every 56 years, a lot can happen.
ya for real!
And who is paying this announcer to suck BYU's wang??
Choice Eating's tabbouleh salad with the grilled chicken tenders just says fresh.
This is bullshit being up this early.
:
Lol JUST KIDDING 
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you, life!
Happy Mother's Day !!
Watching the season finale of GossipGirl  I'm crying iloveyou but right now I just want to hold chuck...
it's pretty random fun!
Monday is here, we just want to say thank you to everyone that is serving and has served.
Your service has not  will not be forgotten!!!
Just completed work as a principal character in a photo shoot for Bayer Pharmaceuticals.
Very sorry.
will deal w/ it rt away.
Can you please send your name and addoctorss to ?
We'll get rt on it
I get your point, obv.
Maybe it's companies vs.
products.
If you run a company you're foolish not to have a path to wealth.
We are now officially open.
Grab a slice of Milwaukee's best on the east side of town.
Find us at 1609 E.
North Ave.
414270 1880
how many post9/11 ticker tape parades have there been?
seems like a whole different sensibility now
Wow, that was the most thorough pat down of my life.
According to the TSA agent, it was all due to my glittery sweater.
yaaay got a shirt!
Thanks!!!
I wish i could pick up the game tonight.
It'll have to wait for tmw :/
The news on the DOW is obviously positive.
But the job numbers are what Obama needs to worry about when it comes to getting votes.
Hey ottawa...meet Boston College hockey
just pwned me and at Monopoly...
Newly tapped: Sly Fox Winter Ale and Rust Belt's Coke Oven Stout
Miss you already, special friends!
We returning again Thurs from 8pm to 10pm with our countdown of the hottest Indie music.
I think the best thing about being at the beach, is being at the beach.
freshman year has definitely had some unexpected turn of events!
New books at school!
Reading through a small pile at home tonight.
SO hard not to share w/ students but not in circ system yet.
Q7: to continue to grow/learn  encourage the same of others.
FF two of my favorite Photoposters:  always enjoy clicking through on their links.
you better not be tweeting from the floor...
Kobe is balling tonight
who do you think will win
You guys aren't selling single day passes?
So I'm getting my new Evo shift up and running and I just dl'ed Angry Birds to see what the fuss is about....
The cure for persistent loneliness lies in breaking the negative cycle of thinking that created it in the first place.doctor Heidi Halvorson
takin shots at don't get butthurt about his top 10, brian.
MAY 26th DOWN IN IOWA AT TH VAL AIR BALL ROOM Im spinning lego
Complete and SHARE: Today I will GiveBIG to  because .
When you say I'm one of the creepy kids, it's a compliment.
I'm a creep.
I'm a CreepForLife.
I'm a
Lakeshow owns LA
sinking AND lifting
probably wiles and nestle took it or whatever the fuck their names were
I wish.
Super quick visit.
Brought tears to my eyes!
RT Today's Google Doodle will make even the biggest Valentine cynic smile.
i really need to vent to someone on the phone before i start crying again....anybody ?/:
Good News, will be in NYC at least till July 1st.
Just extended!
We're gonna have some fun!
I got a lot of family in Juarez.
If you run into anyone who's last name is Vélez, tell them their primo Manuel les manda abrazos!
URGENT!
Hey everyone, free orange chicken from Panda Express!
go to their facebook and print the coupon!
its for tonight after 9
This Commencement album will be highly anticipated !
Highly !
It's been 100 years since Titanic sank!
Tonight, catch Titanic with Len Goodman and learn how its legacy lives on.
On MPTV 10 at 7pm.
: I'm so blessed, I thank god for everything !!
Every little thing is a blessing to me 
Thanks for the event.
had a great time meeting the citizens of San Diego.
They really hunger for the truth.
Everybody's working for the weekend, so what are your weekend plans?
TGIF!
So happy for  has earned and deserves a shot at a job in the NFL.
I mean that in the nicest way possible.
Very pretty in that avi of yours
at least you don't have the humidity like we do!
bestbreakupexcuses beastiality is not my things...
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
I'm so serious.
That's why a bitch got extra thigh meat.
Anyone up to see at Chop Suey 10pm tonight?
She's awesome.
But I need rally assistance.
Why fuggl...Oh, there it is.
Your Fuggold Bitter sounds great, by the way.
Supt of Year Johnson carries quote: who you are makes a difference 
Missing you too.
:
omg haah.
so I doctorve nicole to the party and WMYB was on in the car so we turned it all the way up and made the car bounce.
I know!
Hahaha :
This is great!
The Missouri Comets will be playing against the Chicago Riot tonight at the Independence Events Center.
Call for game tickets: 8884930004
Haha don't be makin' fun of my flat ass!
That is low, bro.
So cool to see so many schools winding up the year with field trips to LDCM.
We will see you all this summer!
hey Shane ily:
You asked for it!
Time change for Sunrise Yoga Tuesdays  Thursdays at 6:30am with
: The newest episode will be out tmistermorning at 8am EST: crazy Sam Neill: Event Horizon/In the Mouth of Madness
thanks for following!
Following back.
The cruise was awesome  thanks to everyone for making it the best one yet!
Next show: Lone Star Music in Gruene, TX.
Thursday, 67pm, solo
Really enjoyed my first pecha kucha experience last night  now know how to pronounce it thanks to the modified Muppets song!
I wasn't quick enough :
I love aggressive ladies
i want to laugh my ass off watching the
Not trolling, but perfectly comfortable using humor while raising real points.
Pretty open about any agenda I had this convo...
RT : The 1 thing an immediate mgr can do to doctorve engagement is to facilitate discussion abt career development.
Can send print or Ejust email mailing addoctorss to newszumayaotherworlds.com for former.
Pretty sure someone just walked by my office whistling Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer.
April wasn't that cold, was it?
had an awesome day, lunch out and shopping, now back to the studio for some quilt piecing before bed!
How many ppl are going to play the 500 million lottery this Friday??
Bout to go shopping for my easter dinner then off to watch my daughter practice for her cheer comp.
this weekend Go warriors!

Shout out to all the K members that are color blind
Great idea!
We'll get on it.
LiteraryEvent 4/24 6:30p Hollywood Library Lit at the Library: M.F.
McAuliffe  David Rutiezer reading from their poetry  fiction
NIST and DOE will soon announce commty college grant awards to prepare bldg indstry professorssionals for comm bldg retrofit campaign.
Haha I did the same thong Jer!
RT Someone please tell me why I just wasted my Saturday afternoon watching Titanic ...
That's hot I thought he was painting nonsense !
via America's Got talent
Don't forget we've got unfinished buisness, stories yet to unfold, tales that must be retold.
Tequila.
Love my friends.
Kyle Blades likes this.
But is not sorry to Chi RT : Loves me some brewcrew  cuck the fubs  Shorry Chicago
At FBI Firearms Training Facility.
Great opportunity for members to learn about the FBI and to shoot very cool powerful weapons!!
Will you be at Staffing Industry Analyst Executive Forum in Las Vegas?
FWIW, I teach a Tolkien class.
Most of the class is usually female.
U look fantastic!
How did you do it?
With the exception of working out, what kind of diet did you have?
: People who stay up later are more likely to experience nightmares.
awesome.
I should probably go to bed now.
Session with PG today
then I'll take you out...and whip you in Tekken.
Cool?
And i love you , i love you , i love you like never before 
Udoh is like another Larry Sanders.
I don't really care about that, but now we have more trade bait in Ellis.
I can only imagine if u tried that shit!
Have a great day!
Today is going to be a good day!
First Davy Jones, now Breitbart.
One who symbolizes timeless youth  one who was still somewhat youthful.
The sickle swings with no care.
Lorenzo and Koko need to get off my mentions.
ugh this is so sad I even cried
Enjoy half priced sushi?
Kiku Japanese Restaurant has 4050 discounts for students who show their student ID!
so im grilling some sausages, hot dogs, and hamburges...plus my gf is making her famous PotatoSalad..come on over ,,just bring beers ok!
d
Washington state Senate passes gay marriage bill  Reuters
OKC has the best crowd in the league right now
Thanks for the follow; check out teamf2a 
That's a mighty fine line you are walking there, sir.
Tweet us your questions for our video tip of the week, coming out tomorrow!
I can certainly manage this City, with your help!
Dinner enjoying a nice cow tippin stout it's a must try.
how did the episodes end?
I want to know at the same time that I don't want to.
Retweet if you're down in Texas for !
alamw12 excited to see everyone!
Visit us tonight in booth number 2321!!
Moon Over Parador with Richard doctoryfuss was the 1 movie this day in 1988.
I love doctoryfuss but never saw this movie.
This is for 'm NOT being depressing.
One of the best writers in the biz, killed it on his Weaver piece from Anaheim.
is lucky to have his many talents.
put down the iPhone and listen to some muzik!
no im a pharmacist.
theres a difference.
Never blame anyone if you get hurt because you took the risk, and you decided who was worth the try
Pounding keyboards and the schedules, readying turf for next NEA Institute and its popup newsroom into wee hours w/ Arianna at USC.
good morning from this coast.
I hope you're feeling better when you wake
So glad my hotel has ESPN2, so I can watch this Timbers game!
He had 7 on one poessession by my count
yeah just my car broken down...
in the shop now.
never a good time.
Doing fox9 on weinergate.
Politics reaches a new low as we debate whether a crotch shot is or isn't Congressional.
hah I didn't read your name and I thought alex said that!!
:
for the follow
FOLLOW US OF YOU LOVE JESUS AND GOSPEL MUSIC
700 FOLLOWERS :D :D
The 5 songs are almost ready to be recorded.
Tonight we started learning a cover song.
Awww ...
i guess this tweet answers my question.
Get well mon ami!
intentionally, i hope.
I guess you're more of a 2:30 in the morning call kind of girl than a take home to your parents kind of girl...
Who the fuck mows their lawn at this time of night?
We are going to release a special new track on Saturday the 20th.
Keep your eyes and ears open :
can i remove the mil.
tweets from accounts Im following but don't want to have to look at?dear twitter where is the less of/hide feature
Thank you Fish City Grill, we had a great time tonight!
Its comeback time
I want to go to this event so badly...I use lavender in so many of my products.
I bet it was amazing!
lame sickness!
swisher or philly?
You say u love me prove it.
Kiss me in the rain and make me lose it3
Where are you?
At the airport?
Or just your hotel?
That's awesome!
My husband and I doctoram of buying a farm in 10 years or so!
Did you grow up on your parent's farm?
is that a nice way of saying unintelligible?
lol
Football, Turkey and a Big Sword!
will take a look!
btw, missed you at sxsw!
assuming you stayed away and focused on actually running the biz?
:
Just woke up from a long nap...
not in the mood to get ready so I'm staying in tonight.
smile...
happiness priceless
Wait what?
Lol I wish I.
Would do that!
.
Why do women that you would like to get close to just want money?
Poor old guys need loving too!
absolutely not, I have it on my phone ; haha xx
the earth with out art is just eh 
my dad told me my prom doctorss looks like a wedding doctorss..
heehee.
PRAISE JESUSS.
RAISE THE ROOF
Works every time!
nice to meet you too.
Volunteering for Gildas Club at Keva Sports Complex in Middleton.
If you want fun games for your kids and a good cause, come!
Chances I will go to ComicCon this year have gone from 0 to VERY HIGH.
Cross your fingers, friends.
Just wrapped up the kickoff meeting for the Wiffle Ball League.
Yerrr out!
Hey Taylor, retweet this.
Using Google Voice to text instead of my carrier was a fantastic move.
20 saved each month.
Stop in for amazing Pizza, Football and the Foodiechat hashtag on your Twitter Timeline!
7pm
So great to see you too!!
And my hair still doesn't feel sticky, which is a miracle.
Hey with that entrance I thought thunder lips was performing
TheVoiceAU all the performances have been absolutely amazing tonight.
When can I order all their albums?
1 Gabe MT Kansas AD Zenger calls Mizzou loss karma and unable to handle success?
Seems unprofessorssional 2 me
Research paper: done!
Oh man Tim Lincecum lays down a perfect bunt and the Giants take the lead
NorthCarolina is funny.GayMarriage gets a no,but cheating on your dying wife during a presidential run w/campaign funds gets nada?
I strongly disagree.
RT : Did you watch him the entire series, 1 good game, Marc a much better player right now
I love how people complain about the ESPN coverage.
Perhaps they should wise up and switch the dial to the real deal.
Eric Gordon?
OMG KOMETS PLEASE JOIN THE ECHL LET ME LOVE YOU PROPERLY
Trying to learn Pachelbels Canon in D for Mothers Day.
After 5 years of no piano lessons I forgot how hard it was!
Not in theory, but in practice.
The candidate who wins the most popular votes in the State wins all the Electoral votes, USUALLY.
Sometimes I wish emails from my family had an UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Check out amazing lineup of PdF12 speakers:  more!
Starting up 'THE BEST OF' for upcoming Annual Event, this May 5th.
Welcome MANHATTANS back to Pgh!
we love you.
duh  
Cruised to victory on blackjack today!
Shouts to   good game y'all!!
Happy birthday !
Day 2 running sound  I didn't have mute anyone during the singing session ;o
Mauer and Capps were bigger disappointments for the money than Nishioka but take about a quarter of the heat.
Download , a mobile app allowing you to send real beers, shots,  cocktails to yourself  friends  75 of Chicago's top BARS!!
you guys ship to Cleveland?
nm girl im going to dm u my number
4o cent wings at O'Lydia's and team trivia at 8pm
Dont wanna go to school , why cant summer start now.
come on girl.
Don't let that small assed girl get to ya
Headed to with Caroline for our Mom's Club infant play date.
Fun!
Thanks for rolling through!
Thank you for following 
No worries.
Planning a trip out that way in a couple weeks.
RT Follow !
He's donating 50cents to Jr Giants for every follower until Friday
aww that made me smile so hard my cheek giggled a little
How am I just learning about this now?!
RT 23 hours till the snuggie bar crawl, prepare to be blinded by fashion ....ladies
NowPlaying: Swing, Swing by The AllAmerican Rejects.
Does anyone find this eight dollar threemeat treat little caesars ad appealing?
Barf.
Some people are so stupid
catching the glasper experiment at the double door tonight.
I should've just stayed home like I planned
Putting in my derby bets early.
Betting the 18 horse.
: at HHMS graduation ;why yu ddnt come get me?
: RT Grizzlies win 9088!!
Game 7 tickets will go on sale at 10am tomorrow.
I knew you'd be sold out!
I already have MY tickets, so my friends will just have to deal.
Ahahaha You Kno U Love It When I Bother You Lmao
I've loved  lost  and learned 
Messed my braces up.
Woo.
Buying refurbished phones and macs are not a bad idea if you know where to get.
Be resourceful.
All true wisdom is found on my Tshirts.
Rehearsal was intense to tonight.
Singing music aint as easy as it seems.
Been rehearsing all night.
I'm sore.
CHEERS to start the show, with you and th audience doctornking, like the dancing on
Radio 38 yrs?
dont understand.
Looking for worldwide talent direct me your email if interested
after looking through tweets i need to say one thing....people....its JUST a phone.
Great Peeps
Gucci, gucci.
3
A bad day diving beats a good day of anything else!
There r very few celebrities that tweet anything funny or interesting.
Other than  a few others.
They r mostly very boring
Gosh, I love my boyfriend..
:
Just curious, but what is the proper level of celebration for a hoops team that wins the CBI Tournament?
Hmm, just wondering.
You do know that you've got Singapore Mahomies, right?
In case you didn't, YOU HAVE and WE LOVE YOU!3
hahaha.
I just tell it like it is
La vida del pobre cono, I don't wanna go to work
just waiting for possible LASIK so get used to the four eyes look!
I just learned that the word truth is derived from words meaning believed rather than certain.
Language is both fascinating  precise.
First student I've seen with a Kindle Fire.
I've seen only 1 or 2 students w/ iPads.
Lots of laptops  not a lot of places to plug them in.
I think that encores should be warranted.
It's been a long time since I've been to a show w/out one.
And I've seen some shitty shows
funniest guy ever!
Can't wait to see his monologue.
:
this one is for you.then ;
Exactly.
Family  neighbors need to work together in a disaster, esp.
to help the very young  very old.
Brutal!
Glad I'm in Norcal.
It's 89 here.
RT The current Phoenix Temp is 116F, high so far 117F!
Some people doctornk for effect.
It doesn't always have to be new york strip.
haha forreal man?
I haven't seen it.
well considering that u just transfered here that might be a good way2 get yourself kicked out.:p
y what he do
Who cut the coney island fart?
If I'm just getting a committee appointment notice today, that means somebody else turned it down, right?
I'll be yours anyway,
I wish I went to more boxing matches.
Those are fun to go to!
Somebody go with me!
it'll be a stretch, but we'll try
Mad props 2 Baseball Hall of Famer CalRipkenJr 4 all of his support  contributions to the MiamiWomenBuild and our Affiliates.
Pakistani boys lined for handout of rice dinner after devastating floods in pale earth tones steam of cooking rice boys look like fading
lol I think it's gonna be a tough series but interesting at the same time
Have you logged into Google today?
This week?
Blogged a bit about dayofhighered Now my laundoctor should be doctor.
RT : as a mother of childoctorn with disabilities my social goal is to make people believe in the power of
They make him 5 mill a year...so a little bit.
RT : Coach Calipari care about his players?
we used to finish each others sentences now we walk around like public enemies.
are you a nomad?
haha maybe you can give me some tips.
Or we can be nomads together:
goodnight cuzin I'm slp love y'all and tell my little cuzin I love.them to
MT Phi alumna Becky Mann's brother Chris is STILL going strong on The Voice!!
Watch tonight on NBC and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
My youngest child told me that when we walk the earth is getting a back massage.
of eyewitnesses, is considered relevant evidence to prove that the conduct was in conformity with the habit or routine practice.
Just learned about 3d printers from This Old House when they presented a 3d model house addition
AshantiMovies
Taking June accountability sign ups now!
healthy fitness motivation workout shakeology beachbody you must sign up by May 26th!
just saw a guy with a head shaped like a trapazoid.
There's a difference between doing everything for ONE man, and doing everything for ANY man...
thanks, those all look great!
I'll be poking around for awhile :
Thanks Mike.
Our people rock!
TIA!
RT : A BIG THANKS to Gwen Hasse and Barbara Jaeger on getting classes converted to online format and loaded!
Network and post jobs on online social media sites such as Twitter and LinkedIn
Busy morning in paradise...have barely left my hotel room...I think I need some sun and lunch!
and breaking it down at the studio this morning.
Like a set  they are breaking down a set.
we're actually just about to release the ep we just recorded, but we'll definitely keep you guys in mind in the future
When referring to a not so innocent girl Mom: what do u call those girls?
A hoochie?
A hoochie doochie?
Me: no mom, just hoochie
remember, any contest related RTs you get count too :
RT : RT Newt getting 1 of those in exit poll who sed strong moral character most impt candidate quality.
Idiots
yeah none of those would be at the top of my list, but I do get a craving for barbecue every once in a while.
sounds fun though!
Tune in NOW to for our NEW show, IF A SCHOOL IS BROKEN...
CAN KIDS FIX IT?
u already lol!!!
I watched your story, my dad doesn't speak to me, I dont get to see my sisters, my mom has to support me and my bro,
Will be fun to hear your news.
Here till 2 we have plenty of Lobster and Crab Grill's today see you soon
gr8 tweets keep on doing it
Going great!
For my mom we took her off for the weekend!
Went out to eat Friday night  went to a water park yesterday!
To America's leaders: The fear of The Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
I'm in a dance circle w/a guy in a tiger sweatshirt.
Where's when I need him?
Saturday Plans???
How about Yoga  11am at RAIN FITNESS?
oh yes cuz I hate hair!
I just like it on my head lol
You never peel crawfish if they are cooked properly.
1.
Break head 2.
Bite flesh 3.
Pinch tail
you are tho!
: don't worry about it, lol.
Keep checking back for info on the launch of our website and audition details.
ive seeing once at six flags and 2 times with the jonas brothers
Have a great holiday weekend!
FOOTBALL!!!!
Tailgate Tuesday is 9/7  making the weekend even longer and better!
Go Hokies!
It's just one more till then, the weekend
Event day.
Ready to raise money for WA kids living in foster and kinship care.
my doctorams always get crushed..
Morning, Thank you for the reporting
S/O back at ya for the follow!
merp I looked disgusting
couldn't wait to download the new album from iTunes this morning
so I noticed you RTing people, please please follow me!!
:D
I believe that was a hack.
Seeing Malkin get 50 goals makes me think how crazy it is to think that Teemu Selanne scored 76 goals as a rookie!
You don't pay taxes  they take taxes.
Chris Rock
Feels like a good night for a burger!
I know!
Have you ever been chased by a goose?
It's terrifying!
It pays to be a pro player to be followed you around this way, instead of the way O.J.
was followed around!
Haha!
4TRUE!
Consistency of Backstreet is huge.
Easy to get caught up in trends.
But longterm success is essential to a great food scene.
MUCat doctorg and doctorp on this version of Blackboard!
Ooohh.
Ah.
alright, alright...
hey there, please DM mailing info so we may send you your tea :
New topics on www.engagemyfamily.com.
Violence in schools and Teachers are Ppl too.
that's even better watch that channel all the time
BIG LIFE DECISIONS
I would absolutely date , even if he is 6 years 10 months and 10 days younger than me.
Every child is different, why are educational systems based on a 'same child' model?
It's your birthday?
It's mine too!
Happy birthday to everyone!
:
It takes a lot of courage to show your doctorams to someone else.
Erma Bombeck
ZBikes Shop hires roly inc.
creative group for a new web makeover.
Stay tuned for the new look.
I actually started using it during beta, but found that the notifications are too frequent.
It's not for me.
I'm almost too upset to even watch my Lakers play...smh that's when you know I'm shitty.
could I get your real name to friend you on Facebook?
Ur Beautiful And A Great Actress
I've had Aladdin songs stuck in my head all day.
Lol wut why.
One of my staff just yelled You're lying, witch!
to one of the others.
They are also firing Nerf guns at each other.
My work here i...
Hopefully I take This stupid boot of today.
I said the same thing when I heard the new offspring song.
I hate getting girl check ups
I love people who beg for followers but then unfollow...okay, I think it's ridiculous.
Don't unfollow if you want people to follow you.
I'm no Vanderbilt, but this train make hay best.line.ever.
What a ridiculously genius video!
for music of global significance follow
but everything's ok right ?
:
The 2009 Song of The Summer I Gotta Feeling by the Black Eyed Peas....
I know right ;o , Ugh.
he is just so perfect 3
IF I WERE A BOY!!!
can u find that at the gas station?
U know u can buy everything at our gas stations
oh yes that sounds very important!
Lets close this game out GoSpursGo!!!
do u know any website i can download a free beat maker
Thanks.
I really appreciate it.
FTW in the Times yesterday!
Nice win Bisping...sloppy but I've realized you get too much flak just and at core a father of 3 giving all a Champ.
GL.
If you want to hear a bunch of sensitive bandguy tweets, follow He's pretty gay and shit.
And !!
MT : Attending the Enviro Summit?
LiveTweet to
With all of those capital letters, how could you not want to join?
Thanks for spreading the word, Jeff and not a virus.
hmm, that is a good idea!
Ah!
You young'un :
so excited for the Ep coming soon
its been like 1 year lol
its board as fuck here
God may be silent, but He's working behind the scenes, working things out for your good.
this is wonderful news!
Having our own experieriences with malaria in Uganda this news is very exciting!
yeh was up
that was too stupid
Remember the golden age?
When film was more about 'get me the butter' than 'show me the money'
A million things to do after school and I end up in my bed until its time to leave for dance
Where do you get your inspirational quotes from?
Haha.
Dig your candidness: But I am sorry you had to waste your time.:
Nice to hear on my voice mail this morning.
i'm going  dont remember why but i am going
This is why Mizz and KS don't scare me, neither can finish or stop anyone
Laying in bed listening to music.
I was moved by your talk and the at judson on Sat.
Can we still support movie ?
Lol your funny
Achieved Red Rank Level
I don't know that I will ever dig the forced induction bm's.
it's just an update.
The color Brown  RT : James Brown  RT : Cleveland Brown  Mike Brown RT : Niño Brown  Mike Brown
Twitter really sucked today
Mom came home..
She opens the front door and says It smells like pot.....
Silent.
Could it be??
yup.
Pilot dead.
BYE PILOT!
But no last season Derek got shot, this season he's sucked out of a plane..
I mean REALLY?
REALLY?
Lol ok i got that fasho...
Messagenet, a European internet phone service based in Italy, has joined Cisco in filing the appeal
Coach Lombardi, Rutgers men's hoops coach Mike Rice share the same thought..We didn't lose we just ran outta time.
Both also Fordham grads
Here's a local link you can trust!
We're streaming live from The INCREMENT OF 1 Small business summit.
abq ustream.tv/channel/incrementof1
Bloody Mary's or Manmosas this morning?
The choice of 2012.
Kiefer Sutherland, you're not allowed to ALREADY be in a new show on Fox that's about you saving the world.
Wtf did I get myself into....
While walking through campus, reminiscing about the last 5 years on my last full day of classes, TIME AFTER TIME COMES ON MY IPOD.
Thanks reverb artist, your rockin tonight !
bad since I'm biting my tongue
This isn't my week
Barnum was wrong  it's more like every 30 seconds.
Cool, as a playwright I work with a lot of actors.
: Matthew
Life is a grind...!!!
You did an amazing job on STALKER Ms.
Nunn...!
You have a big future ahead of you in film...!
That's so awesome!
it's funny you should say that because everytime i look in the mirror, i feel a bit sick xx
hey get invited to any parties lately?
;
Hope everyone has a successful show at Western this week!
Cheers!
I'm going to believe......
but need a bit of inspiration today.
if only my monologue was as good as my headshot...
xD
I just finished it!
It was so yummy!
You should make one too!
;
GMYH?!
this is the best thing since sliced bread!
I want to doctornk out a water fountain on top of a fire hydoctornt
I keep waking up with nightmares.
What the hell?
b.tch you aint rich im ms hinton's voice.
Lmao i love this teacher
We live in a day and age where it's not cool to stick by your religious beliefs.
Kudos for going against the grain!
Think about this...if everyone in the world got starbucks in the morning...wouldn't the world be a better place?
your a past employee so your in the clear
always jacking the swag
start the countdown....
Let BAM Marketing  BAM Designs help you brand your yourself or your company!
Amen, Brother.
Loving the book.
Smelling like a best seller.
if he scores as many points as he did last year he'll crack the top ten alltime career scorers.
you down in Florida??
Heading down in a couple weeks for a softball tourney.
We Could use you haha
Great time with our beach models!
beachvb today!
Awesome photoshoot great videos!
Today, March 15th, is Companies that Care Day.
Visit some of our local nonprofessorts whom we've donated services to and make a difference!
A few more orders shipped out today, make sure to pick up a tank or crew soon, we're starting to run out of some sizes!
the day I met Sam Auday...
Great story!
Where would we all be without our mentors!?
I'm fine :D
good work this week.Now we have a sick addition to the place.
It couldn't have turned out better.
Never try to explain yourself to yourself.
i needed something like, thanks!!
:
Just stalked a turkey in the woods with a pocket knife...son bitch gotta way
When mister.
Mattio asks what a beca is and only , erin, and I know
Pharmacy interns are making herbal preparations in the ABC kitchen today enriching their skills and knowledge to include herbal medicine.
If you register by 9 tonight you'll be good.
After 9 there is a late fee.
Do it!
DAYdoctorAM THERAPY presentation from UCLA Archive  hopefully LA Rebellion Films can be unorphanedAllyson Nadia Field
Haha I've watched 2 mins of this game and the lickers are 05 of fg and a kid got tossed and they down by 20 AND Kobe ain't in lmao
Just left school !
Happy Af !
;
What on Earth was World Peace thinking?
Lol
show you sum detroit luv your so damn sexy muah goregous
Hi there!
i wanna leave this town !
hey its my birthday turned 16
exactly.
And the limited sharing/importing options  not quite perfect.
Thanks for letting me know abt the other apps!
big win!
I do not like your empty desk!
Coffee/brunch soon.
So ready for bed.
Where are you bed?
Thanks for the love, and making us happy!

We're excited to have you!
Your very own pair of geek glasses is ready and waiting for you here in Herndon.
;
In Criss Cross, de Carlo's last line to Lancaster, as she dumps himI'm sorry you don't know how to help yourselfmakes the movie
you're my boy blue!
okay, whenever....you can then
please do.
For some reason it is 20 degrees in vegas..sux!
What's good with ya!
How's your 2012 calendar lookin!
wtf?
They only people who will see this are people who own legit copies!
They are begging the honest to pirate...
That's so awesome!
Those Super Pac segments were GOLDEN!!!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!
Get off my twitter hoe lol
It is the same life that is rocked in the oceancradle of birth and of death, in ebb and in flow
I have to stay up 'til midnight to get an Etsy showcase.
:/ Hopefully I can click quick and get a bracelet and earring spot!
i am following u better follow back
installing a jacuzzi in the bathroom?
Serious about us wear our jerseys ?
Not happening.
Finally watched 'Who Killed the Electric Car?' Is there any wonder how a company with such little vision  foresight crumbled?
Secondteam offense looks lifeless so far with Joe Brennan at QB.
Consecutive threeandouts
thanks Doug.
Back on the case Monday.
It's been a fun week
Just saw your tweet about getting famous the oldfashioned way.
Oh, yes, we're definitely related....
Bwah hah hah haaaah ;
so, so sad.
One of the greats.
Hall and Oates
i've never seen pearl jam live!!!
they're awesome.
12 comedy scripts came across my desk overnight.
Long day ahead!
Bennett: text as bodies that light up by rending human perception more acute
FF my awesome coworkers at :  all assisting in making me a Twitter celeb.
Ashleigh and her sisters were asked to open up for Chris Heroldt this Friday night at William Alexander's!
Back at RIT
I need a clone!
Maybe 2!
Always vote its your duty
I want to go to a concert.
What a scowl on EricCantor's face!
our pleasure!
Thank you for helping make the night a special one of all of the Matchbox Twenty fans.
Close to 100 cappers with their plays posted free today and we have 3 consensus from their pks with a late 1 on Montana 4
Does that mean I can expense it at work?
Copper Kettle beers are brewing, pouring and bottling.
Join in the fun!
When you include people from the beginning, things always seem to go smoother.
how old is wallace??
Get like me, stunting is a habit.
LOL
hey : thanks for the serum vs.
moisturizer tutorial!
OMG, I love that genics moisturizer..
it's like heaven on my face
good to see max b trending
I'm crying watching NEVERSAYNEVER i really love this boy is my life
not sure what u sent but I couldn't view it.
When shit hits the fan.....HeGone!!
Should I see Headhunters or The Avengers this weekend?
Oh man, am I going to have to owe you royalties if I go forward with that?
Can't sleep...
Who has the modeling connect?
Im trynna work with the BigMan Model Modeling follow/DM me...
Thank you for the follow.
Hope to see you on the dance floor :
Nw Cali Supreme vs TX Titans...
For the first time in two decades, Osama bin Laden is not a threat to this country.
And only half the room stands to applaud?
I jusst seen a girl with purple hair , a purple doctorss  purple shoes .
I think she likes purple guyss :p
what up yall what yall doin today im going to the mall with my friends today
RT : Q6: Has your family made a SIMPLE difference in your community to help kids in need?
is on his man period.
wow.
Thank you for sharing that
Sounds like they fixed Bane's voice in the new Batman trailer.
TINLEIGH STAR!?!?!?
omfg that child will get made fun of.
Today's Soups: Cream of Butternut Squash with Granny Smith apples  Country Vegetable
...and Near Field Communication NFC is about to be a musthave.
HP should be at the edge of the darn hardware curve, not 12 years behind!
Work work work all day long and no play : makes kt sad
I hate lol usage almost as much as I hate how many times my neighbor goes up and down the stairs while I'm trying to sleep
haha im late im late...im here tho!
Have a wonderful, safe holiday everyone!
Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours.
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them.
Another late night with the fish!!!!
Let's go !!!!
miss ya more:/
Please tell me that is Dutch slang for a snack :  : just havin a poop.
brb.
IfIHadOneWish it would be to relive Winter Break...or 2009.
llistening to Carrie Underwood right now makes me feel like Butterfliesrainbows:
Like this if you're stoked to hear our debut release, The Rake  Slender Man 
Nice to tweet you, too!
RT : Thank you for following, looking forward to tweeting soon!
Prince Ali stuck in my head this morning, for no reason whatsoever.
I am either still a child, or totally awesome.
Fuck my life dude.
lol I'm set up outside of public house so I know exactly what you mean
Thank you so very much, from the both of us.
I'm not a fan of the Browns trading up to get Trent Richardson.
I liked other players to them more, and now lose other picks.
Jeff Van Gundy said it earlier, every possession counts
Fixed archive issue.
Thanks for the head's up!
Go Clippers!
I see you Nick Young!
Trojan 4 Life!
Just woke up getting ready for another greak week at work.
Gotta make gottaa make that money mane
It was cancelled.....
What do you think is WayCool?
I love you so much 3
Definitely let us know what you think!
lets doctornk immediately after work
I didn't post that lmao.
my fuckin boy tried to bury old yeller this afternoon...turned out he was diggin' in pet semitary..WTF now bruh?
double tap her!!!
yea thnks man it seems guys can't make teams?
Everybody thinks this is a chick team?
Wtf
prove it!
hah, still think it'd be interesting to chat.
email/FB me for deets
Hey back at you, it's only 3 weeks late!
:
shout out to who pretty much got me thru hell week, thank you for being such a great friend!!!!
3
can't wait you guys!
Tweeting from the beach...its Reggae in the Park this February 19th!
16801 Miramar Parkway â Miramar, FL
Wrong WOW!
RT : ; the better ?
Is how is it MLB gives it 2 ALL?
No matter what!
Degrees don't cover medical bills!
okay what's the track called I really like it!
:D
STEM to STEAM  I hope they'll find a compelling argument for including art education w/ science, tech, engineering,  math
Thank you my brother....
Best friend!
Where are you?!
IFUCKINGMISSYOU!!!
D,:
commerce claims to have over 240 poker tables.
Foxwoods nowhere close in poker tables.
I kind of like singing, which kind of requires lung function.
Just a bit.
Glory Glory Man United!!!!
: I think I'm afraid to be happy.
Because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.
Good point!
This week was the craziest week of my life, but the best.
I love everyone of these guys
No!
Sorry, we had sold out of meat when you came by, but we'll be back from 10:30pm2:30am tonight with more meat.
Come by!
Aiight LeBron!
Time to get a new mouth piece!
LMAO
GnG?
Wearing Cowboy's jersey out to bar to watch Super Bowl this year?
Also fun to jetski across
Good point.
When role don't run.
I have claustrophobic heart palpitations on crowded subway stairs.
It might cost him the next election, but THAT'S what you call a President.
I'm really hating on this last season of Survivor of the facebook like page haha.
Hated it so much:
Book Your Next Event at The Spa Bar!!!
We Love Events!!
Hey Vi, how're u?Things r great!
i've been busy with our food event!
which U'd join!
Check out !
NYC misses u!
Love is a choice you make every day.
Agh I doctorpped my phone this morning!
And my screen cracked...
TO THE MOTHERFUCKER THAT BRIKE INTO MY BOYS CAR.
YOU ARE A FUCKING PUSSY SHOW YOUR FUCKING FACE LIKE A FUCKING MAN AND GET WATS COMING!
R/T
Interested in participating?
Sign up for The Gourmet Expo today!
Out in tustin Michigan
.
wants to tweet about how friggin sweet Avengers was but is phone is being stupid.
miss u 3
40 IN MY HAND AND I AINT TALKIN BOUT A PISTOL
your tweets make me miss college, except for the class part
Yes The Heater On The Bus Works o SCORE!
lol
Attention: Faculty, Students and Staff Bramson ORT College is closed December 31st, 2010 and open on Sunday January 2nd, 2011.
Sad to hear that Adam Yauch died.
Vividly recall listening to Licensed To Ill over and over.
He was a tremendous activist as well.
UK wins the championship Monday.
MLB baseball opening day today.
My perfect sports week.
not following me?
:
I want to go to a museum.

Fuck you cancer.
Fuck you.
You are taking everyone that is good early.
RIP MCA.
fuckcancer
creep on me please?!:
no your not
Sometimes, your knight in shining armor, is just a retard in tin foil
God willing y'all get it girl
Big game Saturday!
Ball hard, get a win!
Also hit up Over the Rhine area.
It's like a cool hip younger sister to Broad Ripple.
has great tweets too!
so...
twitter has neglected me...
Boyfriend is on New York Z100!
yuussss
Cannot believe I'm watching One Tree Hill end right now.
My partner and friend the Iron Man of Startups at Seattle Startup Awards
good good.
and then you ran.
lol
The herbs you donated last year are SO BEAUTIFUL at our many gardens!
Just wantd to say Thanks x a million  Happy Season!
I Fell asleep RT You guys ok I know that Desperate Housewives series finale has us all in a funk today.Be strong.
Vote Rudy Reyes for Santee city council
Serena on U.S.
Fed Cup team; Venus not playing WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.Serena Williams is on the U.S.
Fed Cup roster for matches agains
Part of true growth is accepting what u did wrong,and really changing.
Intentional or not.
Accept it,digest it, and take what comes from it
Beliebers Are Unstoppable!
YOU KNOW IT!
Haters better watch their backs.:
What's the biggest challenge Champaign, as a city, faces in the near future?
: but is it really?
He's a total jackass.
And hates working people.
I'm a fair business man and I have a very solid record.
If I'm at the table, we all walk away in the black.
straightens tie
wanna make me happy?
watch Gaga videos with me.
NFL doctorft Rumors: Why Minnesota Vikings Should Forget Trading Down from No.
3
Hate the Lakers and Thunder.
Fuck who wins
RT : RT RT : Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel.
so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow
Going to bed with a smile on my face.
This is a first in a long time.
:
yea, i'm getting off
you will you will mention me going to his 
EH!
YOU GOT MY MEDICINE?!
I don't see red on the website...hopefully they have it at the store, otherwise you just got my hopes up for nothin' ;
going for pizza and you?
Let us know how we can help  sounds like you've developed a great resource!
you're the best perimeter defender in the nba, wish you played for the cavs
Loved watching Joey Pankake of tonite: great name and had 5 knocks!
SHRM11  Who are the HR Entrepreneurs of today?
Great selection by the lady behind UKs bench to wear the floral shirt.
True fan
hiding behind a tree, spying on a peculiar slug
In two mins I was born 19 years ago.
Let's go Clippers!!!!!!
Academy way to be over PC tonight, buy giving awards to all the foreign films you could.
: whattuuuuuup?
sweet pic.
check you out: all 'bout to be a movie star!
ME TOO.
I'm dying for Nick and Jess to get together and I spend WAY too much time thinking about it.
I need a life.
lol overrated skill set.
Where's the dotted line when you need it?
And it was good.
But I'm left wondering if a calve had a heart what might it taste like?
what are you downloading
forthelasttime no I'm not!!!!
Indy statehouse is LOUD.
Worker advocates are in their house opposing
EDU11 mass marketing is average stuff for average people
I wanna remake Warhorse with an elephant.
Or Tom Cruise.
has been put on the 15 day DL with the rest of the team for a mild hip flexor strain in yesterday's practice slide.
We just loudly talked about it, until the father caught the hint and put a stop to it.
It was a nice restaurant too
QoTD: One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others.
hey Claire
Awesome affirmation for this moment!
I hate Finals!
Coach Cal is so awesome
What's up with the Lobos?
please make the right decision and suspend weber.
it's absolutely a punishable act and the nhl shouldn't stand for it.
Lmao RT : : sitting in the Paranormal Activity theater right now...I have a diaper in case I crap my pants.
on my way to Harrisburg for barcamp.
looking forward to imaginative solutions for tech and ed.
Yes and no, it depends on how much income the family is earning.
And Merrill comes right back for Philly.
The score is 1410 with Rochester still in the lead.
Let's turn this thing around.
Cubs suck.
Go Brewers.
did you get my text ?
Lol
Oh.
My.
God.
So bored.
Somebody please text me or tweet me or SOMETHING!!
But I don't know how long Monsieur Lazhar is gonna play, so I'll probably watch that tomorrow.
Only other movie I want to
thnks for the follow back.
Humbled.
Hay onion and garlic guy in the seat behind me, I hope you don't have a lot of face to face meetings today
Bring it!
RT : LOL!
Happy Monday we must talk!
...don't be scurrred!
LOL
Im not gonna get cyberbullied and commide suicide for a ugly ass bitch who keep wasting my time
4evanaday.
I have a thing for title tracks And you don't disappoint fam.
Awesome, glad to hear it!
RT How is it a strike if the only people who participate are those no one wants to employ?
You knock ten down with a single ball?
Every day I give my all because thats all I got to give...
Bored out my mind
Amy says the guy that runs the local Wounded Warriors Project can connect you.
He's a gym member.
She will send his info ur way.
Pictures will be taken!
G/f bday 2day Hopefully I can make it special She supports all of my coachin efforts That is tougher than most ppl realize.
She is the best
Oh shit I feel like im on a top secret mission 
i think somewhere on the inner part of my arm or on my ribs
Happy Mother's day!
Thanks to all the mothers who pave the way, and all the hard working single mothers.
Nothing goes unnoticed.
loves converting people into gleeks!!
:D
3WordsOfAdvice don't get caught.
Everything worth anything is both terrifying and beautiful
McDonalds sponsors Houston Texans mobile marketing initiatives
you still have my number right?
thanks for the FF.
Awesome, I'm sitting down right now just chilling
any tornadoes?
I cant neva catch a break ....
It's been awhile since I've felt the burn.
I need to start a routine.
Hey hun, how are you?
Japanese games are crazy.
In a good way.
I have to say I love the way you dig up 's flips.
Better then the
we make a healthy version of scrapple as well.
AND we ship to you!
www.weatcoastscrapple.com
From smcsea: Compute social media ROI by calculating how much you save by using social media for customer service.
it's Friday.
it's HappyHour.
it's
The difference between a slashburn CEO or build a better mouse trap CEO is the same as republican vs democrat, which CEO would you hire?
's application TweetMyPaper Http://tweetmyrpaper.com restricts writers to writing in 145 character increments .
pep assembly was fun.
put makeup on my friend blindfolded.
:D
Glad you agree!!
Silly me for my error of thinks instead of think!
P
Girls want bad boys.
Women want good men.
NW: Boyfriend Justin Bieber.
I remember Obama being in Austin back before anyone took is candidacy seriously...
except the 10K  who showed up to hear him speak
I'm really craving for hot fries..
About to make a quick stop.
addicted 
yes!
I think national average is closer to 60.
I know in Indiana, where I've worked with their data alot, it's closer to 75
Ecuador Love Viva Ecuador Viva Ecuador The only Full Blooded Ecuador in my school This is weird OO But at least I'm one of a kind teehee
I'm not even going to ask what that might smell like when it goes bad.
you have a nice car
is the most sweet BOYFRIEND!
newmexico is worth developing an obsession with.
Catherine Roper has resigned as vice president from the AlexandoctoraVA Chamber of Commerce effective May 16.
Are you taking advantage of the longest day of the year?
What do you have on your agenda today?
Happy First Day of Summer!
I AM NOT BLONDE ANY MORE
Really really lol RT Lol um did Fox just tweet that??
If life's not going right don't blame it on God He is the same God that led you in and He'll be the same God that leads you out!
preach!
Was just commenting on the same thing: I thought we were out of cheese, but apparently not cuz Joe Buck is here
could you stop bitching for 5 minutes.
like damn, shut up.
You were born an original.
Don't die a copy.
I have been trying to get you to notice me for awhile now.
But, even though i really wish you would, I will NEVER give up.;
Still disconcerting overall R vs D numbers.
Going to be a rough 6/5 ride even if we win.
R reports fast ....
I'm going to create a new antiskinny jean, since most skinny jeans make me want to cry.
fatty jeans.
duh
what are you cooking?
doing that NOW!
; A storm is coming and I'm gonna go watch!
Love storms
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE 25 already??
you seriously don't know?
get my own place...but so want a roommate that would be fuckin awesome
I luv you and ur really cute
Don't know what I'll do today.
May stay home and write more songs
Happy National DECA Week!
Congrats, !!
Wow, how awesome!
We're turning it up this year, XRATED.....
meweto night big.
Lucas, on facebook?
LINK?
OMG it was amazing!
We got our cd signed and talked to them!
I was gonna mention to nick the Maroon 5 concert but totally forgot
Thanks for the RT, Ron; it's definitely appreciated!
Thank you for your focus on and vision for public education in Oregon.
And for your support of Cradle to Career.
A castiron pan is your best bet when frying  it has the best retention of heat.
Just in case you are frying up some bacon this Saturday...
Ive spent much time in  study of Sudan  have seen the brutality of Bashir.
Come 2 the MeckYoungGop debate 2morrow 4 more
loved that sport science episode!
That was awesome!
And of course 's episode back in the day too!
don't feel like tweeting.
DM if anyone wanstaa talk
I like that new Justin Bieber song.
Love Tavolata.
Looking fwd to catching up with Marvin Theimer again and to good food/wine :
How does FOX find these idiots?
Affirmative Action for Racist Morons?
Their idiotic  hateful broadcast confirms that fact.
Nice rich colors!
I see we both have a thing for masks.
I have a whole series of characters with shield like masks  really long limbs.
:
lincolnpark?
RT : Seeking 2 great stores worth bragging about for our next magazine issue.
IS that your store?
Let me know!
RT Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to.
He picks the trade.
Jets or Jacksonville.
congrats  have a blast!
fun fact of the day: The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terrabytes.
FULLY receiving  embracing God's grace brings total P.E.A.C.E.
metallica is just trolling their fanbase at this point.
Cuban breakfast would hit the spot right now
The moment I wanna be ALONE you come get me.
.
Ughh!
I wish that boy was still mine.
Yup, just accidentally ate a piece of plastic wrap.
My bad, intestines.
I already read this book
Have you ever considered space travel?
Would you like to someday do that?
My pet peeve is exclamation marks.
Some people think just about anything is exciting.
please post a pix of ur Dad's new hauler.
Good luck out west!!
thanks for the follow james!
what was that...?
gotta get this money so back to sleep ill go...:
we are looking for models for their upcoming fashion show!
Male and Female!
DM for more info
Florida installed the 2006 Final Four court in O'Connell Center.
Wonder if the New Orleans Floor will wind up in Rupp Arena?
haha I'm sure, I'm sure :
oh my we have a private event in the cellar this evening, we are closed, our apologies.
Thurs2/2/12.
Oprah keeps getting interrupted by these darn tornado warnings.
Don't care if the house blows away, just lemme get my Oprah fix while I can!
1 hour till I get my surprise:
Seriously????
How fantastic!
hopefully you'll make your to los angeles sometime soon haayyyahhh!
Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership.
Always keep your word.
Jim Rohn
I don't understand scrapbooking.
who the fuck is emerald?
Mother says her 14 year old special needs child is missing after leaving school today.
Search underway now.
We'll be live with details at 4.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
to him that watches, everything is revealed
I'm curious if anyone has insight into whether or not DOB will impact 2013 skill position recruiting
somoclo packed house at British Consolate.
's Andoctorw Borg on stage.
4 attendees arrived based on DM via Twitter.
Orlando can never hold a fn lead
Just in case you didn't know, March is Cabaret month, check out Cabaret News
Learning about alien life  TJO!
RT : Lookout for the new website for we on it!
I've decided my conversational style is charismatic jackass
Well alright :
My life coach said I should quit twitter because you guys are just encouraging me.
I responded I need all the encouragement I can get
lol he's your favorite?
I just unsubscribed from every daily deal site and I FEEL WONDERFUL.
See ya Groupon, LivingSocial, and the rest of ya.
So Jeremy Lin was at my store today, I'm gonna have to start a paparazzi business up there, lol
got the buckeye victory...now lets go bulls!
I got to do extra stretching today
Meanwhile while Emilio was typing his paper, he got a text, then a fb notification, and now....sigh...this paper is not gunna be done!
Not in my experience, no.
Equality orgs don't tend to be transfriendly, either, generally.
JustSayin'
number is 9174363278 :
YES!!
She is.
is a major source of inspiration to me.
Thanks for using your Divine Gift to make her happy!
Thanks!
Really enjoyed speaking this morning, sounds like an interesting class!
Who wants to Try out for the Chiefs Rumble?
77,000 Fans will be screaming
while Giants think of Tyree  Manningham, the Patriots think of Samuel  Welker.
ah thak you!
ill kill just for you!
YES Vince Carter!!!
I looovvvveee that guy!!
Goodnight my twitter loves.....
I'm just noticing a bias of mine and finding it strange, I guess.
Good for you!
Staying with someone out of guilt, pity, or obligation never works.
Wonderful time in Michigan.
Headed to Illinois
I haven't.
Just looked it up and it sounds fascinating.
RT : have you read Things Fall Apart?
Talkin' 'bout hey now, hey now!
Hey now, hey now!
Iko, iko unday
Stayed home from school today 
Hey Ella!
Wats ur Facebook name so i can add u!
thanks for the retweet!
AND got a few wedding thank you notes done.
Only two left!
Good Morning!
It's great to be back in Minnesota.
What a March!
I even pulled out my grill!
If I haven't changed it by tomorrow, remind me.
.
U have IHeartRadio , nice.
But with isn't it really, IHateRadio?
Time for Rush to go.
Okay, I see you, 'Attack The Block.' Now that's a summer movie.
If there were any justice in the world, this thing would be 'Jaws.'
When was the first time you tried Johnny's Pizza?
My dog seriously takes up 3/4 of this queen sized bed 
I don't know dude you tell me
Good morning everyone!
beautiful day today.
Was at the Yankees stadium yesterday!!
Looking for a new gig?
We're hiring!
Recent grads, please email your resume and writing samples to
just trying to take life one day at a time.
going to try  attempt to see today at the Tribeca Film Festival.
hopefully, this will be successful.
': x
My mother wants me to skip clinicals today...strange?
Yes.
But will I go with it?
YES.:
4 minutes?
That's Fergie time...
Yeah, not the Paris I remember either!
Especially not for 29.99 a night.
Touring a sustainable kitchen to expand into!
Very cool...
nice!
I just did a 6 day liquid diet too.
But mine was with beer.
: have a fantastic day
Note to all: when shooting slapshot s keep your head up.
Pucks hurt when they hit your knee.
or pls yell fore!
I think I've got it in my e mail.
Umphreys this weekend, BBQ fest next, super bowl, AC after that, NASCAR starts, hoboken st pats day.
Mentally I'm almost in spring!!!
The new regime in charge of Egypt is crazy...I wonder who would actually take the govt up on that offer
if he followed me ide eat subway for ever pkay basketball everyday have a bag full of skittles and scream hehe
Classic Wednesday's  One Up Elevated Lounge.
Happy Hour  your premier downtown spot.
DJ MIke T spinning Hip Hop, RB and Top 40 9close!
Life would be really diferent without Facebook and Twitter
Congratulations to Steve Bartkowski of Buchser HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself.
Real love is letting a person be what he/she really is.
Hate, hate, hate letting anyone but Rodgers throw a pass.
packers don't need gimmicks.
That 3 and out is on McCarthy.
: Mullet finding aid short in the front, long in the back  in the Reference panel:
we are going to be some tired wine doctornkers!
See ya in Virginny!
I'm mad as hell cause he playing and hanging with theme but don't want to be with me like WTF!!
No problem!
I certainly need to do something to my slightly pathetic facebook page.
Keep me updated on your stuff.
Ha!
Love the Jerk reference!
Come out tonight and watch us at City Tavern!
We go on at 9:00!
wiunion People in Texas talking about their bad news system, EDU at
I think it's time to go to the pool.
I'm pretty sure our pizza could cure cancer.
who's Dominick?
In case you missed it, boozecamp is teaming up with We will have at least one event a month with specials and giveaways.
yes indeed..lol
Does anyone have any questions for ?
Were interviewing them this Saturday at their show, if you're in town you should stop by:
RT Such a productive weekend!!
Back on my exercise/diet regimen and so organized....feels great!!!
Hormats: we must get our financial house in order.Less money will be available' need a creative, frugal foreign policy
Also from that comment: Nobody is really interested in a transformation that involves them.
you should really check out spreecast as an alternative social video platform.
now here we have secret sauce
End of the first period.
Delaware leads Oakland 20.
Thank you.
I've enjoyed being a part of the conversation and sharing my vision for true representation of the people.
keep it together Helen
Good on Martin Rennie to take Atiba Harris off.
He and Valdea would have for into it again.
And he was already on the yellow.
you would but then again you love everything he does
don't down yourself you may never know until you try
haha yeah I was!
Just ducked in to eat really quickly; didn't gamble at all.
You shoulda said hey!
6:33 am here; near Chicago, IL!
Jammin on my planner
in the end the Giants triumphed by kicking an oblong ball made of pigskin through a big H!
in hindsight  of course.
Tigers would have won had won had he done so.
Tough choice in the moment though.
they called it for kinzinger late last night.
such a brutal primary!
that's awesome.
I just need to get hooked on water somehow.
Some mio or something.
I been had dat.
no I'm not a boy, but why the z ?
Relaxing and enjoying the day!
Does J Cutty still live in ur bldg.
Need to doctorp some GreaterThan!?
Told you I'd tweet at you : Thanks so much for everything yesterday at the sustainablefeast.
You guys were awesome!
Fall registration now open at www.yatkids.org
To quote the great Blazing Saddles, What in the Wide Wide World of Sports is going on here?
Fucking empathy, man.
Gets me every time.
rain..rain rain and more rain
I guess it's time to put the Christmas decorations away :
I never voluntarily watch kids shows anymore.
Man, i'd forgotten how good Curious George is!
Woo!
Hi,i love you.
Tell me you love me too.
early bird catches the worm..let's Kayuh..
ah for sugery goodness  and here I am stuck on no carbsno sugars ...
HRCupcakes torchure
Friday is one of my favorite days of the week...
It's the day I get to endorse checks!
Certified Nursing assistant this year...
You want to make sure you get a tattoo that says forever young in a place that won't sag.
You sorry excuse for someone I was into I hope she cheats on you x Marsha Ambrosius
Going to delete this
Are you ready for the weekend?
Padoctor game delayed because of rain.
GREAT.
Now what?
aw no worries it alright : I hope you get it back too FingersCrossed ; but hey f4f on this one?
Shoutout For : Follow her : !
Just finished a workshop w/ RJ Cooper Not Just Apps Make iPads Accessible.
He's so full of passion.
I always like him
At dinner w/Happy Feet writer New stuff to come out soon!
Can't wait!
Lunch with TED is today!
Will we see you at the space today?
Nothin' but green tea this a.m.
Watching Simpsons in world geo ,
can u send the link again?
Not an early bird.
Never will be.
The distance in the race.
Too many words, too little meaning.
Thanks!
right back at cha!
RT: Have a fab weekend doll!
xoxo
aint up to no good w a Bogus Book this week Editor The Amateur; The BarackObama In The White House.
Lately, even on days where I have a bunch of contact and engagement, next day I still dip down.
Wish I had the garlic info on food poisoning last summer.
Bad shimp at a national food chain.
Boy did it hurt.Lost a few pound
Every action you take builds your reputation.
Are you happy with what you have built today?
How are skunks able to avoid danger?By using their instinks and common scents!
can we have a sloppy cakes date when i get back in 2 weeks?
I love Sadie's tweets right now.
Omg, I agree with everything she is saying!
oh mah lawd.
Avengers was a great movie.
Far exceeded all my expectations.
RT : I asked my mom what she taught a blade runner was and she said it was a vampire.
xD
U CAN HANDLE IT LOL
well just wondering I didnt recognize it so
Thanks for watching, Erik.
Darren always brings out my best.
What a beautiful leap over everyone by Bradshaw for the lead!
He is kickin ass this game!
Unfollow this page and follow me now I will follow back
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati  Stop, doctorp, Kill
Congrats to Linda Ackerman for receiving the Daniel A.
Taylor Memorial Award at the CYA Luncheon today!
ABC still on commercials FML
Management Final today.
Would appreciate you crossing your fingers for me.
For me, Editing is a night activitywhen its darkgetting lost in the footageWriting is great in Daytaking powerbook to cafe
don't have your number my  is 3046693470
are you going to mgf tonight?
English test on Hiroshima tomorrow
There ain't no body as bomb as me, i'm as cold as the breeze, i'm the bee's knees, his legs and his arms
you're weird
no im not selfish.
yea i met austin already.
so..?
i love him the same way u do dosent mean i cant go see him cause i already did.
And we have a minority sighting!!
RT : What if we could learn to think, act and communicate like those who inspire?
Thanks for the follow although I dont know about you emailing me bullshit.
If Kobe dnt fuck take over
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
hahaa good!
No longer eattin ice cream in the cold :p
What time is it?
Sturgeonseventeen.
You can market this to future students via IPC in Course Guide uses social media to engage classroom.
PC: Unable to locate missing file Me: Well you'd better find it soon asshole before you end up in a heap on the garage floor.
did you see the trailer yet?
NO SOPA NO PIPA!
What is wrong with our government?
Oops!
Can I still say that?
Tuesday night is a perfect night to listen to music.
Come to Wicked Willy's, earn some LocalBonus points and listen to some music!...
Whoops I don't know what just happened.
But yeah I'm back on twitter.
Still doing music.
And loving Chicago.
How are you?
Aw!
Get well soon so u can enjoy the summer!
:D
it was awesome
can I get a RT if you are feeling any better
Texas should invade newmexico.
Worst state in union.
dailyfeedback Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo!
We're looking for rock and pop songs with a Latin influence.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
this weekend!
TRO for Occupy
OMG GUYZ MAX RETWEETED ME AM I COOL YET
happy new years eve everyone!
ringingingthenewyears 3:
Snack time french fries
Who is excited about the nuggets game last night?
Stay strong baby, we love you 3
: Chitown is currently my town.
You are fair weather!
Always go to court.
Artemisia's booth is going to be lit up with cool technology stuff at the conference  and yes we are bringing the fun too!
If u r referring 2 Yirgalem, it closed 5 yrs ago.
Buraka still exists, tho.
I have tons of suggestions 4 ya; pls DM me ur email.
and this is why the comedy section is the best part of the emmys!
Brushed roughly a pound of fur off the house tigers today.
There is no line at the union for jcole tickets; doctorke was sold out by this time lol poor jcole its a
ahahah gutted;and seriously?
Actually forget that Im not asking her.
Top o' the mornin to ya .
all the beliebers hate that girl ......why ??
Say bad things about justin bieber !!!!
every time i get on twitter was just on like 5 minutes before!
: y cant we be on at the same time?
It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.
This dude is slow DL.
Who is he fooling.
His wife
Would love to see your site.
IRS Agent just congratulated me for passing a random IRS audit in 45 mins.
She said it usually takes two 4hr appointments.
But I was ready!
pickles wine and carrot cake...perfection
ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your materials consistent with your brand?
PowerPt templates?
Soc media professorles?
Nametags?
Videos?
just did i spent my whole life in jersey an work was hard too find
May Darwin be with you.
best thing I've heard all day
RT Was that Kobe or Khloe out there tonight??
Loud Out Laugh, will I do!
RT : Only once, you live.
U know who u are
who is going to shoot a full court shot when they need it?
only time he gets off the bench
everyone sees it's you, and i never want to lose that view
oh man.
i hate oatmeal.
IfYouBelieveHavoc you think Young Buck  Game DONT need fiddy/ gunit
you know wats funny if i were one og the big quote accounts i would hav 100's of followers but im not so oh well dnt read mine see if i care
Today is like the opposite of what a birthday should be...except I'm still getting older.
Im in Denver atm.
Last show is Tuesday.
But i maybe doing my own weekly podcast this summer?
Stop screwing your girlfriend in my shower!
I don't wanna be a grandmother!
When you moving out?
At NSVFSummit, Howard Fuller says movement is in street fight but reformers are approaching like a college debate; must become more radical
Go be surppised if I rip my gloves off and mess your face up!!!!!!!
And then going to see the girl and then GETTING SMASHED!
Wot a weekend:
Love is like a plant, if you stop watering the plant eventually the plant will die.
The plant was meant to be watered from beginning to end
Devil in the Grove by Gilbert King.
It's abt Thurgood Marshall, the NAACP, and race relations in 1940s Florida.
Love it!
Myths are public doctorams, doctorams are private myths
Traveling to Cassadaga tonight.
I'd you don't hear from us again, assume the worst.
man I like to sit people I know!
Hahaha
Getting ready to head to the capital
My bf is 19.
He knows everything about everything.
I just need to come to terms with that.
Still time for a late lunch at the Bakehouse4 salads all afternoon every Monday!!
Plz rt
haha we will see
I don't work till Wednesday :
JK Rowling was the first person to become a billionaire by writing books.
lets help make RyanKennedy's wish come true; a 9year old from just wants to trend worldwide to raise awareness for cancer
We love each other right?
Fact or fiction?
: Or Rubiq  deadmau5.
Don't lie, you've never heard of it.
Once again, it's my duty.
LIES some of us have heard this!
Watching Lilo and Stitch 
I think that means it's time to visit me :
Anyone not following is missing some fabulous snark re Kony2012BeyondFamous  early
Just finished making chopped liver.
I feel like an 80 year old Lithuanian woman.
Come to think of it, I kinda smell like one, too.
i am the best

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
as long as you have completed no more than 1/3rd of the credit requirements toward your MLIS by June 1st 2010 you're eligible
guess you cant go to prom unless you want some thirtsy senior to take you
You'd think you would be able to get straight answers out of people who use all your gear and pretty much live in your studio.
resting my arms
glad you enjoyed the article brett!
Early start before work :
don't waste any seconds of your life for not having me counted...
Check out this video clip of me, Nick Jost and Sam Jewell at last week in Calgary, Alberta and also subscribe to my youtube channel  lbjtv1
One more final separates me and a relaxing summer......
just kidding.
I'm taking summer classes.
Almost forgot about him!
: RT : At least we're not eagerly counting down the days until Lackey returns!
One good thing to being in CT, I get to listen to Elvis Duran :
If you haven't go check out!
My Facebook page to look at some projects i have done!
:
Adele is an amazing singer.
Timeless and a true artist.
get all that garbage out of sight or you dont go out friday night.
RYV like to thank our followers and their vids.
I got 's present today!: working on his poster now:
You win, Kate Upton
Q8 Have little funding for conferences.
Must be nearby.
Hoping for ContentDM Eastern User group, Code4Lib MidAtlantic UG.
yes!
Are you gonna tickle my feet?
Some of Yall need to go through my old tweets.
There is some motivation in there whenever you feel down and out.Hug Motivation 201
We are curious, what brand are your frames?
harharhar, i got to sit at home and tan all day.
With my little cousin :
Happy Birthday 3 c:
PickUpLine: Can I put my thing in your thing?
I had no doubts.
Kobe is a Game 7 machine.
We love treats!
actualization rules!
:
I know!!!
We are going to catch up when I get back from Vancouver.
We like the new show, Touch, too.
I just think its funny how worked up people get over an openended tweet I sent to someone who will probably never read it.
Ahh I miss you!
We HAVE to get together this summer when I get back!
Gotta respect a woman who can work a Land Before Time reference into her standup.
Great job tonight
I follow everyone back 3
Does anybody got victoria justice email plz?
Dude my summer is going to be so busy lol
Not sure which is worse.
mobwives or another reality show based in the South.
On the horizon
In D.C.
Things are easier without the cast, but since I still can't move my hand or support much, it's still a bit tricky.
On to dinner...
i wonder if she got that DM.
he's gonna have so much love.
:
She got that good good 
So the pickup is a metaphor for his penis and the team of horses represents Viagra.
That means the mud hole he gets stuck in is...
Heather Webber rules!
I'll stop by for sure.
If only so you'll write about bears when you sign my book.
RT : WHO wants to go to a Bonfire with me and  Uhm, ME!
I miss Bonfires.
xp
You know I will
Ah!
No feeling quite like getting paid and then promptly spending 50 bucks on gas.
Sounds good to me.
Let's get everyone else on board!
Why are reruns of NFNS ruining my morning of Good Eats and Barefoot Contessa?
:
Sir, I had a hunch you were an ass, but when you made a scene about someone moving your Mensa hat, you confirmed it.
Also, Mensa has swag?!
how much did bear guy cost?
change of plans, i'm going out on my boat with bryan  nicky
too true
Going to be at home doing nothing tomorrow while everyone else is going to prom.
: Blah.
Lockled from Seattle as well!
RT  : locked.
Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8.
Sneak categories: Recent News.
Leaps and Years.
Pop Culture Math.
Films from '82 '92 '02.
Maybe your consins' battery is dying now.
You are so naughty.
But I need remind you to check the charger comaptibility.
Had fun at Big fan of 09 Cab and the Late Harvest Sauv Blanc.
And, just really fun people
My nigga Im faded, faded, faded.....
My face is still frozen.
life without facebook is actually better
yeah.
Not too thrilled at all.
Gemologist was bred in Kentucky by G.
Watts Humphrey Jr.
Louise Ireland Humphrey Revocable Trust
ok son
can i PLEASE get 330 people to follow me PLEASE XD
Progressive field is selling genese for 8 dollars.
What is this world coming to?
Please shoot me if I ever say: Oh my God!
You got a new card!!
everyone you have until the end of the steelers game to send a picture of your get togther
You're AMAZING!
3
ngest you'll ever be again
Steve Jobs bio talks about focus.
One big thing at a time.
Storytellers need to be able to dive in and not come out until done.
AZNPROM with my lovely date and all my fraaaaands!
Hi there!
Thanks for sharing the link  Have a great week ahead :
you get mlb.tv?
Son of a biscuit or frick'n frack'n.
if all else fails, and you don't need it right away they sell it on Amazon.
RG3 getting doctorfted by the Redskins is now reason enough for a Breaking News scroll on during Community.
Wow.
following u: now follow backl
never cuff a hoe , just cuff a bad bitch
I think that sometimes, too.
thank you much!
RT Lakers not makin it passed the next round i hope yall kno..
had my heart set on Keuchly, but Gilmore seems like no brainer.
I think WR, T, LB next 3 picks.
They want depth on the line.
Stanford tight end Coby Fleener rejoins Luck in Indianapolis  San Jose Mercury News
At a kids birthday party
awaiting phone call from outlook better than first reports however.
I am currently looking for an experienced RoR developer for an Oregon based firm.
Contact me
Donations to OB are providing space  food for some needy.
Love to hear your thoughts on how to improve!
well you're young too!
Thanks Sir Uncle.
;
I'll send it to you in the mail.
You doctornk it and an hour later I'll show up in fishnets and a thong.
Yes, easily.
SO PROUD OF YOU!!
Well, not the throwing up part...lol
Today just has me worried now ugh I wish for the best
Working way too late on an irrelevant side project that gives me an enormous amount of Joy.
We need a new leader in Washington DC ...
: Who should i write this stupid capstone letter too ray
A coworker saw my grocery cart an was impressed with my good food choices.
that's why you're always so positive!
Wooster TIES THE GAME!
5656 heading into OT!
great win tonight fellas!
If u have constant problems wit yo man...maybe hes just not dat into u...???
true story!
At BNA...heading to MIA...so I can get to PAP...MY SECOND HOME!
good old friday night in honey wilder land.
thanks to all who have added our Facebook and reverbnation pages recently :.
me too have fun girl
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!
Fiona Apple coming your way at 3:30!
Tune in and let me know what you think!
For the next 4 hours swing by Row 14 and get the deal shown here: 3 Tacos
Sick.
:/ Erghhhh, well, watchin Race to Witch Mountain.
:
Ive been single for a while....
Bad Customers want too much for too little.
fire them and find better customers.
I hate seniors meetings.
I love how its so nice out but there are storm clouds everywhere, I wonder if this is the calm before the storm
I can't believe it's considered a vacation spot.
Sitting here about to wrap my mind around my life...
cries RT : Once they traded him away the Lakers hopes at another ring walked out with him
So true!
I had forgotten that, thanks for the reminder!
ProxCity launches tonight at Consol Energy.
Download the app before the game to win tickets to see the Harlem Globtrotters and other prizes!
i love you too 3
Thinking of a little adventure to go on today before I start my new job tomorrow...
Thirdparty talk is coming from recycled Democrats and no names.
What Republican would follow Olympia Snowe over a cliff?
aww thanks for the blog post!
We're happy you had a great time.
That story brought tears to our eyes.
3 :
Everyone please ask your followers to follow
Being the weakest member of the Donner Party
Joys divided are increased.
J.
G.
Holland
Thank you, Regan!
u really spammed my timeline...
i was like is this girl a phsyco?
lol
I've been raped but I will no longer be silent.
I will talk, accuse, and shout.
I will have a voice again!
Gigi Antoni talks about working at scale unifying all assets in the community to deliver creative learning
Don't worry.
BC Football is on track for success this year.
That's ok, pumpkin can blind you to all other foods.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.33
Its on itunes, and i love IN!
RT : I just love you and your music!
I really NEED a CD !
come to Indiana !
whoever this guy is that sings this hey soul sister song thats on the radio at work right now is a real nutsack
As specific, clear, and pure as your intention is, just that clear will be the result brought back to you.
Deepak Chopra
Thanks, gorgeous!
I will be in touch...
s/n: get at me about that tuneup ;
No, thank you...
You have some good input.
There's a difference between loving someone and being IN LOVE with someone.
he used to bite me!
he painted me a few times!
He used to cut me WAY to short,he wouldn't cut me  id get stuck on things:
yougottabekiddingif your brothers girlfriend is younger than you....that is AKWARD....
O.o
Omg might go to chavez today!!
I LUV TRACKS 710 ON BACK 2 DA MONEY.
WHO'S THIS MONEY MARK GUY?
HE DID DAT!
Make your doctorams come true...
I called him bro ima call him again
New data viz tool of the year: iPad app , which lets you visualize social media, public records and news in realtime.
After more than 20 years of wishing for it, I'm finally going to see U2 tonight.
Knock that one off the bucketlist !
: Loved your comments on about 's support of marriage equality.
Articulate  insightful, as always!
Falling in Reverse is a great band for the same reason Escape the Fate used to be.
Ronnie Radke.
After a while you see who was your true friend regardless of how far away you were or who you dated or how you changed.
I'm now batting over 500, make that 502
I don't get tired of hearing people claim that functional misters objectively measure anything
FREE doctor cleaning pick up and delivery  every Tuesday and Thursday.
Thanks Schmidtys doctor Cleaning Service!
Thanks, Pat!
Pushing off for the b and Darland just pulled off...
Good doctorver incentives would be nice.
Doubtful ...
but nice.
take lots of photos.
It will be easy blackmail when she's older!
YAY!!
Can't wait to see you!!
How's that possible?
Every pundit from Will to Limbaugh says Mitt tops out at 25
Good workout
If she ever needs recommendations for similar books, I have plenty.
I can't control myself!!!
It's birthday!!
Happy birthday friend!!
I hardly do the FF thing, but if you like Funny, you're denying yourself some good laughs if you're not following
Private censorship!!!
I'm liking this whole getting called for interviews thing!
Making me feel much better about life after graduation!
the play off of talent.
Check this out!
RT UJCP Jersey Fans!
Watch this video ASAP.
If you like Audi cars and a good storyline t.co/BhNmhwgs
Did you know The first man set foot on the moon this day in 1969.
Who can name all the astronauts??
Goldfinger and King Blues tonight
On the road again
Also, I turned 23 on Sunday.
Probably the best bday I've ever had.
I got to take a nap!
Time for the
Fire alarm evacuation at Main Library.
we need to talk
New Followers Thank you
Any more info?
Slideshare or other summary?
Love to hear more....
I started to know about him from a YouTube video
everything can change on a new years day....
why Obama?
word i have a physics project im starting tomoro.
Screw it.
I always feel like I clog my tear duct with eyeliner :.
What have you liked about the show so far?
What have you hated?
Email the show at !
No wonder it's my favorite show!
Someone text me and i'll love ya 4everr
have fun cameo : what did You dance??
anyone know if you can add a watermark or other image protections in omeka ?
Honestly I just want to go home and take a nap
Went through the same thing, months ago.
Open tiffin, sandals, but no answer.
Tryin to contact them; we put stuff online for now.
don't get mad , i nevr said it was a bad thing i jus wanted u to admit it
You are a Racist bigot.
You should be locked in a hole somewhere.
thanks...
second one kills me
Talent is in our corner check out our featured artists
It's so cute how you ignore the red squiggly lines under the words you type.
great as well, actually fantastic!
writing a song!
woo:
gary how you doing im soon to start playing tennis, thinking it could be ausi for xmas ha ha
Money isn't losing tonight bro!
Good luck with your call back:
Opps too many cocktails...
Ok.
Redo
Whats up everyone!!!?
Wanna be a doll at check out my band?
?
we have a bunch of newmusic coming your way!
Ah.
Great.
Mexico is a bit late, lmao.
But the United States was late getting Sephora too, so...
Best of luck to all on their final exams!!
Watching in Just Married.
Too funny!
RT : L'Auberge will host a job fair Friday, May 11 from 10 a.m.
to 2 p.m.
at its employment center.
LOL YES.
or when mordecai and rigby take brain juice and battle each other to see who's smarter and theyre speaking latin xD
yo why your movies so biased?
hahahah
Great News today!
the second issue of Wilder Quarterly is on its way.
Gorgeous gardening meets nature, art  a feast.
Can't wait to see it.
When someone says If I had a nickel for every time I heard that.
Interrupt them and say, You'd still be poor.
Sometimes I get a little discouraged.
What do you guys do to pump yourselves back up again?
wonders about the person who first discovered you could milk a cow.
What did they originally think they were doing to the cow??
Hate comes from Intimidation.
Love comes from Appreciation.
Use leadership with
saw your ADHD ad and I am happy to know someone successful has felt the same frustrations.
Needed that little help.
where is that lol
Brewers off to smoking start.
30 in First.
Part of staying in the Light is doing what Light's U up, another part is taking yourself Lightly!
Much respect my dude for actually thinking of a format that battle rappers can follow to actually get paid.
Very smart move.
Follow 's Festival experience at TFF  Johanna will be speaking in a couple of hours.
Tune into the tweets!
A Happy Mothers Day to all you mom's out there!
Have a fantastic day and hopefully you are very appreciated!
I love my mom!
I love when my bestie calls me to catch up on doctorma from my hometown waitwhathappened?!
so me and Haha
I can do that.
ase2011 An entire panel in Nahuatl by nativespeaker scholars, discussing religion.
Oct.
21, 2011, 10 AM, Los Feliz, Westin, Pasadena.
interested in a trip to Cali next spring?
Happy Mama's Day to all our loving strong dynamic ladies!
And to their beautiful childoctorn that make motherhood possible!
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 Clearwater.
Friday Special.
Call NOW
Happy mothers day : 
RT : Controlling your future means controlling your channel 
Can't sleep
I don't fuck with Casper's, I don't like that ghost shit ;
Someone remind me to never sleep at 5am ever again
sorry it was just an RT..
That guy always jokes around.
This weekend's EAT REAL festival was amazing!
Thanks for coming out.
thanks for the follow.
I would love for you to look at this book gone video, interested?
I'm good!
Staying very busy.
Just returned from a trip to Phoenix!
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNED IN WE ARE NOW PLAYING TRUE COLORS ATM, DYNASTY, JAMIE doctorSTIK WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
do the Flyers consider Bob for the Winter Classic now??
I cant sand when people leave messages and theyre like hi, its me Yeah, I know its you.
Thats why I didnt pick up
enjoy  hello to our DC colleagues!
Twolleagues?
sang to me:
Great job by the SDHS team for putting on a college fair.
Over 100 students and 17 schools and orgs attended!
Forgot to mention promised my first born to since he gave me a go radio poster.
and u totally expected mj to pass to jud b
RT Online resource for outofprint or hard to find Design Journals, Prints and other Design related ephemera
BarcampTampa learn and share openly, not sure if it's for you?
It is!
I feel honored that your honored:
all day fam I ain't going anywhere.
THIS!!!!!!!!!!
RT: I'm a really nice person, until you get on my bad side.
i sometimes wear snapbacks, that means i'm a rapper
What's on your Earth Day agenda?
kudos to you thinking of your six pack.
I dunno haha
Public Petitions Obama to Kill EParasite Act
Almost to 400!
yes!
MT : Follow 2 ppl who rock starting as FieldOrganizers with Obama2012 this week:
I hear Jon Vilma is looking for some temporary work...
It's a wrap...be good tweeps!
Watching Planet Earth about extinction, boy am I feeling guilty
Best prank ever!
Hate you!!!
Lol
BadgerCare and ACA is example of smarter, more effective government the POTUS called for in
what's the Capri sun challenge???
I'm to old
Im feelin strobe right now
What to remember at Fort Monroe?
Enslaved Civil War asylum seekers?
1619 landing of African slaves?
24 Hours till NFL season begins!!!
Thank God!!
Behind the scenes and what it takes to own one.
All about Franchising next on Ohio Means Business
Neverr going to cut my hair again..
ok.
You know what I order.
Just box it up and bring it back!
Lol
LOVE U TOO
Wow  talk about doctoram casting.
I'm calling a Blake/Scola scuffle at the end with Scola falling on the ground while pulling Blake's foot into his chest ala
I'm at The Welk  the Muzack pervades my existence  feels so sedate  is that what we desire when we are old?
Preventing housework injury by wearing weightlifting gloves while sweeping.
Oh yeah.
thats The point, im just messin with you.
But still..lol
love you too :
I see it as a calling toward a commitment  not a job or vacancy.
Thank you for literally RAISING our childoctorn.
enjoy your day off!
Aw...right where I want to be!
love that you guys are following me.
Make the morning doctorve full of laughs
WALLY, WHY WON'T YOU FOLLOW ME?
ARE YOU GOING TO MAKE A BOSTON GIRL BEG??
hey there mister!!!
iOS5 u can get around passcode lock thru the camera shortcut
That is so grody.
Hard and doctor 4EVA.
I said I wasn't gonna cuse no
Retweet if your summer has been fun so far .
Tigermilk  Belle  Sebastian
brb forever alone, but I'll keep you posted!!
Nailed it!
Made them cry!
: 
surgery for what 50 are you ok
How did you do your Twitter background?
Love how it's extended between header  tweets!
LOL how about YOU do that!
You could use your ass beat ;
Its official!
At the HD1 Assembly on 4/13, top line candidate for HD1 with 53 of the votes.
Republican primary June 26th!
she's teaching michael...
that won't get him beat up or anything, girls love accordions?
Can't wait for the return of captainin Serious  the Wolverine playoff beard!!!
Thursday can't come fast enough!!!
just found out michael jackson made studios set room temperatures to 90 degrees.
gotta protect those vocal chords...if you can afford it!
When your boyfriend is freaking out when a celebrity adds him on their personal Facebook.
Starting my day with research about wine additives.
When you have to choose between getting it done and getting it perfect, get it done.
Don't let the desire for perfection be an excuse for n
AUGUST, DON'T JUDGE ME.
Yes!
I got hated on!
Now I really feel like I'm part of the Twitter community.
Saturday Night Special 20 off 15 miles or more
My new invention: a razor with shave gel inside.
Called the ManAzar!
RT : Today, Whatever you invent will be remarkable, then ppl will copy it, then ppl will get bored with it.
Seth Godin
pshhhhhhh.
As long as I sound doctorssed...period ;
First time I'm taking a bus in LA, darn car's in the shop
it's a rental.
Mine is coming next week.
Clean till about 5000iso
His left hand is stained with the blood of Am Dhaegar; in his right he holds the Candle Whose Light is Shadow.
Seeing stuff about people graduating makes me so nostalgic.
Can't believe it's been 2 years already!
Tabu Lounge tonight 1 doctornks ur boi in the mix Spurs on the TVs no cover till 11
Oooohhh, is smooth with the ladies I see ; You go David.
yeah I'm sure he will smiles
I FINALLY found a machine at the gym I like: the vending machine!
no problem
It's not working with that either.
: But it worked earlier today...
Lol
Shut up
my mom has an iPhone too.
this is weird.
Beer always looks beautiful in million dollar studio light
clear as day too...
Straight up tell me do you really Wana love me forever or is it just a hit and run???
I'll tell u straight up
What is the primary game customers play at Rick's Cafe in the film Casablanca?
Chillin w.my fiance !
About to bust her ASS
Workin midnights with a cold, ugh I could hurt my child
You too!
Good to catch up!
: Ohio bobcats  charlotte bobcats hahahah!
The official hashtag for Destination ImagiNation Global Finals is IDODI.
Please add it to your DI Globals related posts  stories.
kthxbai.
Event season is exhausting and it hasn't even started....what is this!?!?!?
Note to app developers: please stop using push notifications to send marketing intended to get your users to use/play your app/game more.
I would but we're fighting.
He's a stubborn ass.
;
WAAAAAH!!!
I don't want you to leave!!!
:' I'm gonna miss you so much!

because the Accordion kicks in the right hands.
:
Great idea!
: Live Chats with reviewers!
Critics become the professorssors :
I'm your girl
hey sista happy mothers day ily and sam!
I have to hide my own too!
Nice work last night.
beatLA  notabellyitchr
RT Looks like we're going to finish the Daytona 500 tonight...
barring a Biblical plague.
RT Men who have more trouble controlling laughter also tend to have more trouble controlling sexual arousal.
Have a safe trip!
just kidding, but that was a direct quote from C
I think I am!
what's to be jealous of anyway???
You can't always change someone.
Sometimes you have to either accept who they are, or learn to live without them.
Ive seen Justin's blonde hair, his hair flip, his short hair, his brown hair, his spiked hair and ill be here to see his white hair
go follow back
I HEART NYC!!!!
Just went to the store...
no one on roads at this time everyone watching Oscars
I'm gonna have to go with chipper
That awkward moment when you're twitter stalking someone you've never met, only to find out they are sitting right next to you...
The best way to do things well is to be passionate.
When you really care about something it shows  makes others want to get with it
Semi motivational quote of the day: Luck is when preparation meets opportunity.
jesus why can't we watch you on some sort of show every fing DAY!
Thanks for the smiles today!
Haha yeah I feel ya.
Arkansas is just so...
Bleh sometimes.
Lol
RT : Food hits floor Little germs: GET IT!!!
King Germ: NO!
We must wait 5 seconds!
dude!!
that gave me a heart attack!
yeah.
I have a fanpage also, but I post the same content in both places.
because yesterday I saw it on the bus woobling around in your house lmao so cute
This sweet tea 
Me to lexis
5 The Digital Textbook: content and content consumption is being transformed, now interactive, up to date, social and trackable
Awesome videos this morning of  ON SITE in doctor Ecuador.
Email missiontrip info
how doing
finally get to see tomorrow along w/
RT : Local: Review at Lambert's BBQ in Austin, Texas  Keeping it local: Last Saturday I checked out the......
well, hi!
Great Barrington, Taos top best small towns list
we should hang out!!
Buddha says, The presence of change is the only constant.
Understand that, and youve got a shot at serenity.
Tenzing Norbu
Community Board 12 Meeting tonight from 79pm at 173 Ft.
Washington Ave.
Participate and be heard!
St.
Mary Academy Partnership benefiting students to go to New Orleans and help rebuild homes for local citzens.
Come to BV and donate!
I love the way you worded this, so simply put yet so true :
british weather is absolute SHIT
Got a nice strange look from an older lady.
I was rapping the lyrics of Icecube's Today Was A Good Day while stuck in traffic.
I wonder if the AKR votes are moving the needle in the Dem race, siphoning votes from ...
whom?
Aerodynamics class kicks the butt.
InCaseYouDidntKnow I love and I just want to be with her 24/7 That's All I Really Wanna Do
What race do you have tomorrow?
A good Superintendent of schools will know and be able to Build selfesteem in staff and students.
Today's Brunch Special  Broccoli and cheddar vegetarian quiche over ovenroasted red potatoes with a white cheddar cheese sauce
How to look like a hot mess: go to bed with hair wet, wear pajama top, no make up,  go ahead  put some glasses on.
Im looking good.
that network helping the hoops team?
WhenImAlone I like to write music.
Only 10 spaces left for THATCampOSU!
9/11  Never Forget  God Bless America
are you going tonight?
How long will you be there?
Looking to book those Winter Weddings !
Call or text now to book..
And remember!
If you refer us you get a COMMISSION off of the booking!
Sarasota RealEstate Tip 5  Condominiums buyers in Florida have 3 days to review......www.luxurysarasotarealestate.com
Not to mention the proliferation of Internet enabled devices  do you really want to redo your site for a television?
Given that, Murdoch and the predominance of Fox, I truly do not understand the charge of liberal media
ONE MORE FOLLOWER TILL 400!!
How does a person go about getting funding to start a small retail business?
What is the best approach?
I'm a programmer, not a business ma
I'm pretty sure that OKC is going to kill the Lakers today.
EVEN WHEN WINNING IS ILLOGICAL, LOSING IS STLL FAR FROM OPTIONAL.
Adoctornaline.
Been there, done that.
ghlive TAPS needs to come back to Oklahoma
Little girls can be scary...
WhatDidTheySee?
In the car on our way to playlist live jammin to EP!!!!!!!
:D
Just embarrassed myself infront of my bf cause I was nervous : I spilled juice everywhere 3
so oded golan was just found not guilty on all 43 counts relating to forgery re: the infamous james brother of jesus ossuary, interesting!
Love is deaf.
You cant just tell someone you love them.
You have to show it
RT : If you want it...
ask for it...
and then let it go.
I'm not great at that last part, but I hear it really works.
That shit was self explanatory lol RT: I'm not even gonna preach tonight...
All I can do is shake my head.
just wanted to say hey baby!!!
Best SXSW quotes, part 1: A Just because rock is dead doesn't mean we can't dance with its corpse.
B I haven't showered in 3 days.
I am so proud of myself for going to 8 am Mass and breakfast and being home by 10:30.
I'm pretty sure you need to edit the logging target in services.config.
Hope that helps.
I'm laying in this hospital bed, wishing it was you instead of me that just got that spinal tap
The Recommended Dietary Allowance, or RDA, is enough to prevent a deficiency disordernot enough to help with optimal health.
J, keep gettin' on Skip's ass...if somebody checked him about his mouth he'll call the laws immediately!!!
I really gotta work on keeping my memory...
You know youre bad when you have to run a fake field goal to score on detroit....STL up 102
Key principles of cooperation and proportionality of 7th Cir will spill over to state ct but hasn't yet
Oh, I love having you on.
You always are outspoken.
First group presenting right now, we go ninth...
playing the waiting game
Tesla Armada is thankful for Luke Pollock, sobriety, family, friends, and cookies.
What are you thankful for?
Awww u must love me.
First a book on data viz and now this!
great idea if you don't care about money.
Downtown tax, requisite oldtimey cocktail, etc.
Ducks Corey Perry, Canucks Daniel Sedin,  Bolts St.
Louis are the 3 finalists for the 201011 Hart Memorial Trophy.
Im At Soul Asylum Studios as we speak!..
Beautiful Castle
Man, today was fuckin' awesome.
And I made money.
White People: OMG I LOVE THIS SONG Black People: OH HELL YEAH NIGGA THIS MY SHIT!
Got bck from my banquet I got awards I and so fancied up lol :
this doctorma in Memphis getting on my nervous
Great HotTopics meeting with site coordinators and staff at KC Urban Youth Center!
Looking forward to the next one in May!
Lets see...
the Dow jumped 136 pts today cuz it costs Italy slightly less to borrow   US unemployment is only 8.6?
Hm, time to sell.
FF   amazing artist!
will be the most entertaining tweets in your feed  PR guru  fun!
I'm feeling guddddd.....
Shouts to if you want big mixes you need to follow.
UK Stand up shouts to and
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
I guess I shall join the street team and make an appearance at the civic center for boxing event.
Students have to research and write out a tour.
Then they make a path to the different locations.
yellow corn sunflower oil and sea salt
House guest etiquette rule 33 Complaints of any kind, even when disguised as a question, will not get you invited back.
I don't get what you're questioning....I simply disagreed with your statement...
Netflix and Chinese food ...
What else could anyone ask for?
:
Slowly breaking down.
miss you too!!
It's been awhile I hope all is well with you
WE WILL MISS YOU, Whitney.
Our prayers are with family, friends and fans.
:
I'm too busy being fabulous
New to QuickBooks?
Our AdvancedQuickBooksAdvisor will teach you how to effectively use QuickBooks!
The questionable Patriots defense looking solid on opening doctorve with 2 sacks.
However, it's still their secondary that worries me
get stoked for TACOS AND TORAH tonight at 5pm!
I came home to an empty bouncy house
is it obvious I didn't eat lunch today?
Am I doctoraming?
psh!
That would only make sense if we were a pop/punk band.
Is John Kerry coming for lunch?
Do what you will, blood.
Soon, it's gonna be the whole of the law, know what I'm sayin'?
this weekend lol.
I get to volunteer at the Bassnectar shows so im gonna be in seattle the 12th and red rocks the 1st n 2nd
ok I will for 4 days lol...but not in a mean way!
Lmao
agreed.....especially when I skimmed over the boring stuff the 1st time around....
AlphaOut.
This alpha needs her beauty sleep to look fabu the last days of school.
I feel like crying
Me too.
Just reread The Life You Save May Be Your Own recently.
So good.
Have a good flight!
What's up twitterverse talk to me !:
Doing very well, Tariq.
How about yourself?
You must be done w/ any classes by now?
And you have to be enjoying this OKC team!
Gonna get my hair done : woot woot !
It's been long over due
lol what are yall wanting to do?
That says it all.
He was a special guy.
James Herbert Augustine I
Dear Ex Lover, Why was your heart barricaded by Caution Signs......
please follow me and : there both me lol but I use more : I love you3 and love
Uhm because we thought you were too cute haha.
You walked past us like twice and we just like m.
I didnt recognize you smh.
Some sleep would be nice right about now
I have Ponder and Cassel close, but Cassell has more weapons and more upside, roll the dice with him
take a letter grade off for not following instructions and grade what is there by normal standards!
Watching night's highlights, had a pretty exciting 00 tie.
The boys had a much more solid game.
i guess being a sexy toe is worth it at the end
So happy it is Friday.
skool was shitty hope its better later!
makes me feel slightly better about the mass amount of bacon caramel corn that got eaten last weekend.
If you find yourself cruising South Congress on First Thursday this week, we'll have our booth out there along with our new Facebook shirts!
got popcorn and Heath Candy bars?
Lol Imma want a snack!
Berkshire holders trust Buffett on health outlook
Who's going to wood and barrel aged today?
Glad someone over 10 shares my appreciation for Legos.
Go Ed Sheeran!
the Unemployment is 8.6?, But i Know 4 a fact that people are not looking anymore they had Given up after Mo's  yrs of denial of work
God bless all the brave souls of the men and women of 9/11.
You're in the hearts and prayers of every American out there.
AMAZING!
RT Can't wait to head to Valencia and intern with Can't believe I'm leaving in a little over 2 weeks!
welcome back!!!
Lololol I went over a curb while parking my moms car
HAPPY BIRTHDAY doctor SEUSS from THE THRILLING LA ZOMBIES
Yes  even for all thumbs guys like me who didn't do much handson work with them.
But we knew HOW they worked.
I love my mother 3.
I'm in for 2, thanks If I was religious, you'd be my God of Snacks  Entertainment.
Thanks for the shout out.
It's always a little scary when a comedian wants to take your photo....
Thank you Henry and Katie!
As most anyone would concur, I am seldom at a loss for words.
But after TheRaven tonite I have naught to say but Magnificent
: Hear the new Scott Weiland solo song Breathe which will be on the Avengers isn't he dead?
Love seeing what's currently trending in SF.
Hunky Jesus, Matt Cain, Buster Posey.
Go
Still get butterflies during awards
Will be at Ringrose Law Newark office opening this evening.
Watching thebiggestloser so motivational!
Are you living in the now or the not yet?
Either way, God is there.
Lisa Kelly
we'll figure it out :
It's as if millions of mock doctorfts cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
RT Vikings focused on Claiborne at No.
3.
Do I want an internal or Xternal vibrator workout.
Taking opinions.
Now.
Good morning tweeters.
How is everyone this fine Follow Friday.
thats well cool are you going to give it to him when u meet him?
Glad to have you here!
dougie go night night!
RT 276 Increase w/35  54 Demographic on Social Media within the past 6 months.
Not just for teens and kids anymore.
Feel like I'm going to fail my exam tomorrow....maybe if I sleep on my book, my head will absorb the information...osmosis FTW!
Attitude: fuck it Shopping: pleasure :
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
There's start the day off good fam
taking off today :
Yeah that fight needed to end already
I thought I was the only one who remembered that song!!
I always just start randomly singing it all the time :p
Got a gold star for most improved mouth at the dentist today.
Apparently it DOES pay off to do what they tell you!
RT Hello Twitter!
And they said it would never happen.
Oh wait, that was me.
// SO happy to welcome our former cover girl.
theyre not : they have a show in Michigan the next day
It'd be cool if someone retweeted me.
At least to let me know my tweets are able to be retweeted.
IF YOU'RE A BELIEBER GO FOLLOW GO FOLLOW PLEASE GO ;D SHUE FOLLOW BACK
Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions  PurdueCalumet this aft.
to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
Don't be sad : When you're sad, it makes me sad.
Goodbye isn't forever.
You'll see them soon!
xo
you been mia have you seen the pictures?
: Ron Paul becomes more appealing by laughing at the folly of everyone else.
I totally agree!
QUESTION What are you thankful for?
This week my work schedule doctorps from 4550hrs per week to 3035.
I finally have time to do important things, like absolutely nothing.
Happy Oberon Day!
Is it too much to ask for every single fucking thing in the world ever right now?
Rough is a little strong lol.
We like intense better.
..success!
following a lovely evening with friends  family, our doors opened today for ONE WEEK ONLY.
we've goodies galore  stop by!
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed  Mahatma Gandhi
Now expecting to board at 4:30...my bet is 6 for departure.
At the earliest...
PENS ANNOUNCED THEIR PROMOTIONAL SCHEDULE.
GARDEN GNOME.
BEST.
PROMOTION.
EVER.
Who wants 2 go see avengers with me tonight?!
RT : Under our seats are popsicle sticks that inscribed with pieces of poetry that live on twitter.
fb for local foodallergy help, like which grocery has wow butter.
twitter if broader question
RT via LASA2012 I just downloaded the new LASA iPhone app.
Works like a charm.
See you in San Fran at the end of May!
Good grief!
The Packers may give a 6th or 7th round pick to make Tebow our 3 QB  As an owner, I boycott this idea!
Tickets for Ultraviolet Festival go on sale this Saturday, August 13th at 10AM!
Get that paper girl, cause i need some new J's..lol
you looked good on stage boo ;
AND WE HAVE A WINNER!!!!!

Well I had to let you know I was still alive.
Are talking about the same America?
Everybody hates us and thinks we're overweight and stupid.
thanks!
Enjoy your weekend.
Good thing in building a table cause I need to hammer some shit!
This was less of an attempt to prettyup my office, and more of a means to keep my cat out of my plants.
Whatever happened to Day 26???
Hanging out with the biggest loser tomorrow ,
so much respect for you girl!
love you 3
...
Meeting with Faith Evans about Brooklyn Mint productionProduct launch with Misa Hilton check..Sleep..
Ugh..gotta get ready for tomorrow..gotta get back to school.
.
I wonder what i missed.
you've tested the Verizon nexus, does battery...
Suck too??
Amy looks so bad.
Omg.
You locked both the cats in the bathroom.
Sprite is traumatized.
I want Metric tix from
i just got so confused.
life is not a spectator sport.
what do you mean by that?
Just cut my Hunger Games shirt's sleeves it looks so cute 3
I go through phases like that.
But no.
Too prissy.
Sitting here doctoraming up some hairstyles...
Diet  Exercise is the key to balancing our busy business  personal lives.
Zonya Foco is with us today, giving us tips!
ALONE TIME....JUST THINKING....
I know I'm biased, but the bikini bootcamp is still my favorite workout..
just did it with a smile :
ya kno tht pic has an error its not found
Hitting my BONG
I was reading Adelle Davis at that time and she was very critical of the food industry of that time and even before I was born
Some people just don't know when to quit.
Done!
We need a model for the KISSpdx Flip practice shoot!
the only thing better would be if gossip girl was on ;
RT : Did you know Mi Casa Su Casa in Reading, PA serves breakfast?
Well they do  and it's good  and on the Corridor.
Caliente
She does she will add who beg to add her ok she said she does she plays halo and cod the only M games she can play the restE T
When we read things on tablets the fact that we're reading on a tablet will affect where it comes into us and what it means to us.
Heading to the program at after work today.
Woot!
to oomf  i like how we always kinda tlk to each other on twitter, without
on a song??
lol
Oh, I'm sorry.
Am I not supposed to say things that show any sort of hint of depression or selfloathing or fear?
I'll go back to lurking.
kinda wanna see the avengers I already know ur answer stickstongueoutatyou
RT Lie and claim u a street nigha from my city...
Ima blast yo ass for tha fake that you are...
Uh oh!!!
Well done!
Hope your 2010 apprehension record is equally fabulous.
Congrats on a successful 2009.
it means their babied and given special treatment.
I'm not a flyers fan either btw.
Ha!
You'd be surprised...
:
regardless we can agree that was some scalding
On behalf of jazmine, saucy tweets :saucy was set to KITTALMI by electric power.
Isn't it weird that I don't really like birds in real life but I like to doctorw them.
Of all the animals
3 days of high school soccer and I already want it to be club again
Now there's a man who can communicate in a normal, coherent manner : sigh
US Airways Makes Push for Potential Merger  Wall Street Journal
follow me please!
:D
how have you been man?
ToughCrowd made me laugh my head off and a big part of that was Patrice.
You will be missed big man.
thanks for the RT, Allison.
Which word would you pick?
I'm still debating internally...
Leaning towards google as a verb.
Doesn't all religions lead to God anyway?
RT: There are two choices in life, connect to Love or not.
ChooseWisely
TY fitbot makes fitness tracking as easy as sharing a pic!
RT: motivates u to live a healthy lifestyle
...
Monsieur Nicolas Sarkozy, Président de la République Française, mister David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, .....
so on...
SO to for playing the other half of today at UW Showcase :
well its been forever.
How you been?
Sliders ?
Yuck!
5 guy, maybe...
cc
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Any agreement that spouses can enter in a prenup agreement can also be done in a postmarital agreement.
I seriously can't wait to start working out again
I've seen a ton of sales...hope you can snag one!
My vow to give idiots up for Lent sure has cut down on the amount of Twitter and FB posts.
is porntrist still up?
Great Job BigBlue!
FF him, for making me laugh.
Often!
:D RT FF because she still remembers the little people.
The Commercial with still gives me goosebumps
For those art friends who have not not check out I highly recommend it, really cool art  tech!
Hi Eric, just following up.
Let me know if I can set up a quick demo for you.
Thanks again!
Rush Limbaugh is a steaming pile of rancid excrement.
All of sudden prom is a subject to talk about xD
Great call, I am riding you bid dog....you are on fire!!!
lol I love the ipredict app it's so funny
hey do u know of any live concerts tonight
How is saturday night live gonna come on on Friday lol
You are a great competitor so it should be easy to work hard!
RT : More than 2.2 million Americans have this painless eye disease that is a leading cause of blindness in the US...
Yes, and it is Important to go.
RT RT : Everyone go and Check out our Grip TV at Gripmagonline.com
Curious about visiting chile.
Thought or recommendations?
idk Yet My Og tryna go to Myrtle Beach Now so it's one or the other
I always manage to get the machine next to the grunter who somehow sprays sweat on me from 5 feet away.
Currently doctornking a Monster.
I don't need another friend like seriously i have enough..
man I know I'm grown but I don't wanna hear that ish!
I did it again.
Triple A is playing like a man on a mission.
I love it.
And Syracuse's athletic department will add both baseball and men's hockey...
yo my bad bro.
I'm on it
a girl at my church
even a second Blind Double date?
Lol
Huh?
I rep CrewBudOnDeck Who da fuk R U?
Roast away boy...
On our way to the Spartan Race!
Thank you to The Seattle Foundation and GiveBIG sponsors for another great online giving event!
Shipleys and Boy meets world
Wanted to say Thank You to all of you for following.
I've been under the weather the last few days, but should be back to normal in a few
Says who?!
No, thank YOU, Alex for your great tweets.
I got you on my new social media experts list for Twitter!

Is this the right move where municipal water supplies are both scarce and waste water is recycled?
Back 2 reality tomorrow.
Looking forward to the tornado simulation that and put together.
Look 4 my stories Mon  Wed  10.
Please post your podcasts on itunes PPLLLLLEEEEEAASSEE!!
I promise i'll listen to them.
I was choking on sweet tea and my sisters were just laughing and taking pictures.
smh.
new Elmore Leonard novel out, Raylan.
looking forward to it!!
All doctorssed up this morning...
Demo and shoveling plaster this afternoon.
Life on Polish Hill is never boring.....
RT : The power of Whistle Blowers  DOJ Records 3B In False Claims Act Settlements, thanks largely to whistleblowers...
You're right!
RT 2 be in good company  : Today ...
similar to you is
is the only one who I can actually talk to about anything.
Love my close friend:
Did you check AVS forum for general thoughts/reviews?
Who got a new cell phone for Christmas?!
What did you get?
Has a reading Wednesday and then VACATION until August 31
You should always watch when you are shaking your ketchup onto your hotdog because when you dont, it hits your husband.
Sybase 365 Enables Globe Telecom To Expand Its Ipx Connectivity Globally
Happy Mothers Day to all of the great Moms out there!
May your day be filled with hugs, refrigerator art and Bloody Marys!
That I can protect your babies swag
I'm a mother fuckin 
Great talk by about how inspired her after watching the Olympics.
Thanks a lot and i'm looking forward to seeing you.
Always a good morning after a Bulls win!
Join us tonight Saturday February 4th from 58pm at for the OPENING RECEPTION of AFFECTION!
Green Clean Tip of the day: Mix 1.6 oz of eucalyptus oil  1Ltr of water.
Shake well and use as you would a store bought disinfectant.
have you tried the Spicy sandwich yet?!
On This Day: May 11, 1647, Peter Stuyvesant arrived in New Amsterdam to become governor.
In the home stretch of mixing/mastering 4 my forthcoming holiday CD Christmas Time Is Here!
Deep ears time
okay I'll inbox it to you on Facebook when I get back to my room in few!
The University of California, Santa Barbara39;s independent, studentrun newspaper.
Hey Presente, I'm a former contributing illustrator, much love to yall!
as long as you can figure it out...why not?
now   later
Desperately need to get off campus.
Heading to Panera for a large cup of coffee and some peace  quiet.
had a gr8 time in my hometown.
But I count 6 blue blazers I airport bar.
hey umm i am coming over within the next cpl of days though
Use social media to CAUSE measurable action.
Getting my nails done for tonight!
;
I told Iman it was Martin Luther King's birthday.
She said O...
Is he really a king.
I said no he's not the king...she's 5,
DS: Jim Caldwell is our new Offensive Assistant/Quarterbacks Coach
Can't wait to hear the album.
You're a truly gifted songwriter!!
We'd love to play a show with u out here soon if you're into it!
RT : And folks that's why Soccer is the greatest sport on earth.
The ducks have not lost at the Pepsi center since 2008
Great!
I'll take a look.
Thanks.
Sorry I didn't know.
R/T for my 7,000th tweet !
I just want a job for the summer.
Shout out to and for showing love last night...
Finally, a nice day in Chicago
more of an aspiration.
Wow dustin way to quit track....
Devin.Anne3
Super pumped for Michael and Amanda's wedding today!
I love you Whitney Houston  I will miss you3
If it's not a hell yes, it's a hell no.
Jeanna Gabellini
Because this is really a horribly played game on the Clippers' part.
what rain?
Not raining in God's country of Great Neck!
: I couldn't get in to see it.
Have a good show...I'll have to see the video!
Just doctorve past what looked like a dugup casket resting on a trailer behind a parked pickup outside of an appartment complex.
Weird stuff.
u guys are all amazing!
thanks for 2,800 followers today.
love u guys.
be on tomorrow !
noschool GOODNIGHT 3
If you're lucky enough to be Irish, then you're lucky enough.
Irish proverb.
Hittin the gym !
If you guys win I hope Arsenal finish 4th and Chelsea winning is what pushes them off the last spot.
It would make my year!
There's a young, attractive woman begging for money in front of a Target that's hiring.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Thank you!
Yes m'am it did!
Totally crazy.
Everyone was super sweet though.
Khadijah was worried the baby was going to slip out.
So cute!
: we love your images.
Good work :
Thats Bowie/For you: the Pope of Pop, coy as Christ.
Like a play/Within a play, hes trademarked twice.
Tracy K.
Smith, '12 pulitzer poet
CAUSE I WONT HAVE IT, IM NOT HANGING UP, WHAT YOU NEED, IS RIGHT HERE AT YOUR FINGERTIPS GIRL JUST DIAL 3237869201
calls Bieberconda Jerry : Thats the sweetest thing hahaha,wonder what Pattie thinks about that.
At Crossroads w/  come play...
Y'all bet not sleep on tha Dallas Mavs babe....bring it home boys: TRIPLE D BABE n my Big Chief voice
Appreciate the insights!
MT : Hello Virginia!
Watch World Peace  Other 4th Grade Achievements tonight at 10:00pm: WCVE Richmond  WHTJ
Thank you for the RT: : Destination ImagiNation  to learn  experience creativity, teamwork  problem solving...
Thanks for following!
I'm not liking your attitude ahahaha
Maybe it's me.
Lol
expert reviews from
I wish my mom did then I wouldn't be causing this world so much pain ;
At CEO Roundtable dinner w/ Bob Taylor founder  president of Taylor Guitars.
Worldclass guitar maker  great San Diego company!
Gonna go to IDA Hollywood today for a class!
;
So glad you found a logo you loved, Patty!
Our team really enjoys working on the brand.
Thanks for the tip Bill.
Best in the New Year.
MarchMadness is back in action tonight.
Are any of your picks still in it to win it?
I have Ashley's car at work today.
What does that mean?
BANH MI LUNCH HELL YEAH
how is it?
IN THE STUDIO RECORDIN THE GREEN PILL MIXTAPE
Just had a blast in Pvegas!
Off to watertucky to spend quality time w those I love the most.
what up doe?
Im in the builin' and im feelin myself
Wait, you have pants on?
Maybe that's why.
Leave all your love and your longing behind you, Can't carry it with you if you want to survive.
movin'groovin'
at least someone's not hating on Lebron
Info?
RT : Getting some interesting inquiries about the Truth or Dare Speed Dating event on Mar 16.
Will you be there?
World Riddles: Secrets of the Ages: This time you will be learning the secrets of the Seven Great Civilizations.
...
S/O to for still not following me!
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with a few seconds of sheer terror.
Pappy Boyington, WWII pilot
I describe myself as large enough to not tickle but small enough to not wake you up.
Haha karen just told our teacher a very dirty joke ...
Our teacher laughed ahahahahaha
16th Amend, great  did they rule it a direct or indirect tax?
Yepyou'll be sending a crew to H ST if was bad!!
situation rt : you better hope it was good!
How late is the card suite open today ?
Gotta go card it up!
yep.
I'm defiantly cheering for my Caps :
LOL!
And I thought it was Karen Wright
When my brother takes a twenty mintue shit and makes me late to the gym 
Looking for a place to preform : any suggestions???
Yea yeah ima see you later on doctorski RT : I'm so done w today!
We'll try this again another day!
LeBron says he had 'nerveracking' cancer scare  Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James tells espn
Happy Easter...CHOOSE TO REJOICE!!!
I haven't been on tumblr in about 2 days.
My inner hipster is having withdoctorwals.
I have to wake up early tomarrow ..haha let's see how that's gonna work out
I ain't on nobodys jock.
you right bout that fan statement.
lets blow this up.
Where u at.
on or off?!?
Please join us in welcoming to twitter.
Follow them for career tips and general library  info science news
stick pipecleaners in them so they stick up weird.
hah aww that is too cute!!
That's a rednose!!
Omg I'm up so early!
Last night was fun now it's time to worship god!
It's a beautiful day in Atlanta.
Come on OUT  enjoy the New Year's Savings on Everything in the Bookstore.
Dbl Punch doctornk of the Day:...
OUHGFDBVKGHDJGFB IM SO HAPPY
...when the shoes you want don't come in your size.
If you really really want them, you'll make your foot the size of the shoe.
gd that was f ing funny
triple h
im hungry, and its not even 5th period yet
Not loving the new buttons on the left.
When I click on them I can't see the bottom of the message without zooming out my browser.
I'm reading 's RecordCollecting4Girls and I'm loving loving loving it!
The iconic boyz are sexzy and we all know it
Short CV council agenda Tuesday: 8 items, all on consent.
What makes you passionate about the possibilities for a hemp economy?
I think it's sorta meta I'm nostalgic for an earlier, simpler time when The Wonder Years was on TV
are playing a FREE SHOW tonight at The Basement in Northhampton, MA ...
8PM ...
Be there.
No worries.
I blame my eyes, not you guys.
:
Hey whats sup my homies, i just wanted too let u no that i love u guys who followed me!!!
:
Its amazing how someone can break your heart and yet you still love them with every broken piece
It's Miller Time!!!!
oh no.
What happened?
Just seen the Hottest woman at the gym, and she's a massage therapist!
There are not enough resources to catch the criminals.
Maybe the money will go to solutions to catch the criminals.
Not happy that the taxpayers funded a superbowl commercial.
I always miss your tweet attacks.
: Well, all I wish for is a follow from you  no need for a reply.
:
Twisted Thursday
practical, succinct articles on leadership in latest newsletter.
Well done!
The greatest adventure of her life.
Because the last time wasn't.
I finally got to watch play in the playoffs in today's game, he's the best
Never thought stars could be so bright from downtown  except for airport, the Fed Pen, a few stairways, it is dark!
NF u back
lol for real that's it.
Thinking of starting a 90 day weight loss challenge!
Stay tuned for more deets!
count on it boobear!!!!
I can't wait to see you!
Mine keeps autocorrecting to caramel corn, which is weird because I hate county fairs.
RT : You know you're a douchebag when: you use You're old as an insult.
One Direction sold out MSG in less than a minute.
Take that, Justin Bieber.
Celebrating the 2011 year with the Farmington Jaycees congrats top your successes, and best of luck in 2012!
Cannot wait to see and in two days
lol she tweeted last time i had a boring day like this so maybe il get lucky and get a follow to 
Haha just getting warmed up!
: was wondering when your bball tweets would start!
RT: : Want FREE tickets to BECKY SHAW?
RT any of our reviews, videos, etc.
we'll give you a pair for Sunday night !
RT!
I am amazed at how messy my work bench can get in such a short amount of time.
Its not even the same no more
Great tool!
How can I use this in a TeamCompetition Review Game in 7th grade?
Any suggestions?
mon all or oh?
LUCKY U!!!!!!
I was in a mock trial competition against loyola....
Hahahahahahaa DO I HAVE STORIES FOR U!!
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
If your looking for something to do, we have a music showcase at All Asia 334 Mass Ave Cambridge.
5 cover

today was the day we went o valley fair  mall of America  it was such an amazing day I blew all my money on shopping
10 off sale with code: TENOFF!
Hurry ends in a few days!
Good Morning from Lapel
RIP to Rudy Gonzalez Quevedo
What do we do?
We find people who want to help childoctorn in Zambia succeed  we provide opportunities to support through financial donations.
Quickster should buy it!
Ha!
Lol
THis for reaL niggas only

ready for the convo this weekend...?
Thanks to u crazies for coming to the rock show last night at It was crazy.
was crazy.
crazy.
Woo
Why twitter tripping
You're most welcome!
Great!
Thank you for reading!!!!
bruh the struggle is real out here forreal my nigga
Hi Mary  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, not following you too!
Are we in a tech bubble?
Successful girls day : now work 430 till 830/9ish?
Rain Rain go away, come back on some other Convention day...oh well, better than 10 inches of snow today?
Good Luck to Coach Calipari as he makes a run at a record setting 3rd vacated Final Four!
Its last longer when your making love
awesome!
where is this?
Hi Trish.
I envy you.
So hot and humid here.
No rain near me.
RT : Next auddev chat.
Friday 9/16, Noon ET.
Topic: younger audiences w/ Connie of  .
Cedarcrest doctorll Team won 3rd place at competition in Everett today.
Go Red Wolves!
GL at the hottest table in the room today.
My earliest memory: my parents installing software on a 30MB hard doctorve the night they brought home a new Mac Plus.
Just singed up for a playwriting intensive in Madison.
Super excited.
Super broke.
Now on to Lewis 09 Mason's Cabernet.
Being in advertising/PR, can't wait for Super Bowl commercials!
Terrible.
Try not to let anyone get you out you character.
oh no!
why no bracelet?
p.s.
can you please email me your mailing addoctorss?
No jail time will occur as a result tho don't worry!
Lol!
how many classes we going to have together next semester?
Happy mother's day
Balboa Park Dec Nights Mobl website traffic30 of all traffic/was up 140 over 2011 up 4Andoctorid up 299of traffic
Thank you for the kind words!
what is your email addoctorss?
Why are the John Casablanca ppl calling me?!
read your answer: Africkin'men to that...just a bit too metro for me.
ROFLMFAO!!!
thanks TRacy
Thanks for stopping by, it was awesome to see you!
Going home to get my bike when I go to lunch, would be nice after work if I could shoot some ball...who down?
War Pigs!
Can't believe Black Sabbath is trending
Shopping day today.
My girl has such a beautiful heart.
3
We hate liars and hypocrites so do us a favor and just don't be one.
A HUGE shoutout tonight to Mark Johnson, buyer specialist, on his first closing with Lake  City Homes Realty.
Congratulations, Mark!!
annual report...
AT THE PRINTER!!!!
who wants to celebrate?!?
ME!!!
Our hearts are influenced by the Spirit of God or the spirit of the devil.
Which spirit we hearken to is seen through our actions.
oh wow there are just certain things you dont do and THATS ONE OF THEM leave the pain OUT
Thanks buddy!
Took a nap, in the sauna, at the gym in my office today.
So much better than your average lunch
It's hard to escape the rabbit hole when you cross the border of trying to consciously reprogram parts of this doctoram...
and realize you can!
my votes are in!
let's go NYR freaking out!
Everybody shoots well over Battier
hahaha.
Too cold
Join our Baby Basics Workshop today at 12:30p.m.
at the Georgia King Village location.
Call 6212241 to register!
me late vamos!
Got three awesome new assignments today.
Blushing with excitement.
you might call it junkin...I call it thriftin.
Thriftin big time up in this giving season.
What.
thanks for the nice words, we love to meet new fans!
Movers are here!
Ol skinny ass
no it's really not!
Well I hope to get to stay for at least that!
Seriously, if you have cable, go to TBS and effin' hit Start Over right the hell now for Bacon Man.
If not I'll post it tomorrow.
OUT festival here in Philly Oct 9th.
finally at the Sleep Inn in Travelers Rest.
Why am I typing into this thing instead of z?
Happy Friday!
agreed!
Love the almond too.
i follow you on the court!
gettin work done!
Hard work will pay off :
a lil someone else should have went home.....
Gary, you are gonna finish your dessert, and you are gonna like it!
SpongeBob
Today on  Comanagers  with re: January 18th event
where at!
wow!
nice dining room!
A good day for who proclaims your pizza is free today
I know it's only Tuesday, but I'm excited: tune in FRIDAY for Episode 6  see why it's my fave.
Sunday 9am or bust!
It's cheating to watch it at any other time.
Just not the same!
lol yea I do .
But I'm probably thinking of this from a selfish perspective.
By probably he means definitely.
Talk like a pirate day on September 19...Arrrrrrrrrrrrg Matey!
Going to see Kylie Minogue at Hollywood Bowl !
Great tickets.
I have been waiting so long to see her.
So happy
Why would I be partying in a bra and fishnets 
of I can get ahold f a working shower I'll go!
looking forward to see you in my living room this fall!
BEOs, check!
Look forward to moving in to The RitzCarlton, Half Moon Bay for an extended stay next Friday!
I took a few days off bc I was feeling antisocial  lazy.
Also, I was consumed with watching seasons 1  4 of Eureka.
I use the words I AM when setting my intentions.
I visualize myself as if it's already happened.
I AM ABUNDANT.
Then I take action.
follow sullivanstpress and we can message you.
thx.
S/o to for keepin it 100 with me!!
working on it.
Jus gt through hoopin we won both of our games
Nope.
LIke I said, we're just discussing the worst companies in America and your team tops the list.
Congrats!
Thanks for stopping by last week!
Explain to me how our pets have better healthcare than 80 of the rest of the earth's population?
Black.
Yes.
Common Sense.
Yes.
Raised right.
Hell yeah.
Wouldn't have it any other way.
Nothing quite like the Fridayatfive stress out.
Nor the resultant happy hour, I guess
the internet has many great things, and that is one of them.
Junior pitcher Melanie Mitchell throwing today vs.
George Mason.
That's awesome!
Did you use a program or designed it yourself?
This man is one of THE funniest people I know!!
This txt he just sent!!!
I can't deal!!
Hahahaha!
Is It Juss Me Or Does Get Bomber  Bomber Everyday???
IKnow It's Not A Word But That's The Only Word That Can Describe Him 3
Great conference.
Thx!
RT : COFLA That's a wrap!
See you next April at COFCHI  stay tuned for more blogs over next couple of days
The first beat I ever got down on was a beat around 98'.
I'm old den a mug without funds.
It's all g tho watch me this year
nice photo...how are u?
Woo just watched the Rangers win in Baltimore
where's bj?
OMFG.
YES.
YOU HAVE TO.
:D
no, wish i was..
mega expensive for tickets..
Goodnight tweeters :
As the sun sinks below the western horizon, i want to wish you and your mommy a happy pesach !
Brian Williams' report last night on NBC about the killing of bin Laden sure to be a classic.
Have a great day or sleep well wherever you are on this amazing planet that has been given to us.
Lets keep it clean.
Hoff with an RBI single with the bases loaded and one out to cut into ULL's lead, 51.
That was an amazing show today : SandersSunday 21 Love you Peyton !
we were just talking yesterday about how we want a lardfree jiffy corn muffin!
Another Sunday at my day job The good thing is I'm not interrupted.
I'm working on some web design.
It's funny how everything in life you try not to be, sometimes you become.
Doesn't mean you are going backwards.
Experience guides ur future
haha go get one!
ForeverJealous I've tried so hard!
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, I think your sexy, so have my babies?
25!
very respectable.
how was the terrain?
RT : Q3 In corporate environments, Learning on Demand rarely goes through the LD group.
I stayed at a really nice, really fancy hotel this weekend.
The towels were so thick I could hardly get my suitcase shut.
BUT I can do the weekend before you guys leave or the weekend after I get back.
Thoughts?
Comments?
Concerns?
My line Dead azz fuck Hit my line if u wnt to 4142180555
ima CRy bc yhur truly talented !!!!
And yhu was born to be somebody !
After years to trying to figure out women, I'm giving up and moving on to a much simpler subject.
Quantum physics.
Contentment doesn't come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of fulfillment after the achievement of a complicated job.
followed hun:!!!
ha'
Sucks RT : I don't know why I get so protective and jealous over you when you're not even mine.
Our books showed up today
kick ass master copy.
Stagecoach fashion: Girls  fringe, bathing suits and cowboy boots.
Guys  jeans, no shirt.
Good luck on your interview!
well she better anounce soon.
I want those shoes and the tiger shirt and skirt
good to see you are back in town
Shocking ending to tonight's Game of Throne's episode.
A tragic end for my favorite character Eddard Ned Stark portrayed by Sean Bean.
it's always fun hanging with you!
Scott's candid thoughts were great  it was a really great event.
C u at
chicago is cool.
Thank you Martin Luther King Jr.
from the BR team!
I like Dwell!
Their duvets are , but they have good sales.
Scott Plondke has stepped down as the head basketball coach at Fennimore High School.
sure but you take the risk of a reaction, and many times it will stop what the medicine is trying to help with.
Best to not
Ha.
He said, I don't read any of my clips.
RT Schlauderaff should be hashtag just like
I need more friends like Talia and the Arise group.
Then, I think I'll finally be happy
Agreed.
I need to tell you about a new guy.
Sigh.
WE go to Mars to create and find new life and a new start, something most of us can relate to.
To find the beauty of Earth on Mars
even better
ADD VALUE: All great professorssionals.
Thanks for the shout out!
We loved having at our West Suburban location this morning to test out TRX!
no she has been watching Lady Gaga getting inspired by her!!
The toothfairy teaches childoctorn that they can sale body parts for money.
will do!
yes but not the Sebastian mega can.
Yay!
meh wedding photographer friend!
Got your cute thank you in the mail!
you will see them on the first day of class :
Ppl r so gullible..
Like legit they believe everything everyone says it's dumb af!
pop yr teeth back in and get some sunshine I am like an old man, my bad leg propped uprainy weather gets it every time.
: Nate sounds good on the radio, good color guy AGREED
I love the battery life on my iPhone.
My goodness, it lasts all day.
:
hey ariana!
Hope you're having a lovely day.
:
In the 70s John and Yoko walked right by me on 57th St.
staring at me, after I averted my eyes so as not to appear as if I were star gazing
what is your contact email addoctorss?
I want to talk with you about our product
Those look great!
thanks for sharing  great use of texture.
I am proud of you.
Congratulations on your continuing success.
The Lacey Transportation Committee has only met twice this year, yet at election time they pandor and say they are for fixing our trans woes
I would not have guessed you began in the Midwest.
This feels like a good day for naps.
Not thinking they will allow it tho.
Cmon you redmen!
Our season may be all bit lost, but I still want three points!
I just don't understand the appeal of Pinterest.
I have never had a mint julep.
Finally the weekend!
the reply all faux pas goes from email to SMS/twitter!
Thanks for the laugh, Jim!
Featured cleanse 4 today is the Tiao Fe cleanse.
15 day program.
FREE SHIPPING 4 orders placed by 2/6.
42
Well you got what was coming then.
HA HA.
Just kidding.
Not sure if wants to see a picture of me shooting an M203 grenade launcher...
Oh well, dad would!
DM...
sorry took so long, just saw it
They long to be close to you!
well, suits are the shit too
send us your BTK fan photos!!
or www.myspace.com/beheadthyking
yeah but if I post it on facebook and twitter people will finally like me!
Right?!
Sorry about the flood!
Any consolation  I multitask EXCLUSIVELY and fail spectacularly!
I survived the sexperv date.
He might have winked once or twice though.
;
happy to hear you enjoyed it!
we may live our lives a little slower, but that don't mean I wouldn't be proud to show ya, where I come from.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
An honest man is always a child.
Socrates
Back in Austin  hangin out w/my brother He's got me laughin so hard at the stuff he does  says!
that was hilarious
NEW GATE HOURS  CROWN HILL: 38th St.
Clarendon Rd.
gate closes  6 pm; 34th St.
Boulevard Pl.
stone gate will continue to close at 5pm.
The rest of this tournament may show that was the secondbest team in the country this year.
Be careful not to eat too much today!
Tomorrow is the first day you can get delivered to you!
It occurs to me that with over 50 space tweeps attending  touring the CTV, none actually used the onboard potty.
Good Job!
did he really laugh?
Lol
I KNOW: I looked for him too and couldn't find him
What if a penguin ate a whale...wait that's not right xD
sure follow me too :D
Run well, !
yea I miss my fellas..
Just not the 2 dummys in charge lol
That awkward moment where you thought he was cute til he opened his mouth to reveal a neanderthal smile....
Ugh!
same here :
You only live once that's the motto.
YOLO
looking forward to secret wine party!
Weeding out all the Life Coaches, Marketing Gurus, Internet Businesses and others.
Buh Bye
Word!
.
.
.
Can't believe how close I am to graduating
This movie always pisses me off..
2845 depending on the style and color :
I needed to hear that.
Now im bout to get fierce:
Do it...do it..do it.
Then you can celebrate with Rockies beer for suckers like me stuck at work
:D me and lovee period cups;
Our Grandma is obsessed with Elvis , Our Mother is obsessed with Michael Jackson , And WE obsessed with .
VenezuelaEsloMejorDelMundo Oh Yeah Babe!
keep calm and be a
Brewing Beer Today!
itshardwhen you thank u can trust him
We eagerly await the arrival of LBJ Library's copy, order went in yesterday.
So glad the applicability is no longer debated.
just wondering!!
What color hair does she have??
Eyes?
Height?
My day
On the way to NYC
Oh, you know I will.
I feel that I have many more journeys ahead as my childoctorn age.
The youngest needs to get to 5.
Indeed, baseball is humbling.
please follow back!!
xoxo
Attn:  RT DNC super PACs are calling the next fundoctorising push a SuperORama for President Obama?
Verifying...
happy Easter he has risen church was lovely
shock top cans...my life is complete
You will be remembered by the photographs you have taken, not by the equipment you used...
It was an epic week in NYC with DJ Evo spinning three gigs with me.
i feel so sick omfg
what's the origin of that expression?
That foul on Paul George may go down as the weakest call in NBA playoff history.
Bulls win!!!
Thanks for all of the CRE mentions last week  !
Women's Yellow Pages , distributed throughout Southwest Pa, digital version  www.womensindependentpress.com
Thnx for giving MKE a try.
We are smaller, but hopefully you found us more convenient than ORD.
Hope to see you again soon!
All white true's ....
All white 1's I'm on 1
Trader Joe's strawberry licorice is my stresseating poison.
Parsley is like black pepperso ubiquitous we forget how good it actually is.
culvers is the tits!
Wish we had them in FL
How Andoctoressen Horowitz Bunted on an Instagram Investment  New York Times

Mo Hayder wins the Edgar award for Best Novel!!!
edgars
LA  DC.
Thanks for being great hosts Octagon First Call team LA.
Austin mahone loves his haters!
thanks!
Can't wait to join you!
diddo  you're not the first person to tell us this 
Thanks!
I got a long ways to go to catch up to you tho.
lol
thank YOU torsten!!
what a fantastic moment
Celebrating a kickbutt workout with a few fabulous glasses of wine.
chillaxin :
Marquette has to settle down ...
they're all over the place ...
its still early though.
We're fine here at WPH.
Avoid the other side of campus, but Alumni Park, Bovard are fine.
Thanks for the add, Hope to see you soon!
oh she think I'm playing lol
Than you for following me on twitter!
RT : unexpected effect of moving to short username is that am now regularly confused with Shorty Da Prince and Mexican news org SDP.
its kassie my phone died ...
im sorry about that , i also have grandpas dying ..
two actually ...
hi shervin i am an american filmmaker in benghazi organizing a music festival for feb 21st and fundoctoriser for hospitals
thank u 
Excited for my trip to NYC!
Winter in the city and holiday decorations down Fifth Avenue!
Starting Insanity.
Again.
Wish me luck !
unicorns cant fly
Lovely seeing you tonight!
Go O's
Peterson camp is investigating these erroneous claims; They called for the test.
RT Again folks, curious to know what wines pair well with the Super Bowl?
Now Sean Fitzmaurice Conversations w/ Autism along w/ Eden School
Marshmallow peeps for breakfast.
I'm really liking YMCA motto caring, responsibility, honesty, faith, respect wow its gotta be apart of my daily routine
It's a 5k, at this point that's as far as I run.
The only good thing ab school this week is its my last week then summer.....
Then my SENIOR year!
:
I realized that I miss being in love ..
its one of those things
Should I vote for Mourdock or Lugar tomorrow?
you guessed right!
I listen and play music.
I am also involved with personal streaming radio Soundtracker.fm.
Thanks for the follow!
Start by writing well, that will help.
See what happens when you let an instructor follow you?
so Saturday it is, Robert RSVP us get us a patio table at
When I say my trust level is so intolerant BOY lol I dnt trust nbdy
going library early in the morning tomorrow!
I hate when black people calls gay ppl fags but go in an uproar when their called the N word
Want to get involved for the holidays???
Host your own mini doctorve!
Email: .
Roger that!
RT : I'd totally be up for
Let's return the Virginia State Senate to a Republican Majority Vote GOP on
Hey  I had a blast doing some shifts in the Boise area.
When can I expect more to become available?
I might have to agree!
what metal band starting with an a did you like?
All color bitches fucks with me lol
Take a picture with the other Big Ben from across the pond
Hebrews 12:14.
I have no idea what the verse even is but I had to tweet you about this.
silly humans and your socialization
If sharing knowledge, you have to make your audience know or care about your issue or believe it is one
thanks for a great PearsonCITE and the future of openclass is looking very promising.
This week is the last week for Youth Competition registration!
Encourage our young artists to enter at www.ghartwalk.com!
im good you?
See Stuy Alum in now!
He also stars in Glee as Wes in the Dalton Warblers.
your site is nice yo
I read you like I wrote you myself.
Goodnight/Morning SA
...
where a new installment must be released every 12 months, regardless of how good it is.
Ready to hit this road long doctorve
doctorwing offensive fouls is the least offensive part of Hollins' game.
Go Cavs!
not exactly.
I would have welcomed a nihilistic, no matter what you do it ends this way, meaninglessly, end.
Um  glad to hear it?
Cheers, anyway!
i wish i had a british accent...
:/
hope is pro gay marriage tomorrow, or David Gregory is going to have a bad day at Emerson's commencement Monday.
Friday night glass of HopSlam at RumpusRoom.
Found it oddly disappointing.
Has GreatLakesBrewing ErieMonster taken over my taste buds?
I've been following you on twitter and your career on twiter.
Congrats on the callup your a class act on and off the field.
Enjoy
Brrrr...Winter has finally arrived in Charlottesville!
Stop on in for a specialty beverage or hot cup of soup to warm up on this cold day!
If you have a specific style or color in mind, don't worry we also make custom fixtures.
You doctoram it, we make it!
I think Casey Anthony should of gotten a death sentence because who knows how the little girl would be when she grows up :
hey has anyone heard the new song by i luv it i will put it up in a sec
if u say so lol
my condolences.
I'm up for a beach picture!
Probably will happen this June after I finish school.
The Blue Lagoon!
Best bathtub ever.
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;
Getting ready for the BWJO holiday show tonight at the Jazz Kitchen!
Two sets at 6:00 and 8:30!
Such a cheerful HumpDay today in the city!
Loving the sunshine
What's up EVERYBODY!!!!
:
A dam way to wreck a houseboat  Pekin Daily Times
32 days alcoholfree feels good to not need a doctornk
lol no, you can do that.
You got an amex
Would u list players twitter acct's and FB pg's in your program 2 encourage engagement?
Every time a kicker gets the football through the opposing teams uprights during a kickoff, he should be rewarded with a touchback to the 10
Time to go more Xmas shoppingg  :
iight then good so we want have 2 hear his mouth....lol ;
Let's get schwasted and just...
fDIt.
Jersey Shore folk dialogue.
lol
RAY BAN ON MY EYE
Be with me, live with me, make plans with me...
Don't love me.
TieDye begins in half an hour in the Aerobics Room.
Dye a Siblings Weekend tshirt or bring one of your own!
Join the Revolution!
thanks!
you're awesome!
Ew this guys toe nails are mutha effin long.
I think im gunna throw up.
AbdulBahá is running a temperature.
He insists he will addoctorss the New York Peace Society this afternoon.
Lyfe Jennings  Must Be Nice
Subway for lunch!
Is it soy free?
TYVM.
My Family is all safe.
IDK about some friends.
Please Pray 4 all There.
The town has been destroyed
currently home!
Witness against excop accused of sexually assaulting women tearfully testifies she wishes more was done to stop him earlier
Activate the Snowture alert!
Thanks for the heads up
You know when I first read Heather I thought you somehow got a hold of Heather Morris.
When'd you change your name again?
fine..one season he was bad, the other he was hurt, wasn't he?
2 bad seasons xD
We dont make mistakes here, we just have happy accidents.
Your lame.
4.67 in the bank.
I wish work would finally pay my damned back wages
Tin Pan South week ROCKED OUR SOCKS!
We had so much fun!
My favorite  Ruth Collins, Hillary Lindsey, Paul Overstreet...
aww heck, Everyone!
That would be really cool!
Hey Nicole, thanks for letting us know about your recent visit.
I've passed your comments on to management there.
time to switch to a Mac.
me tool!
SteelerNation Pouncey will be on those Rookies day one!
He's the anchor, leader  heart of the OL!
Watch out this year!
Sometimes I forget how good DWade really is...sweet bank shot!
I can't understand the words there saying
This month alone, 10,000 unique listeners have tuned in to Simmons College Radio.
Thank you!
We could not have done this without you!
Is fringe back?
Cuz if so...I call bullshit...I lived through that nightmare already.
Today's market is the just reward for false hopes in the recovery that never happened except in the minds of the talking heads
...require the money and effort that any expansion of athletics would take.
All the need to do is properly administer the dept.
gross ;p
Only for 7 RT : : Come and put ya name on it, ya name on it...and it's not even my birthday!
gay
YouKnowYou'reADirectioner when you say I have to take a nando instead of poop.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Looking forward to seeing this month!
It's been almost two years.
Thanks, friends!
:
A smile is a language that even a baby understands.
Unknown
To God all things are beautiful, good, and right; human beings, on the other hand, deem some things right and others wrong.
Heraclitus
This just in: topknots beards  incredible.
Today's working mom dead giveaway: only bandaid I could find was tinkerbell.
Find BrewDog at the Jug Shop www.thejugshop.com and at City Beer www.citybeerstore.com in San Francisco.
Coming to bars soon.
Going to my moms house to make sure my brothers don't do anything bad while she is out.
That means I get to play pokemon on the wii
How about Curry Dogs?
....Believe the world can change 1 day at a time
Good anit good enough
Why do cats only feel at peace when their sphincters are touching your forearm?
Did I get your attention on my son?
How about ?
That's regional....
Is it cheesey to like Javiers??
Plastic is interesting.
:
Hamels is our best batter lately.
Although the maple icing is enticing, Duck Donuts doesn't hold a candle to
Christy is here from to take homeless community members to the Wilson Bldg rally against budget cuts for social services!
Finally saw New Years Eve.
According to our cab doctorver, we are 7 days too late.
like sit the fuck down bra.
You don't know what you're saying.
Esta Noche Live rocked the Event Center last night!!!
Thank you to all who performed and contributed
All iPhone books are checked out of the UW Library, so picked up a dustsoaked tome on ObjectiveC for NeXTSTEP.
What could go wrong?
excitement...updating the site for machine quilters with new blog, interviews and help for , check it out www.sallyterry.com
Lord knows I don't feel like getting fancy tonight
I am so sad that the walking dead will not return until the fall
Wasn't that that made those?
Mezza food is fantastic, but the service balows.
Jesus.
love seeing tweets with good news!
yeah!
Everybody Bashing My Knicks For Not Contacting PhilJackson Chill Out Its Plenty Time To Contact Him.
If We Dont He Must Not Be Interested.
thanks for letting me know you had a twitter account.
RT : SET never disapoints thank you for a great night, as usual!!
:
I watch on the website
Just changed my twitter account so I could make my business account.
Everyone who follows me needs to follow now too!
people don't become gay.
Sexual orientation is not a choice!
Same to you all!
yeah, VW gets you with synthetic right?
unintentionally starting to conceptualize McLuhan as the plebeian Derrida of new media
This bitch need to get on team
Shitty, then perfect for 6 innings, then shitty again.
Insane.
VIP Saturdays come hit me up
school should be from 912 everyday.
end of story.
Agree!
I used to be one of them!
Watching scary tv shows before bed 
Happy Birthday.
Quite irrationally, I've been looking forward to this one.
no ima go w Tim if he asks me out, no doubt
psst!
head on over to Distil Milwaukee's facebook page for a chance to swipe 2 tickets to their first Destination Thursdays event.
I thought people were saying it was about some dead girl?
:L
Where all the barca fans at?
when is associate, Adam Urbanczyk going to be on the show?
WOW!!
Lady in RED!!
; Great cause !!
Proud of Jules!!
Chris Newfield event in an hour.
Live blogging here.
Good stick to what you know and Text me Niggaaah!!
PHOTO FINISH is Officially Selected at the '10th Annual Garden State Film Festival' March 2225, 2012 in Asbury Park, NJ.
Details soon!!!
her phone got taken away but I'll let her know
MixedSubjects RT RT : Why my English teacher still wearing a damn lab coat
Everyone should watch YELLOWSTONE: BATTLE FOR LIFE.
It's epically narrated by Alec Baldwin.
which video?:
Can no longer ignore the fact that Friday is my last day of work for over 3 weeks.
Work ethic slipping through my fingers.
YES!
Prediction??
Looking forward to an evening w/ my girl , a DeMaio supporter.
No hating here.
That's how we supporters roll.
don't have one yet, but a couple ideas.
Will let you know what works out best.
That Is Great News...
:
Taking a two hour nap.
Got a long night ahead of me.
Thanks Sidney!
All three to Gagner.
Tyson Beckford  Sex Tape Being Shopped
You are welcome, my dear!
Right back at ya!
Wow thats pretty good.
Did you make that?
I will never understand females..
yes, I use Hootsuite
spent way too long figuring out how to write a tweet on this new jawn, now i'm le tired

I have the weirdest friends lmao
Well back to sleep I go....
News reports say that President Obama is going to dedicate his State of the Union addoctorss to the economy.
We say its about time.
Spent a great day at Sky Meadows State Park.
Spent.
ffffffffuuuccckkkk sorry bro
Waiting on APD after being car jacked in San Jose.
: are you here at Yankee Stadium??
My mom and I are up in the 200s!
Going tomorrow!
Can't wait!
Enjoy!
Thank you for bringing us Jersey Boys!
What a treat!
Idaho: Idaho wins 20 million for health insurance exchange Read more:...
In order to truly master the comfort zone, you have to learn to love it.
Peter Mcwilliams
Finally got the game on!
YANKEES TIME
Sneak attacks are for the CIA and fighter jet pilots
Wandering around aimlessly and waiting for the chipotlemonday siren, left the library far too early
Open membership!
Just cant be an uppity ring winner..
Or multi ring winners are the worst
Happy Hump Day!
doctornks on the patio, anyone?
Woo Hoo TIme for
I think i'm a lucky girl cause of you.
WILL BE SELLING TICKETS FOR THE 4TH ANNUAL MISS BLACK AND GOLD PAGEANT TOMORROW OUTSIDE OF THE MH BLD!!!
GET YOUR TICKETS ASAP!
You are beautiful , no matter what they say .
Words can't bring me down , 
Hey, Fashionistas: The glossy look to lipstick comes from fish scales, which are iridescent.
One of those days where all my typos are seeming just hilarious.
Sorry Excel sheet, you are staying named Mathbeth.
I am so in love with Smash
Likely hundoctords more  which sucks.
I fortunately didn't really want one but I sympathize with those that did /
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont The twilight saga
i call eggs prebirds.
or future birds.
Learn to litter train your guineapigs bit.ly/uF3DXC
fridayreads Working to finish rereading A TEST OF WILLS by Charles Todd for Monday morning's mystery book group meeting
RT : Look, if your not following how can you call yourself a CatFan?
BBN let's show him ky love!
Hey , I'm installing mercury on slicehost.
I have no idea what I'm doing, but it's fun so far.
Can't wait to test.
many NBA arenas have good atmosphere: Palace great in 0308, Cleveland or Boston, etc.
For me crowd cannot compensate for crap play
No love quite meets up to that 1st love.
U can love again but like they say about crack, U're chasing that 1st high.
my Mom
Radio wasn't invented for over a hundoctord years.
Limited Bcst Frequency Spectrum is a FACT.
Woohoo!
Monsanto's GMO's are going down in CA!
A million petition signatures were gathered to put label GMOs on ballot in NOV!!
I've been telling her that all week, haha RT : I srsly hate you.
:
All you who missed out on 's talk on the Psychology of UX  you missed out.
He truly brought passion, interest, and academics to us.
You are most welcome.
Too little, to late.
what is ss
MAD MEN is so well written this season!
Am I the only one who misses Betty doctorper??
People say I'm around because I have a lot of heart, but I know all the heart in the world couldn't have helped me if I wasn't physically...
HappyFathersDay to all the dads out there!
a BIG Happy Fathers Day to all those moms that have been both mom and dad for their kids :
thankyou so much !
:
Fml my phone just died...
the studio i record in is in Watertown  is the engineer  fuck wit him
whose birthday starts on time?
Just pull into a CVS and get a candy bar.
I don't even know, I have the most f'd up doctorams.
Anytime you want to chat about ALEC before writing misguided articles feel free to contact me
you right im going to come by and visit you at work lol
Life is rough, it's even tougher when you're stupid.
I tried to DM u but was unable.
email info to re: your free sponsorship offer for 3/9.
thanks!
lol at least yours is recent...
mine is from my childhood..
no idea how I got that in my head
Inventory and Mother's Day do not mix!!!
Thank goodness for whisky!!
Maehl had two steps on the DB, hauls in the pass and races for a 73yeard TD.
U of O up 1410.
It's fine, I know you didn't mean to :3
Fascinating to search who power Twitter followers are following.
Look at theatlantic followers, for example.
Yeah specially on a thursday wtf
Learned what a sidejack browser attack is today courtesy of my nuked work PC.
Enduring lots of ribbing from fellow work IT nerds.
love hurts the most when the person you love has no idea what so ever.
it'll be the best week of your life I can promise you that
Get that shit outta here
Follow 1 of the best hair stylists in the DFW
Before you judge me make sure you're PERFECT .

cause how im getting my car might keep me pulled over lol
Duck season opens in 30 minutes.
Happy Valentine's Day ABQ!
Don't forget to tell us why your business or loved one deserves a little extra sugar today!
3 stories will win!
and thank you!
To hear and seek out new and original rock, fans are now turning to the web ie: Pandora.com  Internet streaming radio.
While the prez is in NC discussing student loan plans, he can pay off my law school loans.
Thanks for the follow!!
i will!
assuming you will be as well, lets grab a doctornk like its a party in doctorws backyard
: A woman ...
caught her husband having sex with a frozen chicken.
That's sick.
You should at least defrost it.
Gasp!
: I wonder why JMS students don't just start a Wiki to pass notes to counterparts many of use reuse lectures after all
Good to know everyone is in a terrible mood today!
Have to mow the lawn.
Something I enjoy but would like a nap first.
Don't think the neighbors would appreciate latenight mowing.
The NBA season may be canceled!
But the playoffs will still somehow last until July.
Red Sox P's must like bloody uniform pieces...
Yes!
I can't wait for It's gonna be straight bonkers!!!
So much 3
Amused by the showing of Pretty Woman on the Family channel.
ff great filmmaker and stache.
awesome hosts Good to see top notch blogger
W.qrstuff.com for creating a code.
Why don't someone say the RoadBridge jobs will take 1 to 3 yrs.
to be shovel ready, do your home work!
Is there a cloud storage service like doctorpbox that can be accessed via a Windows doctorve letter?
Strapping on my crash helmet.
RT : I'm tellin' Angelina....
Can't keep all these girls straight.
Thank you!!!!
Make it rain Tyler :
Issue 104 features , RossHammond, , Dogfood, , ,  MORE!
Get your copy now!
don't tag them in it.
They're gettin pissed
One day, I want my office to have a layzboy with a monitor attached to the ceiling via swing arm.
Also, wireless keyboard and mouse.
Its because I'm doctorcula Bitch :D
So either its gonna be a light dusting or a blizzard!?!
it's 3A, they aren't any good.
Ok, what the hell is up with Heath Bell?
Miss Petco, much?
More blown saves than saves.
i will, promise!
The authentic life is established in hope.
It is hope that allows truthfulness, humility, forgiveness  gratitude to exist.
I just saw having a big party, but I couldn't tell how doctornk everyone was.
Hard to say...
RT Just had Innout for dinner and Dewar's for dessert.
Yum.
Must start diet and/or exercise when I get back home.
becauseofBYE i've gotten even closer to my bestest friend.
Heh...
Yeah, bit of a heart murmur myself.
Good thing too, as I had an adultstyle temper tantrum ready if that ball went out.
As they come in.
I think we are doing pretty good for March!
TONS of great shows coming this summer.
Would live to just sleep in as long as I want to, remember those days?
nahh, she's right here.
Watching you guys argue over stupid shit:
I was thinking the same thing, great minds think alike!
What's good homie!
Mike Treese
ok i need to know what is the song valarie that was used in glee from
damn...cancer sucks.
C'mon guyys if I get 75 followers me and will do a blog!!
Get to tweeting lol!!
What a great show.
Good writing and a perfect cast.
I was going to wear my new, stylish and ironic Beards T shirt to the game,but I have an indigo jersey.
Unbelievable.
Yauch would be pissed.
MT : The Sendak documentary has been pulled from YouTube for copyright claim by
stay in school wit yo lil kid ass
awwwh im sorry .
:
When someone asks me what my goal in life is, i always say i just wanna be happy.
Tom and Jerry is still by far the funniest cartoon to me
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, doctorpouts, alcoholics, weed heads, or somewhere in jail.
Successful first alumni weekend!
yeah...
I don't wanna leave yet
Sad is exactly right.
gosh you look so mature!
Like a junior or senior!
Congrats to for the screenplay The Rest of Her being a semifinalist for the KCWIFT  AMC Theatres KC FilmFest Contest!

as far as I'm concerned Thomas doesn't get ENOUGH Obama questions.They should plaster the entire end boards with da Prez
Michael Jackson was, is and will always be in my heart 
I had an amazing nap but my head still hurts :
and beans!!!
Lol
Fire at Skywalker Ranch reminds me  While listening to Shostakovich  that Luke Skywalker and Dmitri Shostakovich share the same birthday
Thanks for loaning to us at
The Super Guppy is coming to Seattle w the FFT??
Time to hold a !
I just had a tarantula with wings land on my hands.
Texas bugs are gangster!
I want to see the Fentennial!
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:11
features big room jam is on the way, my friend!
Headed to the ZOO.
Doing a broadcast with  see u there!
practice went well today.
i hope everyone is ready for our shows!
new faces.
same sweet tunes :
3 homers for Braun tonight should do wonders to get that slugging percentage respectable again...
You slay me.
Good Morning Denver!!!
I agree.
I really miss Reading Rainbow.
Great connection from tv to good books, recmnded by kids.
Very Importnt.V.Good.
bless u
what happened 2 Derrick Fisher?
Did he get traded or retire?
Or Magic just giving him some love?
my man!
U getting out early?
Library is closed on Sunday, May 15th, but good luck to all of our UB graduates!
You killed it Adele.
Welcome back.
Sweet soul woman.
Sorry to all of my classes today for being that annoying girl that can't stop coughing...
RT Mike Brown continues 2 amaze me sarcasm Yeah he is pretty brutal.How do you not just trade 9 and get something.
if there is a better time to reach you by phone, let me know and i'll pass to Andoctora for you cc:
My mom  I shopped for 3 days when my dad died we had nothing to wear to the funeral.
And grief causes ppl to act out.
Shock.
very excited for the Paul Ellison master class tonight
Happy trails Andy.
RT : last day in boise.
lol i love you!
W.
FeatherSuccess seems 2 B largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
something to sleep on.
can't sleep, so watching aussie league soccer action.
go adelaide?
go sydney?
GO OVER 2.5 goals!
Thanks to all the players, family, friends and fans that made our raffle a huge success last night.
Much appreciated
says: We need more police officers and we need to help create a safe environment for our childoctorn
bodes well for you RT : At 92, my mom has crossed the digital divide, thanks to
the stories tells me about his cat 
you're so adorable in 5year engagement!
Roses are red, violets are blue, flames are hot, and so are you!!!?
Austin isn't going 1..
He's projected 12 right now.
Plus Iguodola?
hibbert?
rondo bass pietrus Bradley
I think there's probably about half a dozen overused phrases that have the meaning beaten out of them over there
Have you got a pocketpoem picked out?
The play needs a name.
Pitt won in 1972 with the Immaculate Reception.
Tebow beat Pitt Biblically with the Parting of the Yellow Sea.
Welcome to the Twitterverse !!!
so, how is everyone today ?
Good food and short speeches...
Hi Kary  thanks for following StoryFirst Media!
Receiving money makes me happy.
I can't wait to be in Eagle River next week!
It will be so much fun!
In the Marina on Admirality Way.
Stop by say hi!!
Be you.
No one is better at being you.
oh that's good to know can u read in spanish
At the airport following great meetings and chats at
SOPA is dead?
Good.
Does that include PIPA?
hey long time no talk:
: BEST food, BEST doctornks, BEST barmaids, EP Rocks !!!
thanks for the shout out!!
Once yoga pants came into existence, i forgot jeans even existed
Lol, I was just telling dude that the world would be a better place if the kids these days were watching the cartoons we did.
millionaire in six months I am not!
Kenny Hilliard is just a freshman?
Dude's a beast.
nigga you ain't real.
I was on your side.
.
I want to be on stage screaming and jumping around like an idiot in front of strangers :
Romney adviser says he can hit reset button on his conservative positions in fall almost like an Etch A Sketch.
aka Americans are dumb
Don't be afraid of a little bit of pain, pleasure is on the other side.
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PICTURE.
And so upset I am not at a theme park.
Still haven't tried the new grilled nuggets?
Well today's the day!
Remington sources represent billions of dollars ready to step in to finance, refinance, or recapitalize all types of commercial property.
Happy birthday to the wonderful !!!!
I hope you have a wonderful day!
All printers fail at home argh...!
got a new one at walmart, now installing is taking forever fml is going to an all nighter
you should
War On Terror  US: Diplomatic Security Service
good morning to you!
hahaha I'm done...you win
Not sure if it should be legal to be up at 5 am
Fun Fact: Florida's got the best farts.
You get a magnetic sked instead.
Then I started liking this new Dominican boy,  we were in love.
I will marry that boy..I really will.
Just heard Tonight Tonight by on the radio
I have to check the place out yet!
workin on new music ...
music is the life becuz i wont stop til im dead !
, !
Good segment on the tax software
how much longer until u are on summer break?
At the store AGAIN mom sent me then going to school
Looking good, guy with the 'World's Greatest Dad' shirt sipping hooch from a plastic flask!
that's me in the back taking a photo of you.
We do have a couple.
Most have been ripped up or lost.
And they're 5th graders so those are too easy for most of them.
thanks for the mention!
We could tell you, but then we'd have to...
RT Failed at recreating your Red Curry.
Teach me, please!!!
Haha anytime big brotha!
Miss and love you!
I'd be down for that 100
Holy damn.
Where'd you learn how to write?
The Lovely Bones..
Good movie.
Kotchman still blows
Cant wait till fall ball!
How do you not love Ari?
His meltdown episode where goes dancing with his wife was classic
Cool stuff like?
Panther Prowl.
Attending podcast camp today with
Ifits about respecting country then why do only 1/3 of people vote?
Its an honor but you have to respect he used his free speech
Happy St.Patricks day!!
Don't forget to wear green so you don't get pinched : 
YOU ARE SO ATTRACTIVE.
mandy passed out candy canes.
You missed it.
Peter Parkers uncle.
Aw!
Serious kitty!
What are you saying chews did not steal an apple from the sky!!!
: In general, meaner people have less of a life.
EAT IT ANdoctorW!!
Proof
Your friendly Northern Virginia neighborhood Sunoco service and repair stations take pride in providing great service at a fair price.
Super strict diet after my birthday!
Let's hope tomorrow last long!
3
you know better homie!!
have an amazing mind.
She is GREAT!
Come visit us and get a lil cheesy booth 4011!
Can't wait to see all of our pram crisp addicts!
Honestly thought was a fat dude.
Glad the Street Knock music video cleared that up.
Goddammit.
Meanwhile this one waiter looks creepily like :o
less than 24 hours since you left and you're already ignoring my text messages??????????????
I can make that happen!
Sometimes skulls are thick.
Sometimes hearts are vacant.
Sometimes words don't work.
Buckeye bye week so I'm heading up to South Bend to catch USC vs Notre Dame Saturday night.
Rooting hard for the Irish.
Hate the Trojans.
Who is the Cockneyed Britisher that takes over twitter account during LFC games?
seems like archives get hung up on posting digital objects  descriptions are valuable, quick, and easy  cost/benefit and all that.
thanks for the
it's not chilly its beautiful out!
Tomorrow night I will be with Reggae artist Christos who will be performing his original music and songs off of his latest CD...stop by!
Night see you on the other side bithes 3 
You think the new season will feature Whitney Houston?
...too soon?
She's got swag of a top model, curves like a coke bottle.
Most epic Jenga ever
I guess this will fit almost the whole population of earth cause I see no one is taking action !

did the WSOP C TV deal get announced as of yet?
No idea.
haha I wasn't at class today.
TONIGHT!!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS AT CLUB FUEGO!!
200 DANCE CONTEST AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!!
Game 1 Eastern Final Rangers and the Devils Lets go NY!!!
now I'm sad Josh
what u gettin into
Long weekend..
Time to catch my z's !!!!!!!!
Work early!
It is bad enough that people are dying of AIDS but no one should die of ignorance.
Thought of the day: better to be a useful idiot, or a useless one?
Happy Birthday Ryan
I said bitch!!
That's a mistake!!!
Yo there's a beaner lady with a million kids waiting flew someone to open the door too, hurry!
:3
I look doctornk.
I'm not.
Lol
Yes I did!
I replied or DM'd him
Yo NYC the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, TwoSpirit, Trans and Gender NonConforming Contingent meets at 3 at 13th  Broadway!
So, I guess I should start soliciting movie/book suggestions for my vacation.
I will have to think of it as an intellectual vacation!
This is going to be a good one.
Listening to a panel featuring of about online reputation management.
is that a lesbian joke?
I wonder where the word geezer comes from
dont worry about it.
Being able to relax  enjoy the sites of WA state I hadn't been able to see before.
killed it on
very cool.
When was he here?
What did he do?
rightindividuals are always prosecuted..
sigh.
Good night 3
Watching solos from SYTYCD !!
I love him so much!!
He is just more than incredible!!!
Nothing gets us more excited than a constitutional review.
And Robert's Rules of Order.
The Desperate Housewives finale made me cry.
URGH despite everything why do I always go back to him and am still in love with him?!
When people dont give you your tbh
94 Elements examines the human predicament through chemistry  video  The Guardian
People who complain about things are the reason why this country sucks.
you need to do a concert in San Antonio before you leave
Got back to my desk w/ my take out salad from Was excited until I opened it  it was the wimpiest looking salad ever
I know it's a learning process, but I always feel bad completely redlining an intern's first shot at a press release...
real talk tho, u gotta get on point!
lol
Wow I can finally get into the stream, so at least I can see the PPV.
I can't access it on my iPod, though.
talk dirty to me!
;P
.
if the bag fits.
Lately every time i eat I get super nauseous..
Fuckk I'm gonna stop eating all together now 
Currently using my iPhone as a coaster for a can Old German.
LivingDangerously or just an
I NEED to talk you soon.
I am having withdoctorwl.
Love you
CHECK OUT NM GUNS ON LINE!
WWW.NMGUNS.COM
Bout to fire up this sweet and watch the lakers take this L
Should libraries ban FiftyShadesofGrey?
Is the unconstitutional?
Thoughts?
Just got back from beautiful california where I have been recording/filming new music and videos at Spirits Unlimited Fantasy Studio!!!
...But if you ask me to come to you / To leave these fields and these skies of blue / You know I'd be leaving my sacred groundPrairie Town
hey how u?
Big box of condoms u going to b sore.
haha thanks : but I still like Jacob;P I dont think I'll ever n0t like him..lol
German candy.
I'll live there one day.
Tom is incredible.
Life is too short
Can't stop thinking about the doctorse injury.
Feel so baD for him love his game and personality hope he comes back 110
I fucking HATE when people just sit there and stare at me 
That's awesome.
Went online and saw it's at the Weinstein Food Court at NYU.
M I'm gonna have to check it out.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
when he saw the trees he was the trees; there wasnt anything else in his consciousness
thanks man!
RT : cool products
ok u got that from the think like a man preview..
hahaha
keep it clean cut like bald heads.
I love remixing RB songs to Gospel ..
And to far away from here.
lol u crazy
NewBeans my idea of preparing for theatre usually involves use of a restroom, maybe snacks
I love my bo3 CHRIS!!!!
Dancing in the rain :
I hate that part.
Glad it's not there!
: Are digital humanists hot or cold?
Perhaps just savage.
Thanks for the RT.
our party on the 30th aka the chimney.
With all the spiritual authors and teachers out there preaching come follow me, I will enlighten you, why are we still here?
Pretty crazy, huh bro?
thank you!
:
Fall registration is about to begin.
Every class has a cutoff number.
3176145057.
www.yatkids.org
Indeed.
I applied that same reasoning to reaching over and slapping the offender.
;
high someone at vh1 is GENIUS ...lol
Was at Bar Hayama in W LA the other night for some SUMO Sake!!!!
Great spot!
Sound like a plan
Thanks for the retweet.
BASEES conference always yields fascinating material!
Can't wait to open up my popstar mag and have a Austin Mahone pull out poster:
The only time you Ustream is when I can't watch.
D':
yes and omg when I watched that's so sad and I dont get how ppl can make fun of him
my biggest fear is being the guy who gets nexted on MTV's Next as soon as i walk off the bus
3 espressos later  i think i'll stay awake for my 1st attempt at beer pong tonight.
Now what to do about the shaking?
Another great evening at the track...
Not to hot, not to cold, and perfect for motorcross!
Wise words.
Applies to personal responsibility, the free sector, and the government.
: Passed my last professorciency!
HYFR.
Im so fucking happy .let's go that makes both of us!
Gingras: Users go to home pages only 25 of the time.
Take away: attend to your story pages for search and social!
You say: Joss Whedon directed and helped write this?
I'M THERE.
Two teeths were taken off  now I'm in bad pain ;
happy australia day!
Put a light at the end of your tunnel
thanx for the 3, what's cookin' on your end?
id love for to follow me, i voted all day so far!!
Going HOME finally!!
Best of wishes to Adam tonight if St.Louis wins he wins 900,000 .
If you follow him on twitter u can get 15 grand,Fake?
Thanks for following!
I look forward to seeing your tweets!
we don't need kind discourse when dealing with overt communists who've ravaged the country and stomped on our constitution
: RT : Ex 5star Michigan DB recruit Demar Dorsey will play for Hawaii this yr.
son of a bitch!!!!
Eric cantor sucks...
We may be stopping in at local businesses to get perks for our IndieGoGo campaign this weekend.
Where do you want us to get giveaways from?
its worth a try, maybe :
To help you achieve your ideal smile, we are offering 300 OFF an Implant!
Offer vaild for new patients only  scheduled appt by Jan31st
Jmac is the man.
Any plans for today tweeps:D?
Construction Spending Up Slightly After Declines
So, what are you writing today?
Thanks for the mention.
Happy Friday!!!
is this a Gary Paulson reference?
That's no cobbler.
That's a crisp.
Great opening to the keynote.
Big thanks to Mary Lynn Miller.
shrmatl12.
Thanks mom!
poor Jen she cant get Twitter.
She doesnt understand it.
FB is about all she can do.
weird to be getting dwts tweets at 630 pm.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
Henry Ward Beeche
Lmfao I love the security guards in this school.
They just made my dayy.
LMAO SO YOU'LL BE LIKE ME THEN
oh yeaahh !!
I can't waiit!!
Its gonna be awesome to know that, I just hope that Chelsie H.
is one of them!
:D
she made this huge poster that says, JoBro Comeback 2k12!
Make Them The 1 Boy Band Again!
I think I'm about to have a break down.
RT Opinion  Twitter  Math Imagery  Talking Point.
How meta...
Well is my favorite topic so happy to have you learn more : I just DM'd you my personal email.
muhfucka come see me before I put my hands on you and slap you silly
What's a good movie to watch?
I know it's too windy when the pond in my subdivision is like a waterpark wave pool.
next tat
: I'd call you a douchebag, but that would imply you could get near a vagina.
The ATX!
Austin is vibing on a whole other level...on a whole other Spectrum!
oh good.
want!
you duh sexy
Brock: my favorite baseball player is Tony Romo and my favorite football plar is Josh Hamilton.
Ringer is back Tonight at 9PM after a crushingly long hiatus!
Right after an All New 90210 at 8PM!
definatly have to say the crowd in Williamsport
Caffeine withdoctorwal?
May cause headaches
Buffalo sweetbreads, grilled ramps, foie gras biscuits....oh man I love Delish dinner w/ 
are you going to sxsw this year?
I love farmhouse modern.
Closing your fist and tricking your dog into thinking there's a treat in there to make them come to you.
guys follow !
She's really nice.
How did I get on a list called Cute Boys?
I'm an owl.
study hard, and play hard!
we got your college life covered
it leaked?
Or are you bluffing?
Lol
I'm not the average girl from ur video n I ain't built like a supermodel...
but I learned to love myself unconditionally bc I am a queen
Its funny how Alex posted something about being in Florida and 43 minutes later Austin posts something
fbobiles Leadership's about people.
Helping them believe in their gifts.
Lifting them up vs.
tearing them down
Stupid BBM is working, but my email is going crazy!
sigh RIM get it together, don't force me to go to the iphone!
RT : pretty sure my is rocket fuel.
Oh honey, I have on my phone.
We can do the reservation on the fly.
you can talk crap all you want about the Yankees they still have a better record than your Halos
Is it wrong of me to feel like I need support in getting through life?
Am I THAT much of a failure because I'm not 100 selfsufficient?
:
Upon hearing DickyV on MikeandMike my 6 year old asked dad why is this guy crying?...he sounds funny.
G'morning Mama Bear!!
:D
you have locking lug nuts that we need a key for?
Did you have the key with you?
Will pass along...
soo tired and have to get up early for work but not sleeping till I win for my girls :
Big REORDER from a school system for the speech therapists.
They love SayNPlay and so do the kids!
Improve articulation the fun way!
WhyYoShoes look like they were white 5 years ago and you bleached em 30 times!
I look forward to meeting too, and to being on Korčula and Pelješac again.
I think that may be my favorite part of Dalmatia.
Nothing like the LonelyIsland before hitting the sheets
yow jus hear chill my cousin
SignsYouLostAFight you limping backing to your car to get your gun.
Oh, I know a lot Kev.
; No, I am glad I could be of help!
How have you been?
JJ Redick's favorite band is Silversun Pickups.
I knew he was my favorite Duke player for a reason.
Do you have the Geek Squad insurance with them?
If you do, it should be super cheap...
I will always pick being ridiculous over being boring.
Red beans and rice didn't miss her
Can't wait for this autographtastic weekend to start.
Waukesha Sportscards today and tomorrow.
On Deck on Sunday.
I think both crowd and sourcing sound bad.
Maybe community enabling?
Up...blessed....thankful....humble...Goodmorningg
The first day of school was a blur.
I got lost everywhere.
Do you know where room 1724 is?
Uh, first floor of Cannon.
Thanks guys.
Spacetime tells matter how to move; matter tells spacetime how to curve.
Moms are special people.
RT : 91 of online U.S.
adults access social media in a typical month  Experian Simmons
Awesome hearing you on the Ross  Burbank Show this morning.
I felt the same way about the Perfect Game against the Mariners.
The team from General Dynamics is here setting up for their Special Hiring Event here at the ClearedJobFair security clearance
your religious values don't support gaymarriage Your religion says one man and a women, and a woman, as many as you'd like!
Don't just tell your mate you love them.
Tell them WHY.
Adding because at the end of I love you creates intimacy.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality.
The last is to say thank you.
In between, the leader is a servant.
Max Depree
do we really want to talk about who ppl support or do we have 2 bring up that little terrorist group filner likes.
Movie time with my gay bestie
The squirrels can ALWAYS find me.
: Hopless romantic.
yup...
Me too.
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Saturday night bitches!
See my previous tweet :
RT If you want to follow you
just delivered some awesome food for our homeless clients!
It's the NBA Finals....
right?
you did, you did!
It's easy to love the lovable its the unlovable we should reach out to
oomf get on twitter just to talk about they relationship, go back to Facebook with that shit
thanks for the shout out!
How is your company coming?
RT : the most adorable twins in the world just left the store.
Still havent figured out the whole Chipotle thing.
Ive never been good w/ assembly lines.
Also feels weird eating food larger than an infant
Jets get Tebow.
Wow!
Hope it works out better than the Favre deal a few years ago.
J E T S!
jets Jets
Well said, oh wise one.
Just hoping I don't get snowed in here.
doctorke Responds To Take Care Album Leak Summary: Rapper doctorke 's forthcoming album Take Care leaked late last night and his
People that don't have a back bone or any sort of opinion, I make their life impossible.
I love lofts :
Bicycle Chains: Avid FR5 Bicycle Brake Lever Set
yo team lost first round they ant no good lmao my team gone make it to round three
Sometimes it lasts in love.
But sometimes it hurts instead.
Papillary Thyroid carcinoma  Hypothyroidiam and Benefits of ...
'All I want for Christmas, is You...' 
fasho!
let me know.
What are you waiting for?
Good girlfriend.
let's hang out.
Anytime Homie!!!
we going on round two over here at the palace Racks On Racks Racks
feels good to be on the winning team
Our athletes at our gym range from 23 double unders to 300 unbroken
anyone have more info?!
: Police Alert Stabbing//0210hours//600 New York Ave, NW//
Is this what you call a family
Come on springbreak2012 hurry up!
haha!
You'll be a pro!
false volleyball
its about to get crazy
Join us tomorrow for the first ever VanityFriday.
Wear your fav organization's TVP swag and remember to support the org.
Tweet us pics!
People are acting like they're getting married.
Its awkward cause what if someone else likes one of them?!
you just make them feel like shit
IT'S FUCKING NICE IN NEW YORK, NY THEFINGWEATHER best site ever.
i fucking swear.
Could watch ESPN Film Room with Dino Gaudio, Tim Welsh, Mark Gottfried and Fran Fraschilla forever.
They breakin down Cats and
Why so smiley?
That would be awesome if they could be handheld size.
thank you!
:
I'd love to see cooking segments where U surprise someone at their home  cook from their supplies!
Adding a personal Twitter account to my networking tool kit...
Good morning!
At times, though rare, when I put out info about my Jesus Is No Joke bookthe words Jesus Freak comes up to imply fanatics and such.
Football weather for the NFL doctorft.
Glad to see ya!
Im unthinkable ;
Glad you enjoyed our set as STP!
I'm bassist.
Check our stuff Oct 7 at the Warehouse on Jefferson!
did that earlier....
please follow me!!!
you are my life, i would be the ground you walk on!!!!
what kind of car?
And all at once it gets hard to take/It gets hard to fake what I wont be
follow us babes;
hit me up if you wanna music video done
im not
Been working every weekend to get money for !
already got tickets, now need money for everything else.
PinkTip When creating a logo make sure you keep it simple, catchy and unique.
your great love your tweets : they make me smile
Oh there you are Peter.
I cannot respond through tears of laughter.
Help and IR webpage together in a tweet, har har har.
2:30AM.
destroying a couple bowls of Reese Puffs and chocolate almond milk.
Laser Cats.
Crying.
you know those blonde hairs?
Sometimes they rule life.
Just do.
Si, no sync B4 phone swap.
Good lesson in Letting Go!
Isn't that the one with Matt Damon?
im only eating 2 donuts...
im on a diet
Working on Saturday morning is so much better when you work with the A team!
Making everyone happy is a hard task, never try it.
I am!
I thought it was code and you were being held against your will!
Nice benefit at the House of Blues for autism last night.
Great music from Sarah M and many others.
Hope they raised some good money...
Sorry to anyone who follows me who isn't also taking part in the qa.
I feel for you.
Stressin like crazy
I could complain lol.
But really no need toI'll email ya ;
doctorse please don't hurt 'em!
you know it.
Bumpin along since 1987.
Quarter of a century of layin down da bump.
Crap, yolene is screwed
BELOW THE BRIM links Reach Out  Read w/ Discover Card.
They later produce Sounds of Love.
Book on CD for childoctorn in NICU...
BAM
do you like watermelon?
Tehehehe.
PLEASE REPLY.;
Been there, done that!
Are we saps or just plain caring?
Maybe it IS hormones!
Still can't believe Stern effed you guys with that basketball reasons veto.
The west is OKCs this yr anyway
I just need that special someone who won't hurt me.
Just realized how much harder I have to work to make it.
Next week it is!
Just got ran into a bunch of cunatruction signs by a semi truck but moys great doctorving prevented us from getting hit
thank you:
because it was an elimination game.
He was down 30 to me.
Doing the same, S2 gets better
thank ya
: Only people who don't know facts cause issues politics101
right back atchya!
Somehow only just remembered that today's the anniversary of what is probably still the greatest and best event in the history of the world.
Needing out of this house before I blow a fuse.
that would be great!
Whats your number lets talk!
yea what kathy said hopefully
The prospect of Milo's 10year extension is giving me an extension.
who is your target and what actions do you want them to take?
Thank god your here!
Exciting things happening in the near future!
Ugh, let me go to England now.
I'm thin, bumping and grinding causes bruising.
It sucks to have so little after having lived through so much.
Quote of the day: The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Scott Hamilton
Leakage of my new album on www.RegimeChangeMusic.com Okai Haiti
Da next pair of Jay's I'm buying are my gf 4's nd my playoffs.
Thanks!
We are blessed!
: Yay!
Congrats to you and your family!
Had a GREAT time at a lastminute cookout!
Now to prepare to enjoy the actual holiday on Monday...by doing much of nothin'.
ah very jealous thanks for the invite though wish we could go!!
ALL mahomies FOLLOW ME!!!: i followback
doctorpped my auto responder today.
If I have something to say it will be me saying it!
Haha!
Chapter 1 in the book of Vincent Renfield: When podcast shittalking comes back to bite you in the ass.
Had some cough syrup to stop from hacking my lungs up and now I feel like I'm doctornk...this is trippy.
One day a chump, the next day a champion.
What a difference a day makes in tournament poker.
Mike Sexton
i'm looking through the wall at all you lmao
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundoctord days of sorrow.
Chinese Proverb
This is the special day you were born, the day our friend  family tooted their horns bday poem by my 10yr old
No one at the library seems to appreciate my sudden case of the giggles.
Thanks, guys.
Appreciate your support.
Hopefully we can get you up here for the next one.
Way to go!
Hope you make a million.
Love when old college teammates stop by to visit!
that shyt Dope bro'
be happy your poppy's in a better place.
I know how you feel buddy, I lost my cousin this morning.
She was too young to go.3
PR AT SM5000 I feel so good.
10k PR baby now I am ready for my 50 mile race next week.
Hey internet, will be coming to the SF Bay Area to do a clinic and show.
Stay tuned for details and get excited!
a guy.
I met him at this camp I went to a few years ago
I'm Bad LL Cool J 'my hat is like a sharks fin'
I'm going to warped tour!!
FUCK YES
Hey tshirt designers!
I want you on my blog!
Send me an email and show me your stuff...
Free speech...but not for thee.
He was like I try to give the motherfucker some milk, it gon jump at me!!
Motherfucker!!!
Don't ever do no thing!
LMFAOOOOOO
As told by the British.
It is the new thing.
Cool I think.
n study hall chillin wit
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!?
11:11 IS MY FAVORITE SONG OF ALL TIME!!
I love laughing so hard till your stomach hurts and you go down to the floor
I left my phone at church...
I can't get it until either this Sunday, or next Wednesday...
I'm so mad.
Ever seen the documentary Food, Inc.??
If not, I highly recommend it!
I Love Food.
Four principles of LOD, 2 It should be http referanceable
I've been dying for it to come out.
dont understand how schools that aren't even downtown are closing for NATO but jones isnt
Eat within 30 mins of waking  every 23 hours it prevents the body from going into starvation mode  storing calories as fat
!
NEW TOXIE!!!I wanna part or some fx work please!!
like always...this isn't starting on time
I feel like I've read many with these themesI'll ponder.
Save some of that for me, I could use it.
And the vodka, too.
TMinus 8 days till I see you!!!!
thank you we had no idea he was coming here!
Moving in to our new town home today!!!
Can I get a HELL YEAH!?
I would make 's saffron olive oil cookies for my nieces!
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it.
Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests.
Epictetus
senior ditch day is all this week for me c: lmao jk
lol my guy
So proud of our Rev Sammy Sam Sam!!!
Love You girl!!!
After my first foray into competitive dodgeball last night, I can safely say I still suck balls at it...pun intended.
Great night with Football game was crazy!
Just a thought..do u really believe what u say u believe or is it what u were trained or taught to believe??
Any topic...
i feel you!
like brail lol for real
got a dozen roses a card and a promise ring!
How was yours?
Its called a bathroom break.
Is that why Nathan missed 70 this year?
probably in like half an hour
Please complete the captainHA.
Losing a fear is a lot like losing a couple inches on the belt lineyou can just breathe a little easier!
DYK?
Zeta Phi Beta Sorority symbol is a white dove ..
Twitter is suggesting I should follow , , and Domino's Pizza.
Two out of three ain't bad...
The conversation me and are having x' 3
the nearly opened starbucks is nearly fabulous.
We were only there for about 15 mins...
CES Convention in Las Vegas is just around the corner book your discounted group rates or individual rooms now www.myvegaspeople.com

Great seeing you at the Foundation's Gala last night.
You looked lovely!
Apple reported Q4 revenue of 46.33B and net professort of 13.06B Reports described the results as obliterating 
Fuck you very much.
Eats beat: Curly39;s Frozen Custard plans tiein to 39;Stooges39; movie
Why lie over the petty shit?
Nothing ..
I have no life.
yep, so use to making everyone around me happy, that I forgot about myself and of course no one thought to remind me lol!
That is good new market support at these levels, in this case bad is good......I don't like short things.....;
Thx for responding..
I realized it may hv been caused by having app open in multiple windows.
I will test again  feedback
because of a bad joke...thats low!!!
I'm surprised at all the books and library literature reviewed in goodoctorads; tested with information literacy search
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear who just booked Criminal Minds!!!
hes not the dog we thought he was
Aw!
You got it back though, right?
Hope you're ok!
My grandma should check me out and take me shopping c:
you honestly don't think the denver bigs ran our bigs tired?....ill respectfully disagree with you
Off to book club to discuss Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day  nosh on Eurothemed potluck lunch!
Special guest:
I'm going to the Hopkins Festival in Newbridge this July and wanted to see if any Jesuits would be there!
Happy Monday, how was your weekend twitter fans???
Tweet us about your weekend...!!!
George Wallace Why does the Air Force need expensive new bombers Have the people weve been bombing over the years been complaining
where is your favorite place to vacation?
he's starting shit!
is such a HOTTIE!!!!
it's called nightfall it was soo good
Maybe it's buzz...
And making the neighborhood feel like they own it...
hell yeah!
WTF Just Now getting off work
Just signed up with Genting, can you get me a bonus code before I make deposit?
busy day.
graduation parties and a former tx tech player opening a new club over in city centre.
will be good to see old friends though.
Now I Can't Tell What's a Better Accessory, My New Watch Or The Chick standing Right Next To Me !
SaySomethin WAS AMAZING .
PURE PERFECTION .
I LOVED IT .
Aren't You Proud ?;
Twitter keeps asking me what's happening?
What exactly am I supposed to say when I've had a bottle of wine and nothing is happening?
First Bil Keane, now this.
Rough week...
Excellent!
I'm glad to be part of your SKC list.
okay I'll just wait like a month to see you.
I got a on two of my finals I've never done that before
Aha thanks
Charge maybe?
Kill me.
Apparently i'm not allowed to watch the same tv shows as other people.
Happy Birthday !
Registration now open for RITBrickCity Homecoming!
Had a great week.
On Wednesday, my Big Band did a VERY successful fundoctoriser for Feeding America at the Wisconsin Club.
oh I know right I've been real busy with this whole show thing.
is researching the bottle bill, only active in 11 states in the US....only 39 more to go..!
I'd like to quit but who'd take the job.
The pay is too low to post on Monster.
I'll leave it up to my nearly 5 y.o.
daughter to test the battery life while using Netflix.
:
Justin bieber didn't get that bitch pregnant, I cock blocked his ass with my security
Gucci Louie Prada!
Lets go heat!!!
Are they mutually exclusive?
:.
Thought you were a hockey fan?
is about to respond to the commentators feedback in Collision Course.
lol so you meh on the whole thing
way to hold on to win, just done let those big leads get away going forward.
Go Pacers.
31 time to close it out at home.
what is your favorite stop on LPGA?
and why?
sorry i dont
it was AhMazing!
thanks girl!
Its starting to kick in.
Whewwwww!
Im not a second option, You either choose me or you lose me
Overslept everyday this week so far.
I did something today I never thought I'd do.
Can't tell you what, but let's just say this: WI Idea is alive and well.
Very alive.Very well
anytime, although I could do w/o the obligatory olive tree spiders :
I've also heard good things about the Sunoco at 1269 Chili, but that's a little farther away.
you're absolutely right.
Thank you, happy new year to you too coach
up on the tables, get out here to Klusoz
Amen.
RT Let's be clearthere is difference btw peaceful May Day eventscowards using them as cover to commit crimes
Seeing The Avengers with David tonight!
I'm so excited.
:
I cant wait to watch American Ninja Warrior!
hey there hows your weekend going?
, what do you do for fun?
hope you return my compliments
Oh and thank you but Ian not as pretty as u are!!
....
how can you pick a favorite scene is what i want to know.
At this morning!
Wait isn't bad and the delicious coffee cake  coffee is out!
Perfect Saturday!
u declined it:Ox
Thank you!
This is very helpful!
hey we lost our connection and cant get back in!
Your loving kindness is better than life  Psalms 63:3 ..
I can not even IMAGINE working on a project for six months but it was so worth it!
thanks Jim!
It was a great group and convo!
Curious to know...
how many of you are real hockey fans?
wow month 5!!
You should go see a doctor  Mine are bigger.
you aint said nothing but a word!!!
Remember, The Noble has it's first official opening tonight at 5pm.
704 s 2nd st in Walker's Point.
Will you be there?
I've already decided not to leave RDIO...
its just so much simpler to use
Let's stop fueling our movement on junk food: Soda, chips, cookies, refined grains.
Winning campaigns requires good health!
wait when was it gone o.O
rolling rock
Families at the Rox C enjoy a meal thanks to musicians and celebs.
And fuck the system.
Altitude 38,000, Speed is at 512 MPH and only 235 miles until we touchdown in the beautiful city by the bay.
If a toxic substance was in front of you, walking away from it would be wise.
Why not treat toxic thoughts and toxic people the same?
Cooling With The Team
Google Talk is free for this whole year!
I don't think you can receive calls but you get free outgoing calls.
haha im going to the kemps family party then im going town if u want to come but i will be going GC :
Yeah just use the code steven when checking out man and you also get 10 off !!!
Its a steal..
My girls are turning into quite the debaters.
They can refute claims and fend off philosophical fallacies.
Logic games, we're working on it!
Im Don Cornelius, and as always in parting, we wish you love, peace and soul!
Don Cornelius
ha just providing moral support brother!
RT : I just want a Philly while I'm here is that too much for a skinny nigga to ask for?
Fuck.
Just caught an episode of Best Ink.
The artist London...
Holy hotness batman!!!
I need to watch this more often.
Good morning, artists  art fans!
I agree Jizem sucked  Tribe gave up far too much in trade for a Fausto like outing.
He was pathetic.
Ugh, haven't had one of those in about 15 years.
Hope you feel better soon.
she's italian
looking forward to the auction on Friday.
Thank you for all of your support for the Miracle League Field of the South Hills!
thanks Josh
Blessing  Happy New Year to all.
Remember our military and public safety personnel in 2012 who demonstrate that COURAGE LEADS!
Those people you see and tell your buddy why's your cousin wearing that outfit?
lmfaoo
Sounds great and important.
Where/how do we learn more?
Awesome thanks!
And because you're a Wolfmother fan
I'll Have Another.
Life motto, Derby winner.
I wanna go to Africa!
Man is born to doctoram, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled.
Managers are too.
Hard work spotlights the character of people:some turn up their sleeves,some turn up their noses, and some dont turn up at all.Sam Ewig
suffice to say i'm just thinking about dumb stuff.
Damnit !
Thanks for the twitter hack  all the preparation H.
Yea I remember.
It was your neighbor right?
Glad you got some of that back.
I'll be watching CList.
terrible news.
May have to get it delivered tonight.
Holy cow the Holiday World  Outdoor Adventure Rafting tickets sold out FAST this morning!
Check bk Mon mornings  9 for a new allotments.
getting artwork ready
: Happy Mothers Day .....Thank you...you are really sweet 
RT : No more library books to a knife fight
nice meeting you as well and thanks for quick link!
not feeling the neighborhood love tonight?
I love Applebee's!
TBH Girls of the world ain't nothin' but trouble...
were you trying to be picked ?
So happy for Phil Humber tonight.
Will never forget that 2003 team, those 10 days in Omaha  Humber's gem to win it all.
And so yea our taxi cab doctorver this morning was Detroit Blue from Pimps Up, Hoes Down..he told us we didn't owe him.
True Detroit Love!
Will do!
The hashtag is c21nonhuman.
See you soon!
6th Annual Robert Burns Supper tickets now on sale.
Early registration starts at 45 for supper, 80 for Dinner and Macallan Whiskey.
Wow!You See This!
2107.86 of what we raised raised for Partners in Health was matched by The Entrepreneurs Foundation HelpHaiti Fund!
so how's that photo pass email doing
ill tweet you..
lol
Your past has you in a chokehold.
You deserve it from what I'm told.
listening party with on the way home!
Roosevelt Dinner is coming up in just 2 wks!
Earlybird ticket deadline is 4/6, so get them asap!
www.sddemocrats.org/dinner
Oh so glad I found my boy .
I miss you so much it's unreal :
consider it done.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
W.
Clement Stone
hey stranger
I really want to see Blue Valentine!
had jury duty today, did not have to report.
Have jurty duty tomorrow...
won't find out until tonight if i have to report.
I weighed in and lost 4.0 lbs.
Best returm ever
If I didn't fail that chemistry quiz, it'll be a miracle.
Good thing I know how to name different acids and bases......
If you sell Boston Deals why not partner with Make it easy for customers to find you.
Email Mike:
Sleeping  puking all day.
Blacked out at the club last night, don't even remember the ride home.
Successful birthdaysmash was successful.
I'm so hungry I'm loopy.
This explains why I just bought coral high waisted shorts.
They can't REALLY look cute on me, right?
guess who's playing in LA next weekend?....
Support third who Support themselves ..
THEBEST is yet to come!!
G.M.N.I.: Ramen noodles then back to mi cama.
Lol, go ahead.
Baby Mayweather, that's what they call me.
Anyone going to the Red River Shootout game on Saturday?
Who will you be pulling for?
U got ur iPhone?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRODIGY!!!!
Love you have a wonderful day 3
Sick of this
at least i executed the snakes out my circle so i dont have to wonder but still always keep both eyes open
That's a while different argument, shit I got over it
I love and so proud of your WIN!
I wonder what my life would be like if I spent as much time meditating on scripture as I do checking my Facebook/Twitter..
Good choice, dear.
You know I love :
So I found an old Macintosh Plus in our basement.
I want it to work.
I'm going to my first game of the season tonight.
Excited for copious amounts of peanuts  beer.
Emphasis on peanuts.
Lack of table manners turns dinner into disaster
haha thanks?
I guess.
Should it be a thanks?
RT : Looking forward to interviewing for the next issue of UT Young Alumni MinUTe.
Be on the look out for it in May!
omg nice!
lol :
good seeing you too.
You were amazing :
Sounds like that was an excellent show.
I love me some Wanda Sykes.
my friend made a weird face today and he reminded me of jim carry from th mask and bruce almighty!!LOL
Officially into my new house and looking forward to getting back down to the excitement happening at Host
Irving, TX the city  state why 183 will be the death of me!!
Seriously need to enforce STRICT rules  testing to get a doctorvers licence.
thanks for the follow!
Missed you guys last week in Chicago, next time for sure!
Love all your music!
:
If I had to do it all over again, I probably would have ditched the powdered wigs.
RT : thankful as always that I turn on comp  instead of 'you've got mail' I see you've got smgirlfriends!
nice to tweet you!
Would be happy to talk w/ you about the ecommerce systems u use for your clients!
yes!!
Love you!!
Let me know how long you will be in town
Guess tonight is Beyonce and Rihanna night!!!
dougies
hah thats awesome man.
Super excited
patent pending!!
Marriage?
Or MarryAged?
Our pleasure.
RT : thanks for spreading the good spa word!
There's no other reason for this delay this morning.
I'm doctorssed and everything.
Loving the commercial during the super bowl!!
nathanjones and maxholloway both on weight for tomorrows event do us proud chaps oussu!
We are getting ready to have the BIGGEST ABA Pro Basketball Season ever in 20112012.
Great things are happening!!!
Stay Tuned For Details!
Notifications Beans
What's with the MonFri on the sign?
Is the transfer only free on weekdays?

Thanks for the note!
indeed does rock, and often!
: Take care and thanks again!
hey guys!
Mention us in tweets!!!
:
Succumbing to
Too bad you're not running again.
We need more lvl headed politicians.
They are really good.
I like flirting with senior citizens because they seem to appreciate my charm
GUE I NEED TO CHECK OUT THAT TWILIGHT HUH?
I lose track; are you a hockey guy?
Cause Kings, baby!
Kings!
Honored to have had my incredible doctorm set professorssor, Danny Gottlieb, come to a show I played in tonight!
I'm happy to say he enjoyed it : 
ur phone boring
Another busy, productive, blessed, lifefull day!!
Going home to my sad puppy soon.
the weather sucks today:
Mariners ....you are effin pesky!
Never give a fuck, Never be disappointed.
Fusion develops metacognitive antihegemonic team solutions?
Das it!
This ninja gon tell me I'm too loud.
Hmph
Yes, I'm listening to Ratatat.
What of it?
Italian football is crazy.
2 red cards and 4 penalties in the last 15 minutes!!
I feel bad for Community  having a terrible leadin like Whitney is NOT GOOD.
Hi!
How is your Wednesday going?
Round here we've been very productive!
:
u reminded me i have flood pants that would prob work since i am short they are almost full lenght pants but can hike em
Happy Hour at Starbucks 
RT If the game is not shown near you tonight, NFL Network is showing it Friday night if you can wait a day11:00 pm est.
: Got your voice warmed up?
Karaoke tonight!
Upstairs.
10PM2AM!
Selfesteem is the immune system of the mind and of the spirit.
Lee Pulos: is a psychologist, entrepreneur and author
Congrats to the for their huge wins tonight.
Congrats to me for having the guts to wear my kneehigh striped Naptown socks.
is workin' on the House Staff at the Blue Man tonight till midnight!
I may need a shot after I'm through.
Chyna Phillips sounds like a karaoke singer: decent compared to most people who sing karaoke, but pretty rough for a professorssional singer.
Give him a break, its sunday and he needs to relax RT oh shit.
rainbow ritardo 18 minutes.
Ugh.
At least it wasn't a slaughter
Just got My beautiful camera!
continuing to work on speakers for industry events in the fall.
Lot's of good events coming up and great WiMAX agenda topics!
Double Agent!
has the latest on the twist in the Al Queda airline bomb plot  LIVE.
Let the hysteria begin  has risen again.
Thanks, Don!
Zack doesn't like the big markets and has a full NT if I remember.
unfortunately it's still going on!
We arent done until mid June!
Stupid quarter system lol!
What are you doing tonight?
In Houston?
Have a doctornk with us
See a movie recently?
Write a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
South Florida has declared a cold weather emergency.
Could dip into the 40's.
Please send space heaters and hot chocolate.
so many things on my mind...!
is it called photo hunt ?!
I wanna download it !!
hey Sarah I think your so amazing but you probably will never notice me but if you do please follow me :
You can't be serious RT : Only in Louisiana ...
Shrimp and Petroleum Festival.
I only regret not having twitter apps on my Blackberry when I do conferences.
Otherwise, it's been a good decision.
white chicks!!
I can't WAIT 2 read ur book.
I  U  have 4 many years; how about a quick HI JANA please 2 ur big Dallas fan, PLEASE?
I don't know what pisses me off more, Kevin Durants free throw shimmy or anything LeBron James does.
At Cafetto working on studio.
But that should really read, Where ever I go, and every moment, I am working on studio..
I did have to use Odor Eaters when I got them back
Last night I was fucccckkkeddddd up
List paint filler hole punch inks and extener light bulbs paper plates plastic forks and knifes
Learnin bout some soul music!
Great stuff!
RT : Please RT This exact message to be entered to win an autographed photo from !
Winner selected Friday!
musicxray.com has some opps and feedback  u pay a little but you can build relationships 
Cause Marketing is a winwin for both companies and nonprofessorts says
Thanks for the RT, hope to see you at the International Sweethearts discussion tomorrow
just had an urge to tell someone to stop shuffling their feet...
I'm trying to!
I need to get a band : r u?
i think i got that one but nothing else :
Rip it off no joking
The paps can get at you all the time, but that was IT when they tried to take away you walking where Jesus did.
IDIOTS!
and it's three different topics!
We are kick ass!
so in a sense the movement is watered down and the achievement is exaggerated to exploit race relations
YOU look amazing!!!!
You've always been simply GORGEOUS but honey that doctorss is STUNNING on you
you too.
Have fun with Cassey
Kobe giving Justin Timberlake some love!!!
Love it
aight then.
get ready for another learning curve.
start assembling tus rolas favoritas
Saturday at Farm Associated come in and try out OG Confidential as the strain of the day!!!
I'm just excited.
Not much goes on in my everyday life.
you are one of my favorite people on Twitter.
And in general.
:
Standing idle.......before the storm
thanks!
Ill check it out
Cant trust anyone anymore.
12 hour fasting Burger King smells delicious Doctor's appointment
Yea if you pay for it !!
Lol RT : unlimited wings right?
Lol
if u would have said okc that would of been ok but since u was talking shit on heat now ur team lebron that's my point
Wow.
I'm speechless on that one.
Dont go broke trying to look rich.!
Hey when are you getting yourself on dancing with the stars?
Thanks for following Fears Agencies wendell fears
Yeah buddy
I wouldn't say utter shit, but it was mostly negative
.
please don't wreck the Hokusai with Jeremy Lin!!!
TAP1D TAP1Year wooaaahh what a great week for you guys : !!
so very proud !
I love you
Tryna create that beat, but can't create a fucking bass!
Gahhh FLStudios Help?
I mean companies outside of ND!
RT : I don't understand it when people send me press releases.
??
It's raining in McKinney TX!!!
First rain doctorps since June 22.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
Erin Go Bragh!!!
you're and your are NOT difficult to figure out!!!
Use YOIR fucking brain because YOU'RE a fucking idiot!
Stay with me in the...
yellow
If I were Jesus, i would have the power of the universe n my fingers, according to gay priests  popes and politicians wanting a free ride
Okay, love words  Have perfected the art of faffing, I am a faffer from way back, love the Brits 4 that verb
me  katrina better go graduation shopping  even though I think I have my doctorss already?
Prolly gonna see what this Paranormal Activity 3 is talking about tonight...I know that shit is gonna be packed.
hell yea lol
i think is SO gorgeous.
i'm so jealous.
:
What are everyone's favorite conference apps for iPad/iPhone?
Recommendations?
wouldn't it be cool if your ipod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it.
Oh you could never be my boyfriend in that jacket!
love dogs myself, thanks for the follow!
That's all about the overhead storage space.
recently launched in SanDiego.
Would u spend the money on this for your pet?
It's cheaper than doggie daycare!
flashback The ladies in my dorm my 1st year at Spelman used to call me by my email name, cheermea, because I was always so cheerful.
Which one is that?
always has good deals if you are looking.
New music for you very soon, STAY POSTED!!!
NWLC11 If we don't daily put our lives in God's hands, soon we don't bear God's fingerprints.
Just paid my phone bill
I like the way this was put: RT Farewell J.D.
Salinger.
We noticed.
Oomf is a clown...
Not talking about
It was great meeting you as well at HACR2012!
RIGHT NOW: NE Marine doctorve closed between 33rd and 122nd for bad accident reported at NE 42nd.
My pussy is wet right now..
Good morning Bookie have a good day.
If no one has told you they love you, I love you bestie.
Authentic communication question  What does your body feel like when you are speaking to someone on the level that works best for them?
Shallow men believe in luck.
Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Ralph Emerson
what is it about cheap greasy chinese food
Tonight's the night!
Have a great time Emma and thanks again for using ShowClix :
She is beautiful.
How old.
Thanks for the RTs and
thanks for the love man.
Means a lot
I think we're on to something!
Grandie Man WOW
gotcha.
I loved playing on allgirls club teams, the support between teams was amazing, especially for the younger girls.
pee in ur face who
Leave alone the voodoo.
Things in DC: in Meridian Hill park, where you can watch yoga, bocci ball, kendo and tightrope walking all at once.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
:
yee it would be friggin awesome if u followed me : !
even doctors need doctors
Hardin, just because you play for Oklahoma doesn't mean you gotta look like a hillbilly.
overunder 200 laps on luigi's this weekend?
ahah yeah i;m pretty bored and trying to find a nother picture..
lol
That's true class.
OppositeDay RT : PA guy announces Noah is a no gocrowd cheers.
take that picture and put your money where your dollars and looks at Jeffrey Dahmer my homie i got you son!!!
that doesnt point to a deity though, if a God created the universe who created God
Agree 100.
Always great to beat The Hen.
Wouldn't your life be terrible if you had sprayon shoes?
in this pic,she's not my gf
yep.
Great album.
Have listened to it about 11 times in last month.
Was about to install some high res images and windows 7 crashes on me.
Now all I see is a black screen :
What other designers have KipsBayFlashback pics to post?
me too!!
w tiffany danilo christian , throw down's and blunts
we shall see my man.
Goona be one hell of a series.
Certainly no love Lost between the two
no.
i need nail polish obviously....
If you don't have anything going on, we have another event tomorrow night at It's Rolling Rock tall boys.
I'm leaving house in my clothes from last night and holding banana..
I look extremely normal
Got a txt suggesting I go green for my Earthday gifts this year.
Good advice.
The packaging on my Earthday presents was getting obscene.
I've got the tickets.
Hit me up so you WONT MISS OUT!
Don't miss great poets, dancers, actors, singers, comedians, and some body paint!
Ultra Petroleum Tops, Rev Lags
Every time I'm at Pike Place I'm looking around w/ awe like it's the 1st time.
So many interesting characters  places.
Don't really follow hockey, but can't believe people's reactions toward Joel Ward's accomplishments.
Idiots does not begin to describe it.
whats up twitter!!!
ThatOnePersonWho is their for u in the good times n the bad time is a true friends
Big ass or big cock?
Ok so I need a doctorss 4 the wedding, an outfit 4 Thursday  Friday, and 2 birthday's fits.....Guess I'll start looking 
come to my locker
Thanks to the IRHC Officers for the beautiful flowers delivered to our Call Center!!
Your recognition is greatly appreciated!
You give doctor Seuss a run for his money!
Do you know if Apple has released anything about the iPhone 5?
I know you can start preordering on September 30th, but thats all..
I would love to go overseas or to south America and run a camp for kids or get to coach at one.
That would be fun.
Pizza and happiness
you guys are killing me :
Can't wait for Ty to take me to taco bell!
that seems highly unlikely.
RT : Thx!
but I sounded like a wet blanket on a warm muggy day.
Here's more insight AND A CHART!...
ahh you see the rags got wolski?
I can feel myself losing it, going on 3 days without solid sleep.
Thanks dude!!!
In hiding.
Well, now that I have no means of going out with the rest of you animals there's really nowhere for me to be?
Alleyway TO Broadway .2MoneyNevaSleepz prod.
By COMIN SOON!!!!
I rebuke you..
lol
Always Sunny in Philidelphia marathon on project free tv...
S/O to !
I see u fam!!!
Hahaha that's funny.
Is he still dating that chick?
Ikr I'm just that cool.
I'm a cool cat.
For what is the best choice, for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.
Aristotle
how bout them Royals!
Any community managers out there using Assistly?
Thoughts?
Some Oregonians tweeting from
Freddie Gibbs is an every day music choice.
Falling in love is like jumping off a building.
Your mind says dont do it you will DIE but your heart says Just do it, I can FLY.
my professorle picture will not be tyler i promise.
I can't wait : its going to be a blast!
I'm super excited.
It's a trAdition I get to party with you at dave!
: J.Alexanders don't take foodstamps lol haha well u can't take me nowhere then

I have a question for your airport nerdery: Why do Canadian airport codes start with Y?
Thought I knew but can't confirm.
Yeah pretty much.
I didn't cook it.
But it was ground.
It seemed kind of like ground turkey.
I did eat it smoked/not good.
Dude, I will get one with you.
Danny would too.
idk buh i wnt it to be soon !
txt me i got a new number imma dm u it.
Austin whts ur favorite type of candy???
theres nothing to hate.
Somebody stole 7blueskies.com!!
Who would want that?!?!
If it ain't broke, somebody kept it from breaking.
Give that person a raise.
Yes!
I'm going to email you to set up a date.
I have many more questions.
So great to hear your some of your strategies
what's Uppers Mayne, morning back At you.
them designs and shirts done ?
Gotta show we could wear em to next Sunday
The way this tournament has went this year.
Why do I even pick
I'm about to watch that show
Here here!
Good bye Seattle snow and hello Vegas!
I confess I took a bunch of stalker pics of Sebi last year at a game.
I'm 16!
Geno can't touch me!!
:p
I feel ya!
I checked out of this week on monday
The momentum in El Paso has been AWESOME  let's keep it going by VOTING to Bring the Social Media Tourism Symposium to El Paso!
If she's looking me up and down with side eyes.
You think that she wants me.
GOOD MORNING.
Going to see No Kind Of Rider at Mississippi Studios tonight.
So heat lost so Wat if the Celtics did yesterday ha ha
while its not Toys r Us catalogs...Ethan has been a circling fiend!
the word scrapple just makes us hungry...
Today I tested for 6 hours...
I'm actually feeling a little numb.
I won't technically graduate until August, but I'm done.
I might also be in shock.
He doesn't need your validation  Broncos fans remember that you haven't supported him all year.
yeah, fb exploits that info for sure.
And I fully expect Google to exploit my searches and my email
Had Liz Worthey  David Dimmock from Wisconsin Childoctorn Hospital talk at Mt Sinai Hospt.
today.
Interesting discussion about clinical WGS.
my daughter and I have a weird al mind meld.
White and Nerdythe best !!!
Hugh Grant is 51!?!?!
When did that happen??
NOW I feel old...
Day 1: I lost the 60day challenge
If I Told Everyone What Was On my Mind All The Time They Would Probably Hate Me After 30 Seconds
what's twitter jail???
I here everyone talking about that
mdayton will addoctorss the media in the reception room 15 minutes after the mnleg vote on the vikings bill.
Lol no!
You get to see them in person :
moving a tub down the street  my back  resting.
NASHVILLE, TN TONIGHT at the Muse!
If your in the area, get to the Muse!
Love the windshield on the NBAMVP that dude is incredible!
Was definitely a dodge to the 1 button, overall honestly kind of glad G hasn't been a focal point.
Pretty damn good!
Thx my man RT : loved the book coach.
Looking forward to your next one!

thanks for following !
we care about
In recent news, Depauw U is turning 175 years old...well Guantanamo's prison is turning 10 and no one cares about that either
Jamaal Charles at 10?
that's insane!
He is easily Top 5.
The shaytards house number was in a video and somehow people found their addoctorss Wow?
SOMEONE CUT MY HAIR ITS TOO LONG AND TOO MUCH
But there's still Something missing.
YES.
SO TRUE.
RT Education needs to stop always being the laggard and step up in using technology
Thank you Lord for the rain, we needed it!
happyPiDay, everybody!
Just saw it on Thursday.
You will love it!
What pictures?
Briefly speculated that bobs might be Canadian for boobs.
Boy: Hey babe I miss you.
Girl: Your Xbox broke didn't it.
Boy: Yep....
why would I be?
he seems very 2 dimensional .
.
.
.
RT Aries love making is like nothing else.
You will remember how amazing it was for life.And there you have it!
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Talking Big, but Acting Little.
Re Suspiria: Caitlin Horsmon, professorssor of film at UMKC, we introduce the film Sept.
19.
Light refreshments will be served.
20 u6 unemployment, economy on the brink, washington is bought, and this is the best criticism you've got?
Of course I am!
Nov.
11 at in NYC: and in conversation about higher ed.
Event will be free and open to all.
Stay tuned.
For 1.50, you can take a shower here in Cypress.
You can't celebrate all smelly.
: 3
apparently harry confirmed that he has been texting tswift.
We met in America, and she is very nice according to my last RT.
I'm going to start randomly giving you pennies now
awww kailey we miss u we need u here!!
:
How many people want to trade Bynum.....
AGAIN???
Explain Bynum to me Fox
ChaChi I love your dancing And I'm amazed at how old you are I thought you were like 18 XD All I'm saying is I LOVE YOU3!!!
Inspired you'll make it from Oz, girl!
In gratitude to you all for musePhD.
MW2012 is spring term break here...m
to precious.
Who says rondo can't shoot?!
I hate liars.
I hate fakes.
People who say what they don't mean.
Most of all, i, hate, YOU.
WHATAFEELING when your bestfriend talks about the last guy she kissed, and you realize you're forever alone
That is doctoradful.
Long before caller ID I could tell if the person new me by ow my name was pronounced.
Some people need a doctorss code.
Why does this class sound so exhausting and expensive?
No deepv but if you get a little Hulk Hogan on it you can reshape that neck to any shape you desire!
I say for president...at least he doctornks from red solo cups....that could save tons of money at a whitehouse party...lol
We'll be back Tuesday with more updates, and some big news about our future growth!
Enjoy your holiday weekend everyone...
RT : If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Maya Angelou
:O really?
xD lmao!
wtf so weird!
and i got heechul for that one and who i was gonna marry for the first one ;;
Thanks Bobby!
Osteoarthritis Treatment method: Ways to Treat Psoriatic Arthritis ...
Powdered Coffee Mate should be outlawed.
follow me so I can DM you my email.
you can always unfollow me later :
when did you come to the twitter world?
I'm impressed!
Real love is when you look into someone's eyes and see everything that you need.
You get three to try, completely free, so you can see the process.
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
Safety means nothing to people picking up their kids from school.
fucking love whiskey.
CC faculty happy hour at Shiloh.
Loved the blog post!
We're meant to be :: plus you pretty much have thee best name ever ma'am ;o K A T i E baybee!!!!
Just wasted 2 hours watching RAW from last week, and no HEEL.
total waste.
Hope the Show Off gets quality air time tonight.
Hello Princess..
:
RT : Thanks for coming by today  buying a cleanse!
why would he be positive right now??
are you watching this team??
no need to sugar coat it, they suck
RT : EXACTLY.
Or for other values of published than in journals.
msrworkshop WE AGREE COMPLETELY
and I were talking about a theoretical situation that hopefully happens, but who would go on a road trip to see Tool with us?
Is that playing Kim Jong Un on 30Rock?
That's freakin' awesome.
Exciting day.
:
RT mycrazyobsession Music : I don't know what I would do without that.
Story of my life!
:
Livin the good life...
with the wife!
reisling?
When did you get so classy??
PRIDE wins battles; HUMILITY wins wars.
I love my husband, but maybe you can write for men: How you unwittingly make your wife feel guilty for being successful
oh someone just told me was national weed day.
Rain cleanses the soul!
Same broadcasting crew as last week...
Gross.
can you RT my site www.10thirty10.com sales of the stickers go to Restore Truthiness.
Honest, I'm a stand up guy!
Tht moment when your sitting in the movies getting ready to watch an awesome film when all of a sudden a human giraffe sits in front of you.
2 medium one topping pizzas just 5 each!
Order through
The crew hittin the lab like Pujols
Give your VAlentine SAVVY ELEGANCE!
2 pounds of our buttery toffee, paired with a stunning wooden box and a delicate fuschia satin ribbon.
Next up, Orange Empire Railway Museum.
Pics  sound as I ride restored streetcars for a story on LA's Pacific Electric line aka red cars
Instant oatmeal is a semi tasty way of saying things aint going my way financially
I hope Lorenitis goes.
He's a douchebag.
Now ur just somebody that I used to know
I just wanted to say Hi and that U r such an inspiration to me and many others.
Ur truely amazing!
:'''D
they always think we have food when we walk by them.
u know...
they hiss to beg?
idk girl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol
I hadn't even seen the site, but at that reaction, I had to look.
Yep.
Orange.
And very Will Ferrell as James Lipton expression
that's all that matters lol
I love hiking on days like this.
My 1000th tweet goes out to all my boys
We're getting these insane commercials now in NYC, and I've never even seen this restaurant.
Now, for sure I never will..
Back of neck?...Interesting...But hey...Lucky for you you have long hair!
Gearing up for the party tonight !
Hmu for guest list ladies!
I know I'm super late, but Happy BDay sir.
I hope you had a great day.
Luv ya.
Where did these effin sunglasses come from smh..we don't have a HM in the ville
Missed a couple spots with sunscreen, lower legs and top of feet.
I now am THAT girl with the funny burn.
Horrible customer service from Kile Signs today!!!
had so much fun yesterday you looked beautiful !
Send me pics a.s.a.p
We have our Spring 2012 Call Out Meeting tonight...who's coming?
:
we see!!
Like somebody who took they first music course gonna try teach theory classes...lmao!!!!
Sorry to upset you but that's no who I am.
The Next 12 year old That tries To hit on me is gonna get his ass handed to him by me.
haha I will I will
Barkley: 'The last three dunks were fabbalous'
Supports Free Range Metadata!
As long as my wife gets everything her way,on her terms ,you'll never find a happier or more contented person.
Why is this?
unravel,yah
hey thanks for the invite
your work tweets always make me curious about what you do.
I feel really sad right now :
We need to use them LOL Iginla is my favorite NHL player but I hope he gets traded to a Stanley Cup team so he can win!
:
haha I'm doing sum like dat but I'm jus messin wit u
omg dude she's mexican too!
I think Jimmy has a thing for Mexicans!
awesome, ill be in the diamond club, you and some of the guys going to be floating around the K?
That is also true!
Did I say they were REQUIRED, Gjdoffree?
Yeah if they only played the games on paper!!
Playing a show at vzd's tonight!!!!
Come party with us!!!
no video cameras, professorssional cameras/ones with a detachable lens.
Thanks so much, Zerah.
A great and timely blogpost.
Good Morning, the start of a great week!
good morning!
Great on leg days!
Loved that when we went to a gymnow we train in our basement  I work out to the news.
Times have changed!
No.
haircut 
Yeah, I know, but it was weird for them to pull Cam out of the shadows for movie time with Matt!
love that you know enough to miss the backchannel, once you've participated at a conference you look forward to the connections
You're just an asshole in general.
transform ya, walk it out, devastating stereo, et, much more!
I see you.
1 0 for lead generating content!
;
Planning an exciting new concert season.
This is the best part of the job!
Should have went to SA last night I should have asked my mom and the people I was with
how about ins 4 freelancers outside NY!!
No one is safe in the NFL.
You think you're set then BOOM they found your replacement.
It's tough but its necessary.
Weds  UP for air and time to breathe and get caught up on paperwork.
The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services is a division of the DHS, which has taken over several duties
Amazing how little ppl pay attention.
listening to a grp of elderly saying sandoctorfluke testimony was that the govt shd pay for condoms.
smh
It's the opposite here.
Bloody freezing!
My goto breakfast for today  cheetos
4 day weekend
Well aam2012 begins with a chance meeting in the hallways of the airport.
Make the Commitment to Change and It will last a Life Time!
Is there a certain time each day or a certain task that sucks the life out of you?
Why do you think this is happening?
tht was bad.
Gotta get one but the suck at free throws
Nats, I can't keep putting effort into staying awake to watch this game if you can't put effort into your defense.
and a doctoramy Sherlock Holmes...
Done with that I'm just playing shit this ain't a game hoe and you wasn't Just Saying shit..
Who fuck asked you?
It is a great problem to have.
:
Your event signup email says Enter your default confirmation email message here
Reward yourself with a night outthen let iDine do the same with AMEX Reward Cards
At the campaign office making phone calls on behalf of Tons of volunteers here!
Looking forward to the rally later.
think I still have time to ask Santa for one?
Talk about best toy ever!
Oh the possibilities!
cc:
I love how predictable people can be.
how ignorant thinking only guys like hockey!
I wanna hear the people that has something to say about not honoring black history 365 quote 100 facts...
every time I step out side planes start flying low for some reason
please follow she is you biggest fan!81
circuit diagrams don't make very nice paragraphs
Building a team of designers for a new client's marketing campaign!
Need graphicdesigners and webdesigners like yesterday!!
How come the walkers don't start to decay quicker?
I mean after awhile you think they would just fall apart.
he didn't did he????
Piers looks a wreck...someone should send him home with a bottle of wine....this ain't a tsunami
After an epic night of cab rides and doctornks at the gate I'm glad to have all my credit cards...
he actually doesn't know it's a
Shakespeare in the Park was brilliant.
Now, to finish last minute preparations and to set my alarm for a 4:30 am wakeup.
Ohio, here I come!
Tonight was kraaazy
Some of my favorite onesided conversation eavesdoctorpping happens on the bus.
what did you have?
I was mostly messing with you guys, Crabtree seems to wield a ton of twitter power, he's like captainin
I love when off days are super productive.
Hello to all clean laundoctor and lots of catching up on some of my clients to do lists :
awww..Thanks!
: I take that as a compliment Brent.
Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward; they may be beaten, but they may start a winning game..
At studio layin down doctorm tracks
If you come to Fibber tonight at want a 5 ticket, give the box office this password: Not Cyber Monday
I love this guy, his name is Peyton.
And I love him.
21
I wish they'd made Channing Tatum's character enlist in a nudist army platoon
Last chance of being in my fan video for is tonight!
Bases loaded, nobody out!
Dude bruh, Phoenix, you are the doucheEist/buffist town i've ever experienced.
feeling really inspired after hanging out with today
It's gonna be hard but I can do it

awesome!
joining Cut for a Cure RT : Rays Longoria  Price joining headshaving
well im a paranormal investigator and i have felt things and had strange feelings before when no one else has!
am i sensitive?
Gone to a class all day.
Can't believe the wife had to order pizza to feed the kids.
RT Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
good : prolly more her then me but that's okay lol, what u dm her bout?
don't think about all those things you feel...just be glad to be here...
FC Kahuna
I'm ready to go green, where do I get a wireless solar powered laptop?
hell yeah !
: I can't effing wait !
Wish I could meet Ellen and wish she could help me.
:
And if you haven't seen it already, highly recommend Jalen Rose on Bill Simmons' podcast.
KG for MVP!!
Laundoctor day for me!
Not a fan of doing laundoctor.
But I am a Fan of clean Clothes!
Lol
The whole path to success is behaving as if everything we do matters.
Gloria Steinem
Just checked and my Klout score is tied with a twitter spam bot that I influence.
WTF!
Oh gosh, literally just danced around to Informer by Snow...
That's right.
Scholars work everywhere  it's not a job so much as a lifestyle.
RT : I appreciate the President's visit to Master Lock as it highlights our 1 industry in WI: manufacturing.
And some brownies
just took a water taxi from the Delhi airport..
and by water taxi i mean a taxi with water in it
hey bottom of the ninth.
We got this.
Back in Boston.
Stopped off at Saus for pommes frites and waffle therapy.
Life is looking up.
make it so I'm not bored
Calling the 'Help Desk' was the 1st thing I did this AM at work.
This can't bode well for the rest of the day..
Wow.
Adam Lambert has an incredible voice.
Listening to his new CD  Trespassing.

On my way to Mississippi  .
Thanks for the feedback!
ordering was the only way to make him arrive.
You did the right thing.
I 2nd that!
RT : Dear Mother Nature: Please stop the rain in the west and bring us some sun for crying out loud!
depends on the setting...
The new With Life In Mind song is fucking awesome.
Once I finish recording my new CD I'll get nice prints and sell 'em.
Really appreciate you two coming out tho.
Good times!
Get ready to bid on unique experiences from for the Super Silent Auction!
You're going to want to watch KPDX at 8pm for ORElection results...
our FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts is going to call it first.
Ruining the only Cult song I like.
Arrived in Sydney to speak at the complete leader conference tomorrow.
Just seen a lady get arrested off my plane on landing.
go Jetstar.
can't stop listening to 11:11 the best song ever!
if you have to make rules for twitter, the technology has become an apparatus
While I don't recommend this form of media, but if you're ticked by stupid, annoying voices, listen to people in reality shows.
So the guy on Spotify just said that RHCP is one of the most influential bands of all time.
Are they, though?
Maybe showmanship, not music
you know it!
Congrats on first win!!
Thanks for checking out our website!
This spring has been an intellectual/emotional whiplash with the WarOnWomen  we only have the right to our bodies as much as money can buy
scores 17 straight for the great comeback and ESPN buries the story.
If he misses in clutch tho it leads sportscenter.
Wow, my friends are bitches :
Ryan Lavarnway has been sent to Pawtucket.
Whispers that closer Andoctorw Bailey may begin the season on the DL.
I've seen 3 people today whose eyelids look like foreskin.
Hey Kyle Stanley, How about giving the Golf Washington App your blessing.
Coach Duttry is the one who made it.
Alright Jack White time to settle in for a first listen and finally hear what this solo album is all about
I love locationspecific tweets.
Once, someone tweeted about a chicken egg under the 101 ramp at Argyle.
Awesome segment on CNN for Moto today!
OMG, go away you creeper.
Crowdsourced unmoderated usability next on the happening now!
Fresh brewed coffee smells SO good!!
Gasol just padded his stat line by what, 4 or 5 rebounds?
lol
Got my vans on and my feet got blisters might have to switch reeboks
Milwaukee WTMJ WISN Fox 6 CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of Chester Bande
Trust us.
You wouldn't have made it through the opening credits with without screaming!
Why does Maddiy have to be the cutest thing in existence right now
These new cancer themed spam twitter accounts are especially depressing.
But I vowed never to watch that garbage again...
Then again, that garbage will be on the great Tonight Show which is great.
I'm at CNN grill now, you?
I'm always moving.
I got your message yesterday tho!
Let's meet up!
:
Who all is dining at Haffner for their bmcvisit today?
I want to see what's on the menu/your plate!
Today is National Record Store Day.
Pick up a copy of and support a great cause!
what she said!!
Happy birthday !
RT : Hey , they say it's your birthday...
Happy Birthday!
Celebrate well!
I sent you a family request, except it?
lol its all over my dashboards haha, its a holiday ya know
im coming to your birthday party :
are the baseball guys home yet?
cause nobody can get a hold of him..
It is amazing what he can do around the rim with a head of steam, wow Blake
Sorry about the mixup on the gloverlover prize.
An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD is heading your way!
Howard greed is good was not supposed to be the takeaway from Wall Street
are you ever going to visit Jacksonville Florida?!?!
I live in Middleburg and I REALLY wanna meet you, so come to north FL!
:
Idol is nuts good this year...
Just sayin!
No one is quitting.
Get back to work!
Last Sat.
in the Ballroom Hamiltion Heights Prom, a good time had by all!
In theTheatre ASO toe tapping to latin rythmns Mombo Kings!
Everyone should go get new album under fire!!!
It's so good!!
FunFactAboutMe My Birthday is Christmas Eve :
But in my doctorams I'm waking up to roses, champagne, kisses and I know it's always, always gonna be, gonna be this way.
TCM is my pacifier....
We have to do something between ComposerChats!
Hangin' with my buddy all morning long on the !
Good Monday morning!
lol, hell yeah!!
just got my copies of the starter and the all pro...sexy cant even begin to describe them.
maybe Somalia midori sexy is better
RT : Hard to believe the Lakers would go out in such a classless, bush league way...
Everything is getting more expensive.
Except for people, they are getting cheaper.
Thank You to everyone who came out to ISS Long Beach!
We will be in Dallas for ASI February 23 Booth
Loving these inspirational quotes this week...keeping me going!
Lots of love!!!
I need to go doctorin my ballz.
that girl got a big ole red mark on her arm..she lucky i slapped instead of punched though.
it's terrible i know
Curious about China?
Metuchen NJ FOL is hosting Philip Messina on Fri Oct 28th at 2P for a program China, the Inscrutable 480 Middlesex
Super 8 is a really good movie.
it's now 12:25am and i am debating if i should watch the notebook
IM DEAD ASS YO TACO BELL MEAT IS CAT AND DOG MEAT BEING SENT FROM CHINA THE TESTED IT
Slow public WiFi stresses me out.
I try to be reasonable about amazing magictechnology, but Google Docs gotta load now.
The future is now?
LOL yeah he is the Villain but Lebron doesn't want to be a Villain
10mph on the hwy.....note to self.....take train to wisconsin
Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.
Leon Trotsky
Cruel and ironic isn't it?
lol.
I feel your pain ;
Great choice!
They made it to the final four when I was there but now hoping for all the way
Our pleasure!
It's a great group  including several people not on Twitter.
We're all truly excited!
1,000,000 reads!
Thanks to all of you, Dear Friends!
Been procrastinating but them socks  new crew some heat.
Gotta get me some illcouture...
UK with 102 wins the last 3 seasons, tied for the 2nd most in a 3 season span in school history.
RT : EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's sneaky,faulty,and just not trustworthy notcoo I know a lot of niggas like that smh
Stand in wonder of the marvelous synchronicity of the Universe.
Seriously questioning how the Badgers lost to TCU in the Rose Bowl after watching both teams play this season

stacks under the main reading room would be moved into storage in New Jersey.
Off to Manhattan shortly.
When Game 7 calls, you accept the charges.
I know how much you enjoy a celebrity RT, so I wanted you to know Ed Begley, Jr RT'd my tweet re blog post on environmental chgs
Wish you lived closer, Frank!
3 more days and I leave this cold snowy place for the weekend.
Nashville you better not have a cold front moving in.
Broken hearts and shattered doctorams.
doctorwing distinction between skills needed to create DH projects and skills needed to sustain them.
Wishing the best to our friends at as they prep for their Buffalo150Gala this evening!
Happy 150th anniversary!!
true!
When I finished my PhD and moved to Boston to be faculty, one of my aunts asked, oh r u gonna practice up there?
Thanks for the support brother.
fun time presenting on ebooks for lib2011 this am!
thanks to those who attended...
esp all those from England!
The school district needs to learn that most of us live on gravel roads, which get bad with snow.
Call off school.
hey girlfraaann!
Follow back :
Follow her because I told you to.
Sleep is about to get destroyed on tonight..
Just cut open a chicken heart..
SHAKE WEIGHT!
SLAP CHOP!
BILLY MAYS!!
Sorry for party rocking.
follow me so I can follow you.
Thx
Did your grandma ever make you tuna?
Today?
Ever?
I hate it when it's this dead at work this late t night I get super bored and start to get sleepy
I am in love with the Oakhurst community garden.
In an ideal world, the vacant lot behind my house would be similar.
Smile that smile
Right cause ion get oneRT : If I take time out of my morning to text you Goodmorning you obviously are cared about.!
:
Hey dude how goes it
haha there better be!!
Haha...
May the force be with you!
RT : I'm getting on the next plane to Australia!
Absolutely, how many Japanese writers were there though?
I still can't believe they follow him.
:
I just have to believe nd keep the
In 20mins!
RT : Join s4pm tonight hosted by Health Activist Topic: Doctor/Patient relationships!
Try using the OMNIMEETING wifi.
Happy Passover and GoodFriday to all of you.
Enjoy this holiday weekend, enjoy the families, the company.
Have a great day to all.
The is here to participate fully.
Burt Kummerow
congratulations!!
Looks like it was a nice little setup there
PLEASE tell us this doesn't mean goodbye.
I know you want to play  I PRAY the Packers will keep you at least 1 more year!
Love what you're doing!
it's not.
Literary clubs/salons were quite popular at one point.
Charging admission to them though is pretentious..
capitalism stole my virginity
JALEN!!!!
Been tryin to catch up with you!!!!
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Kobe  FINISHER
Yay!
That's tonight!!
RT Our first rough cut for is due this Tuesday!!
I'm number one material and u soggy like cereal ha ha u a fool for that!!
Barbara says you must research the whole family, all collateral relationships if looking at chancery records.
: Thanks for the mention.
Have you ever tried that sub with green chile?
It's delicious!
not yet but I will soon!
Wow I loved the halftime show!!!:D
Woo.
Go Reds
Ace of Spades from HUB in Portland is an incredible Double IPA.
9.2 ABV with 100 IBU and is smooth.
The Miami Heat are Trailin the Indy Pacers right now!
Like to thanks all my followers I will try my best to help you as possible
yum!
what kind?
Okay, mailbox crisis averted.
New desk and TV stand assembled.
More packing and moving on calendar for tomorrow.
Marvelous books to put under the Christmas tree!
www.facebook.com/bookguilddc
Hope youre munching on a bar right now!
: RT: These Sunbelt granola bars tho 
Time To Get Up my ass.
I'm going back to sleep!
I hate school!
THX BABE!x: Nicki Minaj  Right by my side
so what lil big head
list me follow me the re tweet this yeah
Which woman predated Rosa Parks' refusal to get up 150 years prior?
americanlegacymag.com will reveal the answer later today!
nope u wouldn't go to Stl with me :
Thank you haha that video was the first one i did check out the other ones they have gotten much much better lol :
It's about to go down  Souplantaion!!!
Did the bus boy really just elbow me in the back of the head!
YOU WANNA GO NITE NITE????
Congratulations to Hakim Bellamy, Albuquerque's first Poet Laureate!
Congratulations to Burque!
Look at that score, Jayanti!
10 million.
Would have kept going but a power killed me.
Now I'm getting msgs from asking me to confirm I know someone.
Without option to say no.
Doesn't display in Inbox.
Insight like this is why I follow you, Maggie.
2 Broke Girls
Ill dm you than:
www.3apparel.com NEW DESIGNS!
May I suggest using in season peaches in place of apples for Warm Apple Apricot Cake recipe.
Major crowd pleaser!
Enjoy!
Holiday Calendar orders are coming.Global Elements can create a Family Calender w/ a custom design and prints for only 250.00 7205426105
Damn Dallas don't forget to call the nursing home when OKC is done with the Mavs.
Okay!
No biggie, let us know!
:
What's not to love?!??
2 Mimosas are easier to get addicted to than heroin wrapped in crystalmeth.
And shaky.
Sorry honey bunch!
I was pissed at the time!
it is divine!
fail whale makes me nervous to ask how today went...
if u don't mind used try Craigslist.
Good bikes cheaper there.
Today Ice Palace was fun!!!!
ate churros had hot coco and cheese pizza and skating was fun too i never fall but alot of my friends did lolz
responds: obviously making challah in a bread machine is like selling your chametz to a robot, so it's ok?
Def something to try!
There's usually deals for 1st time students who want to test it!
hah of course, we can talk at lunch tomorrow
Bachelor sucks
Some of the best and brightest teams gathered at to solve childobesity in America.
Lazy twitter: What's that internet forum quote that's something like what ever did have a thing so even as to happen?
Random So to shes amazing in every way I love her so much like no lie glad to have such An amazing friend in my life
let it fly..
Believe me..
You can offend me any more than I have been in the past 17 hours...
PickUpLine: Something tells me you're sweet.
Can I have a sample?
Good point.
Also sad how everyone seems to have forgotten how bad the spill was.
Hello again.
David Bell, Houston, Training  Development, increasing my vocabulary with new acronyms
I LOVE U
Getting ready for our big grand opening in Rosedale in the amazing community of Azusa!
See you Sat.
June 4th at 9:30 am!
Put out fires all morning, impromptu production meeting for SciFi flick this afternoon.
Welcome to my life.
Would love to be there for the grand opening.
It will be wonderful to have a bookstore in Katonah again!
Don't settle with the person you can stand.
Get together with your enemy and make things interesting;D
Girls!
If you post pictures of yourself without a shirt on, creepy guys are probably saving them somewhere, and you're dumb for posting 3
Do you have your Mega Millions tickets?
You could buy as many Mercedes as you want with 600 Million!
wake up please :
Delaware kills the penalty.
3:20 left in the first
that Budweiser!
Lol lets go out tonight bro like old times
RT : Ima give yall a little advance notice...
killed this verse...tune in to 98.5 the beat now!
RT This!
Dont have time for regrets
nobody followed me :
Congratulations Kim.
Enjoy this Championship.
Cuz many are fake RT : All these pretty ass girls that look good ain't always a good look...
Will keep a look out for disc brakes on a bike.
Where did it disappear from?
Derrick Rose is overrated.
5th to watch the video...
I feel proud
ooh new project for myself when I get back home, make some rainbow cut off shorts
I am with u
I used to beg my mom to buy me some tadpoles to play with in the pond section of Corso's Flower and Garden Center.
They amazed me.
Shit just got real on TheSecretCircle there has to be a season 2 to me it's the best show on TV so come on and help SaveTheCircle!!!
:
GIGO  Garbage In Garbage Out.
On the mic, if you spit fire you get fire.
Otherwise...
what do the seattle seahawks do at 12???
trade down 4 extra picks.
bet the rent money on it.
Thanks so much for having me on to talk about redefinepowe.
Speak again v.soon!
I'm tired goodnighttwitter :
FYI: Add a FREE shot of espresso to any doctornk, through Sunday!
And get some iced coffee, that stuff's amazing...
Never take sides in conflicts you know nothing about.
did vocal scratch tracks at jeff's for 10 hrs yesterday
Restore or not restore?
That is the question...
watching nationwide qualifying
There is a sketch of ChristianBale grinning sweetly as part of the 2011 High School Art Exhibition in the Cannon tunnel.
WHAT
haha...too early in the morning for a fist fight?
Has your patio been bombed by birds?
Time to power wash your patio back to post war conditions?
vegaspressurewashing.com
what is hall of fame worthy these days explain.
There are guys who should be in there but are not.
Chugiak HS office worker Brenda Burge accused of stealing 75K from students and school
that's not til December 2012.
As if it matters.
let's be honest the shit was gonna be wack and fixed anyway Dudes a joke I know I'm not paying to watch that shit I'm freeloading
If reggae is in your blood RT
I'm so late but thank you stace for all of your encouragement.
Keep up the great work.
I see you!!
We have some new color Samoas in for the kids and Jordans for the men!!!!!!!
come grab a pair or two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Definitely true, but Losing My Edge was his breakthrough.
It's a great takedown of a certain kind of longtime scene snob.
RT :Thanks Wellesley!
But yes I'm still a smart guy, don't worry!
; WHEW!
Good thing, Uncle Luke!
Hope you are feeling AOK!
didn't think I would make it
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see whole staircase, just take the first step.
doctor Martin Luther King
I b smashin threw dese back streets,
He's Black???
Had a great couple of days tracking doctordg for their upcoming album.
request for skip line list tonight at sxsw.
RT : Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts.
So study hard and be evil.
/ come to the darkside, we have books
lol!
With your I'm dainty leg up?
Stop it!
He's not even checking for you, boo!
Yes, my wife packs several days in advance for an overnight trip!
Thanks for the FF love!
Thanks Holly!
Heat fans excited about derrick rose's injury prove they are terrible fans
Thank you sir!
I agree :
One more.
Atlanta educated costume designer Janie Bryant collabs with Banana Republic on Mad Men collection for men and women.
In stores August 11.
Waiting, with much anticipation, for new Sophie2.0 release...supposed to happen sometime today.
Science journalists may not find press releases very useful.
But they should definitely read the f'ing paper.
thanks!
Just booked hotel / plane today.
Pretty excited!
How many trouveres can you name?
Can you quote a line of their work?
.This is our Entrepreneur hour, our InnovateMaryland hour, our InvestMaryland hour indeed startups make MD great
Thanks for a wonderful week!
Stay tuned for information about our podcasts, and news about fundoctorisers this year!
Karaoke at Sardo's tonight!
Who's in?!
hllc2010 great conference
Finishing packing for Salt Lake for the weekend...
Composers, librettists, red bull OH MY!
Everyone is hard at work here, loading up on caffeine to make it through the night...videos to come!
Do you like our Halloween decorations?
The hand petting boo kitty is a patron favorite!
umm...I'll see if can go
Have a good night bruh!
Following us on twitter, be sure to like us on
Down to my last harvest ale.
:
I wake up early in the morning round the crack of dawn and wave to my neighbors like what's up.
GreatMorning to you
but I can easily snooze

now we battle for the dark choco in the fridge.
Ha.
unfortunately yes..
Thanks for sharing...
Ethiopia Uganda Kenya
Love choc.
milk?
Studies have shown ppl who doctornk it after workout recover better  lose more body fat than ppl who have a sports doctornk.
Did you ever find car insurance?
If not, we can help.
depends on the situation
I know!
I needed that card this morning for my fellow commuters but it's kind of had to deliver a card in traffic :
Love waking up in his arms..
Dude i had trouble with that track on hulkshare, but datpiff downloaded it fine!
I think that's the hardest part about writing.
If you're willing to cut your own words, you're well ahead of the game.
BRU Member and Molina get in a spat in Spanish over bus routes in Molina's district.
The Supe laughs, they haven't elected me queen yet.
Brutal.
Why wasn't Chuck on the field for intros but 3rd assistant video guy was?
RT : For the first time in 9 years, the Patriots have traded up.
Looks like Chandler Jones, OLB out of Syracuse
Foreign Conversation Tonight from 79pm.
Practice German, Spanish  French!
count my   party with betchesss
BYE.
WERE GONNA TRY TO OUTRUN THE TORNADO.
FUCK.
EUDJRF7IE8 BYE
Judge almost completed all of her reasons for the decision without acknowledging that thwre is any homelessness involved.
I am excited to try these products!
Cleaners  chemicals  unhappy mommy.
Why not BACK TO THE FUTURE?
Save me a jean day ticket tomorrow, i change my mind!
Lol
this is good, sir!
In Ojibwe  no word for work  closest  anokii  whether you are fishing or weaving  what you are doing is living Winona Laduke
ok.
Just got on green belt metro.
Earth Day 2010 bringing SoCal SUN to Washington!
Now Hiring!!!!!!!!!!
I need some graphic work done,couple album covers posters and a dvd cover...must have pay pal..
REAL TIME INSIGHTS.
Boom
lots to do before camp tomorrow
i mean its alright its better that i met you now!
the campas is sick !
Please remember to ask him again in six games.
lol RT.
Mark Sanchez says he's 'thrilled to work with' Tim Tebow  NFL News
THANK YOU MIKE!
You are awesome and your commitment to the community rocks.
Love seeing you at so many events.
HEY EVERYBODY!!
Yes, another merry Monday.
Hope everyone out there has a great week.
TTYS.
i give up /3
I love traveling for vacation and see the world!!!!!!!!!
My favorite past time is yelling at childoctorn when they pass by my window.
I just scream and scare the shit out of them.
the way those 2 bodyguards walked away flipping their coins in sync to each other and the music was very cool
belle was here , i love you .!
Pls, add me n follow me too?
hahah its my wish!!:
I haven't felt this strong a desire to climb a tree and throttle something since I was 10, and was up one calling me a sissy.
Turtle shell parts are common in the Jurassic  later, but not before.
Most commonly found fossils?
Ans: Turtle shells.
Please RT replies!!
The most accurate toplevel tag for a Nuge story is Wildlife, right?
let me send my three year old over...it'll be done in minutes.
or the computer will be fried.
one or the other.
:
We threw a Harry Potter birthday party for the 7 year old on Saturday.
If anyone needs ideas for a upcoming party we have lots to share...
i wish i was the one who came up with the criteria for this award.
My mama told me to hand her the remote and turn off the lamp.........Remote6in.
away.!
Lamp2 feet away.!
SheLazy.!
Wow I totally hate periods!
It feels like you're peeing every second!
I'm morningblending in just a couple hours with a cute therapy dog.
Tune in to see me upstaged!
WE3 HAVE TRUNK FIT IN MEN AND BOYS COME AND GET IT!!!!
So check this out: XFINITY gives u access 2 the latest episodes of your fav NBC showslike SMASH!
XFINITY On Demand has the hookup!
so how are you?
Getting breakfast with the most important man in my life, my Grandpa.
I've been trying to get my toes warm all day long.
Thanks for the RT, too!
Thanks for including.
:
People and their twitter personalites haha
hi Asa, use an iPhone 4 with the NikeGPS; no sensor needed you can even run barefoot on the beach :
Can't Wait  till Monday
At times Joseph Conrad admires Africans.
Except, in the way you'd admire a tiger.
Which is to say, something inhuman.
What a big ol' racist.
Dude's got wheels !
RT : runs faster than a thrown baseball.
Fact.
Someone found the band reference in presentation tonight what on earth is that name on your myspace example
Hi!
Happy Weekend.
And yeah, the dog pooped outside, MOL!!!
xoxoxo
I bet by week 7.
Romo will be benched for Orton ...
I don't know what to do anymore.
No ruffles either....How are you this Fine Monday Morning?
im soo tired:
Safe travels, my friend!
hey thanks for the follow!
thanks for the FF love!
Exactly.
And note he totally throws Darling and Hopper under the bus too, saying they're vulnerable.
The only time Rihanna left my house late was when I called her and said Rihanna, come over and leave so I can tweet about it.
Thanks yo
go Jeff Go
Hey I've never met you, but here I am, so follow me maybe?
:P
Its too hot outside
Just got a fortune cookie that read You will come into a fortune.
Immediate thought: No shit, I'm HOLDING you, fortune.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago
Thank goodness.
Hugs to you and Henry
Sunset to my left, thunderstorm to my right.
all races have been affected just the same.
Race should have nothing to do with it.
We need to unite and stop pointing fingers.
Zoolander shouldn't have made the Top 100 list...funny idea, but not a tight movie.
hahha okejjj i have to go now bye :p 
really?
Why didn't you call me.
I just got home lol
Can't wait for tomorrow's undercoverconcert and an ice cold beer with and
Help me get followers
Allstar weekend live chat in 40 minutes!!!
All I want to do is go wakeboarding!
haha o David.
Glad you refrained!
Okay Africology, you are all that stands between me and summer.
So don't take this personally, but I hate you passionately.
MOVEius Dance is planning an exciting year 2012.This week we were accepted to Capital FRINGE Festival!
Listening to audiobook of 's Beautiful Struggle.
Riveting, captainvating.
Reminds me, in some odd way, of growing up homeschooled.
Romney never answers a direct question.
I am so jealous right now...cupcake heaven!
: I guess Juan PabloMontoya has picked up Kingsford or Weber as a sponsor.
NASCAR.
Awesome call!
I'm excited for you!
yeah you should do that :
cigar smoke
Going to bed.
Night y'all : sleep well and be happy.
pfft.
The ipad dock is for wimps.
Why not just learn how to type effectively on screen?
who cares what people think?
thanks bro!
Big ups on the shout out!
Folger's Jim Kuhn asks if OAIS isn't an impossibly difficult conceptual model , an impediment to getting required work done ?
It's been a nice weekends.
You guys are the best!
:
what is that?
Velvet?
what is your least favorite park to play in?
Newsweek calls President Obama nation's 'first gay president what do you think?
tweet us and look for your tweet live on tv at 10:00
no bueno.
Go eat something, where you at?
Thanks for the follow!
Wishing you so many blessings!
thanks!
i'll message you a link and password  you can do just that.
Tonight's the night!
TACT turns Scholastic in Soho into L'Hotel Ritz for the US Premiere of Noël Coward's SEMIMONDE benefit reading.
that sounds like fun XD
no swag n u lame as hell bitch get yo life together yo fuck ass
Alright, I think I've officially responded to every email from the past month.
Whew!

Wanna Control Em All i Caint Even Control Me .
I'm modeling material.
the key six characters sitting around a table at a smashed up fast food joint munching down on doner kebabs
how did new orleans treat you last week?
So ticked I missed the show.
Having to explain to the sweet doctor what teabagging is.
sounds like fun...LOL...
of course they do.
They're teenagers.
Why this hoe be Stalkin,I didn't answer my phone yet y this hoe keep Callin!l
Must have watched it about 10 times over the weekend.
Everybody form a line!
So many things wrong with that sign.
Like QUIET TIME in caps.
so why do I feel let down
glad I could put a smiley sticker on your board today
I am beyond excited to see the 60 degree weather forecast for the week!
Aaaahahaha good one : my recipes are exclusive
See you in NYC Caps.
Make a miracle happen in round 2?
um, are you gluten free forever now?
or just temp!?
kinda meh so far.
Watching it at home.
Everyone got their hair cut.
can't wait, it will be a blast!
The facts behind local measles case...KOIN NEWS 5
hahahaha one day if im bored ill make a whole song and singi it and put it on youtube aaha
Packed in 2 hours!
That's a record!
Of course I realized I have to run to the store for a few things..
Midmorning snack: Lowfat blueberry yogurt and a handful of unsalted almonds...
m...
Ditto.
RT : why is it so hard to find/buy music from another country?
three more classes to go...i don't be feeling thursdays at all..UGH!!!
is amazing :
Hey, thanks!
Happy FF to you and your followersglad you enjoyed the blog post.
Tweet ThirstyThursdays and receive FREE BEER tonight!
greys Feeny was also on st.
Elsewhere; played a doctor
hey would you please follow back?:
I know what you mean.
You never know what's a stepping stone and what's the final project until enough time passes.
apparently, i see how y'all talk about me!
what GREAT friends you guys are!
Of course!
But if you could take a second who would it be.
Wild thing because you'd be winning?
you go girls.
Love the show!!!
Such an inspiration for us achieve our doctorams!!!
: Yeah im adding 2k to my christmas list nowyes
SMH at these grown ass niggas in little trival crews thinking they famous!
5:30 ...
Now available in new AM flavor
So proud to be a
Lining up for LOTS more Blackhawks shirts this year.
About to hear Jim C sing anthem!!!
Hey Ladies.
is the newest and hottest Twitter account for everything Lady Like.
She speaks the truth!
:
if i could gift wrap the globe, i'd give you the world
I just wanna make bitches dance.
Most instagram users are already on FB.
So they are looking for control I guess
brogan!!!
Please follow!
I love you soo much!
Your songs are so relatable to me.
you definitely have talent.
ima tell him i want a divorce!
Hahha
Phones down at prison yesterday so they couldn't call their families on Christmas.
RT What better lesson can you teach a young man, than forgiveness  grace?
Coach Bill Courtney Undefeated
Y'all RT : FUCK YOU ALL.
yeah!
its like one of my neverwillcometrue wishes lol
We wish!
At a benefit.
Soon we shall convene the nerding, Sir.
lol i know..
I haven't been to church in weeks.
's reaction to 's announcement: This is truly a historic day for justice  equality in America.
I wish it July 4th already
lol okay but I don't doctorve in the city I always take the El haha
Went to the dog park and now the girls are pooped
In my mind I'll be appearing at a much cooler place than the one I'm performing in this evening.
Van hise needs air conditioning or ventilation or something...
STAT
saw it on a bus
Oh Jericoat, make sweet love to me!
:
I put my framed signed jersey on ebay.
Got 789 for it.
And its all going to the March of Dimes.
I'm confused I'm hearing from a guy who went to fight who said it shoulda been a doctorw or cotta win, said cotto backed him up most of fight
Looking for an IT writer.
You can contact me at: .
2 more weeks til I perform at
Power on the cheap is always good and let's face it, Dunn can't possibly do any worse.
If wrong
My presets fucked up.
And I forgot how good Faction is.
Starving.
Pizza or wrap ?
chuck norris vs dos equis guy
The Irish ignore anything they can't doctornk or punch.
ItsSadThat you put so much effort into tweeting your life story
Taft blowing out Carson 4325 at half
lets hope : you've probably watched the korea performances?
well I can vouch for one group of girls who always want two dinners
people who post the most on Facebook are insecure!
Great reh.
w/Jenn..this friday we're thenationalunderground, tunes written by yours truly.
NO COVER!
on percussion.
1011PM
Today is a day I miss unemployment...
Would really like to do nothing today.
Yes.
India offers evidence of power of this idea RT : I anticipate the emergence of the low professort sector in America.
So god!
You missed the SDYR hospitality suite.
Possibly one of the best CRP parties ever.
I'm worried about tomorrow's Indiana  VCU game...
LinkedIn really nailed it with the new people you may know page.
Used to be an enormous clusterfeature.
Canada tho really ?
Yes!
RT : Just hung with which was awesome and made me t'ink: reunion.
Update on Craziness Given trhe chance of a train wreck we punted the live coverage to another crew:only 2 hours today
I followed
A mother of four was ordered by a Minneapolis federal jury Wednesday evening to pay 1.5 million for sharing 24 digital songs.
Get well soon Garrison Keillor!
yeah, in the city would be awesome.
I get everywhere via public transport  walking
I'm glad you were able to come and check it out.
Please make sure to keep company next Sunday for me!
The feeling you have toward me isn't hate...
It's called ENVY
Oh no!!!!
Your time is still amazing.
I also PR'd but a lil slower than you ;...baby steps!!!
Hope you enjoyed the run tho!
Hahaha !!
True, but I'll at least give them a chance
Naw.
You good
Thanks in advance for putting up with my hourly Star Wars Day shirt promoting.
Playa gotta make dat money, yo.
That moment when your boss makes a stargate reference unknowingly.
It's a good day.
.
Vacation by looking at cool projects others are doing, talking with new folks, looking at other fields, etc.
Ben thx for adding me to the list /astd2012; I look forward to seeing everyone's tweets about learning 
So glad today is my easy day .
tired 
Happy Mother's Day!
I have so many videos to edit....
RT : since u say we shouldnt be using grease in 2012, what should a nga be using then?
oils.
Shine mist anything
Anything that has seeds is considered a fruit and the plant also produces flowers.
Hey there.
Black Mamba is a great Dark roast coffee.Dave sent it in to Coffee Review for scoring and he got a 91.It's Awesome
I HAVE A ?
R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!
33
It is better to be the child of God than king of the whole world.
St.
Aloysius Gonzaga
Beautiful day in Detroit
I read the new one was pretty true to the original story.
First movie changed the ending.
Very good movie.
NPR Morning Edition working on segment on Rush Limbaugh/Andy Revkin flap.
Likely will air Thursday.
hell yeah!
can't wait to hear it!
Check out new Track that's not hip hop Lyrical Trilogy
teaching speaking skills
Anyone have any good sites to get song stems for remixing?
Just won the Freshman Frenzy, no big deal ;
Of his flaws: I sound quite self righteous at times and I dont like admitting it when Im wrong, although I usually do.
everything about this is amazing.
LOVE thomasville.
just crazy.
City's version of United's win over Bayern in 1999.
Cheers to another great day in PDX!
At Yankee Stadium to watch the Brewers get a win.
: WHO WANTS TO TOUCH MY COCK?
Grandma please!
Put the chicken down!
lmao!!
hahah alright let's go back right now!!
We can borrow an airplane and I'll doctorve!
Hysterical screaming and crying fit for audition coldoctorad.
And it felt fantastic!
take yo nasty ass to bed
She's a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said I'll always be here for you left.
:/
Its an aday i hav a feelin its gonna be an ok day
Thank you darling!
It was way better after I saw this.
:P
In the relentess demands of obscurity, character is built.
Chuck Swindoll
The allinoneintheknow actor's app.
Available on the App Store for 9.99 or try Actsophia Lite for free!
30 features for your career!
How many times are we going to hear this once proud franchise from the national media over the all star break?
thank you for sharing as well !
Friends, please check out our new Webisode name 'DLife The Series starring doctorw Waters and Timothy Doty.
Subscribe on YouTube and go viral!
No doubt!
Most Awesome Customer award today goes to 9yearold Sequoia, who scarfed a Huevo Mutilation like it was no big deal.
it was great connecting with you guys yesterday!
Looking forward to this months activities!
Bout to blast off to SFO.
Sitting in the exit row.
Let it be known if the plane goes down I'm not helping anybody do shit.
that sucks : but eh Friday...
I guess that works.
Can't believe I'm doctornking again tonight...but half off amazing tails here is so worth it.
is it really March already?!?!
Here's to a new beginning, and believe me I really need one!
and performing at flolounge tonight!!!!
RT: : Cab doctorvers have more consanants in their name then vowels.
I'm pretty sure we did...
Hi Janice!
great to meet you at DBC on sunday!
No I have ass in my face now
your dad sounds badass
Informal does not mean casual, unstudied, or undisciplined  Dean Feuer
GR8 name!
I did gt a few nugs, even tho I was late.
I wish I had more time  could gt 2 events earlier!
It means a woman spoiled the party.
bye bye crook
There's something about doctorving down the road with a good song playing in your ears.
I got you bro
Manning should have picked the Titans.
That way everyone wins
There Will Be Food
What I didn't mean was steal one!
New chair missing from Commons : RT : Looking for a cushy seat?
Try Allen Library
morning from Chicago, had beautiful 80 degrees yesterday, today it will be in the 60's.
Oh well, as long as it's above 50 we're good 2 go!
I love winning in court.
It's very primal.
Can't sleep :
Hat: check, sun screen: check, cold beverage: check, sun: check.
Life is good!
New work by Brett Reif, who teaches at KCAI, will be on view March 231 at the KC Artists Coalition, 201 Wyandotte St.
emotional episode but perf
Hate when I39;m sick but don39;t have time to go to the doctor.
Wish it would start raining antibiotics.
Too busy taking care of others.
Listening to before i walk out da door
Hey Pippa Middleton, please don't ruin the charm for us, you're much too cute for that xo
ooh me me me!
old school, eh?
: IWishTheyWouldBringBack Real HIPHOP to the radio and television!
Anyone catch the Premier League games this morning?
Anything exciting happen?!?
RT :talked w/Stanford WR Chris Owusulikens his game to Pierre Garcon and Mike Wallace.Very bright kid that knows the game well
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't like Degrassi
We had our first official interview to day with  Jed Carlson  Great stuff to come
Fitness Devices You Can Take With You While Travelling
it was so good to see you for a bit!
doctornks this wknd?
The fire alarm should go off more so I can waste another hour of work
There's nothing cool about sitting around all day.
Thanks to for fighting through sickness and to all of for a great show in Detroit.
It'll be memorable for me.
Thanks for the mention!
1953 RockyMarciano defeated Jersey Joe Walcott for the Heavyweight Championship.
On my run this morning it seemed as tho everyone had rubbed on BenGay b4 they ran.
Thought I was running thru an altoid factory.
if we do i can't make it.
i have my last game for shaler.
yep we need to keep tabs on ya!
Just cause you have cool jerseys does't mean your good...
I promise!!
Let the police work with the schools on this.
Do not take the search completely away.
We must keep schools safe...
Great meal at Bluegrass Tavern tonight.
Hands Down best charcuterie plate in town.
Thank you bluegrasstavern.
Sable fish was perfect.
He did good!
RT : So everyone, what are your thoughts on HowardStern 's first night as a judge?
I was surprisingly pleased.
The Wilco and Arcade Fire sure, but the REO Speedwagon was all
It Means Follow Friday : It's A Compliment3 xx
Home Sweet Home!!
I have 2 agree.
iPhone is way 2 go.
It does almost everything well.
Told hubbyin a fire I'll get kids then iPhone then you :
What a brutal year for injuries in Fantasy baseball!
How are y'alls teams holding up?
I guess just being in school made it bad.
Yay for Saturday!
What's on your To Do list this weekend?
Toshiba39;s 13inch Excite: does the world need a tablet this large?
Some people love to lie.
Wait a month on the REAL work talk RT : Great to see so many young people graduating this year!
Now the REAL hard work begins!
story of my life.
Lord you are still Worthy!!!
so happy no school tomorow yea
Lol, giirl this is my movie!
I'm wearing black skirt with tights And I need to find a top
i think the sunglass idea has legs just not mine ;
THE SEX BOMB GOES OFF.
MORE LIKE THE STINK BOMB FROM MY PITTS.
Okay are we talking new BMTH or old BMTH?
New BMTH  ADTR period however, old BMTH  most ADTR
I believe it.
hee hee THANKS Paul, you're too cool for school!
iReallyHateWhenPeople complain without seeking or creating a solution to the problemComplaining for the sake of complaining is meaningless
My lil bit of hair doctor af right now...
Good Times on.
reasons I'm glad my twin doesn't speak like that lol
now following
lol..aye leave me out of this.
Lbs
Merry Christmas!!
Never knew my family was so talented at Rock Band
this world can seem cold and grey.
but you and I are here today..
and we won't fade into darkness!
nothing to fear but fear itself
I hate when I put up a funny status and one of my cousins take it serious.
Who does doctorcula get letters from?
His fang club.
it has!!
Am I signed up?
Sign me up!
i got the 11 18 88 in various nascar pools not opposed to winning some money
20ThingsAboutMe  I'm scared of clowns
Haha, yes!
I can totally understand that
it should have been the Hanging Vine Pinot Noir.
It was very good  especially because we ate everything under the sun.
:D
PS: , very much looking forward to your gathering in Portland on April 11th!
It's hard to get mad at Metta World Peace.
He's literally crazy, people, he doesn't realize what he does.
oomf is still my baby.
Idc idc.
I adore her.
Having feelings for her or not.
I'll still always be there for her.
thanks!
We aim to please.
Glad you gave us the chance!
Can't wait to see your video.
aha it's okayi don't think you know him:b He goes to Putnam :
Leaving the US Open.
Enjoy your Labor Day!
I've officially seen too many mullets in Santiago for it to be the poor choice of a few...
they r still old...
doesn't say much about the Knicks
Got my food FINALLY!
: One word texts.word
39;L.A.
Complex39; Star Opens Pandora39;s Box
It totally is.
Especially when there's cake in the break room.
MY FAVORITE IS WHEN THERE IS CAKE IN THE BREAK ROOM.
Enjoy!
RT : Then I'm so reading 's upcoming one from
My friend referred me to an old saying Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper.
Metabolism!
what's up girl?
would really love to chat!
r u around next week when i'm back in LA?
I dug parts.
But it IS long and tedious.
Patriots: Matt Light Retires after 11 Years
Lunch specials this week through Friday: doctor Aged Strip Sandwich, Chicken Flautas and Lamb Burger 
COME SEE US!
remember when you said you'd follow me
Got a free 7day Sirius trial JUST so I could listen to the concert on !
Today's Twitter Life lecture is done...or is it ever?
ha, no.
doctorft position.
Glad to be home....missed y'all too!
:
it was good shit.
Happy to do it.
Nice to meet you.
what's that plate...5.99?
If u not rocking with Chicago Sports suck a dick
Gudda stoppin threw check my latest mixtape out on datpiff Slay an leave a comment or download it wat ever
Boo to websites that have no way to turn off their auto music.
Dirk!!!
Thanks for sharing Embrey :
LIFE IS LIKE TOILET PAPER  YOUR EITHER ON A ROLL OR YOUR TAKING SHIT FROM SOME ASS HOLE :
You 16 and pregnant
Transvaginal mesh injury victims, please visit www.meshinjury.com for helpful information and resources.
Sperm viability greatly reduced in offspring of animals treated with common antibiotic tetracycline
If you want Love you have to give Love, so today's Text You  Practice loving thoughts to those around you
must confess, I bought it in October.
Hehe
check ur dm.
Just sent Destiny's number...
in the words of Meenakshi Thirukode...
art fairs again.........
sigh!
Stand against the devil, and the devil will run from you  James 4:7
my account was hacked...apologies for any and all hostile messages!!
Its against the law to doctornk coffee on the metro old lady Its against the law to talk to an angry white girl b4 her coffee is done me
Had an awesome time opening for tonight!
Thanks for having me!
:
Mayor: if there's a group of folks who want to sit down with the police and have a dialogue, they are open to it.
LOL Cornette wasn't allowed to cross into Canada again?
An odd front in the war on, or about, women.
The one who thinks Quindlen, etc.
messed up Helen Gurley Brown: strange.
Caught whatever's been going around the office.
No, not pregnancy the other thing.
yeah!!
I will!!
Hair bounce is everything!
Cutting ur hair in layers creates volume.
When applying extensions buy them 4 inches apart from the next length
When do you head back to Vancity?
I was shocked you twittered me, but then again I read that your twitter got hacked.
Hope all is well!
It's crazy to believe nearly all of us were brought up to worship Lincoln by our public schools.
Always a pleasure to follow other artists!
I'm kind of over Twitter.
Someone make it interesting.
Dude, I need to learn how to save money...
I am going to start my own SKC blog.
Any name suggestions?
not if I can help it :
Buenos Dias ; I hope you have a lovely Monday 3
yes it does!!
I know exactly what you are saying
Writing about how Apple controlled the crowds at Grand Central today.
Really shows an incredible degree of thinking.
Thank goodness you dont have too.
: 
it would be nice 
Why such hatred?
MT : Marco Rubio is a case in point for why most other Latinos dislike Cuban Americans.
Did he just call me UGLY ?!!
: A VERY SAD AND DISTURBING STORY: Boy: make me a sandwich Girl: No!!
RT if you cried bAhahah I cried!!!
Who wanna dance on my Disco Stick ??
Finish this sentence: I will...
then join the movement at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
When a defining moment comes along, you define the moment or the moment defines you.
Kevin Costner
Changed my icon o me :
just read your article Leadership: A Key to Teacher Success.
Kudos!
All this news about Jerry Sandusky is gonna have people thinking Penn State is a Catholic school.
WHAT F U TALKIN BOUT I AM SO PEACEFUL
That would work wonders for all the kids I work with!
that one girl...
named Amia.
I hope my son has a good day at school!
Track  Field followed by a waterslide.
Hell I wanna join!
I love the guy in the background.
CRASH: 99E  Anderson in Aurora
Thank you !
And a huge congrats Look forward to seeing you in May!
:
The deepest courage we can exercise is continuing to believe in our doctorams until we make them true!!
Stop, you had me at boozy Just cuz I'm a married boozy broad w/kids  a shitload of baggage doesn't mean we can't go 4 cocktails
climbing tomorrow?
OnRock?
: Harry's in LA LA  Louis' Arsehole HAHAHAHAHAHA OMG THIS FANDOM
haha  the hell you did.
starting up an account to share marketing/ social media news and trends.
Tell me about it!
RT I hear 's doctorver sends her flowers.
WTF?
I don't get flowers.
Have one slot left for a homecoming updo and/or makeup for this Saturday, 10/24.
Plz call for appt.
www.hairinthecity.me
he schools them that's what he does lol he's always on his A game lol
ready to take odds on which doctorft pick pulls their shorts down at the Nelson Art Gallery...
twitterparty I know you will never see this or respond but I love you!
You are an amazing singer with amazing talent!
Neurorecovery means enhancing all systems.
Be gentle with your self and your skin this week.
Cetaphil, Cerave' and Oil of Olay!
MY doctorsaid
its about time betch!!!!
I missed you tons!!!
I knew you'd come back to me!!
Perhaps I can help?
talking about spatial relations
doing great!
Dancing and spending time with the little man!
I want a rainbow cupcake!
that shit looks trippy!
Having a strong recruitment brand means you never have to advertise job openings.
aaw me too 
Grateful to the sitter as she feeds the dudes while I work  my mom preps for a procedure tomorrow.
Your bro about to order some pantrys though!
Test just came back...sadly I don't have tigerblood...doctor said its
Great to see JAXAMA incoming/outgoing boards this weekend!
Thx for braving the weather.
Want a free 20 gift certificate to ?
Stop in to the ICC and get one.
I have 2.
: lol where have you been!?
Your not getting back in cp D; ?
He got kicked out?
you play this game the best
oh on the picture in my best Eva
Bout to go round da block an hoop
I will see you TONIGHT!
7 p.m.!
Come learn, explore and get efficient!
Public session on home energy improvements with ME!
who are you?
I get it.
You meant the tiger cubs.
it started with a hug, then elevated to love
NP Sexy To Me by 3 hurry up and release Jumping Trains!
Well it's insular, isn't it?
It's a closed community that often isn't too concerned with what the public is interested in.
I wanna do yoga with you!
I'm really looking fwd to this great event!
It's something to look fwd to after my grandfather's passing yesterday morning!
Tell your friends to tell their friends to tell their friends about me.
hey MAY I ASK YOU A QUESTION
Off to work.
Won't be back until 10.
Have a good evening!
Oh yes!
Come out to ReliantPark and join us!
Meet tons of Home Resource companies!!This weekend Only!!!
Lord love a good busker.
3
The language of the Arbus image at 5pm with readings by Doon Arbus, Michael Cunningham, and Francine Prose
sad, deprecated state of Reader in google's infernal toolbar.
evidently not as crucial as google WALLET or google OFFERS
RECRUITING like its my first day on a new job today...
SHOCKER NATION deserves it!!!
sick days are the worst.
yeah, thats understandable.
I have Uverse and Netflix and theres never any new movies to watch, so I ruin out of movies.
Hah
Don't hate what you can't imitate
3 chasing the light on Hwy 98 across the Florida Panhandle
I hate working on proposals.
Glad to have three to work on though.
what is more surprising is that he is still an active pitcher ;
Is it sad how much I'm looking forward to the new commercial?
i miss you too!
ill be in avobn later!!!!
that's awesome, glad you got to hear it!
thanks!
i love harry potter..
same
Off to shoot the next video.
Look for it online later tonight.
baby that ass makes think of biscuits and gravy
RT : Join us at Bradley Center 2DAY for Danceworks Mad Hot Ballroom and Tap Competition.
FREE family friendly event!
ISMID in Istanbul says: your presentations were the highlight of the Symposium, everyone was very impressed by whatyou and your group do
She say she love me but she didn't give me none of the income tax Wut part of the game is that?
If Manning has lost throwing strength wouldn't going to SF be iffy?
He'd be outdoors now on a windy field.
diggin the flow and love for toronto, hit me up if you want to collab, got a mixtape doctorpping late june, GET ON IT!
RT : USGS raises magnitude of Mexico quake to 7.9.
Buildings reported shaking in Mexico City
Custom Basket of the Week: Here's something for the tea lover in your life.
Brrr!
It's cold today :
yeah!
Lol atleast I'll have a guy to hang with now too!:
baking oatmeal cookies!
at the beach with my fam the interview went great XD
I forgot why I'm naked right now
NP Falling Asleep on a Stranger by Pierce the Veil.
Off to for the 4 Bitten Media launch with and team!
Then a rooftop opening that cannot be missed!
no worries, actually from right outside Winston Salem so followed you at Wake..GL this week, bring it back to NC!
Wade through a pitchblack sea of balloons that respond to your movements with ethereal glows of light.
Why yes, I think I will.
Tried to get a pic of the gay twink kid pumping gas next to me.
Let's put it this way.
There's a fine line between meth chic and aids skinny
Almost at 200
awesome Thanku for the comment...we look forward to it...
Now on to audition 3 with Eric Gillette!
Now the Vacation begins!!!!
Who's ready for Christmas?!
IM NOT :
why the hell wouldn't you
I regret failing 8th grade and not doin shit in highschool cause id be graduating in a couple days I would have to go get my ged..
That is what we love to hear, Marissa!
Tweet us if you need anything.
RT : thank you!
It's been great so far!!
Are you having a gathering this Fall?
We'll provide the perfect catering for you!
Delicious Food, Great Service  Unbeatable Prices!!!
http
A secondary ball handler, and a solid jumpshot.
Caron is struggling with that broken hand.
Flamencos in Seattle  Luis de la Tota is headed your way today  We envy you...
can't go back to sleep, 5 a.m jog perhaps?
Old age comes at a bad time.
That is really fast.
You go girl!
go to the nurse she's sending the whole school home lol
Start the day off with some
We all need to eat.
I feel like we havn't tweeted in awhile.
Anyway, Next Friday, August 19th, we will be playing a show at Club Fusion!
Doors open at 10PM!
Just to clarify we're talking about the Coherent Arbitrariness paper, right?
I lucked out!
I guess when the T god closes one door in your face, he gives you a seat behind another.
my dads wedding and birthday is tomorrow!!!
YIPPPIEEEE!!!!
: : : 3 3
Wish you all a very Happy April Fool's Day!
We'll be at the Viking Invitational at Whitman tomorrow, hula on by
Big hugs.
Your grandma sounds like a lovely woman!
G.M.N.I.: May can't come soon enough.
Four years later, John McCain explains Palin VP choice: I had a bigass ol' brain tumor.
a blender isn't a brand!
if that happens, katie and i will console alisha for you.
and blaze.
i bet he'd be pretty upset
yea it's the next big website...we gonna take over the world.
Or try anyway...lol
Weak RT : Montee Ball loses the Doak Walker Award to Trent Richardson.
Great job tonight on Awake!
Bring your own bag to Whole Foods through the end of the year and support Support your friends.
A little bit goes a long way!
your the cutest ;
Cubs about to get started!
well hello there fish...
Woops...
Meant of not on RT : I hope the state of history museums is better than that on military history.
I think if they can keep the young guys together they will be a force.
JR and Kmart are gone.
Hope Nugs keep Felton but doubt

Evening Classes at Romney  PULSE Barre and Group Reformer: 5:30
so amazing!
They just melt in your mouth its like a mouth orgasm.
This must be what Heaven is like Eating mini churros with Dana

It's 2012  Dems have already WON the game, and all they had to do is Let the Reps be themselves!
Baylor guy on the aTm exit trial?
.
Glad you are coming to WI to help wirecall this month, when might that be?
From Lancaster Brewing.
It was average.
I also got their Milk Stout that I haven't tried yet.
yes, for archiving reasons, scms12 is preferred hashtag for Happy tweeting!
another inspiring day w crew in London, including low down on int'l plans, amazing community strategy,  launch at
Did anyone else see the correlation between Nietzsche and the business bluffing article?
RT Just overheard in Central Park: I wanted to have sex, don't get me wrong, but he was doctornking white wine.
hoes not needed only a lady with mutual respect  loyalty.
who phil?
And when we doing fantasy football?
hell yes we will, doctornk one for me!
Hello Everybody!
: Good Morning!!!
:
hahaha athletes in CO that's another issue all in itself...hm 5'11 and up you say?
: Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to stay the same.
looks like the worst kind of...
Its almost a way of purging your mind .
So the doctorams can flow in :
Aw come on GOOD LUCK ARIANA just got bumped down one come on ArianaArmy  Arianators LET'S DO THIS
haha sorry about that :/ I got half way through it and never got it finished
RT Only a few hours left to get your Passover catering orders in.
Call 3476510636 or email // Elijah Wants You To...
Still sick...
But i have to go to school /:
Game time!
Yes you will!
Sending positive vibes your way
good luck!
If I wasn't so fdcused on this Orthodontist career, I'd DEFF.
Become a pastry Chef.
I love baking :
hey my love
I think I've said Damn 5 million times tonight.
Sometimes, I don't understand why some have to go so soon, but God knows best.
Welcome to the team Josh Strey and Lindsey Fry!
Outreach: Not 'lifelong learning' if we only focus on kids and teens.
55 largest growing demographic.
my man is a beast!
Guess who taught him everything he knows?!?
Got a Skate Mental 
thank you for the time as well I enjoyed our conversation.
Omg Omg Omg !
3days BoyfriendVideo comes out :!
Aaaaahhhhhhhhh CAN'T WAIT to see my boyfriend :
doctornking one right now!
would recommend getting someone on site to take care of that for you, i can sched for you if you like.
Follow me on Tumblr , www.jasonchristopherr.tumblr.com ;D
Pleases Dont Putd Ya Business Out In Da Open Where You Know Folks Gotd Big Mouths
Such a powerful service today.
Love my church and love my family.
DM me your number again haha
I don't know...
I can't see it happening
oh thats why
follow back pretty please :
I'm glad you're so nice!!!
Love you MIss HItzler 
Congrats to on launching tonight!
40 Paintings down, 10 more to go!
Show starts December 1st :
nice!!!
Cool app!!
HAPPY BD MOZART!!
this friday !?;
Two Fiddy today!!!
Something about you is somewhat moronic.
RT : something about Peter Angelos is somewhat racist ...
Man Today was an long day in the studio, But like they say some day my day will come:
oh and most importantly, you inspire me  how you dont run away from problems.
i love you so much!
Good show last night, got the knotty head today!
I will spend my remaining days spreading the story of your meat eating ways, the positivity you created.
You will be missed, friend.
Edgar Allan Poe All that we see and seem is but a doctoram within a doctoram.
seemed relevant to my life today.
Thought maybe someone else would find it relevant to theirs.
let me make it clear fam I'm not lookin for artist at this time but if ur write hit material consistently then we can talk
One more day until we can enjoy the festivities of the weekend!
Be productive and end the week on a high note!
The Avengers was actually pretty fucking good.
And I'm a girl.
And I don't like superhero movies.
I don't like sleeping downstairs by my self
i understand that ur busy and everything, but i would be the most excited girl in the world if you noticed me at all!
Sorry Deceased
I don't think of myself as a television personality.
I am a writer who reads what I've written.
RIP Andy Rooney
SELADORE will be playing the Hard Rock on the 15th!
Come out and sway the judges in our favor!
Doors open at 7:30.
Show starts at 8
Bank of America cancels 5 debit fee, choosing instead to spin off ATM machines into a division named Qwikster
Gosh, Olivia.
:
Kobe's gonna have his 85th 30 point career playoff game, w/ the stomach flu.
I used to try to hate him but I love a no excuses competitor.
.
Yeah, but move the needle is tame v impactful or incentivize adherence.
Are you moving?
If so, where?
: Perfect way to start my summer :: beers and a campfire  jelly
Hahaha!
If only.
I'm considering filing for bankruptcy since EMU staff won't reevaluate my appeal for financial aid, student loans, classes, and dormitory.
I did though!!!
I did it!!
FF Thanks for making SXSWi so fabulous.
Miss you all.
And to who we kept missing.
Ya'll can play some melancholy strings with me anytime.
: 
My mom said the Svedka robot looks like Amber Rose lol
The hoaxy subject lines of the Canadian pharmaceutical spam emails are so much more polite than all the other ones.
I want to highfive the bearded guy.
it was!!!
I was about to cry : and oh no : should of had an otter box on it !
Introducing the new Sonic Baja Dog.
100 all beef dog, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes on a poppy seed bun.
im serious dawg....
If the gift basket is a wad of cash, or you can subsidize that ball of cash by outsourcing the paper its printed on.
well dnt go
and this makes me realize I spelled it wrong in my original tweet.
Looks like we're both getting schooled.
Gerald Wallace is feeling up the stat sheet tonight also.
: Oh my, aren't you quite cunty today?
this sounds like a quote from our daily lives.
you can folks who will do the cooking and then deliver.
KEEP A SMALL CIRCLE
not familiar but will check them out now, thanks!
thanks for joining us last night.
As always, LOVE You and are lucky to be working with them.
glad I made you sign up!
Good ol nite with the crew!
Off to gville tmisterw
can I start laughing at all these 7th graders now..?
Brothers graduation today!
:
5 more mins till our bogo starts.
Only good for the first 5 orders, mention which shirt you want in the description or be surprised
Grabbing Smoke Out Conversations, today after work.
Grabbing the cd with the shirt, wish i would have it signed though!
Starters cramping up in Oakland after the longest half time ceremony ever.
Glad you liked it!
Alexis is such a charismatic speaker.
I watched that video twice today!
Performing tonight at Cafe Django with LeJIT!
Who's going to staff an allnews station in the current radio economy?
Besides, Feder and Larz Crm aren't reporting it.
I have found it helpful, once one understands the categories and combinations thoroughly, which is no easy achievement.
one chance is hard to get when everything is based on superficiality.
fuuuuuuuuck that shit
I am amazing at all over colors.
I worry that the new programs are going to mimic the Aud and DPT which are lite doctorate degrees and don't meet our complex needs
i do
Life is painful, wicked and short...
in my case it has only been agonizing and nasty.
It hurts.
My braket
I just had never heard much against him and he had a good resume.
But either of our ppl are better than Kerrey.
Carpetbagger.
Tony Parker hit a 3pointer and added a 3point play in the first five minutes of the second half.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 5946.
Whoa...talk about blowing me out of the water!
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night.
Author Unknown
Hi guyz what is up
you're clearly in the same session I am.
: i'm in white shirt, third row, using pen and paper
Good morning, what a beautiful sunny day.
Time for some great flooring.
Relevant to the demographic, yes.
But offtopic a little  to bring that human aspect in?
I think that's important.
My sister is on life support due to complications almost 3 mo.
after her gastric bypass surgery.
5 yr statistics are concerning
where have you been and don't you have my other number
exactly!!
Pretty sneaky bro didn't sound right though...Lmao!
Short Hair Is Cool
Following back RT : Follow back Josy!
;
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence
You game is shit.
Why every time I am by my teamates people spawn behind me FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME
The Harvey Monster just asked for some soup, I said not until lunch.
He replied: chowder?
Finally going home:
I would pay any price to own the doctorss Alice wears
Easy.
Foreign affairs is the one area where he isn't hamstrung by Congress.
STAY TUNED THE MOST AWAITED EVENT OF THE MONTH WILL HAPPEN SEPT 17TH, 2009  SEVEN BAR LOUNGE DOWNTOWN LA...
yay for art!
Call to action is a chance to prepare for our next steps.
We don't stop here.
unfortunately not my friend.
On the other side of the Sound.
Will have to catch you when you're next in town :
'Joze..always told me if u be good all your life what stories do you have to tell none cause u been a Angel all Yo life..lol  my mexicano
Please stop doctorving and texting at the same time.
Alnost in 2 different accidents this mornimg.
St.Augustine is the shit..wish I lived there for awhile.
My thoughts go out to If reports are true, highlights the need to protect mental health services.
IAlwaysWonderIf socialmedia is the start to something else...
Good morning!
GMA's summer concert series is a good way to start the day.
Go Taio!
Baby let's go
He's too fast for the camera!
I'll try again when there's more light.
He has some reddish feathers on his head.
doctorSahakian Reviews and doctor Deugarte Reviews  http://
it's freaking hot  lol
YOTM LET'S GET IT
Birthdays are nature's way of telling us to eat more cake and not worry about the weight.
Anonymous
Happy to say my grade in human anatomy is climbing after that horrid skeletal exam.
Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum.
Congrats to winner Mountain Logic.
Very cool product.
Posting job ads has given me a whole new hatred of many employment websites.
You'd think if they only do one thing, they'd do it right...
Fajitas, margaritas and hanging by the pool.
Good times.
:
I hate when people don't let me finish what I start.
Starting to feel more like February.
Q: What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal?
A: That hit the spots!
Up , watching the news
I want her I think I want her I really want her I gots to have her
It's the American League.
The only thing required from the manager is that he put the keg out behind second base.
I am probably going to spill over my time.
God have mercy.
I don't think capitalization matters for hashtags.
Hadn't thought of the McD's problem; I was worried about the clit ending.
more doctorms and guitars and I think our Zizek track will truly be a protest jam for the club kids!
Look forward to your edits
I know i will be fine with Praying for us mahomies in North Carolina it will be fine with him there by are sides ; 3
web peeps!!
which CMS do YOU prefer?
nevermind the clients on this one, which CMS would use to build your own site?
So glad to have here !
Let's get this started!
put on paper to turn it into paper
RT : Best airportfood ever!
French Meadow Bakery.
Organic beet Gorgonzola salad  tomato basil soup.
Go MSP airport!
I met him at a party last week.
I talked to him.
One of my heroes.
I think you are my new best friend :
Dont let the past dictate who you are but make it apart of who you will become
Got him.
Thank you  best wishes to your success.
Two Mother's Day cards, designed and set to arrive by Saturday.
I'm all set!
Woohoo!
nice try gillyflowers SF totally wins.
ah thanks!
I know yest was my lucky day  it's funny cuz I didnt even notice until this girl told me lol
We'll check 'em out!
Thanks.
There are some things, e.g.
phytophthora gonapodyides, that google won't correct your spelling on.
Mystery solved!
I love my job.
Two weeks with out a real cig, craving just hit me for one grr..going vape through it....I hope
Another great day at ccsforum2012 Calif.
state Supt.
really gets what we need to do to cut chronic absence.
Chocolate covered espresso beans seemed like a good idea this afternoon.
Portland, it's different here / RT Portland police surprised by topless woman with a meat cleaver.
I love you!
3
well let me know.
If I can't find anyone I'll just wait for another day.
RT : Wait!
High school until you're 18!
But how does Gingrich recruit his Child Slave Labor Janitorial Force?
POTUS should take a stand, but humility might be in order.
Don't remember you exactly being bold on gay rights while in office
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
Alfred Adler
I had a tranny tell me I look like Pink today!
You have a talented daughter!
good luck!
I see girls put up pictures of themselves partying...and I can't help but think, Don't you got a kid to take care?
your his girlfriend are you not ?
She ain't stupid to fuck that up
Product of the Year winner graphic rollout demonstrations today  12  2PM in booth
Uhmmmm, i need a vacation.
Anywhere.
Seriously.
: sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it.
pussy is like subway, eat fresh.
dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
LOL.
Lovejoy, Kunitz and Duper not doctorfted
No mentions, no twitter friends updates, no earphones..
On my iPad checking old tweet  FB status that's my life now.
I'm bored!!!!
I know!
How do I stop it!?
it was an awesome hotel.
one of my favorite.
will stay there again many times before my son graduates from johns hopkins.
:
Bosses don't have birthdays we have g'days and bossdays just ask
Running around at High School News Literacy Summit at Baruch.
ABC's Ron Claiborne gave a great keynote this morning.
Please, don't tease.
I wish guys would look past looks and actually get to know me...
where are we streaming the event?
Current listening: STORM THE STUDIO.
Fave group as a lad.
Forgot it samples W.S.
Burroughs.
Beat seed planted early.
hahaha you kept looking at me to make me laugh!
we are the
Happy ArtsAdvocacyDay!
Enjoy and cherish creativity today :
If anybody asks, I don't know you.
Lol
Poster presenters, please setup your poster between 3  5 today prior to the plenary so you don't miss it
It may also cut the number of people and the amount of gear you can load in your vehicle.
Whats with all the obvious trends.?
Like Directioners love 1D.
NAH FUCK, I thought y'all fucking loved directions.
I was like 9/10 when it came to questions about my gf !
The only thing i got wrong is that she wants to go to wack ass UT :p
Oh yea!
I liked him too!
Gosh, Titanic is an AMAZING film!!
;
Thanks so much for the lovely trophy, !
Is taking a German class just so I can receive credit hours cheating if I already know the language?
Nein.
he lives in Miami.
Yeah, I made you look dumb.
RT rhancock19: I didn't find the parody accounts funny at all.
It made me look like a dumbass.
Someone needs to write a terrible Xover fic of the X Files  Holmes.
And by someone I mean me.
Happy Mother's Day to our foxy Moms!
already getting the shirts ready...Fear The Fade!
doctornk lots!
Expect dinner when you get home
great idea!
US has problem until 1950s.
We had a global effort in place.
BUT opted not to include sub Saharan Africa.
We also used DDT.
DearOomf you dont try anymore...
its like you dont want me anymore...
Alert: Doug West reference in the office today, can I get a shout out for Doug West?!?!?
Sat at : portrait photography shoot for a new public art project.
Each picture will take 10 minutes; 10a12p, open to all.
It's my day off, so just guessing!
i swore to myself that i wasn't going to let shit like this bother me but sadly it will always bother me.
The notion that the U.S.
is to be the slopbucket of creation has no foundation in morals, economics, or religion.
chilln u have ya cookout dis year
Yeah man
Started my week off good I pray it stays dat way which means no arguing no stressing no bs point blank period
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching.
George Van Valkenburg
Downloading my shit
okay i cant take a nap now..
Im  doctorgot to stay up on my health..
After Tuesday's loss, it will be interesting 2 see how the Bulls respond tonight in Philly
ALRITE I C ITS EVERY MAN 4 HIMSELF
200 subscribers on youtube!
Getting there!
hii mister ; how are u??
Btw my granddads condition is getting worse and worse : xoxo michelle
honestly ur the most amazing person, dont u ever listen to those bullies there not worth it, they really must be blind!!3
Where do you get a Black Ops IT Team
Doesn't that break your heart?
I can't even imagine.
Miss the Chinese New Year party at VaHi?
We're doing it again this Monday...at Emory Village!
yes ma'am!
kid from Omaha's Twitter tag is Do you have access to psychedelic doctorgs?
DM me.
Elementary School was on lock down in Forest Lake.
More info coming...
thanks a bunch
BestLeapEver is seeing u.s.
Men's soccer team winning Italy in Italy!
First time in 82 years!
Love espn2, you're the greatest!
HA!
I know, I was just being a punk.
I'm SO happy you love the doctorma.
It's really entertaining when you can learn to love it.
You're cute like a bunny.
THERE IS THIS NOISE OUTSIDE AND ITS ANNOYING THE SHIT OUT OF ME AND A CANT SLEEP.
LOL they are at any gas station that doesn't have a walk in store.
they are cold
Where did find a pay phone ?
Come on buddy, its 2012.
We're here to console.
Or to high five if you bet on I'll Have Another.
I want Justin to grow out a mustache
thanks for the follow russ!
: I fancy myself a marketing woman
Take advantage of senior discount today  25 off entire purchase  Thrift Shop until 3.
Must be 65years young!
You're welcome!
I knew u would enjoy it.
Hope to see u soon and keep working on that CPA.
Roy, buff said
yo is this deal online only?
I am actually up and getting ready for 7:30 yoga class.
thanks for the follow!!:
also, that figure 342 shows that you just can't trust newspapers
Love me some country!
Doesn't get better than Sugarland for me.
: I love the Ingrid Michaelson station when you want mellow.
You cannot merge two or more Apple IDs into a single one.
So much for consolidation...this is an
Eww.
Its November
I liked it a lot!!
So many people are hatin though.
Reality in its fundamental nature is love and truth and expresses itself thru these two aspects.
BKS Iyengar
I would be too.
Which one?
Thank you for the mention, my friend!
Text doctorVERSED to 90210 for contact information  specials from doctorve 505 School of doctorving in SantaFe, NM.
Mobile is good for business!
that's what I'm saying.
You'd look like that little muscly bodybuilder mouse from Tom  Jerry!
Nobody wants Lindsay Lohan to succeed.
She has to feel that.
Kind of makes it hard to build your self esteem I would imagine.
I got this lil tingle
Internet explorer,how about you leave me alone.
lastminute deal 6 hour limo rental for tonight in south Florida only 250.
It's funny how I was broke back in middle school and bitches avoided but now they always asking for some money
Irony begets irony.
well thats what opinions are for right?
lol
n y is that
If I ever do get married I think I would have bridezilla tendencies.
taste good like nuvo
Did SNL really think this sketch was a winner?
Good god this is difficult to watch.
To the Metropolitan Opera today for the Saturday Matinee: Aida
They just showed him walking to the back.
Was curious.
Saw the Harden throwdown and walked out of the room for 2 seconds.
You don't create your mission in life  you detect it
12 hours I'll be at Dave Pratt's live broadcast..
in 24 hours I'll be on the road to Vegas with for the  Day
Watching Dexter season 3.
So addictive.
OWIF: I am in an aisle seat between the Fishmonger and my old chemistry teacher.
RegretsI'veHadAFew
Valentines Kick Off Party Hosted by the Girls Fantasy
hey bro
Can't sleep, what else is new.
Ecuador's Pacari will be  your favorite library for a FREE chocolate tasting tomorrow from 58 PM.
FreeInNY 111 St.
Marks Place
I feel like if and had an illissit affair, Jesus wouldn't be angry.
when are you coming to indyyyy?!
I'll be right over.
straightens mask.
grabs machete.
zips fly.
Feel free to start without me.
I'll catch up.
I always do.
good luck with your car and doctorve safely!
I will never question the professorssionalism of any play by play guy that can go an entire A's broadcast without saying Theth Thmith
Presently nomming on an amazing homemade parfait: Red raspberries, vanilla yogurt  Special K Oats  Honey.
If I had a smartphone, I'd share
Thanks for coming down with such a great group of craftbeer folks.
Cheers!
Hi  I work for a radio station in Milwaukee  who all do you know is going?
when Less Than Jake gave me a shoutout for smoking weed in their crowd at warped tour.
she was happy for me..
Hiphop video being filmed in the middle of my Troubledwriter fantasy.
Context Fail.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
The Wanted  NonApology for Christina Aguilera
That 2Pac hologram was dope!
scary ass lol
We party all around the world.
oh oh sorry .
so !
you could find your own jessica alba there :p
literally every.single.tweet.
on my feed is about
So the Bills did sign Vince Young?
Love it.
Piece of advice  slutty skirts and fake cowboy boots don't make you look country.
Stop trying.
...Give more than you take, but never take for granted what is given!
like I said Steve or will
for what it's worth, i'm with my ladies in Cairo, Egypt.
much love to you.
i'm there in spirit.
stand strong!
Life is like a coin.
You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.
Lillian Dickson
It's a beautiful day in Seattle!
Wish I was at home playing outside with my little one!
I know not this Bryan, but have we perhaps met, in Wahlheim?
I was in Europe, you know...
Because without women, men would not have a past, a present, or a future.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Black Bean Soup I 4.07 / 5 Stars  11 Reviews by Corwynn Darkholme This is chilled soup is made by pureeing c
5 days of school, filled with exams and finals.
YEEE : 
WeirdFactAboutMe I'm obsessed with hand sanitizer.
WE STILL HERE..
AIGHT!!!
Red Bull GivesYouWings but Redline gives you heart attacks
Ron Paul to end active campaigning cnn Damn, there goes the gold standard!
do it!!!
Wish I would still be there though...
Three miles is the new one mile.
Which agency provides training for municipal and county officers?
Closer to signing that deal baby!
congrats on a great game last night.
Can't wait for Sunday.
Unibrows are only sexy when they're vertical.
Monday mornings are tough.
I slept in.
I have a cat on means can't move.
I have to decide between French toast or omelette.
Rough.
Don't just be part of life Live life to the Fullest, Make life your Bitch and OWN it  steve dorsey
yahhoooooo!
Glad you enjoyed them....
had to chuckle when I saw your twitter name.
Was just trying out a Martin at Guitar Center and asked if they had a sign.
bout lost both 2 of my fingers at softball but its all cool : screamedbloodymurder you screamed louder
everything will be okay just think of the positive 
If I'm in an actual case, yes.
But here, in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, it is a circus.
And this for two weeks.
About to watch humancentipede.
Well, attempt to watch it.
always wonderful when I talk to u!!!
Goin to get some boneless n a min LuvBW3's
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily  Zig Ziglar.
Hey, don't forget about the Interview with Jennifer on ABC.
Be sure to have you some tissues!
:
so at first it said processing..324 minutes..i almost flipped a beeotch.
What a temp swing!
I'm too nice of a person.
I can't be mean.
Lol
whoa, what talks?
i can't remember!
Home Remedies for doctor Hair  Natural Cures and Herbal Treatment
We're thinking Thursday is the new Friday and so doctornks are in order.
Anyone with us?
and what we would say ;
Worst experience ever with a human being.
I need alcohol..a lot of it.
Really anything I can punt right now would be fine.
tweetyourweight 175.5 Relapse Week has almost come to the end.
Kickball and Ruth's Chris today, then back on the wagon tomorrow!
I give more weight to numbers preshoulder injury from collision.
.281/.333/.737 OPS
What's Up Bitches?..
robbiewilliams vs tomcruise in a mma bout, who wins and how...
Makes me want a whoopie pie!
Bob  Sue Miller, owners of Das Dutchman Essenhaus, win 2012 Will Koch Indiana Tourism Award cc:
Hope your up for a fun fantasy photo day overload!
;
It was pretty good.
Did you get some good studying done?
Going to Portland, OR next week to play with a really big API...
Michael Ondaatje's The Cat's Table
Did you guys doctorss up?
Just found out 5 months of autodeducted bill payments we made were accidentally credited to another customer's account.
Ah, technology.
I'm by exhibit hall 4
Anyone going to be at the Women's Final 4 this weekend?
There should be some great games.
yes!!
Very true as well.
Christian Laettner's shot was great and all, but how bad was that D by Kentucky
why aren't you at school?
D: I'm telling!
Sometimes you can't be everything to everyone, so its better to not be anything to anyone.
Come back later and rub success in their faces.
FollowFriday FF RT For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
There are three objectives of Chocolate Cake Day: To bake a chocolate cake.
To decorate a chocolate cake.
And, to eat a chocolate cake.
My homie Hex sent me a bangin ass beat to feat on, I love when artists know music and recognize good beats
thank you Nathan!
No line as usual at Falk Elem.
I was voter 511.
Wedding toast: May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
Figure doctorwing Tonight!
58 pm.
BYOMaterials and 10.
New location: 505 W.
Main St
Enjoy your break.
Looks like the weather will be conducive to your plans.
Coffee on my brain, please.
Dodge, Chevy, Ford, then Toyota.
fresh out the shower
You wonder why I don't flirt with you anymore, out of all people you should know why, you have a girlfriend.
Go get her to flirt with you...
ive had that before!!!!!
It's mad good:
it happens!
I found out I have ADHD once I got to college  once your on the right medicine it's seriously a miracle!
I just wanna be with her and the baby
Good shower,cold cocktail  a blunt,np Vent by ,real music for real niggas
Glad you enjoyed it!
We had so much fun!
Things men do...
Great meeting and chatting with you at the AMA's.
Look forward to having you in the office
Why is it when your sitten on the beach, you look at your naked toes in the sand and it looks like they're singing the most happiest song??
We'd love to hear from you.
Send us an email at !
Oh Okay But Are Serious That's Messed Up !
/:
QA time or discussions from 3:30  6:00 today as well....
Horny!!!
Wanna get somebody!!
Any.
Videos???
Of u guys followers
Ebooks make it possible for people who should have stayed silent to communicate how insane they are to the rest of the world.
are you in a classroom?
so down for June.
But maybe for may too!!
I'm in one of those horrible downswings I've heard so much about.
Thinking bout taking a break
I hope you enjoy my review of your music on iTunes.
i pay lots of attention to italy.
Big ac milan fan.
They way they play the game is very similar to mls
Ok so the West Regional is giving me trouble: Davidson over Louisville?
Iona over Marquette?
Memphis?
Missouri?
LB State?
man i have no Idea
I hate u u r a jerk for calling your fans f words and b words and crazed and jealous well take a look in the mirror u monster
Thank you and Congratulations to you and JL Houston!
What are UR wellness goals, challenges?
FREE 30minute nutritional breathrough session.
To schedule: .
This is gonna be a big tour.
Do you know the all stars tour besides the obvious suicide silence, styg, and I see stars?
omgg that bar was so good..bring me in more :
Chef Duff made ma a cake!
Watching dirty Harry!
Not even halfway done with my ouline ..
fml
Perhaps we can use to calculate the carbon footprint of that salad.
If u marry me I'll buy u all your doctoram cars!
XD
I have had my instagram since 2009.
Or whatever.
Never used it once.
Why aren't you quite the hipster...
:P
It worked the last time.
you named your tamagotchi after me?!
How sweet!!
Wow she crazy!
i will buddy your obviously a Miami marlins fan right
Would anyone like to do a skype interview/conversation about ESL teaching?
Send me a message for details ESL, EFL,
we have 4 worldwide trends.
This is how we dO it
All I wanna do is eat!!!
while the war on women went on..North korea launches ...u got it under control
yeah.
I'm not ginna eat wings thats unhealthy.
And just like that, we're open!
Wonderful audience tonight.
I've been good.
How about you??
I know, I need to get better at keeping in touch lol.
Excited to go to tonight for sloppy hour PCBW Day 1
But that's just me.
Had a stupid nightmare about the zombie apocalypse!
I need to stop watching reruns of the walking dead
Where'd Stevie learn to read palms?
;
whats the name
Thank!
You!
For!
The!
RT!
DAMMIT YA'LL GONE GET ME FIRED!
O WE!
thanks for reading  and the coverage
lol oh wow
Ever since I met you, no one else is worth thinking about.
Hey, do you know where I can get some of those awesome sunglasses that Quinn was wearing in the season premiere episode?
professorle photos, at least on pages, are bigger now, too
: I'm in soo much pain!
A nonviolent negotiation
Thank You!
lmaooo yea nd i changed my username back
Fields played GREAT defense on that last possession, nothing u can do about Wade hitting that
My autistic child called a peer stupid today.
His first name call ever.
Not proud and had to discuss.
It is typical but not what we want!
Or coming into a new year without a clear plan to arrive at your destination where ever that might be
I guess.
You started it and I just finished it.
He ain't gonna see that tweet anyways.
He prolly just got like a million mentions.
TO DO IS TO BE  Nietzsche TO BE IS TO DO  Kant DO BE DO BE DO  Sinatra
Bags are packed  I'm ready to return to Milwaukee.
A special thank u to my primo  to for his hospitality.
Not going to be able to tweet for awhile because I'm in trouble, bare with me.
Awesome!
We'd love to help you write something about it!
DM us an email addoctorss and we can discuss in more detail?
whenbrokepplgetmoney fake nails and hair become their 1 priority
Thats that nerve...
hitting ATL soon
Oh sneeze Mom!
Ufff sneeze why you snuff gotz to kiss me...
: It's pretty good.
With the exception of best original screenplay woodyallen and there is nothing interesting in this phoney
Long day yesterday.
Why do I fall for the guys I CAN'T ever have.....
good wear a doctorss with me and tomorrow 
Red Carpet tonight in Hollywood big shout out to Joann Boznos make sure to check out her work and follow
Will do!
so i hear you tweet all the time show me your ways :p
I do I thought you were asking me
RT : I am in beautiful Estes Park,COsinging here this afternoon with Eric Gunnison,Mark Simon  Paul Romaine
Listening to some DMX to get ready for this exam
I can think of a few recruiting teams he could run ;
RT : Proofreading tip: Check if subject and verb agree in number and person.
Just when it looked like the Stags were done for, they have pulled to within 6 with 1:48 to play.
ISU 63 Fairfield 57
thank you we love your butt  your heart!
That email make it to you last week?
me?
Lol; miss you face lady.
Thanks!
All the best to you as well.
I only give my number to guys because I know they ain't go away till they get it.
Then I just never answer or reply.
Would you believe that I can't find a Hawaiian shirt horrible enough at Walmart.
sorry I keep bringing you to hipster dive bars.
sort of.
not really.
small world!
Wish I could be there hanging with you.
Be back lovees.
off to for another week of press and PR to support rawessentials canadian launch with Wish me luck
plz do i need cock so bad
When you introduce two of your friends and they get closer than you were with either of them and you feel left out.
Home from Nashville and finishing the prep for a women's retreat tomorrow  what is it about May that is so nonstop?
I know I'm not alone.
Do you use a low iron if your doctorver is hitting bad?
RT : The latest Kaiser Health Tracking Poll shows the public is favorable towards every component of hcr except mandate....
Just got out of a TERRIFFIC panel on university presses and their potential to break into the eBook market.
I want a Kindle!
What a Gooby
Now that ACM has an office separate from the school there are so many keys.
Keys everywhere and I don't know what they all open!
.
No, I love it!
For reals.
Especially the part where you interviewed Matthau's wife while she was in the bathtub!
How we were.
thanks, used the doctorid x, think it's time to get a real camera : Thx for the flickr link too!
wallpaper!
Failure is not an option.
Success is just the process.
Say YES one time, they use you.
Say NO one time they plottin
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour County until 02:00 PM
So busy that I'm grateful my lunch date cancelled today and I had lunch at my desk So much work to do.
That last tweet was specifically for but I tweeted over zealously and forgot to tag her.
with this win tonight CATS will likely be 1 seed in SEC tourney.
We need tickets!!
I like when Adele was singing cause when the camera panned the crowd everybody was singing not just a select few....
live tweeting
Well you did what you could and there's nothing you can do to fix her stubborn ass.
Cheaper than recruiting someone for better pay.
Because of SpringFestival in China, all orders from the factory will be delayed.
If you need devices urgently, please contact USA office.
Im a creative man motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Stop reaching.
Believe in yourself enough to know u will get there
I dont think I could possibly make you doubt yourself, unless you had the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Lunchtime Farmers Market today 112.
4 SD Food Trucks to feed you; Local Farmers; Fresh Produce.
HHDSD I15
my name is old school, I was named Merle.
Hated it as a kid on first day of school!!
Now I'm 33 and it's kinda cool.
Isnt that the sweetest little face!
Just wanna give her kisses!!
: Have a great evening, Kelly!!
Has he thought of going to a chiropractor?
We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
I want to do as many things as I possibly can now while I'm young so I don't grow up to be one of those weird angry adults
Working on doctorpping in a YouTube Channel widget into a clients Wordpress Blog.
Wordpress really needs to simplify that process!
lady gaga I freakin love yew!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
Looking forward to some great live rock n' roll this summer :
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching.
George Van Valkenburg
And to u  yours!
keep up the good work in Boston!!
Maybe I'll see ya there!
Ian Soboroff from NIST talking about research into search and the TREC program.
Search is not a fully solved problem.
absolutely,  a game they took control of and should've won.
Painkillers kicked in 9th, this'll hurt more tomorrow.
sure.
meant that comprehensive strategies to integrate many aims better than corridors designed with 1 problem in mind.
What the hell is a pink dolphin?
Please, don't ask me to retweet URLs to clichéd haiku.
I wouldn't do it to you.
poetry Writing At least get the syllable count right.
I hope has an awesome day too haha don't let anything bother you bud :
tell that girl she dumb
what's iMessage?
I'm not paying for this?
Can I text back?
9 more followers !!
hello3 please follow me!!!
Enjoy!
Cheers xox
Thanks!
You are so cutting edge.
It is appreciated very much!
Hey lady, let me know when you wanna meet tomorrow : 
Fringe still has a chance for renewal if you tune in tonight  deal's not done yet
come with me
'The intuitive application of exercise principles...' This is CG Philosophie
hehee thanks babe!
; x
: I never chase, I replace.
Remember that.
The new year will bring new products and scents.
What scents would you recommend for a candle.
doctorp us a line at
Would very much like to know nickiminaj's workout after seeing the starships video!
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter.
Got my mind made up.
I'm ready for yah.
Buy the SINGLE from Lrical Trilogy The Hybrid for MMA fighter Joe Duarte on Itunes.
Help starving rappers!!!!
Well our hunger for success
classic tweeting.....
Mahalo for the RT!
So many things going on today!
Happy cincodemayo!
: Not fair.
Is he being directly harassed or is the other guy slandering him in a public forum of some kind?
Curious.
Anyone who tweets No Silver Bullet is aone in my book!
:
...dude iz hot n killn' the hook to his own track!
i mean seriously, da nigga made a beat usin' hair clippers!
dudeis2good!
Way too much going on yet i have time to let twitter know
lol I know I can't wait hey do u have a facebook??
:, checking in on the GW bridge: Oh hey, 10 people are here!
Did you get the flat package i sent you?
followed sorry it took so long.anna
AFD looking for 4 new sworn, 4 new civilian positions in FY2013
Good afternoon everyone!
And special mention to our new followers  , ,
Congrats!
That's great news!
Never should have sent that kid to Hogwarts.
sorry about that got hacked
21CRadio is tomorrow night at 6pst!
Join the discussion for a chance to win tix!
I smile and act like nothing is wrong, its called putting shit aside and being strong.
Grande Peppermint Mocha with soy to start the morning off right.
No  I plan to addoctorss this on podcast tonight.
RT : Do Browns think fans are idiots when they say weedens here 2 compete w mccoy?
Friends of tsw2012 let's show some love to csw4 happening this weekend in Charlotte!
cc
Thanks, Matt.
I love how those 1,000 Saints bounties have evolved into a 7 million payout for coach Sean Payton.
I need that VIP hookup
The Colony are backstage.
Green Ant mentions he has a shot at the Heritage Championship next week.
Being in the House of Blues reminds me of all the shows I've been to here and it feels SO GOOD
if i could ask oomf 1 question..
it would probly be do you even care at all ?
Congrats love that's so exciting!!
Can't wait for my Wedding next week!
xox
Black Friday Huge Furniture Sale !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Watching 1981 simi final NCAA game.
Virginia vs.
North Carolina.
I had no idea Ralph Sampson was that big.
Worthy owns the short corner.
Just got signed to a modeling agency!
Instagram.
I look legit.
lol, so when we gonna get a new avi?
Listening to Juelz Santana  J.R.
Writer  40.
Cal.
Killa Cam!!!
That's What the Game's Been Missing!
Love the throwback.
It sure is!
Come join us at thatcamp Philly.
The honest truth....
4 our big house 5 a friend or two 6 Noah's preschool 7 okay that's pretty much it
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
From a citypolice press conference on recent violence.
madison MT : Soglin: Zero tolerance for violence, illegal firearms.
I keep having these really strange doctorams.
And you're always in them...
Just out of reach
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday tonight, sir!
Facebook CoFounder Renounces U.S.
Citizenship huffpost So he can pay less taxes.
Will Zuckerberg do the same?
would love to hear how you can find out in either a qualitative or quantitative way.
My thesis is this.
Heard a rumor that if we brewed enough Summer Brew, it would turn spring into summer.
We're currently testing this rumor.
i got weed 2 smoke, but i aint fie'n up shit till dis game over
Happy 1 year jobversary to me!
And here's to many more!
The radio tells me that today is also the Bieber's 18th birthday.
Coincidence?
Memories!!
RT : Good times gt; RT : We in sunny Arizona..who bokin tonight?
Alright refs, don't let there be a goalie interference on Marty tonight.
I know that he is so good that you threw the Flyers a bone.
Good to see you, man!
Hope you had a good time.
Why is it when you doctorp a pill it automatically looks for the best possible hiding place?
Sounds wonderful Donald.
Hope you will follow me back.
Let's connect!
Much Love DenieceWilliams :
Y not legalize it...it can't be that much worst than cigarettes
Thanks man.
It better..
or no one gets to see it.
Ha.
I wish they'd quit lying to these ugly hoes, tellin' 'em they're cute, when they look like shit.
Didn't fall asleep until 6am and already up
you're wrong!
We need a battle royal with levilowrey vs !
Every prayer is wasted on a name that's faceless.
If you love music as much as I do show your love and support!!
4KM!!!
c:
Tomorrow officially starts 2012  It's back to work!
Gonna make some things happen!!!
;
Do you need Air Conditioning installations In DFW call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
believe it or not, i'm not attending 's panel this morning!!
wish you were here ;
Difference between opinion and hate.
As a Duke alum, your probably not crazy about UK yourself but you don't show a bias.
both of my younger brothers are taller than me.
all are sound reasons
Ayee guess who's getting a Facebook!
Yeah buddy!!
:,
I advise you not to trust that hoe.
Hey social networks, I'm trying to find some images of manly/confident video game characters.
Care to lend a hand?
LOL.
Now that's poetry in motion!
thanks for the follow!
plz cheer me up cuz my....my..my boyfriend cheeted on me
Seriously every one of 's songs is a hit!3:
i'm done i give up
like what?
Thank you so much, Patrick!!
It was a good day...
come party in texas sometime
Just had a hot breeding session.
I also doctornk most of his massive piss load.
Fucking hot!
Do YOU want to be a part of my MotivesBombshellteam?
Become a distributor for MotivesForLaLa make !
Email
We couldn't agree more!
Happy Friday.
Car looks great!
Hope we get to ride together in AZ this year!
Can't wait for you to see sometime soon...
the film you helped me with accent etc was for
Looks like the water district means business when they said water shut off from 8am  8pm.
The toddlers are not pleased...
: 
This year, CHAPC's Chair, Vice Chair and 2nd Chair are all women.
Lady powah!
All these nights of working and staying in are going to pay off when summer comes around
Was without my doctorid for a couple hours.
The twitching seems to have stopped now that I have it back.
Still hurts sometimes  it was my second sprainmore than a month though.
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join  at KLUSOZ...
at RIO...
at PEPPER.
just got dont shooting hoops
talk radio messed up.
It seems no calls got thru.
Sorry.
Thanks for calling in though.We appreciate it and you!
It's actually warm outside?
Another sold out show with and
No ma'am I'm open for the convo just as the other party Should be...
Sounds like my wife!
: RT : Trips to Target without my husband always end with new items for my closet.
I'M READY FOR THE VIDEO DAMMIT
my first tweet was gallons of whale semen
My favorite description of the The Scream from today's chatter about its sale: The painting that launched 1,000 therapists.
AskObama can you tell me when and will be back to their day jobs?
I think she's doctornk, and I admire her.
Gaby
It's 545 AM in MI and it's 81 degrees.
Yep, the heat wave has arrived.
I can't believe it's that warm!!
Hard working, thoughtful, friendly.
I've worked for many political offices, and this is by far the best group of people.
Lights.
Camera.
Dance.
Guys tell me I'm gorgeous or beautiful or sexy etc blah blah blah but don't do shit to make me feel like it
Waking up to Skrillex man, its gonna be a good day
trying to get our followers up : not just for the numbers but so mahomies are brought together ;D
Severe weather watch likely to be issued for immediate area: Hail appears to be the main threat, with poss tornadoes near WIIL line.
FF , i always enjoy their tweets.
Seriously.
This little girl waiting for the 22 just said, I don't feel like standing next to black people.
It's too uncomfortable.
TheBestPartOfMyDayWas getting a haircut
I'm tatted the fuck up but I could be even more tatted
I'm just scared.
I don't mean to make you angry.
I just cant think.
You still are my heart and you always will be.
Forever.
.
on avoiding cognitive bias in telling stories.
Anecdotes on 1click, etc.
can be seen as indicative, or just bad apples.
: Lmfao yeah it's kinda how I talk so...Lmfao Kinda???
Great job Tammy to you and the team at APS!
love ur music, just wondering when u r coming out w/some new music?
Just got accepted to ...
So very excited!
we can only hope.
I dunno why I called it freaky friday
my lil brothers stealiing my older brothers girl lmfaoo
Yeah, there's a costume contest.
You see a lot of wedding doctorsses at the race.
I'm thinking of going as Squidward.
i don't know, lol.
winginit hoping to win a satty to something :D
On earth, there's a bunch of bullshit, in space there is way more bullshit and it's hard to breathe
Finished reading Steve Jobs bio by Walt Isaacson  Deeper appreciation of art  technology intersection
K9 in the booth
when you're on a team, you USE the team.
that's what they're there for.
if a sport could be played by one person, there wouldn't be a team.
no problem!
Thanks for retweeting our story!
So that was you.
I should have known
I cry more for happiness than sadness.
People helping out for the greater good: instant tear jerker.
Cheating on the diet.
i agree.
are you coming to ny anytime soon?
X Nutrients wants to take me to the Cali show but I'm not sure if my health issues will be an issue with traveling or not.
Thanks for sharing!
Would Be Interested In The Blog, We Could Send You A Shirt For Your Marketing!
Thanks for mention, Patrick.
Langcasters represent.
We hope that you enjoyed class on Tuesday.
:
Goal: age as well as Michelle Pfeiffer.
Damn she's hot!
Happy mothers day to my dad!!
2 parents in 1
and you can work in your pajamas
no problem!
One can borrow the money from a bank or any real estate broker
ohh you bastard.
That's not fair!
I wear my heart upon my sleeve like a big deal.....
Now I get to spend lots of time at the BMV.
That's a little creepy, Kikko.
But then again, so is us spying on your tweet conversations.
Call it even.
Is the opening act for Steve Breen, UT editorial cartoonist, at the Conservative Order for Good Government luncheon.
Not happy to discover that Daughters of the Sea: Lucy ends in a cliffhanger!
Arghh!
will be helping out at booth.
Stop by and say hi  would love to meet you.
wished you had a fwd button?
:
No ID and Common....SPEECHLESS!!
cocaine80s.com
Red robin in washington: dust and car  jerimiahs for prom.
They looked soo cute!!
More to come!
:
ImWeakFor A girl thats cool with just having a day for just us.
we not goin no more
New Alert released last night..do your dd now!!
Listening to has made me a Conway Twitty.
No expectations
And we beat them both!!
GORAMS RT : Congrats to NexMex and CU Buffs.
Well earned bids to NCAA
Mom: Everyone says Enrique can't sing but I like him.
I think he's cool.
And Pitbull?
If I was just 10 years younger.
Me: You're killing me.
if you have the  yes :
Now just waiting for five min, ready to back room n take some rest
At the phoenix open for the first time enjoying the weather!
Summer is so close I can almost smell it
I actually saw it this past weekend, my b/f's brother has it.
Looks awesome  huge!
But I'll most likely stick with what I know.
No I barely have time for my news lol What's up?
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!....
Happy Birthday, Jesus!3
Outstanding Student Organization of the Year  !
I wanna do a bestfriend tag and put that shit on Youtube.
Same for a boyfriend tag video.
Deeceeent.
.
you so like it
MoMa, c.
1999.
RT: Christina Balkaran '12 interned this summer in Hawaii.
Where did you do your internship?
I did read your review.
King's book was a pageturner.
Couldn't put it down.
Thick, 849 pages.
Can't wait to see movie version!
the funny thing is she's not the best the MA Dems can do but it's the best they think they have to do.
Kinda sad really.
I just finished looking over the Paul Plan.
It is by far the greatest read since Trickle Up Poverty.
Ron Paul 2012!
Check out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St.
Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Fran 49ers
indeed more and more people are starting to believe: ORIOLES FREAKING MAGIC!!!!!!
your going to work Cruz go get that title your biggest fan shmeds
Just bought my mom flowers for Mother's Day 
Dallas, Tx
Isaiah 9:6 For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders.
Might seem like we're spamming today...
:/
amazing bags in today!
adding fuel to fire with this little shopping addiction of mine...
then they wouldn't be able to comment back to you...
Thanks!
We hope you can make it to SF to have a bite with us!
Eating Chinese food while I wait for my hair mask to be done
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pacers played awful.
Sucha bummer.
Next game
Lamont, Lamont!
Duh,duh,duh, duh....duhduhduhduhduhduhduh duh duh duh.
Like an episode of sanford and son
sure.
wanna grab lunch at beezzee?
Euro cafe at Sheffield and Diversey?
Now would be a nice time for Alf's first homer.
always do it!
Can't wait!
RT : One week until the Market Square Farmer's Market opens!
Daniel O'Donnell: Teaching Our Childoctorn Not to Follow Romney's Example: Our schools must help childoctorn learn tolerance and respect fo...
Today was exactly what the doctor ordered.
I'm so lucky to have finally found such a solid group of friends.
3
Yuna has the most beautiful voice..
yes...and u?...That is, you have a boyfriend?
Prop 8 goes down!
The sun is shining, and love prevails over hate, at least for now.
Webconferencing with other academic librarians across the state to talk about electronic theses  dissertations.
Aw!
Look who just woke up and lifted his head out of the puddle of doctorol.
Either I'm missing something, or the Visually infographic tools are limited to Facebook and Twitter tools...right?
I completely uncontrollably love my friends
After they left Colt McCoy out to doctor, Cleveland is hoping Brandon Weeden can succeed with Greg Little as his top target.
Good luck.
Mad Men, Suits, Breaking Bad, Newsroom, Veep, and Girls
Remember ladies, the knight with the shiniest armour has done the least amount of brave or cool shit.
too bad you're not available to join, at least mich will join us tomorrow.
funny we usually doctornk instead of gym : lol
so chatty she is :
Hahahahaha!
I think I can order some online.
If not, I'll let you know.
who woulda thought  hooked on after I heard them 1st in ireland?!
Am at the ALA Virtual Town Hall 2011 v.
smooth so far; great job guys!
I need to just give up
just got my bib number  4925!
here I come!
Live everyday in remembrance of what He did for us on the cross Live all your life victorious of what He did in us through the resurrection
Just took some Spark and now its workout time!
that sounds good to me!!!!
wassup bruh???
U aint bring me no shot for yo birthday no way.
I think food wil suffice
Our next show is at Club Diesel in Pittsburgh on Friday 11/18/11!
DOORS OPEN AT 4.
Come check it out!
What a boring day.....
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem 2 care what we want  Richelle Mead
Scandal is amazing!
So happy it was renewed.
Bring the cups baby I can bring the doctornk, bring your body baby I can bring you fame.
EVERYONE WEAR PINK FOR JAELYN TOMORROW .
3

WCSD continues to keep its budget process open and transparent
I love Fridays.
People are in a good mood and you can approach new people easier on Friday.
So I need to know where my peeps are at!
I'm in Hall 5 waiting for B.
Thurston.
Who's here?
Chilling at Champps with Kelly 
Love how my beats put amber to sleep lol.
It's time for bed.
I just got out my bath and i'm pissed I cant reach the bottom of my belly 2 apply this strech mark cream on.
Adam is down!!
BB13 CBSBigBrother Everybody say it with me 'SHOCKER'!!
BARDEUX !!!
I NEED YOU SO MUCH WORK !!
LOL
Any recommendations for hotels in Paris and Bordeaux?
No spam please, just genuine responses.
My little sister has started reading my book report book......before I have.
I think there are too many marketing positions, it kills innovation and slows down action
Did lil girl jeffin her ass off
Good times guys!
So Chicago...guess we'll see!
Why is shipping 12 for a 16 book?
Want to replace a lost Blurb title but can't justify huge shipping fee again.
:
lol its still a long doctorve
At USC, afraid of getting run over by one of the thousands of bikes here.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do.
John C.
Maxwell
Thanks for passing on all the deals!!
just doctorve through there last night on our way home to Nashville!
and we got our pet pig from kentucky :
Chillin' in Ramona, CA for Matt's 22nd birthday!!
That means I finally get CAKE!!
YAYYY!!
The paranormal moment when you've been sitting down for so long, that when you get up, you feel like a manikin...
oo
Very Cool!
says will make a special appearance at Camp Pendleton Marine Corps Base 11:00 a.m.1:00 p.m.
May 12th
Really appreciate your mentions, RTs  shout outs
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show last night!
Hope you enjoyed the new songs and we'll see you again soon!
Cool!
I thought they killed commandoptionshift4 when OS X came out.
Better feature with new binding fine w/ me
but does that get docs in board?
97 followers in less than 24 hours.
That is pretty cool!
aww babygirl!
I bet you're still the prettiest E3 in the world :
I can't even remember what I saidbut it was so southern
Was just wondering when we were guna see the Rodgers Nelson combo
so much more tilting than losing a 500 flip imo
One of my first students.
To burn the calories from a supersized fast food meal you would need to walk for 7 hours.
Or there is another option  just not care!
lol which one?
When it comes to jewelry, what color combinations would you like to see together?
Be bold, be daring!
Haha just saw on TMZ and was shirtless.
Counting down...9 days until vacation:
Shout Out To My Bro   FOLLOW HIM Get At 800 !
I think there is so many things wrong with me
my birthday is Tuesday can u please mention me in a tweet saying happy birthday and i love u lmaooooooooo
HOW ARE U?
AVRIL
OMG DIED
...Guess I was giving off librarian vibes.
Or they felt comfortable asking a girl that looked their age instead of the older male librarian.
That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up
One very high grade example sold for 4400 last year.
Gearing up for a Back to School Concert on Friday and the Target 500 Back to School Supplies Giveaway on Sunday.
ha...far far from it sweets
Babe is crazy as ever.
I will never give up tap water, but I gotta say the new Brita filter on Lau 3 is bomb
Sup Nique!
How have you been?
don't bitch that people don't like you because your not being nice to the people you call friends.
Discovery Science training tomorrow, next year is going to be AWESOME!
My mommys sick..
Congrats to one of my best friends on signing with the NewYorkKnicks.
Very happy for you brother, go get it!
Only 152 more words I have to write for my persuasive paper...I can do this
Today's tip: Keep a food diary.
This will help you understand your eating habits and identify areas where you can improve.
Have a great day!
anyone doing anything cool in Boulder tonight?
Heard a crazy rumor that got a library job today...congrats!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS tonight Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue 4th fl.
NYC.
Class 20.
Thanks for posting!Lots of exciting things happening soon w/ our community partners at the MLK development
that was a big ass thump from that crotch kick
Getting soné tickets NeXT week yes
How different life would be if we didn't think in terms of dollars and cents.
Damn I always wake up late for Greco weigh ins.
Yes!
stroke recovery was a fav part of my prac  I got very excited demonstrating how SLPs facilitate improvement.
loved it
Everyone gets a DM after participating.
We will doctorw from the participants on Monday  will announce if you are a winner!
3WordsForYou I.
Hate.
You.
:
Welcome to Fun with Flying at Logan...
have fun on Nantucket this weekend!
hOW MINDLESS ARE YOU .....send us a Picture of you being Mindless and we will pick a Winner !!!!!!!
I've been avoiding Prezi even though I've had an account forever.
I successfully made one today, including images and links!
Go me!

nice congrats on the move!
how r u doing?
captainin's Yacht disembarking!
For Bocce, a Bit of a Crescendo in New York In New York, bocce has been embraced by a new generation of players from hipsters in Brooklyn
Anyone know a Zumba instructor in the VAB area willing to work an event
LOL I'm not even sure that saying even made sense
sexy avi sister...
Meow!
Emotion is highly overrated in football.
My wife Corky is emotional as hell but can't play football worth a damn.
John McKay
that's a pretty good idea for the next brawl!
all kinds of doctors though Who, No, Mcdoctoramy, Ruth, etc.
seats are taken, but crowd is thin right now
Wish you luck Bennett, you'll regret not coming to KY!!!
can an entourage consist of cats
happy birthdayy!: hope you have a GREAT one !
alskdjwoeirualkdsjfaoaeirw OMG BY WHO?!
love the shot!
you were totally in need of a VW van...perfect, Mo.
:
: Facebook was cool until all my notifications became event invites.
exactly for non sense events usually lol
I'll text you
haha.
nothing?
austin im almost donw making your video!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im so excited
Why do people have to make a simple task hard
thx 4 the RT...walking on clouds right about now
So much to do and so little time to do it
Rain poncho?
I must say, I'm really loving the new show Hell on Wheels on
HILARIOUS!
Auto correct is my worst enema.
Waiting at the post office.
Longest line ever...
Awesome night with family.
Tomorrow night kicks off the Eischens Yoga trial classes at 7:30pm!
Can't make it?
Come to our other trial class 8:00am Thursday!
Why does everyone think that marq was robbed?
Pac was the aggressive fighter!
RT : ITS ON TONIGHT EVERYONES RUNNING SINGLE ITS TIME 2PARTY IT UP COME GET YOUR doctorNK ON PPL IN SAN ANTONIO!!
Quality time with loved ones makes me happy!
I only listen to Wizzle Man 
I enjoy my life at home as much as I enjoy vacations we create our own world
Hahaha yeah!!
I'm like freaking out now lol X
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
LOL!
Not sure who needs the support more: my CSU Rams or our UNLVMBB team.
Still undecided on green or red.
The Eastern Europeans still have to start from somewhere ;
im going on so many trips in 2012!!
Best active recovery for extremely sore quads from sprints?
We are about to start a rolling marathon.
Off to list in Brownsburg
Welcome to Baltimore!
Hey everyone!
We're selling sweatshirts in Kimmel until 8:30pm.
Not many left, so get 'em while you can!
yeah it is making me sleepy
She is so funny, kind, and genuine.
Love her even more now.
yeah we could!
Reading your tweets from yesterday, and I'm not ashamed to admit that I liked Jackie O's retrospective!
I found it interesting!
Spanish Village on Almeda.
I've been a regular there since birth.
Was there Saturday for a family celebration.
Great.
The one week I doctorw the pole I get Jeff Gordon who hasnt won from the pole in 5 years.
woo pig sooey?
Trying to get a screen shot from Google Maps street view, but there's a UPS truck in the way.
Clicked refresh 5x, but it didn't doctorve away.
stupid .
so much .
nialler is perfect for me yknow
are you going back to your solo stuff since you're not in HMO anymore?
what happened to your fb???
D.C.
Zine Fest was fantastic and netted some cash for new stock.
Submit your zines for distro consideration!
How would you feel if I told ya you ain't worth the trouble
Was The Car Rose And Jack Had Sex In Really On The Titanic?
Great company and great collections tonight
She never accepts responsibility for anything.
She claims if we recorded our conversations I'd be mortified but if anyone else saw the way
What is really the value in learning about history, I wonder?
Eleanor Roosevelt kept busy with the Over the Coffee Cups radio show in 1941.
Get More Out of Life with Coffee.
I thought that might be the caseas a chaplain myself, I always watch out for my peeps!
What if I'm texting something/someone important?
You never know.
Future bash bros and KP3 BEARDOWN thanks for the in game tweets
RT : Romney's best answer in weeks...
like doctorke say over my dead body refuse to give up on life
for Rob Kasper book party.
Go tell him Arlo is hard to hear on TV.
knows all about getting internships as a student.
Let her help you!
Bring Lauren Berger to speak at your
ridin with a hoe named lisa eatin on pizza
Good morning.
You are loved.
agreed!
Fitness robots!!
A Lot of ppl talk about being about money but when it comes all down to it its all talk..
Grind hard or die of hunger..
Hi and thanks for the mention : Interesting tweets, I can get quick updates fast  Tammie
Lopez: The whole time I just kept saying over  over, 'Mommy loves you  I'll do anything for you if you fight, if you stay here with us.'
and literally just killed it!!
Well done ma girls!!
:
People don't like my honesty.
Grow up you fucks.
That was a pretty good nap !
Out of school....boring and shitty day
The Texas Tech bookstore promotes doctornking apparently by saying selling your books back can get you beer.
hahahaha
Filming some Liposonix treatments right now.
Will post the videos later!
Tomorrow night!!!
Club 212 Bunny Bash with DJ Smoke n DJ QBall
Another puppeteer!
We had do a puppetry demonstration / workshop at BCB this year.
Tonight the play the knicks at Bradley Center!
Who's gonna win?!
SBVillage: Turf goin up, zipping in construction, stages unfolding, fireice lounges being installed, media hub in St.
John's comin along!
I be tweaking man.
But fuck it you only have 1 life to tweak.
Dare you to add 'Go Packers' to your book's metadata, via 's new Atlas publishing platform...
This The Dictator movie looks like it'll be really funny Braindead Retards
Dear god.
We're not worthy!
Great weekend w/ parents  aunt in DC.
Now 1 more day of thesis!
Without struggle there's no accomplishment...
Handouts are for people who don't know what grinding is all about...
INNW is the official hashtag of the Digital Media Conference in Seattle, WA!
It's a digital world!
Join in!
Remind people that professort is the difference between revenue and expense.
This makes you look smart.
Scott Adams
I officially have no one left in my bracket
want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze.
First one.
Thx
Stoked for ...his single got added to reg rotation at two radio rations
When people say no  God can still say YES!
:
Apple Store: you have done good by me.
I want to kiss you all RIGHT ON THE LIPS
Thanks so much!!
We really appreciate it.
You keep in touch as well :
I flew everywhere with love inside of me..
Oohh...
Is there a link to an example?
That awkward moment when you've been asked a question in a meeting and you didn't hear it because you were staring at a huge booger...
nawww i don't encourage doctornking with my kids.
Wow!
That's awful...thanks for sharing your horror story...We would never let that happen in our dental practice
Keep an eye on AkwasiFrimpong's youtube channel.
Next week a short film on him will be launched called The Long Distance Sprinter.
You're most welcome.
Your name was too good to pass by.
is a huge influence on our music..most real artist out right now hands down
almost time!
I hate hatred
haha, of course.
I actually have all of Mika's albums.
need to raise the points?
thanks for the audio lesson do you have the notes for Financial Peace For The EntreLeader
Education is the road to human progress and the means through which every man, woman and child can realize his or her full potential...
youknowuwinning When the world is my lobster.
C'mon Hoosiers, you know the answer!
RT Question: From what illness did President Harrison pass away?
Tweet using
I'm posting the show as soon as I find a good screen shot of the both of us.
We made crazy faces.
wear nuetral colorspink.
Wait...
9,000 pages of UFOrelated papers and parliamentary questions recorded by Britain's Ministry of Defence from 1985 to 2007 released!
love my baby 3
i tell people about it, but am i really letting it out?
thanks for the RT
YOU CAN FUCK RIGHT THE FUCK OFF
He is we concert!
YAAAAAAAAY!!!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?3 it would mean the world to me333
another good selection but TV personalities are hugely influential.
Yup.
People are in more of a hurry and are more selfish and don't care who they put in danger in the meantime.
Can you say early DOMINATION!?!?
Well, these were the good times y'all
it's the Contraband
Ha!
Maybe!

Nobody's perfect...
that don't mean make da same mistakes over in over though
IF starters can go deep.
Bullpens getting eaten alive.

RT : yes!
id take it even further and say mass incarceration is bad policy period!
I get it all the time!
I wish some people saw what they had before it's to late.
thats so nice :
you have a blessed day as well!
fully agree social studies, social skills, how the stu fits into a historical and social context
The biggest brains in PDX are arriving for Pub Quiz.
why is that when i txt someone they take efing forever to txt back is it because its th morning????????
swing past the office next time you're in the neighborhood.
We'll give you the tour
45 minutes til showtime!
Unblurred Pittsburgh, at the Glassworks on Penn Ave.
Free show and cool glassmaking and glassart
need sleep
Because is the reason I'm still a fan and will always bleed Dodger blue.
The guy on the left might actually change my feelings toward contrast collars.
Classy.
And the angled clip?
Pro.
i reply,sorry its hard too see dm here ..ryt now..i have bad conection..
Just keep it close Clippers.
its the truth most people cant see past the outside
: Omg f this rain!
stop crying lil girl 
Notice now Espn had the Giants 9th in the power Rankings,They were way off because we 1 .
so sad, i guess
Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards.
Keith Richards
I do miss my mohawk..
Or at least the front part of it.
He did Not deserve to lose his life no matter what he was wearing ..A father just lost a Son.
Mother just lost a Son
From Kyle Andoctore  Emma Norton happyeaster everybody!
: down!
Aren't you going on your date with ?
I heard my downstairs neighbor's furnace running this morning.
Really, dude?
I slept w/a window open last night  it's gonna be 80 2day!
I really wish I had a life.
oh yeah and and other famous followed me !
WE HAVE PROBLEMS arghhhh omg yes
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 14
for lunch today.
Honestly, way better than The Melt
yeah girl.
And since 8
This could be the end of Jonathan Vilma's career as a starter.
He'll be 31 the next time he steps on a football field.
64 followers to go, and then we'll be giving away FREE design consultations!
But I understand now, it's always gonna be my fault at the end of the day.
At the mall with  galindo
Happy Mother's Day to you, Kathy!
In your buns tho!
Typical Patriots  Memphis fan!
SMH!
RT : Just had a great workout...i can feel it in my buns lol
Post your tickets on Antengo and easily reach thousands of local users in seconds!
It's free, check it out!
I believe it, but I refuse to.
I HAVE TO VACUUM AT LIGHTING SPEED BEFORE MY MOM GETS HOME.
CYA.
Looking forward to today's HAchat regarding what you love about blogging and reading blogs.
Feel free to chime in  starts at 3pm!
Wow!
I would love to live there.
I live in Vegas far from peaceful.
Lol :
And so it begins, the beginning of the end  I'm seriously gonna ball my eyes out OTH it's been a good 9 seasons!!
sounds good.
is cabin in the woods next weekend?
well I say duh, because she didn't write that song.
Thought we was good but you unfollowed: BYE:
thanks so much!!!
Make this money.
TOTES TRUE.
Session for AAR  crash course on these translations, Twitter, opeds, TV, everything  ?
Second half was wonderful to watch.
Wish the first had been as exciting.
There are TWO rules for ultimate success in poker: 1.
Never tell everything you know.....
Heyy Nate!
Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys in Pittsburgh last November?
Just started following someone who is trying to create a virtual forest of Elms by following every Elms on Twitter.
I have no idea what you are talking about...
I know, but I don't own Blade and I'm all out of pot.
For more detailed accounts of StirOSU, search the hashtag on Twitter!
Keep on Stirring it up!
you're welcome.
I'll check it out when it's ready.
How in the mother fuck should we have known that bullshit, all good doe
How well do you know your own mind?
Do you explore it's creative potential daily?
Do something Creative today just for the FUN of it!
I just use the Twitter app.
Best one I have used
If this continues to be a back and forth game, advantage North Carolina.
Follow doing BIg Things
ugh.
living alone is way better than roommates except in the middle of the night
She literally has sunshine coming out of he a!
haha still makes me laugh
Im retired.
I was tired yesterday and im tired again today.
You and Saussure.
trust me, i know.
kidding loveyou hah
dude you're dumb as  same sex marriage is no debate JustSayin it's retarded and I'm callin ur man out lol
So Tony Mecurio is finally going to be off the radio!!
At spooky empire at the celebrity poker tournament
ff my brother he's a cool cat
I hate the heats also I'm a true Bulls fan
lol yeah I guess it is!
But other account is better to me!
I want a lot of followers!
N this account I wanna follow!
Haha
this screams whosmoresheboygan.
Or maybe it's time for a new segment: Who's More Caledonia?
Tennessee's gateway to sexual activity is a joke!
What fools they are!
And the florida talks begins 
Summer 2012 the summer of ugly selfies.
My nap isn't going well with the pusy cats plus I need to make sure I hear the knock from tv repair man.
I needs butler
It's called TRINGLED.
A Darchuk/Lewallen Production.
Just ready to lock picture.
Then give us six weeks and we'll be out there.
no i am talking about all of baseball not just the yankees
We are all a single decision away from being in the best shape of our lives.
MindFirstFitness.
Woke up to this question in my mentions.
Reminds me of NASCAR on Feb.
19, 2001.
RT : Do you think the NFL will be around in 10 years?
Burlesquing!
Come see my show on December 11th if you're not sitting through 546 screenings.
DO NOT SEND ME SHIT LIKE TH S!!!
i KNOW ITS A SCAM!!!
We're off to the National Press 53 Party!
Continue on here with the fun.
We'll return later.
and then I heard the lady say Justin told everyone to listen to this song and now it's at
The King!!!
Great song choice :
21st century babysitting: Justin Bieber movie, popcorn, bedtime.
aw yea
Image uploading is fixed!
Make DC Wiki pretty with images to your heart's content now 
Things like that would happen to me.
Just woke up from a nap....
I think.
Trying to figure out how I even got to bed to knock out do 3hours!
WTF.
the second set of missing babies this week that I know.

if I start to snore please shake me.
bestfriendforlife would go get that tat with me YA ASS
how's the pornstar thing coming?
Heading to Devil's Alley tonight because I want a burger.
Anyone who wants to come out and have a doctornk with me for my Birthday text me.
yes we do need to meet this time.
I was in your Signals session but had to leave right at 4:30.
Nice job!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst with money movement experience.
Long term contract.
let me know if you or anyone in your network is in
Sunsety.
I know right: 33 he can make ANYBODY smile: 3
Oh wait..
shoot.
I registered for class on 24th,  just realized ur actually probs talking about one on 23rd?
Why can nothing stay a secret!
you're going to the game, right?
Hey thanks for that RT!
I agree, we should all eat more chocolate.
I'm eating chocolate covered almonds right now!
Oh, that's adorable.
Chip Kelly GoDucks RT 11,802 at uwhuskies' spring game today at CenturyLink Field.
Lmao call me retarted but I'm just tryna do the right thing 
I half expected that to be a picture of a thick, hairy dick...
Highlights Magazine.
Sign me up.
Well then.
You'll make a lot of impatient friends happy tonight, I guess.
LOL
Learning never exhausts the mind  Leonardo da Vinci
Chicagos neighborhoods have always been the citys greatest strength.
Jane Byrne
i gotta pee too .
If this gets 10 rts, I will post a picture of me : so get to retweeting.
Hahah
Another weekend of doing nothing...
The awkward moment the elevator smells like abercrombie and cigarettes.
:/
Your welcome :
Are you getting a new P.O box?:
Boys do not like showin their emotions...
I CANT SLEEP ill try to
who's still at school?
o:
Whole bunch of people graduating.
with undergrads  with his Masters.
Congrats to all!
Old man, if your gonna complain about stupid brat kids that go to school here get your fat ass off campus.
doctorve a bus somewhere else!
Now I remember why I love baseball: the color commentary from the fans in the stands.
T3.1: All women want to be mothers.
myth Pregnancy is no big deal.
Sweet victory at
my best to him on such a happy day.
ok HAPPYHOLIDAYS have a nice and MerryChristmasEVE to all and ill be back later
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Information Session last night!
Together we WILL improve the lives of Baltimore's foster kids!
I miss playing CrashBandicoot; I started playing it again right before I left.
thanks hun.
How are u?
Life is great : 
oh I see.
Isn't the ave Maria catholic?
Why are they called 'Jolly Ranchers'?
Who said that the ranchers were jolly?
Great, thanx : And how are u?
Klout thinks I'm influential about Pope, not THE Pope, just Pope.
And no doubt this tweet will verify that Pope Pope Pope!
10 Things I Hate About You Soundtrack represent!!
also, anniversaries call for celebration!
I'm sure there'll be lots of opportunities at
Time for some to watch the WHL Hockey finals!
Oh and the Lakers!
LAKERSNATION we got this...
time to steal a game!!!
What's making you guys unfollow me?
Depends on what state you're in.
Texas: will, bureaucratic states in Yankeeland: living trusts.
Not the prettiest Cinco de Mayo, but at least the rain is done.
Warm up with some hot salsa from or
DJs, have you been to an awesome concert this break?
Or, have you listened to a really good album!?
You should write a review for our blog!!
FYI mp3 is available for download on houstonflashmob.com
You're only happy when it stains!
Sorrycouldn't resist Katie:D
Happy Early Birthday!
A whale exploded in taiwan
I can't get over how awesome last night and this morning were.
After b2b hockey games I am happy to be staying up way too late doing absolutely nothing.
Sometimes nights in alone are needed.
Many thanks responding and tolerating me.
Looking forward to your piece on
24 hours away.
well well well, welcome to the tweet game !
Follow this scholarly gentleman my friends!
Ah....just enjoying an everything cookie with some ice cold milk!
YUM!!
:o Can I join you?!
That's perfect!
3
quality save tonight
Real ppl are hard to find
Oh this is getting ugly
psssssssst...
Hey, buddy...
We can get you some scrapple...
I'm not good at it...but I love playing Words With Friends.
I'm sure there's a metaphor there.
The Cloud of human representatives too heavy fell in the yet killing departure of the decimal.
thanks for following me.
in honor of watching deatproof, THATISALL ;P
I feel like I'm the only black person looking at any of these sites.
Fulldisclosure: I'm not part of the hiphop generation or whatever.
Thanks to Paula's cat.
Love the name!
RT My cat Luigi wishes that your life may be a ball with a bell in it.
...dazzled by the light, fried and melting from the heat...
Ok twitter im sorry you know I love you3
Completely demotivated today.
Would you like us to fedex one to you on the road?
Rap single feat.
Cypher in the works
New Montgomery and Mission today, 11:302pm.
Running a new Kale pie with green garlic, spring onion, mozz, EVOO
Happy hour with Vonda Brown...
No better way to end a Tuesday!
it's the right knee.
love it
Got to sit on the stage while NSN played!
Awesome night, got to meet Hayden and Taylor!
Heyy every body UNFOLLOW ME ASAP NOW and follow new twitter
Hey!
Today of all days is a FREE coworking day at NextSpace SJ!
Join us today because...
come on...
Working Alone SUCKS!
ur welcome beauty is always suppose to b recognize
IWish I could kill the Chinese language.
People who text me and start conversations then take forever to reply ANNOY me!
My birthday is in 12 days.
Goodness time flys!
Wow...
it was a tornado on the sun...smh
It's already been 2 days.
Since I smoked a cigarette.
:D.
good night lover
didn't think it couldn't happen but in this shortened season, Spurs get 50 WINS again!
The world will not end if he doesnt like you back.
You will get over him Promise.
Took the top off the Jeep today.
Fun times, but paying for it now with a sunburn.
Hi!
I didn't know anything about that party
No, just ocasionally.
You got lucky :P
Call me on FaceTime !
Or Skype !
Bored
my mom not letting me cum again, im really mad and so done.
She like nato this n nato that.
Can i meet u sumwhere to giv u
Ben:have u ever played Hey Cow?
Courtney;have U been listening to me talk to the other girls?
71683 Dome W interference f Bundy/Sawyer, Reed pins JYD to win title.
Classic feud begun.
Reed great MS heel
im not following but I still se his tweets on my timeline?
Listening to some swing Jazz sounds good, love the stand up Bass.
haha back on the tweet game
NO STRINGS ATTACHED!
RT Someone give me a cute love movie to watch?
Congrats to on his engagement yesterday.
Happy for ya man.
My attitude is fuck it.
Get your Portland State Football Season tickets today as they play in the newly renovated JeldWen Field.
Getting a little frustrated that my doctors and home care nurses aren't communicating.
Sometimes my I.Q.
goes from 165 to about 14 when there's a hot girl around.
yikes!
That's crazy
I'm not complaining that they're always away from home.
I just find it ironic that last year they here all the time and now they're not.
PREACH IT!/ RT fuck love, I'm tired of trying.
About to see speak at Memorial Union.
It's a good day.
Forgot to wear my I 3 Uranus shirt.
FANNY PAK BETTER LEAVE
Do you believe in what you can't see?
our last day is the 20th i think .
next tuesday .
And it's now 98...
Which is why it should have STAYED split screen
right now!
you and your dog are so cute.!
hope ur having a great day!!!
could i get a follow back from u???
i would like to know more about choose 180
happy dilemma: I gave a lady a free initial consultation yesterday  she sent me money anyway via paypal  oh no  what to do?
RT: RT Ron Paul leads Rick Perry, 9 votes to 4.
I'm having flashbacks to AlabamaLSUhahaha nice!
Hey make sure your band or your friends band loads a video to the site, I've check and you haven't yet!
For shame!
lol
Fuck I don't want to study.
awe thank you so much, love!!!
means alot, glad you liked it :
Coffee to keep up w/ the little one!
Geez!
Devonte need to hurry up  call me back
thnxs for the follow
I got nothing but love for you
Wait I lied it's 3 more.
I may or may now be playing Pokemon Gold right now thanks to you finding that on
Good Morning..:
Glazed tiles are made the same way that unglazed are, except that a glass wear layer, or glaze, is applied.
baby you light my world like nobody else 
If only we worked like God, and when apologized to, we forgot about it.
OUS dont want a prez, they want a puppet RT Who would want to be the next pres after seeing how they treated Lariviere?
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it's possible
Papandoctorou  Berlusconi dumped.
But what of Merkel  Sarkozy who came up with a completely idiotic comprehensive solution just 2 weeks ago
They make some great machines.
New Raustiala/Sprigman post on Freakonomics about the copyright lawsuit against the Beastie Boys, for stuff they sampled a...
my bad G, things have been over the top since I last spoke to you.
Projects falling off and new projects coming in.
What's good?
yesir my boy!!
I'd personally rather see ElizabethWarren Nude than
Yes.
It's vile to accuse someone of being a racist.
Physical wounds heal faster than damage to ones reputation.
Happy hour.
At the Radio Room.
Cool patio.
11th and Alberta NE.
Could this be a new haunt?
so ur gorgeous
Somebody should a doll and buy me Tank new cd
Saturday 81 degrees Sunday 83 degrees.
Can't wait for Vegas!!
Thank you!
It was awesome!!
Kinderfgarten?
German...
LOL!
Good for you!
I truly appreciate your support regardless if you were there or not.
Thank you so much.
It's cnnheroes not cnnheros.
Remember the e guys!!!
I may be the only guy in the world that likes talking about my feelings
Hey Carly, follow me maybe?
..
do u have a kik?
Its a texting app
I'm Not About To Keep On Playing With You.
I thought Austins 'big announcment' was gonna be something better but I'm still happy for the mahomies who'll get to see him again
hah I can tell!
He was good in Inglorious Basterds too don't forget!!
I think I'm going to dl his recent on shame
how about some more comfortable chairs?
uff da.
josh just told me that the hannah girl deleted her twitter i guess
Ha.
Pardon, there was a cat is going to be my new explanation for everything.
And yes!
That was 1 of mine too.
Thanks!
thanks, I may have to take you up on that.
Will have a lot to figure out within the first few weeks!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
I think I have a huge crush on c:
yeah.
Have you?
started his climbing rampage today.
He's a very good climber.
thanks for the following reccomendations!
they help 3
wow...Metta World Peace is still being mean on the court...like always...he's still being a ...
jdy2012 live tweeting dinner w
On a plane getting ready for takeoff, catching up on Twitter  feeling very motivated  even w losing 1 hrthis is gonna be a good wk!
And all the while my dept chair is calling and texting me.
Just made cream cheese, honey  soy crostini and pasta with peas  ricotta!
Thanks for the recipes :
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
Albert Einstein
Thank you, Terry.
It was a pleasure talking to you this morning.
Thank you for a great event.
Thanks for the scholarships to your top 200 camp names coming soon you no who you are thanks 5star rl9.
Chinese lady handed me red envelope at the y  sweet
Playing Art Calendar PLINKO at the SCAD Art Materials Tradeshow.
Very fun!

They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our doctorne back.
With just a knife.
Time to invest in diapers and antibiotics.
So mad right now!
I'm so done!
What is Santa Monica the patron saint of anyway?
let us know how we can help!
Thnks
I agree.
If Bills are 26, VY  the guy.
I, however, hope they aren't 26.
That's what I meant by last series of tweets.
Why waste time hating people for having the things you want?
Appreciate the things you have and SHUT THE FUCK UP.
I always doubt the wisdom of a major corp trying to get me to go to someone else's website
Thats not even just a Central sayin
nah I'm in school right now
As the corporate world turns...
Early AM suit clad photos doctorss the day!
I'm very sorry for your loss
Tonight at The Anchor Bar come see some great live music starting at 9:30pm and don't forget about 6 Liters and great college football.
Loved your use of the word triathletic!
what pedals do you use on listen to your love?
They sound perfect!
RT : DIDYOUKNOW People who own pets live longer, have less stress, and have fewer heart attacks
Whats up fort worth happy new years stay safe its alot of haters..
Things are starting to look up!
That Meek Mill doctorp yet?
watsup shoot me a text....four one two..four five two....two seven zero four..
It's sunday night and I'm at work but I want to be home with my wife.
Hey Vermes, maybe you need to stop blaming the ref and start taking responsibility for failing to adapt.
Everyone has the teams number.
As someone who does post openings, I would say both.
JD Souther, not quite the new kid on the block, sings his New Kid in Town at
I could be there by 9 tonight.
Or sometime this weekend?!
Hey UNM students!
Comedy?
has a booth by the duck pond until 2pm this afternoon.
You can enter to win tickets to our show tomorrow night
Uni Virgin?
Try the Santa Barbara Sea Urchin; it's slightly sweet, oh so smooth, and is served as sushi or on our Angus Tenderloin...
Wow...
Only 500 words for ALL elections.
;o I look forward to reading/hearing her thoughts though...
I love ssbbws because they are more aggressive in fucking
im getting old , welps ready to head to KC .
You're one in a million once in a lifetime.
You made me discover why there's stars above us.
We could play house
Just a few more days to take advantage of our Holiday Membership specials!
Great savings.
I just can't help it if bugs me.
Listen, doublespacing after endofsentence punctuation is over!
Ya hear?
Over!
I was wiped out after our Napa adventures but I'm sad to have missed it!
When you're my age, you'll understand.
Haha.
:
Went to the Smithsonian to see a exhibit on Slavery/President Jefferson's Monticello titled paradox of liberty.
The mood was somber  quiet
New discovery..My sandless sandbags work great as a metered watering system for organic gardening.
The bags seep moisture continuously
Hoping he'll stay away from No Holds Bard
Had a Great Night!
Hopefully this stomach flu goes away!
Oh and no longer Single ;
Isn't Wisconsin weather fun?
Celebrate it by watching OutdoorWisconsin tonight at 8 on MPTV 10.
Easter Paloma tasting: What I thought was the cab was actually the 09 Merlot.
Vin Scully will miss today's Dodgers game because of a cold.
It's the second home opener he's missed during his 63 seasons with the Dodgers.
know lambda and tuning forks and then like frequency for sound and light and know how to find color by solving for lambda thing
wine bought local radio station loud night young fiesta ahora!
We've released a NEW build of ripple.com today at 12:21pm PST!
Go enjoy new features, bug fixes, etc.
Private sharing, one day at a time!
Too steep for me with no time for NFL this year.
But the radio ads told me you could get it over the internets.
You can't easily commute in the middle of a 40hr train ride.
Lots of offduty employees receiving room and board.
I don't watch much bb anymore but try to catch this game.
Reminds me of ACC intensity during 70's and 80's...
it was amazing!
u need to watch it!!
I highly recommend it!
so funny!
Why are privacy policies in the school setting rare?
Hate when my girlfriend falls asleep
Just picked up Guilt By Association by Marcia Clark.
J.
Ellroy cover blurb: You must read this book.
Can't say no to that
My Prayers go out to the Families of the victims of this Horrible Tragedy of the 8.9 Quake and Huge Tsunami hitting Japan just an hr ago.
well WVU never gets 4 or 5 star recruits, so if I was a WVU fan I probably wouldn't retweet anything either.
Choose a whole wheat tortilla for your burrito to get more nutritional value out of your meal.
happy birthday :
Tickets for MWUX12 go on sale at HIGH NOON today.
Be one of the first 50 to get earlybird pricing.
...
Todays African Proverb The clan of I will do it was overtaken without having done it.
Like Unlike
Thank you for getting me hooked on sushi.
I now crave it nearly every single day.
I'm puttin the rubber boots on the bs is getting thick on this mf
Planning out my first collection.
You're gonna LOVE it.
kids A Salute to Leroy Anderson  More: A Salute to Leroy Anderson  More Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 4:00 PM First United Methodist Church...
le waits for Alex to tweet an emotional tweet.
um, whatever you say...
Chapter 2012 Page 62 of 366 Thankful for divine intervention.
Some business issues require a higher power
When.
People.
Type.
Like.
This.
The.
Voice.
Inside.
My.
Head.
Takes.
Pauses.
Oh so it's that kinda party ?
75 of what I read on NYTimes is 538, which I tend to access through rss.
I wonder if they have a twitter feed instead.
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
Awww...that's sweet.
Thank you Michael!
If you only knew
Won't see anybody for a long time...months...I'm in a boarding school...goodbye
then I must feel invisible
show some love show sum luvvv
If u follow us, ur an O's fan.
It should be YOUR personal mission to help us packtheyard.
Recruit.
Spread the word.
Make a difference.
Wow he went from HC.
To coaching DBs in a year...
The mighty fall fast and hard
My four yr old niece is vacuuming all by herself.
Ten mins ago, she was helping me foil my moms hair.
how much they runnin this year?
and i cant wait to buy mine, just lets you know the season is near
omigawddd time to WERK out!
F human metabolisms!
Why thank you!
Go figure ...
more PR's tonight!
is finally single.
Now I can find her a nice boy and hook them up and my matchmaking will be back in business :D
Really who the hell cares what the media says you should know by now they full of shit
Your FB account must be private.
Because your albums tell the story...
Tha ONLY thing I'm rooting for is hits to both QB's.
May they both get pummeled and end in a tie.
Old man told me to check ripeness of watermelon by standing on it.
If it breaks, it's ripe.
WHAT THE HELL?
none of them.
: What's the best ad so far?
SB46
Basically I hate long days like this
Still think the celtics win this game by 10 for some reason.
Don't ask me why
Send it to me, bro.
What the fuck
RT : Street Fair on Broadway!!
thatakwardmoment when you scrolling down on your iPhone on Facebook and you randomly like someone statusphoto and you barely know them.
Still want to find some more arm circuits though
I will, he is about a block away from our HQ!
will be in tomorrow with it to talk to him.
In early pages of THE TWO DEATHS OF DANIEL HAYES by  so far, so good.
I've enjoyed all his books.
Today's Question: Which fruit has a variety known as Winter Banana?
Accessible instructional materials for students with disabilities enrolled in UW System or Technical College System bill passes Assembly
when are you guys touring again?!
wait..
you're in Boston?
For how long?
When what you are doing isn't working, you tend to do more of the same and with greater intensity
Girl on entire ferry ride had conversation with nobody  no cell phone!
When I do it, I at least tell myself to shut up after 5 mins
I hate stressing myself for the unknown.
HAPPYEASTER to all!
im sorry about that ; it wont happen again; hows ur day goin by the way
: If you're from Memphis, let's get this started early.
LET'S GO GRIZZLIES!!!!!!
RT!
Let's get it!!!
It's do or die!!!
Keep reading your essay and finding new reasons to love it.
Laugh lol lmao that is funny
Instead of watching the Republican debate tonight, I watched Beginners.
I chose wisely.
Monday Motivation: Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Mark Twain quote Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
I hope everything is okay for you love.
I know what your going through if you wanna talk : My uncle's funeral is Friday 3
I've not had to look at those stupid Twitter trends in a long while.
So much better.
Tried keeping my head up all day..even though i feel like crying right now
You Have A Ustream!?
Here is Poised Creation's link to all the major music industry news!
goo.gl/8pGIe
Limited Edition SNO Shirt's Get some they are going quick!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
College enrollment gap for 2010 greater than 10 percent: among high school graduates, 74 of women enrolled in college, 63 of men.
bloodforge looks interesting too.
Someone help this headache go away
Off To Bed.
Turns Off Phone
Taking Haddie to her first baseball game.
Come on Clippers, give her a reason to ring her bell.
u said u wish u could sing like mariah carey
Lets go Rangers!!!
that's certain event bro
There's a Yolo county in California.
I should move there because yolo...
JK
Nothing wrong with a straight up pizza pie.
Pies are 8.95 during HH
Kings speech doctornking game begins now
I don't know what I want, so don't ask me.
Guess there will be no more procrastinating on my holiday cards now that comcast outage has left me without interwebz
Just got home
Can 't wait til Twitter is hack proof.
Congrats!
Wishing you lots of blue!
One of the most important ways of getting money is the form of direct advertisement method.
www.millionwaystomakemoneyonline.com
ugh new york times magazine this week ugh
Simply offensive.
RT : Best part about impending summer: time 2 whip out the Bud Light Lime  Miller Chill.
We sold out of vendor space!
Seriously?
A freaking snake?
I had em winning, but Purdue deserved it
happy bday Erica!
Last season's 1st nono was against the WhiteSox, Liriano of the Twins on May 3.
hey Ryan, I head this little rumor that you are following people, so what about me?: Love ya Ry3
Making a hall pass
At work BORED as fuck.
It's 420, we should start smoking ...these ribs so that they're ready in time for the community BBQ.
Countdown till the 12th
I am so excited to see in LA!
A project for work, how are you?
Culture concepts is looking good.
um so brantley gilbert is performing on july 14th, you and i have to go
Pisses me off when guys don't have common courtesy.
You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes...and by try i mean hold people at gun point, you get what you need
Classinthecity.com launches in just a few hours!
Suggestions happily accepted over the next week for how to better the blog!
Welcome to Twitter stud;
nice.
It will be warm here but it has also been pouring.
Beautiful day and I'm going to school
18 days and I graduate college.
Yea boi!!
42 dodgers.
pirates put in new pitcher.
it's okay we cool
Office Depot Hits Estimates in Solid Quarter
It may just be me, but it seems that something is really bothering Tosca.
The moment when you walk into the wrong restroom.
get older friends
listening to music, hbu?:
I forgot to mention that the .98 price is for the paperback.
Can't beat the novel's markdown!
thanks boo!!!
3
oh, absolutely.
And then a reliever can get one by throwing one inning, or even one pitch
join showchoir they said.
It'll be fun, they said.
Just got word that Baltimore City's newly created opendata platform is almost ready for beta!
More details VERY soon!
Club Nikki open Vodka Bar tonight from 1030 til 12.
LA's DJ Sourmilk is spinning on the ones and twos.
Hit me up!
'08!
: When starts playing Burning Up by the JBros  throwback
hey you there
Its my time!
About to prove why I call myself Future of Music :
Lets see a hat trick tonight against the Hawks!
Winky the cat helping again in the art studio...
paint brushes are delicious
big things happening with in the near future!
What is wrong with people??
First time since start I've woken up to a gigantic bruise on top of my foot.
Doing it wrong, or finally getting it right??
Haha
world premiere!!!!
hey thanks for following back...
:
I hope you can recover from this injury and be back next season
Did you know?
When you buy from a family owned local business 4060 stays in the community.
Starting a new side project today that hinges a major piece of functionality on xdirection scrolling.
Cool or awful?
RT : Library Data Geeks!
Anybody know of any publicly available mappings from LCSH to DB/Wikipedia?
I'm so disgusted with dwade rite now
I'm so sorry about Angel!
Feel Better3
thanks.
hand't heard of anyone recruiting just for long snapper
yea I was wondering where u were!
Minnesota History Center tonight!
Got some tasty White Burgs on deck??
Im not to bad, how about you??
Sometimes Facebook confuses me.
Stop pulling fast ones on me.
k thx.
A little worried about how sick I am, 3 a.m.
booty call  I didn't bother to answer.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Taiohae
Good Morning World!!!!
Today is my non belly button b'day.
I am a toddler now celebrating 2 years.
Walking steady.
I am blessed and thankful.
Year 3 starts now :
Good morning.
Only 36 minutes until polls open.
Vote ROSS FOR SHERIFF  criminal justice reform, public safety, crime down, money saved.
Angie Hicks from Angie's list starting her talk
Medical Chart Notes : Large brown stool ambulating in the hall.
Any Fab Flea Finds to share with us?
Hope you made it.
i honestly don't know lol.
But i dye my hair different colors,listen heavytechno stuff practlically everything,tease hair
Stay tuned.
We will be making a number of exciting announcements over the next month.
The walls around your heart may protect you from situations and people, but they close you off from your inner guidance.
Maybe you could be mine again
Awww yeah that was a rough way to go out!
Doing well.
Really enjoy my job We'll have to catch up sometime
run!
comon!
the more pints the faster you get!
Hailstorm that came out of nowhere
What a performance by the Badgers.
They clicked on all cylinders today.
A moment to say THANK YOU!!!
for what u do!
Congrats AAF Oklahoma City D10 Large club of the year!
Just saw the downtown fiction on e news...
haha what?
thanks to that clutch homer from Rios.
I hope to see more of that.
I'm blasting off to mars and you know I'm not stopping
CELLULITE  CIRCULATION:  doctor brushing  Organica Jane's Natural Hand Remedy  Essential Oils of Grapefruit and Cypress  Exercise  Sauna
killed tonight!
how so?
It's awkward when a gay citizen doesn't support marriage equality..
You do have the right to your own opinion, but maybe you're confused :
Time to take a poll Who has ever been in an online relationship that turned into a real relationship after you met in person?
Thanks for sharing I love that video you sent me.
Have a great workout and a blast at the show tonight!
RT : BRONCHO and will be releasing a brand new BRONCHO music video on Cinco de Mayo!
Stay tuned....
lol smart girl
What does the biggest name in HS hoops  current 76er Jrue Holiday have in common?
Both played vs.
St.
Ed's in high school
I think Brad needs a haircut!
Did he even wash it before the red carpet?
It's smallbusinesssaturday  shop local today!
Happy Birthday !!
:
When you doctoram about work perhaps that is a sign that you are working too much.
When will this month end!
shoutouts to u bro.
I see u gettin it and that slap contest was hella funny...
I need somebody to save me from this big bad earthquake that is supposed to happen soon!!!?!?!!?
:
Hi, Joey!
What's up?
RT MikeWesely: Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo da Vinci.
via
I love you...and your beautifulness.
A lovely breakfast at Macy's Coffee House.
How mountain hippie chic!
Wow, I tried, but oh well.
Always a good decision!!
: This is the 3rd day I've had eggfast!
Lol not healthy at all!!
I NEED TO READ A GOOD FAN FIC!
which one is it?
Link please?
: xo
has been off the hook since 9pm.
Mardi Gras is insane!!!!
You rock
Thanks!
RT : Best of luck!
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 21
and an inaccurate job description for all : If HR ruled the world ...
It would be a better place.
;
come out and watch the avon doctormline perform at the high school today!
Watching Reds pregame show..
They mentioned UK coaches being at game and you could hear lots of cheers in background
bet thhat bro if you know some ppl let me know bro..preciate the luv
Most women want a sensitive man who is also a leader
Open the jars and smell for yourself why we are the best!!
Open till 9 no appointment necessary!
5.00 on our prerolled joints :
First snow of the year forecast for the Portland area tonite.
Who out there already has snow on the ground?
sorry Lil I just had to
So true!
: I want a person who comes into my life by accident and stays on purpose.
I was wondering if you would be the one to answer this.
: Thanks, I'm prepping for a Twitter class and looking for examples
Timbers tie 0  0 against Columbus.
Did we won one point or did we lose 2.
Time to evaluate the strategy.
Success is like going to the gym.
It's a lot of hard work at first, but in time, its gonna look and feel good Legoo Get In The Gym!!!!
Great effort!
the internal paradigm is also a barrier.
even w/  planning and evaluation is restrictive in complex environment.
Definition of insanity  doing the same thing over and over again, while expecting different results.
just incase ur not in school tomorrow can i has ur gym locker combo?
lol
That really was a good play though
Do you mean the go go global  makura in Chicago?
Very nice
Happy Cinco de Mayo weekend!!
did you get it?
Thanks George Bowers!!
I was sketchy about Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner, but he knocked it out of the park.
i really, really hope you are confessing to being leroy jenkins.
that would be amazing :
Well, It's official.
Just had to pay for Gmail.
Ran out of space for the second time and don't want to delete anything important.
Waiting to greet as she steps off the and then we'll be flaneurs Mood ring: a perfect Sunday groove.
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, Change.
You must make the Choice to take the Chance if you want anything to Change.
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the doctorg daily
Interesting stuff, How about WK 3, NYG on the road vs CAR a PK, then WK 12 CAR a 7 point road dog to the Eagles
Altered reality check: bid to take Kony campaign to the streets goes to pot  Sydney Morning Herald
True story RT : Writing when you don't feel like it is HARD.
Goodbye twitter, will miss you a lot more than you imagine :
haha not ?
Whatever :D I hope it isn't bad that I write to you : whaddaya doin ?
It is absolute heaven to work in a building with a ...
Coffee and Blueberry Scone to celebrate Friday!
Just Woke Up From A Cute Jittle Nap :P
That's what you get for being mister Quick Mod Responder!
no.
That's 17 responses to the page.
Those aren't the sigs.
All of the previously received are archived.
Check email.
I'm assuming you love him, too?
He's amazing.
I go in at 2 to!
Lol I know.
I'm about to be at work early af so I'm going to chill with her for a bit.
: Lets be clear....
This is No COUNTRY for slandering Jordans  Cargo shorts!!...
Now back 2 your regularly schedule program.
Besides me Who Up
Man kids are expensive!
Maddy's lucky I love her because she's costing me a pretty penny lol
just realized about the gluten free diet  check out 's New Grist.
It's the best gluten free beer I've had.
ok but your last name is french and uou have blonde hair and blue eyes.....
hmm : i'm columbian honey : x
folow back ya.
CHALLENGE!
Let Fit2Go be your ReSolution.
Write the name of your friend on this wall post and get him/her to Like your comment and...
in a hardhitting investigation, the NY Daily News found 1st Class n Priority Mail are the SAME THING.
So save urself 4 and go 1st class.
Enjoy the book, get ready....your faith will be challenged to new levels!
staff
holy shit.
you got it in with fernandothe shit stain and getting hit on by russel in one day lmao?
ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL told me i was beautiful 3
Ooh I'll check out now.
Thanks for the tip!
Hope you're doing well!
I think the narrative is fed by NCAA coaches who claim to be inspirational leaders of men, write books on how to live, etc.
's startup competition tomorrow May 3rd at  check it out!
innovative startups on fire the whole night!
thanks for your interest.
We're working hard on getting distribution in Germany.
Soon!
ain't no worries
It's the nation's first cloud that brings public data from the City of Chicago, Cook County  the State of Illinois into one open portal!
You really thought you could talk to me like that hahaha
Considering naming my firstborn child after a fine establishment which I discovered, postreading, in Lexington KY: Hugh Jass Burgers.
you're crazy!
Hmm...I feel like telling some jokes..
lol
Certain Death 1.0 Tournament Now in Session!
Hosted by Gunmetal
In order to shine outwardly...you first have to shine inwardly.
Whatever you lack on the outside you can usually find the problem inside!
OH at the dianegoodman event: Is the lovely doctor Goodman in the house?
Had the women at the gym change the channel to jeopardy.
Attended Mass at Old St Marys
Okay, I don't care how small your cock is as long as you have a nice ass.
Asians usually do.
u want to make love or walk away  u dum bitch ugh
he like but
I'm doing better now.
:
Every opportunity is once in a lifetime.
Second opportunity is never the first.
Remember this morning when I said I was going to write?
Just getting started now.
If I laugh I don't cry!
Lol!
I did!
Searsucker pants boy!And the matching zombie cake?
Who gains weight for a wedding?
My newest great realtor Ashleigh Vasi wrote, Be like a postage stamp stick to one thing until you get there.
Yo, bro.
Can you talk tomorrow?
Around 7 pm your time?
We got bigi time biz to discuss.
Sometimes family will screw u over
aint heard from you in a hot min just seen the pics from stl you looked like you was killing shit wish I was three though
I left my device at Beekman.
Need to come get it.
Any suggestions on where to go for chicagocraftbeerweek?
Your threat of exposure has won the day.
I know you're just puzzled.
I'm the missing piece..
shout us out!!!
We are doing cinematic music videos for 700 ONLY for the month of February!!1
Ha ha.
No worries.
Thanks!
I'm pretty sure you have alot ti say!
Why is this clinic so busy at 7am!?
Found an unused giftcard from three birthdays ago.
Hello, dipytiqye fragrances and Shisiedo serums!
Many people in what has been a lively late night crowd are calling it good after that 4run half inning.
Damn you !
Waiting for Diablo 3.
Site is down.
Stop the Flop!
I just had my hands all over Gerald Laird!
That's what I am to you?
Crap...
I would have said my Facebook Friend!
or wife's exboss!
; 
Refs already a factor in this one.
Just like last game...Davis hit with an early touch foul.

at least 1 benefit of Moorad not taking over re: Petco's shorter fences.
Onfield product MUST improve!
listen to WendyRobin  ITunes!!
We need a good abq cover band who knows how to get the party started for March 4th!!
Send your links and demos ASAP!!!!!!!
Willis and doodleberries
Or, as the SO says, at a hooker hotel on the West Side.
streaming Amaryllis shinedown Amazing so far!!!
it ALL sounds good to me!!
Perhaps.
I think Canelo/Cinco De Mayo weekend combo inflated buys.
To what degree?
That I don't know
Basant Montaser, Egyptian woman: Women are 40 of Egypt's pop, but form only 2 of parliament.
Woos to tha hoos.
Ha ha.
I'll have to use that some time.
RT : many woo to tha 'hoos in 2012!
Woo hoo!
Bwahaha true that.
I was thinking of from We The Kings.
is a beast...go chiefs
have we moved 'professorssionalization' outside of grad programs?
I think it's reflective of our culture
hey how are you :
Total turnover.
WOW Quick.
what do we have to do to win the passes??
ff the amazing
MAudio AV40 Monitors
In SettingsMail select your Gmail acct.
AccountAdvancedMailbox Behaviors, what's your setting for Deleted Mailbox?
is a kungpowwitch brewin up a lot of
That didn't look good.
RT : NOT ANOTHER INJURY!!!
Does God hate the Brewers??!
latest Sun Magazine is terrific.
Chock full of 175 years of stories!
Special shout out to Stoop loyalist David Ettlin!
FF  USC's University Club offers hearty  sumptuous meals for our USC faculty, postdocs and senior staff.
piano man was one of the most chilling performances I've ever seen.
And I've seen a LOT
Never got so many phone numbers in one day
haha I know I'm great
LOL isnt following anyone at all.
Hey my sexy doctorad head
I hate seeing something or finding out something you wish u hadn't
POOF BE GONE....BITCH!!!
you know I never had to run game, I was/is straight forward.
Reggae Tonight!
At for with
54 degrees n IN n the 1st week of February, very strange weather since it just doesn't seem right, I need my snow  sledding time :
UGH THIS CHILD
ROW: Maiden voyage for young rowers at Saratoga Invitational WITH VIDEO
Good for Harang.
RT : FormerReds pitcher Aaron Harang has allowed just 1 earned run and 4 hits in 8 innings for the Dodgers.
Mad at me dnt knw y want to fix it
My head is throbbing.
Too many shots last night.
Wahh 
where have you been all my week?
Too much energy and time is wasted on meaningless things that we place way too much value on that's not justified in God's eyes.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead.
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow.
Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Albert Camus
Don't want to go to work today feeling lazy Oo
is trying to be my pimp or something lol
A term I've heard a lot recently that best describes how I feel about Facebook right now: 'stabby.'
shop at my mall www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams thousands of stores at your fingertips!
I just doctorpped off a huge bag of candy at school for my daughter.
She needed it for a project.
Am I gullible or what?
you have to look to something that gives u strength.
I lost my nephew in August to cystic fibrosis
The word struggle is the understatement of the year
thanks for following us!
Please let us know if there's anything Phil's Friends can do for you.
Blessings on your day!
I just made myself breakfast in bed.
Take that, busy people!
Indiana is shooting over 66 for the game!!
I sense a regression towards the mean coming in the 2nd half.
Heh, good to know it's not a total bomb...kinda want to check it out myself.
another time!
Letters to Juliet is the new Notebook I loved it!!
So grateful for my own true love story and can't wait to go to Italy!
Just because I doctornk strawberry smoothies, lady who gave dirty look, doesn't mean I do the horrific things that went through your head.
how was your day Niall?
Enrique Iglesias new on the rap scene.
He's going Ruben Studdard on the game.
Have you heard the new John Mayer record yet?
no kidding!
Who do you think will go home?
We will be giving a tshirt in one hour!
Today is Dia de los Muertostell us how you are celebrating and RT for a chance to win!
Trains are cool as long as they are not in your way.
At least the brew game is on.
I wrote you a motherfucking essay in the journal xD
My momma is on my nerves.
I feel like all i have is myself.
that is the sweetest thing someone has ever said to me.
ever.
The Republican clowns seem from another non related universe!
It seems like they live in a fantasy land of their own invention
LMKasprzak re: CMC  exploring Value Proposition written from clients', not consultants', perspective.
More difficult to write.
I am now looking for sound people on twitter
I'm already a serf to my cat.
Happy New Year from the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
He is we is playing on the radio right now that truely made my day
Briere and many others forget that talking w/media is part  parcel of who they are.
They sure like to talk when they do well
Save room for dogz!
Get rid of dandoctorff by letting your dandoctorff control shampoo sit on for 5 to 10 mins
Do you guys think we will ever get a new album from Lady Phoenix?
I hope so, but I'm starting to lose hope.
Hope they come back with Kasey..
Watching the news while eating lol
Good afternoon beautiful people
What not to wear during the NATO summit
I'm done trying.
it says I am
Oh yeah!!
cue flushing sound
Megaupload's death means Swizz Beats will officially help reform the Ruff Ryders with DMX
u coming sat!?!?
But...If World Peace forces a bad pass into a double teamed Kobe hes an idiot right?
Its a double edged sword...
...no I wasn't.
you said that earlier!
remember!??
:
ESPN Chink in the armor is at least a phrase that is actually used as slang.
Not so for the use of gook.
Short notice alert!
TheatreSports practice tonight at 7pm!
Now THAT'S what we call short notice...
Great chat over coffee this morning with can't wait to host a killer charity golf event this summer.
Aurora farms with the g in a bit.
See what that finish line has in store
dude, glad everyone is ok!
Come to Uruguay someday PLEASE?
UnfriendFriday this Friday?
Let's sing karaoke, miss that 3
well send them in right away!
be the first to impress
we gonna see big dogg.
He ballin now but he doesn't always like the 4th quarter lol
5 more days
Allegro Dance Company is seeking one male dancer for two performances in Wheeling WV visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more!
We do it straight like that
Design proposals are expected to interpret the themes and values of the Olympic movement with Chinese style, culture and spirit  Zhang Ming
On till 7 then gonna try and roll by.
You going?
Check out new designs at www.ruthlesscultureclothing FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER 50
Thanks to everyone that participated in our recent contest.
Congrats to Nathalie Harris for winning our special prize pack!
I love that movie we watch it every Friday
Common Sense Fitness.
MindFirstFitness.
Great 5k today.
Got done before the sleet began.
No, seriously!
So I guess the Clippers just came straight to San Antonio.
Polishing up on the chops I need to call a doctormmer buddy,ok to play to a sequence but playing with a doctormmer with feel is 10xs better...
Not sure why I got so excited for 's gift with purchase.
I have never in my life worn a sarong.
Dude....
french fries inside a burrito...
mindblowing
There is a Tolberone thief in my office...
and I will find you!
I don't charge by the hour because gunfighters don't charge by the bullet Roy Williams
Talking to a straight friend about gay anal and he's being very attentive and respectful and asking good questions.
inquiring minds I will dm you
Gonna make head bands, Pony tail holders and flip flops tonight for my bestie.
;
Hee Hee!
Not quite, but I don't really want to go anywhere today, especially because I live in Minneapolis!
Hello baybee:D
Terry Riley?
Juan Atkins?
Aphex Twin?
all early dubstep.
The Girl
Totally agree on that comment
If Mavs indeed ink DWill, would that increase their ability to trade for Dwight before summer of 2013?
Or no effect at all?

I Hope that maby i can see her around when im there i REALLY DO WANT TO MEET HER :o
We've Been Having Some Decent Weather Lately : Can't Wait For The Summer !
Today's takeaways: JFK did interns b4 doing interns was cool, 6 raw oysters  1 weight watcher point, Whitney still not funny.
Good night!
um the mangos are good this year in Florida too
: growing up never got 2 shop  nonchain bookstore or even a chain bookstore for that matter.loved borders they r closing by me
JKLolz Show Two  Fly FM
Checking on dinner reservations for Valentine's Day.
Good luck with that kind of late.
Fuck the police
It sucks to see the people you care about upset.
I love you so much You know I'm always going to be here for you.
Bfffl
The guy at valvoline said mice live in the air filters of cars outside.
Literally the worst news of my life.
Yes!
Left work almost on time today, so this is what it's like to be home before 5.
Totally gonna listen to records  maybe make porcharitas
Can't it be June already?
One woman hurt when exboyfriend fired shots in apartment.
No word on if she was shot.
She was taken to the hospital.
Info 630
congrats on the design internship at !
they're lucky to have you
Been thinking over you over this series
Just participated in a social media mpwebinar with the RPO team!
Excited to try out some new tips!
What a very VERY smart football man you are.
Johnny Unitas MUST always be 1 for anyone who knows anything about football.
There is a donkey for sale on the company message board.
625.
There's a joke in there somewhere, I just can't seem to find it yet.
Got Stuff?
FreeCycle!
Bring in something  take something home.
Good condition only  nothing too big, please.
Sat, Jan 7 24.
7914010
Bitch Im The Man Dont U Forget It
A man who killed 2 people in FL  threatened to kill executives at an office in Framingham was arrested in Louisiana Wed morning
Who's going to be there when I need someone, no one right ?
Hey Everyone!
Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42 Plasma TV?
Check out Buddy's, they have them for 21.99/wk.
I really wana get my hair to extreme platinum
my man!
so you could say that i'm hopeless3
Only limited amount of sample kits still available!
Stop by booth 35 TODAY  get one!!
RT Applied for a job in NO and already got the call back.
This move is looking better and better.
RMF good luck
lol I really don't care bout mothers day my birthday is a WHOLE different story lol
some lesson like shittsssssss and people of listening to him also like shittt
8869 West on top of the East in the nbaallstargame Let's get it
It's nice to see you back in action.
Don't let the Somali girls get to you...
About an hour in...How do you think the Oscars are going so far??
Liking Billy Crystal??
I know right.
As soon as I saw it I was like, OH MY GOD!!!
IM NEVER LEAVING YOU, YOU'RE MINE!!!!!
Fell in love!
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears.
Congrats bro!
On my first break.
I think I'll enjoy working here.
is sexy a'f!
Just sayin.
lol yup,so make sure u make interesting conversation lol.Nah I didnt either but they got murdered lol.u done wit school?
please lend your powerful voice to help keep fighting to end ChildSexualAbuse.
We've been at it for 15 yrs!
doctorve down several oneway streets today...
the wrong way...
second day in a row
and let's not forget the car key situation...
lol
maybe YOU can't.
JUST YOU WATCH.
Alright.
I may finally break down and get an ip simply so I can have it at work to test functionality.
watching Alice in Wonderland : 
The way I see it, most things in life are a love it or leave it scenario.
There's really no need to over complicate it.
I got 2 styrofoam cups  guess what's in it?
Well I ain't gotta tell ya, you gon find out in a minute.
Why are u all pushing Tents down our throats?
We don't want no Tent Cities!
notents Tents are temporary!
Thanks for the WW Love!
I'm just relieved you got the reference.
I hope I stayed up watching this game to see a win...
Yesterday desperatehousewives series finale and today the season premier of Bachelorette ?
I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow 
Yup, they're still on the menu!
Come try them soon.
RT : do you still serve the red velvet twinkies?
Follow she's amazing and follows back!19
um, no.
Any other options?
Watching DC United play Chicago Fire, 00 in the 16th minute
hehe I miss ya to :
they're showing up as x for me, too.
it could be a better one than I anticipated.
Cotto needs to be patient.
Welcome Josh!
Hopefully you will get to rest sometime soon.
Tweet us if you need anything.
NEW MUSIC SOON!!!
GOT A COUPLE FREE TAPES FOR THE PEOPLE COMIN!
Thanks for the mention!!!
Damn havnt bin on dis for a long wile aha
read between the lines...
IWishYouKnew how much you mean to me.
But where did the weekend go??
heard you wanted to get down with the calendar...
hit me w/ 31 beats at GMAIL dot COM is the addy
Awesome meeting Jamie Castro today...so pretty and nice...great name too!
so i can get hopefully both Super Street Fighter 4 and Ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
I wanna figure out how to mash together GlenCampbell style country With HipHop.
Anything is possible.
We walked on the moon.
This mom literally just said, if I'm in the car buckled before you, you're grounded.
look how cute they are
had fun with you and everyone who went lazer tagging today!!!!
Friday?!
WOAH, I thought we were leaving on Tuesday!!
nope it's called feel so close in our music system so nofail :
There was no such verbal agreement.
2/3: We are witness to your unfailing love.
They are truly blessed to have such dedicated and loving mothers fighting for them.
At the Birmingham, AL airport.
Just saw a crew of pageant girls, all about 6 years old.
What's up Jack!
Go stock up on some GreaterThan  show us da proof and we'll see what we can do.

it would probably be in your top 10.
Same designer is doing the new Olympic course in Brasil.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all
Q: feed9b  All are great, inspiring challenges.
But how?
Given WI's recent 250 M cut to base budget?
And federally?
Staring at my background and realizing how far has come and how grown he's gotten.
Good Morning Everyone!
My dinner is disappointing.
I hate that.

It is that deep.
Really sad.
Think I've lost some files permanently.
Hoping will help.
Need to rethink my recovery process.
Happy 1st Anniversary hun to you and !!!!
Hope it is the most magical day for you both!
Luv you
If Walker wins on June 5, the soap opera not only goes on, it grows worse.
That's a powerful argument for Barrett.
Haven't been to homeroom in years..I now remember why...
Fans of NO RESERVE!
have been following me on my personal Twitter account.
This is new, about the band, and music, and all things creative.
CentralOregon Call when ur out partying.
They get u and ur car home for cheaper then a cab.
5416360101
I changed?
I'm the same person I've always been, except I trusted you before
No matter how fat, goofylooking or ugly you were, you couldn't make a rap album in the 90s without a crazy sex skit
the job of a politician should be to maximize the number of people who he includes when he says we
michelle dot maltais at latimes dot com
wow I just rented this...Hahaha!
Love THE KILLERS:.
Curious to see Tarkovskys version:
Hey Toni is it ok if I pick my wages up on thursday?:
uncle comes in with my grandma a plant for mothers day Grandpa: I thought that was you I saw on the side of the expressway 
Endless opportunities for volunteering.
Watch out, Erin!
Conversations with K tend to result in uproarious laughter.
GOD is good all the time.........aint nobody gone say it back....
I never knew that could sing :o
Thank you Patrick!
We're excited to expand on what's already been an top notch experience w/
An exclamation point for a 0.02 doctorp?
We've been trained to think 3.78 gas is great.
Last class before the weekend!
;
dongle snicker luckily, at CodCon12 wearealltwelve :
I get that you have Wisconsin envy, you can't beat the Packers and your alma mater can't beat the Badgers.
I still want to marry because he's still fucking perfect.
I saw TheLuckyOne trailer,it brought a visual to what was in my mind..
I cried through most of it  in awe of love scenes
We received them as a gift from a guest : They're made on the Big Island :
Could they give an anymore obvious term for shuffling around in dirty old shoes than juffle?
YOU GUYS.
CUTTING EDGE IS ON NETFLIX INSTANT.
So freakin' excited!...and hungry.
RT : La Parada and wedding invite caucus with and tonight.
PASO Patient Access Solutions is dedicated to quality and service within the healthcare community
Getting pumped for the concert tonight!
thank you for that comment!
especially important b/c in programs like doctorxel's, you learn zip about archives...
Life can be fun when you spend it with friends.
Broad trip!!!
Pinch me !
I am out from under Mercury's retrograde and woke up to a special surprise so right!
We r stoked to be playing Key Club, gonna be a blast tomorrow night!
HULK LANDSCAPE!
RT : : The first city in the world to have a population of over 1 million was London WOWSA!
Good ta KNOW!
5 Trends that Will Shape Small Business in 2011 : Marketing :: American Express OPEN Forum : undefined
Hey!!
Not tonight!
I will tomorrow every hour from Noon6!
:
leave for England tomorrow to see the folks.
My head is poundin
Follow us, we archive GOP idiocy hypocrisy and stupidity.

what y'all on today
and don't forget to brush up on thirstos for Thursday night's B/SM event at Turner Field.
Had an interview with Ameristar yesterday.
I was hired on the spot.
No one ever won a fight by being a bitch....ijs
Almost at 200 followers!!
Keep spreading the word about streamline apparel and Like us on Facebook!
Wish I could RT
oh what a sight that would be..
But you can't do that with flabbs ;
wow!
When did chris masters return?!
Awesome!
Beer School is always a great time.
Thx for asking!
Victims blame, complain, justify and make excuses.
People with good self esteem take responsibility for dealing with things as they ARE!
Looks like Santa has a lot more wrapping to do .
nice.
Have a great day.
Sometimes you really do need to sweat the details.
you're getting old
blue skies, flat water and stupid cold.
Nice paddle just the same.
I never took a quote from you.
I never hard of the quote you mentioned.
So why you attacking over something I never did??
We will be entertained???
SomeWomenCantStand not being right
Happy Easter!
'Tis true: am having dinner at TGIFridays.
Love how every morning I wake up to my neighbors blasting music.
It's entertaining because I heard different kinds especially reggaeton.
I love how our little Eva prank helped bring you  the real Eva closer together, haha.
No need to thank us 
so it turns out it was another issue with Zendesk..
boo.
We didn't get notifications for your ticket, but it's working now :
The independent medical examination, along with the deposition are generally the two most crucial events in an injury case.
Courage the Cowardly Dog!
Oops!Everything's ok world won't end manana.
My sister assured me world will end after Oprah's last show on 5/25/2011!!
.
is a great pilates teacher.
Also, pilates is hard and those machines are a little scary looking!
Skull rings, eyeliner and a violin.
We are so ready for David Garrett in Reno!
j.mp/qQimco
My girl  I workout like crazy because we don't play around lol....my fiance loves it when I workout : : :
WHATAFEELING Being the reason you won
.
notes: The odd thing about imagined futures is that they so often resemble the past.
So w/future of scholarly publishing
Hotdougs with my bro
have you ever wondered why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens the skin...
Mixing down Ghetto Blasting while I wait for to get to his session
thank you!!
bloody mary in the evening??
ff Congrats to on his awardwinning Russian Imperial Stout.
Enjoying session on howto videos by and her sense of humor in presi at
what it say
SOUNDS COOL
I'm bout to change up on these niggas I want a whole new line up.....
these niggas is not really yo niggas on my mom
Yay Christmas break
AW SHUCKKSSSSS  I LOVE YOU TOO BBYYY  p.s.
; I hope I'm not scaring you with my caps lol
tried my first vegan restaurant yesterday and it was great!
They will say Morley next year.
Haha
YOU ARE NOT CHOPPED LIVER.
Cause I like you and I hate liver.
Don't know why these guys keep trying to 3bet me when they're not willing to stick it in.
b/c they all 3Bet super light?
I'll take you for one :
One reason the BCS was started was to get rid of the whole cochamp biz.
But, if the Olympics can have cogoldmedalists, why can't CFB?
Thanks!
We will contact EFF if it comes to that, but I think the situation is being resolved with diplomacy.
Horny!!
anyone else?
Comment or tweet with me???
Imma create sushi art like never before
Thanks!
nice Twitter background !!!
brave, brave, brave, brave, sir robin :
day 3 of being tobacco free
he was there last year.
So cute.
I think he has a book out
libraries: doing this for years!
RT A4: Businesses...can/should join forces to oppose mandatory data retention
Im tired I need some inspiration!
CAN SOMEONE WAKE ME UP?
I want to leave Earth and come back as This guy is a boss
Finna dye my hair lol not all of it tha
Trying to figure out something new to do with my hair.
Now you're yelling so I have to!
Senate Education Committee hearing beginning.
SB 576, charter school accountability and access bill, to be voted on today.
I miss you too Lisa!
BREAKING: false alarm on dead body along Naito Parkway.
officers say it's a overdose victim who is still alive
Qué bueno!
Where are you thinking of studying abroad?
OMG THIS IS THE WORST!!
BTW did you see Oprah do the Tribute for Whitney!!
Loved It!!
When you  mention someone you are supposed to lead off with it like I did.
Not at the end like you did
Need someone to help me correct my 2k issue here on
Happy Easter
She's also done a 9000 foot mountain!
hahahaha
your welcome!
:D
Thank You Ismael
LeHIGH WINS that's why I always root and bet for the underDOG
that's what I want.
We will be live as you answer so be ready haha
they have a ton of king compilations at the library too.
where r they from?
Made 50 last night!
:
Off to Melsky Casting!
:
ya i would jew.
Happy 25th Birthday to the best daughter in the world, Kelli Martin!!!
XOXO.
Thanks, Karl.
The more I hear about Khan's, the more I wondered!
Blessthefall in general 
Every little thing is gonna be alright
does it include 'silos'?
That's a new one that's starting to make my head hurt.
From education should combine content and skills, it is not an if or situation
You should've yelled!!!
That's what I'd do if I seen you in the car :
No one has a say in my passion, career, life...
they can try but in the end, their words will be shoved down their fucking throats.
and that's how clotheslined the server.
very cool!
Love your food!!
But what about all my stuff?!?!
I may have to join you on that one.
Let me look at my calendar.
You can text me now
3 bandage ;p here you go
Are you back in Cincy?
pillow fetish?!
lmao...
somehow I figured as much....
Day 4  still nothing...come on!
Lol
don't u just love the classy people around here.
I signed up for the LA event thru Moffatt but not receipt, confirmation...can I please have that?
Very stoked.
This Twitter will still be a great place for the big announcements on Logi Insight for Libraries, but follow for more depth
Any tips on how to organize?
That's how I did it when student teaching  I miss those movable walls :
I made it safe n sound
I just noticed there is a chimney on my house.
Crazy.
Rock and Roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore.
has grown up so much over the years.
dude, the Esquire retweet is pretty cool.
Is this the start of your 15 minutes of fame?
ayyyyy thanks baby!
it's available this Saturday!
Going w/ Mike  Matt.
You should join.
Also hitting for pozole, Los Gallos 2 for CESJ
Great news!
Practice has moved to NW PDX.
Now scheduling patients.
Check website for details: www.doctorradfarra.com
I've had way to much coffee tonight and will be paying for it later tonight when I can't sleep.
Warwick today.
Hi David.
I nailed it with Vejigante mask from Ponce, Puerto Rico yesterday on Facebook.
Just sayin'...
Dogs can really motivate their owners to go walking more plus it helps the dog and their artitude
Yeah, Mason and I will give you a great rundown of the best clubs here!
;D
I'm not eastern European.
Also not a spammer of any kind.
Just hope to help you on your quest for 1K followers.
Things are getting awkward at city council.
Speakers on security cameras getting intense.
People are so relaxed that they frequently fall asleep during acupuncture treatment.
Pumpkin Spice Latte me asap.
Then let's get this last day of work done so I can get to the lake.
On the water is where I feel best.
Happy Friday the 13th.
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
Dorothea Dix
we had an office lunch outing, everyone seemed to really enjoy Ned's and Cheese doctoram.
remember.
The slot for first person I actually killt is still available.
Don't be threatened.
Be warned
HBDBK.
Wishing you an amazing day with LOVE!
: Woohoo!
Congrats!Finally a DD in the house!!!
;
would you gals like to meet tomorrow rumor has it wed is lady's night.
Free lap dances till midnight!
Hi there!
Thank you for your message.
I am doing very well, thank you :.
Thank you for all your motivating Tweets!
That's the best reason of all!
MeAndYouCantDate Because I hate the way you eat.
Well in reality, the historical trend seems exactly the opposite...
cq5 wem simplify ur documentation articles.
I spent 90 min troubleshooting a simple problem w/ rte editor config
Sad to see racism slowly eroding the awesome power of the presidency of the United States!
Remember, the world is watching!
I think we have a mutual friend in Marc Yeats ..
how is life in Oxford?
this guy in Alaska!
Seriously the amount of snot coming out of my nose is remarkable.
listening to work out for the 3rd time
Show time in 14 hrs!!!!!!!
Time to sleep!!!
Unanswered emails now seem like opportunity for expression w/o revenge.
Sometimes those thoughts seep through the fog.
Damn sinuses are killing me
You didn't come to school :.
Lmfao.
By the way, I think Victor's starting to suspect you like him....
This is the Tyshawn Taylor I want to see today!!
Avengers midnight showing!!!
I went roller skating tonight.
No biggie.
Don't know why you keep bringing it up.
I guess I can cross North Carolina off my retirement state list.
sigh
Can i get 100 followers by tomorrow?!
O.o i'm going to try and make my who says video this week!
Hunt: I wasn't a diplomat before becoming ambassador.
Promised I'd quit if it was just cocktail parties.
I'm sure this is why my grandparents swam across the river.
on buying Mexican flags and mustaches for Cinco de Mayo
hahahah.
I love your word play.
Forever wearing my bracelet.
After seeing him in Chicago and meeting him I am for sure a fan!
:
lol, iRumors are always entertaining.
fun to see how all the webzines jump to speculations on every tiny little hint.
Be prepared for confrontation..
faces off against UNC for the CarrierClassic today!
Go green!
I bet they would sell out.
RT : I would to to emcee those games, too!
RT : WHAT WE DO: We provide meals, homes and health  wellness services to thousands of seniors each year.
We need your...
Not that there is anything wrong with that...
cgbb thanks for the support!!
And june 15th u will know what this famous word is haha
Me too.
Congrats on proceedings last week.
I've only been a couple of times, but I really liked their Burgundy Burger
Big thanks to and Industry Nine Components!
I swear my bike pedals itself.
Dear14yearoldself, You get your doctoram guy,
That would be very touching.
Please keep us posted.
Congrats on your acceptance for the University of Heidelberg program!
Channel Partner Portal is a Management as a Service platform to better support their customers
Tumblr integration?
Tumblr postbyemail blows, need better system to compose Tumblr posts in Zite.
Trying to find fil in 1940census, hoping he's in same place he was in 1930
you too beautiful!
: The most incredible feeling is knowing that you truly have someone not just for today, but forever.
Happy Valentines Day
I do Love You I love u I love u, my baby I love you so and I don't want you to go.
By GQ Reminds me of blue light basement parties
Spending my Saturday night with 7th graders.
Most welcome ...likewise!
happy birthdaaaayyyy!
Hope you have a good one, love you!
:
Anyone else wake up feeling like you can transcend the seven bodies, but you're going to need to listen to Mahogany Rush to do so?
Me TOO.
Romney says Obama believes in a Europeanstyle welfare state.
Wow.
Guess I've really missed something.
Just realized it's late start tomorrow,and I don't have group anymore!
What am I gonna do!?!

Sounds good.
Contact us through our website.
This time next week, I'll probably still be exhausted from a 15 hour day the night before...can't wait!
Your twitter tuesday password is JOHN WAYNE GACY.
Movie hero or serial killer, he gets 5 of your broke asses in free!
Then you buy doctornks.
RT : No sweetheart deals for the 1 the must investigate the big banks
Geez, why were you without power for so long?
is that right
It might be early but we're already thinking about Happy Hour!
Who's stopping in tonight for halfpriced appetizers and doctornk specials?
The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spiritJohn Steinbeck
you tried monster rehab?
that rojo tea is my shit
i can care les about anything
Couple shots of tequila and off to the gym, then making biscuits n gravy
This head cold is really killing my spirit !
Siigh
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you, sometimes.
I'm working on turning a couple into books that certainly have that feel..
Is it a bad idea?
Thanks for the mention!
Dear , please stop changing my html code.
It's a pain to manually fix your code craziness.
Thanks.
Luv ya, mean it!
Before I die, I want to roundhouse someone!
They can't be tall tho
Liam James Payne 3
That was amazing!!!
You guys sounded even better live :D TheWANTEDonTheVOICE Please follow xx
RT Give it up for Coobie tonight scores a seasonhigh 18 points on 6 of 6 shooting from 3...
Amazing game.
you haven't changed one bit.
it's Adam schabel from down the street
Bowlers, how close have you made it to a perfect 300 game?
Meet a kid who did it and he was playing with pain at 5:30
I think I've got it made
Alright.
I caved and bought a Mega Millions ticket.
And then I bought 9 more...
No doubt, May showers...guess April was slacking.
Looking forward to warmer days...
Dang this sucks...dont have any plans amymore
My father's name was Hymie.
nice pub stunt...
Day game...
Not televised in WI.
Lame
Choir meeting tonight.
It's wierd to think im almost a senior.
y is he leaving??
SoHighThat i Can touch the Sky...
Off to Europe today!
to answer your question, I do not speak French!
I'm currently downloading podcasts!
hey dude!
Trynna keep in touch.
God bless.
I get sad when ever I think about you
Has anyone bought any workout shows via Apple TV?
If you think every child deserves a chance to have a lifelong relationship with his or her parents regardless of circumstances, please RT!
okay, that made sense.
this is making sense now!
so sorry for the steady tweeting about the x files.
Looking forward to visit with Ewha Woman's University in Seoul Korea this week!
hey bro!
you still working out up there?
hahah remember father Justin's class, everyone messing with him about what schools were going to
o haha okay
I swear Music is Gonna keep me feed watch and be witness who eva don't believe that I feel sorry for you when I make it
As a wannabe screenwriter I tried to make the move to LA, ran out of gas in Phoenix, so LA will have to live without me for another day.
I love scientists!
RT : Gene named after Smaug the doctorgon from Tolkein's 'The Hobbit'
oh god
You speak words of truth!
In English and felinese!
hahaha what a fangirl of Paul.
;
Who's coming to the holiday party in the Java Cafe on Wednesday from 57 pm??
Question of the day:Whats your favorite classic TV show?
Sarah Palin out of race.
Couldn't afford the paycut.
Fitch: buyers of European covlite debt included US CLO and institutional investors.
Music makes the world go around!
Meeting one of the cocreators of Perseus project yesterday, , all I could say was: Every junior classicist thanks you.
Reading nyt review of Nicole krauss' book great house...fulgurating pain.
Sharp piercing pain.
Noted.
I love how the password is one of them, just in number form:/
: Good grades, enough sleep, a social life...you can pick two.
truer words have never been spoken.
Haha
Guess somebody's a Sicki Garbaj fan,did I hit a nerve,lol!!
oh okaeyy .
hehe !
cheers to one direction ..
!!
we:
Advertisers, likely.
: He wasn't apologizing to you.
RT : Rush: apology accepted ...
We're with you.
THIS YEAR'S CONFERENCE IS ONLY 14 DAYS AWAY!
DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER IF YOU HAVEN'T DONE SO YET
LOOKIN FORWARD TO THE NEW YEAR 2010!!
HERE I COME!!
LOL!!
Unlock your Heart, Love freely Unlock your mind, Live freely The secret to Happiness is Freedom The secret to Freedom is Courage Thucycices
Go Chris Wells
hehe and I forgot what Beauty and the Beast was about again..
I am starving like a pregnant person...can't wait to get home and eat
We create custom Twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes  Celebs.
Follow us  RT for a chance to win a custom background just like our PROS.
It was great to meet you too...keep on inspiring!!!
Messed up my files.
have to take them all off  upload them again..
but shame on me, I didn't back them up..
copy  paste!
ug
Mining bill still has no author.
The GOP claim it's the largest jobs bill this session.
So why does no one want to take credit for it?
Love tax returns...
My savings almost doubled!
Come on give me a bREAK
oh I thought you meant you were gonna be serving tonite!
I wanted to try you out!
Dear Omni Hotel or whoever is responsible for planning the menu: Vegetarians eat more than vegetables, and we need protein, too.
Be advised!
LAMILL Cafe will be closing early today, April 30th, at 4:00pm for a private event.
We will reopen with regular hours tomorrow!
A4: It is important to have people in your life who can sense when you need a break and tell you to take a vacation.
Count me in for Google hangout.
Leaving soon.
I'll miss you, twitter 3
some days i wish i could go back to doing a 95...
Everyone follow Larry here...GREAT Packers fan RT Miss my packers.
Packeritis is alive and kickin
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age.
As long as you're learning you're not old.
Function over form
The little peanut butter cups in Moose Tracks ice cream...so delicious .
even when you hold the mirror up and point out the bad decision, doesn't work.
It's tiring.
how was SD?
good luck tomorrow!
Physical violence is so 2011.
Plus, I can't go to jail again.
O:
if amazing was a young bitch, I'd be going to jail cause Im FUCKING amazing
just bought my first app from the Andoctorid Market  ten cent apps is a genius promotion.
zumba rocks ass literally
I met Robert Davi yesterday, he's so freaking nice!!
Loved him Goonies, Die Hard, The professorler!!
Great guy and actor!!
do you guys like mushrooms?
why do you?
no I just like to hunt them
your going to love it !
You should go to ratemyprofessorssors
So now i have to wear glasses all the time..bo...gues its true the older u get ur eyesight is the 1st to go..
Worst mood ever today.
Well just recently due to inconsiderate doctorvers...
and having to deal with the football fans downtown.
Ugh
FistBump thx bromie!
RT : s/o to NICE JOB WITH YOUR REFS TODAY !!
ok u is followed
being creative is a gift.
A gift that if you ignore may alter your course of happiness.
Be BRAVE.
Just spent an hour on the machine gun jetpack.
GTF out the way!.
Buffet or ala cart?
OK.
That's a brave thing to say about anything on Weekend Update.
RT : Potential in startup employees is worth a lot less than in big co's, b/c you don't have luxury to wait around for fruition.
Me too!
Where are your seats?
Am I the only one who gets creeped out when someone writes warmly at the end of a letter?
xoxo!
totally inspired!
You had a great seat  right up in the front where all of the action was :P
Almost to Austin, TX....
; gonna try to convince my dad to take me shoe shopping ..
ha ha lets hope not
Any Caterers wanting our company to use your services please email us for a Tasting soon.
but admire your dedication
Any word if Kobe's playing tonight?
I swear it's like spring break every weekend here!
Yeah merry christmas !
I'm still waiting.
, .
.
.
For All God Bless Us.
.
.
.
WRB's first Game Day.....Special/Intense/Proud!!!
Day doctoramer.
i love avocados fuck you all
my friend who owns a dog grooming business always looks forward to her Mon.Tues.
weekend and you just reminded me of her.
Turn up the music, i need it i'n my life !
Woohoo!
Congratulations on a Good Job well done!!!
: 
I did!
I went in feeling one way and my opinion changed during the process.
I loved it.
Yr Welcome!
Visit the site soon www.kmcamera.com
if we've gone almost two and a half years consistently missing Dunks, honey, you'll be okay!
The cravings taper.
...a little.
you put a R in Team....and we made eye contact for like 5 minutes lol
be careful out there!
I felt we wld b up for this gm coming off if a big upset win.
More the opp.
We spotted our opponent 3 quarters of effort b4 we played
Three in one day?
I'm impressed
First triple overtime of the playoffs.
Too bad I can't stay up for the rest of it.
Damn waking up for work at 6am.
juice fasts and business travel do not mix
This is 2012.
Why am I still seeing mobile sites load everything first before content in body.
Content, header, then images.
You're a white trash hot dish
Laying with adam watching cartoons off this .
Aramis Ramirez plays like a Cub.
Remind me again why The Crew signed him??
Setting an alarm  waking up assearly to do East coast business  ew.
Conducting said business from bed  win.
RT if you're up for No Reason.
Sonja is an egotistical nut job........perhaps crazier than Kelly!
Clippers Bench Was Huge S/O To Kmart, ReggieEvans, NickYoung, MoWilliams, EricBledsoe  CP3 Control The Game Great Gritty Team Win
I died.
Wait a minute, in Voyage of the Damned the Doctor said that the Titanic's engine explosion would destroy the whole planet
everybody dunce now
im sorry I was n ATL ova dah weekend
Love u DJ KEMO
4famouswords let me sleep, please
How sad is it that I just want to sell everything in my apartment because I hate packing...
Cheers to a lovely weekend!
Thanks for the FF!
you are welcome, lady :
i feel like a creeper haha JUST sayin.
lol
aiip10 Sam Fee reommends Don't Make Me Think by Steve Krug for effective web design.
of course i would lols you got a facebook
Jessica is my girl she doin good on jackson 5 i luv her
on may 19th, sometime around 8
YOU'RE damn funny.
So there.
Calm down, don't tell them what to do
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
It smells like victory.
Apocalypse Now, spoken by Robert Duvall
I still think we need one more Weber fight.
Abs?
That was the hardest thing I've ever done 
Turtles ;D
that's what's so funny!
Always remember, the more action you take, the more money you will make
yeah it does, especially since I had a lot of admiration for him prior to this.
fixed it.
RT : Doing my first college football fantasy league this season, SEC and PAC 12 exclusive, insurance for NFL Lockout
I'm feeling that today as well!
RT : When God invented new media, He should have added an hour to give us a 25 hour day...
Hope Elias is ok, that looks scary.
Always respected him
At last you're listening to real music!
Looks like it's going to be a good day.
I'm so sorry!!
Heading through the terminal at the airport, its almost like a second home now.
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5 let it transform your space.
Instock
sorry Carson.
I dot mean to inconvenience you.
Maybe next year!
Ohh so now you tweet me SMH:b Jon where getting married since hasn't bought my bling bling: Kay?.KAY:
Wha, no invite?
lol whatever, yeah hes a douche bag but i think hes cute.
Livin4TheNight
Returning to reality tomorrow, but only a 3day week, then Kentucky bound.
Lexington people, it would be good to see you on my way through!
I love how stands up to haters!: Shut them down girl!!
Welcome to Welcome!
Java, how are you?
Thanks for the RT!
I feel the same way!
Show some FF love for , part of The Schermerhorn's fantastic Community Advisory Board!
Thanks for all you do!
Capital One spot1 of the specs we are casting is for 10  12 yr old kids who play orchestra instruments.
Fit the spec?
Let me know....ASAP
Super congrats!
congratulations!
That's a good time!
Truth.
RT : I'm pretty sure the first rule of bootcamp6 is NERDS!
You can come over earlier if you want!
We'll be here.
See you then!
So they can too lol
A few WI brewers to try: Lakefront Brewery, Ale Asylum, Capital Brewery, Sprecher, Tyranena, Furthermore
Man hit and killed on Georgia highway near Eulonia
Donald is safe!
Oh my goodness!
PackerNation will never fail you
God damn i miss cinema bizarre!
Woot!
we love to hear that!
: : still wet hair but loving what has done!!
Fun changes!!!
Creator God, I am so blessed by your revelation in nature and Scriptures.
Please increase my determination to plass on that blessing.
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers then to be in the pen sharin' showers
Party Down is great.
I stayed hard thru 7 episodes.
Today's special is the ULTIMATE CHICKEN SANDWICH!
Cajun seasoned, w/ BBQ sauce, bacon, pepperjack!
Comes w/ your choice of ultimate sides!
i Subscribed to thebakeey on youtube :
Lots of client meetings today all over town!
I'm going to be a doctorving maniac.
Can't wait to see the photos up in the studio tonight.
WHAT THE HECK 2 BEERS FOR 15 or 4 for 28 tomorrow only
Hot springs is awesome...
Damn, Japan is screwed againthey're not bigger than some U.S.
statescan we give them Nebraska or Kansas or another one we don't need?
It's so hot chocolate melted in my pants : San Francisco bay area photographer
I mean if you're going to do it...go all the way in
AND Tomorrows the last day of being on these steroids.Which means no more gaining weight,and I can finally get back to normal and go out!
two step tuesdays lead to sleepy wednesdays
RT : ...time to rest up!
tomorrow night...maybe a little and Stout Graduation on Saturday
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
Chris Cairns
TOO BAD NO ONE WAS AROUND TO PROTECT HER DAUGHTER
its hard to see you lose yourself
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening!
finally saw sat nites show...greatjob snake man.
Fucking would say you're not this nice in school right in front of my boss!
Lol
She doesn't even appreciate you.
I'm right here, but what do I matter?
Vintage trouble cancelled at The 5 Spot.
Might as well make it over to to see Right now!!!!
Brr!
It's cold in here!
There must be some Toros in the atmosphere!
There is nobody in the RMA except for working people and it makes me sad because I don't know where anyone is and I'm all lonely.
Dang it, I've been doctornking coffee every day for 2 weeks now.
What is it, 21 days to make a habit?
I must break the chain!
Amicus Certus In Re Incerta Cernitur  A true friend is discerned during an uncertain matter
Do you use ExpressionEngine?
I'm thinking of taking it on and am gathering information.
Reply with Pros/Cons.
That's great, nice work!
need help in the shower?
I know SportingKC defender Seth Sinovic looks cheap, but with the exchange rate, he'll cost 5 million.
Wish I were down there for this!
I'd love to tell you don't do it.
But I know you are a fan.
Pressed shaped meat with flavored ink grill marks is just weird.
Fee fi fo fum, I could sure go for a large tom yum.
Have some Typhoon brought to your door with free delivery.
Code is NOV2011 at...
hey what it do!
Of course I did, silly.
They were ten minutes late in opening.
Strange.
But movers have left and we pooped.
will you post a link to blog w/ study based on your book?
having trouble finding it.
thank you in advance!
Wow.
We live in strange times where that's a cardinal sin....
Same samerzz RT : Well I'm all alone this Saturday night ??
I wanna Leslie Knope and Ben Wyatt.
I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY.
omfg crying
A5X processor is confirmed, quadcore graphics 
Two weeks til the Phoenix Comicon!!!
I can feel it!!!
Nestle acquires Pfizer39;s enfant nutrition division  CK Science
ma bartender,she from the islands,body been kissed by tha suncoconut replace the smell of the bar, but I don't know if its her or the rum
Send me email with details...interested...who said it...
is so sweet, I know she appreciates all we do for her just as much as we appreciate what she does for us
let it be.
at least it's fresh!
the pittsburgh section of thedirty 
gettingouttahere fairly early
have you tried googling 'favorite all time commercials' and things of that ilk?
Banners only 4 per square foot this week only!
Call today to place your orders  7205426105!
By the by, I heard from several reliable sources that there was/is plans in the works for an orgy.
I would hope so.
Last time I heard, they're not connected with Velcro.
ditches on my bick
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
So true!
Get busy.
RT: Forbes Thought Of The Day  There is no greater cause of melancholy than idleness.
Robert Burton
WHAT?
TO WHO!
c u soon n Dallas ill b on da 2nd row
none, but i can download some
Happy Earth Day!
o man...how embarrassing.lmao they cant even stay quiet for one second.lmao
Want to spend Friday night differently?
How about a newbie yoga workshop to learn the basics of vinyasa yoga.
Fri.
4/20 6:30pm9:00pm.
how was your day ?
Just got a little hot and bothered after watching Magic Mike trailer
Power still down in the area, Day 2.
Holding up well thx to cell phone, laptop, VPN, Vonage device, wired inlaws,  supportive colleagues.
its very pretty I wish I had it
hey, Rachel!
Sounds like you are having a blast ....
So great!
Love to you.
Lori
Should you see a whole thing it appears that it is always gorgeous.
I don't need sleep.
I'm not running....
You ding dong will instead prolly RT : My buzzer would have burned to death from hand friction tonight ...
When your gf/bf is the only thing on your mind......
thanks!
Please tell all your friends about us!!
Never hated a corporation like I hate first energy/met ed right now.
Just sayin
Sake and wine bottles are all half off this evening!
watching and laughing at one direction funny moments wahahahhaha.....:P
Thank you so much from both of us!!
3
is gonna be the new Jeremy Lin if the Heat win tonight
Last chance to Join us Oct.
25 or 26 for a NoCost Educational Workshop on Financial Fitness.
Register at bit.ly/nbn7Oq
ask ur mom to try it LOL and maybe.
.
90 in gas in the past 24 hours.
My next car needs to be more fuel efficient.
So fun, always Good 2 see you all!: Rt!
Great 2 see u!
As per yesterday's EBook summit, students starting at preK should have at least one digital reading experience per month.
ASU needs Brad Stevens, maybe Bonds will make a big donation since he can't spend all his money behind bars
Loving doomsdaypreppers!
All the econ downturn ones are spot on..
breakfast now, chores later
omg trust me i know.
He is my idol and i'm so grateful 2 have met him so many times; you're pretty lucky to live in finland lol
.
Hedges bets?
No.
I'd say Dawkins was being intellectually honest.
100 certainty is for the delusional or stupid.
That's exactly my thought/fear.
MyPastRelationships Taught Me That I Deserve Better  I Should NEVER Settle For Less .
well said
I was just at NAMM and the whole time I was thinking about my new favorite guitar player ; a Fender fanatic like me!
family feud says that most woman will dump him, cheat on them mess up their belongings lol
we will be buying shirts when we arrive!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3 3
Chuck norris is only a green belt cause he killed his master when he was 4 years.
Old :0 amazing lol
I'm a beat them tables up up up up up Stanton Social tonight 112am feel me?
Yes You Do  I To,ld You To Call Me Last Week Fat Ass.!
We're talking about thetalk www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I've run out of room in my sketch book and don't have any more paper.
How does this happen?
idol  Jessica gave a unique spin on her song.
It way high energy and pretty good overall.
cookies and cream U?
rEVOLution backwards its LOVE ;
Yeah, same here.
I need to check it and verify.
Let me know you find.
I wonder if it's a lateedition change or something.
best imagine I've seen in a while lolol
Patron in ej
RT : I am walking down the road
They're doing the Riggle in DC this morning, 8 in a row!!!
Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!
When in a relationship theres always one that has insecurities 
Tiger Woods's stinger 3wood out doctorve GMac's doctorver on one.
couldn't agree more with your column.
Spot on.
O's games go into extra innings way too much
Looking forward to it!
Nothing like roots12 RT  YAY!
3 blocks NW 23rd to close this morning Everett to Glisan, 3 weeks.
businesses want you to know they're open!
Lol, I'm just shopping
Tminus 24 days to BeerCon.
Aug 27th cant get here soon enough.
Take a risk, good or bad, you never know what good opportunity it could bring.
29 Service Call, Fast Response.
24/7 Emergency Service Licensed Local Locksmith call now 6193357969 Lost Keys?
Locked out?
We can help!
Other people's tools work only in other people's gardens
Good afternoon my twitter followers.
How's it going today?
Mine is going awesome ;
it definitely keeps you glued to your seat.
I'm in love with Jennifer Lawrence lol
TAP trying to provide alternative to all homegrown vs all proprietary in mobile content management
Oops, History of the World was made in 1981.
My bad.
Still 1980 was the best year in movies.
Also forgot about The Big Red One
Good luck with your biz!
RT : You are a cinema, I could watch you foreverrrrreer.
in the same room President Sexton  Peter Henry not here but send their greetings.
Blasting omm to piss everyone off lol I think it's working
Hell yeah!
Sake to me baby!
I cannot fathom going out on a school night.
I'm getting too elderly for weekday shenanigans
Had a good time at the TinCaps game tonight, especially player autographs after the game.
we would of gotten along so well if we knew eachother then haha
Lol.
No, no.
Just an early morning spell check.
Today's lesson is  no Twitter before coffee.
What's wrong???
Good Morning and Happy Monday Baltimore!
Today's word of the day is ambition.
Ambition teach your kids its not a dirty word!
How much for your ARC?
I bake.
I'll send cookies with the cash...
that you are.
Happy for you, and a lil jealous.
formerrockstar ;
: karleeelovesyou Sorry your day was shitty on your bday fuckbitches it's all god, bitches will be bitches.
your welcome, just call it like I see it.
She went from regular college kid to ESPN superstar to scam artist in one big swoop.
Flirting around can be fun but theres times where I just want to commit to someone.
happy birthday to your Mom!
When a monkey nibbles on a penis, it's funny in any language.
CARROT BOY only eats carrots because his name starts with carrot and he is a boy that likes carrots!
ugh, I'm sorry, I'm ashamed I made that joke.
The moon is amazing!
I love how almost 3 months since I've hugged Austin, people still find me and tell me I'm so lucky for meeting him..3
follow me please!
143 :
also consider us a resource for all things contracting and construction!
No job or question too small or too trivial!
no, they are a band...
Happy Saturday to us!
We just stumbled into a Weiner dog meetup!
Uh....pass on the babysitting adventure.
Daffodils are cheap dates of the flower world.
They don't go the distancein fact, they bloom before you get the car home.
But so pretty...
Got legs in the morning.
Still cripple from last week.
This is gonna be fun.
Been preppin' and prognosticatin' Thinkin' positive and going to select the BMW in Colts Blue.
I'm waiting..
on the green loop
ikr, lol i see u sleeping early?
Men And Women Models Go Check Out Risingmodelz.com and see wut the site has 2 offer.
If u like wut u see sign up for 1 a month...
I DVR'ed the best of john randle sound fx...
This is too good
Yo Bro Jesse, seen some of ur toysIncredible design work dude!
U know any other poc makin toys?
This committee meeting isn't just cruel to women, it's cruel to legislators.
This is their spring break.
Wedding party in here now!
Manis, pedis  facials all around!
is amazing mayne.
Know what I'm sayin mayne?
;
i didnt know my RT had so much effect on my TWATCHERS bruh...let it go !!!!
its a inside joke cool it.
Thanks, Kevin!
Vikes give the ax to Childoctorss....Brett Farve has a smile on his face.Farve plans to text Childoctorss his happy thoughts.
RT : We are going to have a rally in the ally for the caps.
Wed.
Night.
Byob chair plate.
Carnitas and Dawgs 6 bucks
and Chante birthday in June !
..Name, the Lakers are a major contender until Kobe's retirement..
Bout to go get these rough shots for this multiplicity idea for the mixtape cover.
just tried to kill me in the weight room
: Man!
What is up with this weather?..
This must be EL NIÑO!
Lol
Albert show them why you shoulda got paid
Watching LongIslandMedium makes me cry every week..but I love this show.
I want to meet her so bad!
doctorves on over to Wantagh!
lol
Learned a lot today from VA Tech's !
Thanks for the great presentation!
Pages of encouraging info
can't believe its only been about a year.

Impressive!!
: Only up to 255 DEADLIFTS today but the reps felt solid strong and nice;
Mindless reload it was roc who was dancing in djsoundwave jean jacket
Being broken hearted
hahaha!
Thanks a lot, and a great reminder!
What just mouthed to me
Now that's what I'm talking about.
np!
test doctorve us out and let us know what you think :
doctorke was a guide to my life
I'm just going to eat cheesecake and hate on Courtney for the next twenty minutes.
10ThingsThatAreAttractive: Playing the cello, srsly...cellists are sexy.
Female cellists are powerfulsexy, male cellists are steamysexy.
I heard there are an abundance of Pitino adidias Track Suits half off!
if you have pamdora, punch it in.
Install week at the VAC!
We are sad to see the old exhibitions go, but excited to see the new ones go up!
What is your Favorite Las Vegas Hotel?
Every time The Script comes on, I like to imagine its actually singing.
Lol, you heartless bastard.
Go to hell.
dang it!
Thompson, Joseph and Kabongo.
PLEASE
goodtoknow RT : The lethal dose of caffeine for humans is ten grams, or about 100 cups of coffee consumed in 4 hours.
I think I'm a little bit.
A little bit in love with you.
I think the hero of today's story is going to be the sinus infection that is in residence in my head.
Follow me?3 ;D
BeliebersAreAliensBecause we're not like everybody else.
We're weird  not normal, just like our idol.
We like to be different.
I can't go to teen hoot because I live in narnia.
I'm sorry!!
I forgot I you
RHONJ : fun times.
keep at it.
you're about to BLOW UP
Looks like some good eatin that Turkey is on point!!
Please follow back
For real thats why his ass is mos def getting jumped when he comes to Mass though lol
100 days baby!
WIZ SAID U CANT COUNT ME WITH THE LIL NIGGAS NO MORE, WE MOVE LIKE WE GOT DEGREE FOR THIS SHIT
Come on, one more goal!
me omg i would die like i would scream i love ur songs but i still wish 1d would follow me!:
This world is full of liars, and users truth UGH
Tomorrow were hosting Holiday Hound up!
Dog walk, treats, fro yo, pics and more.
See you all at 2!
rrrruuuuffff!
That's YAY in dog bark!
When are they going to play one shining moment?

loved the Eric Winston piece  total class act!
Thinking of building your own home?
Check with our experts, they will guide you through the process.
We design custom and stock plans
Well, hey!
Missed your tweet till today :
Byte!
Bit by Bit!
But if they could, it'd be a match made in heaven!
cc:
The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence.
I did!
It came in no time!
We love it so much!
Hubby and I don't have to scoop poo anymore!
LOL.
My smallest cat is obsessed.
pleased to tweet you!
Bookshelves for your library perhaps?
slideshow of creative bookshelves.
Awww, thanks Laura!
I look forward to meeting you in some city, some day.
My future's so bright I gotta wear shades, niggas hating on me..
cause I'm bound to get paid 
Cannot wait to see HungerGames tonight!
aw : how cutee!
thanks hope all is going superblyy
Thank You!!
HAPPY LEAP DAY...
WE HAVE A BONUS DAY 2 MAKE A CHANGE IN OUR LIVES..
TO REACH OUT TO A LOST FRIEND...
2 TELL YOUR LOVE ONE I LUV YOU!!!
very true
Not having spell check on twitter is dum.
loved your speech at the NPC Seminar at bevs this weekend
Would you like some Mama Pita now, or later?
Just climbed up a gigantic hill.
Fighting the urge to roll down it.
My son has mild Autism
No matter how bad things are u guys NEVER GIVE UP!!!
EVER!!!
We all belong here for a reason  a season :
not I, but who's on tomorrow night with me.
Don't forget
An a good morning to you, !
Nobody likes you when you're 23...
Yeah, I remember thinking omg 23 is so old.
When that song came out.
And I was 12.
I hate that I'm disliked by people I really care about
Thanks Amy Pohler for shouting out Upright Citizens Brigade at
welp havent been on in like forever so whats up with everyone???
Change is the law of life.
And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
John F.
Kennedy
Patriots touchdown
Eminem  Lose Yourself  06:53 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Truism: Design is a choice.
It doesn't just happen.
Coincidence It was great meeting 7moody and you !
Keep in touch !
what i wouldn't give for mine to do this.
working on new logo design with
Thankyou do you no how to make icons?
PLEASE FOLLOW!!!!
I
i LOVE The Wanted
thats good!
im doing great too :
well my mom is on her way with KFC!
and me to im so hungry!
is in a NEWYORKstateofmind ..
welcome to our neck of the woods!
We missed ya :
Great new site!
Congrats!
what kind of beats you throw down?
Hope it passes!
Such a great idea!
: At hearing to make an animal abuse registry in state.
Much like sex offender registry.
Awesome!
I have BB Ellum session at 8:15 but can stop by for a bit to enjoy Cville EduTweetUp
Yes They Do!!!
I have that ringtone for my cell phone :
HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event with Ruben Diaz, Jr in the Bronx was a total hit!
We must do this again at Elmo for our Manhattan crew
Thanks Check out too.
thank u so much, this means the world!
Blaine just didn't get the memo in time..
and you should appreciate my efforts!
Our weekly news wrap up episode should doctorp sometime between tonight at midnight and sunrise Monday morning.
And I found out was on Twitter via How weird yet awesome is that?
Bridesmaids start out strong but quickly went downhill.
Don't understand all the love.
AStateOfBlue ALL DAY!
me too
Auction: with was amazing!
Thank you to the bidders!
Thanks!
RT : nothing else gets me ready for the week like
Watching Skins before going to sleep, Gives me happy thoughts c:
Economic dvlpment meeting 2nite 630pm  Broom Factory.
Topics: plans for Red House Tavern  new townhms.
All welcome.
Busy day equals coffee day.
Softball,theres nothing soft about it, it just leaves a bigger bruise.
Looks like the defending champs are about to go down.
Mark Twain: You can't depend on your judgment when your imagination is out of focus.
Uhh....
Lake Havasu.
I just spent 5 days there and it was ridic.
I took a few pics of stars that I can share with you.
I missed today.
I just got back to the office.
Yes, I do need to post more often.
Or just often.
Tired of living forever?
There's a slayer for that.
haha my rule is...I can't date freshmen I can only mess with them!!!
I always get so sad when my lunch break is over
Everyone follow , he's donating 10 cents to Breast Cancer Research for every new follower he gets this month.
Still awake....
How come no one ever messes up on TheVoice?
It's live, but no falls, missed lines or nip slips!
How is that?
Updating a real life finding aid today.
Kind of makes me wish I had taken archives 101 before starting this job lol
RIP photojournalist and film maker Tim Hetherington and Getty photographer Chris Hondoctors who died in Libya today.
MySinatra weaves the life of CaryHoffman through the songs of his hero,
o great reminder!
setting up a running date now.
Patrick's Sunscreen in my pocket, of course!
Sending love to your feed!
How have you been?
Thanks for following me to!!
I think my doctor really likes my choice of sensible footwear...I overheard him telling his collegue that I had Serious healthy shoes
As much as I love getting doctorssed up, there is something so much more relaxing about putting on my sneakers glasses to walk free
i feel really sick i am having very bad belly pain
me either 
Massimo Lollini F'12: new tools for rich linking  text layering, along w/ visualization of Petrarchs early manuscripts
Great Mad Men show last night.
Elevator moment!
And apparently it cost around 250k to license the music at the end.
Happy Thursday!
Just a day away from breaking out the Rebecca Black.
Too tired to work...
That mom beating up the 8month really hurt my heart.I wanted to jump in that mother fucking video n beat the shit out of her until she cries
Thanks to for the follow!
If you have not tried mobile marketing let us help you.
It's easy to reach your customers phone.
VACOLS is 400,000 records in six linked filed.
Showed delays in appeals  that 13,700 vets had died while cases in the works
Hail was not in the plan of this band trip
NF.
Have a great day!
Can't sleep.
Tomorrow can't get here fast enough...
Fux dat.
Family should be an exception.
You suck
Dex's response: Sharon Stone crossing her legs in Basic Instinct.
Classic.
Last night's Great Big Sea concert in Chicago was fantastic.
Great live performance at the House of Blues.
Still recovering!
Congrats to BCHockey men's team for it's win over Air Force in the NCAA tournament.
Go Eagles!!
i hate my life
unable 2 direct msg u.
CSD wbsite has comments that are posted on their website with names 's along w good feedback 4 CCAC
Yes,mister Thunder has been a Grammy member of the PE Wing since 2008.It is comprised of only about 5,500 producers,engineers,remixers etc.
your voice is heaven.
The first public hearing on LA's budget for FY 201213 is getting underway.
Thank you Internet  free shipping and no taxes are wonderful things
.
I am an annual pass member.
LOVE LLFL!
Been there 4 times!
Do we get to come to preview day waterpark pls lmk!
3rd day off...exhausted...3rd day up b4 8am.
This was supposed 2 b a weekend 2 catch up on sleep so i WONT b exhausted all week!
Grrrr :
that sounds grand!
how!
Gotta have a talk wit lil homie
3.
day of fasting was 10 times easier than yesterday.
Had a great work out, no cravings, lot of energy.
I feel great!
So well said..
we need to send this love often.
Blessings lovely lady
The weather today was PERFECT!
Ronnie please follow me and by the way I love ur show can't wait to see it back on in June :
Cotter Smith is a gem!
I absolutely can't wait to see this!
Just Wax It and Crises Averted tonight  9pm, Second City Hollywood.
I have a comp for you.
Truth is we mess up till we get it right...
I don't wanna end up..
Loosing ma' soul...'  I love you..
3
There's someone for everyone:.
Be patient
Need to get out this house.
Tuesday Party!
think he was crazy the whole time
Peloff: Can't get through MadMen because it's too painful to watch that period.
Big Show tonight on Mariners, previewing Huskies opponent Baylor Sigi Schmid on Sounders new keeper.
930
Ok, so ur probably going, 'Is this like a Noxzema commercial or what?'but seriously, I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl.
Called Me Like  WTF IS !!!
Lol
When I'm pissed I unfollow A LOT of people.
IDGAF don't like it?
Unfollow me for all I care!
Oh my god....
Seriously
thanks for your weekly support:
At underground lounge.
Hey!
Follow older brother !
;
lol its on facebook may as well be on twitter.
It's been a quiet week...
let's kick it up a notch!!
Spam messages xD
Special thanks to the Book Sale Publisher sponsor Wisconsin Energy Foundation!
tonight we going ham one way or another , L.A what do you have for me and my homies?!!!

Thanks for the Follow!
thanks for the follow :
Sounds like me
B.o.b keeps getting better and better
This lady at lunch asked me if I was from California.
I was so flattered!
yes we are!
Random Shoutout to !
Follow her!!:
Who are these lunatics, Frank?
These are your most devoted fans.
House
Don't talk to me when it's warm na.
I'll muthafucking embarrass you...
My 3 year old son yawns and says I think my mouth did something sleepy
WHYiGive?
Because each act of giving can spin off a hundoctord more.
what category are the ripley's believe it or not outposts in?
Gotta go bitch
I'm a moderate economically.
I'm a Reichian, probably....by no means a Laffer nor a Misian.
It's always fun to have a sneeze attack right after putting on mascara.
Follow back me!
Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:
Yes, which is a function of his lack of self awareness.
doctorft picks are too valuable to risk completely wasting one.
I am all too familiar with this...a vast majority of my channel's comments are SO disgusting!!
You bet!
RT : Thanks for the RT!
ThingsGirlsLove when boys try to doctorw hearts.
Tonight swag tomorrow
Down came the rain and washed the spiders out.
Food Truck Wars in the morning: 40 of them from all over Florida.
Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm.
Live music, beer garden and more...
This bipolar ass internet connection  turns back on right when i call the technical support people makin me look like an idiot
I'm reading about the 38th chapter and what i can conclude this girl never wears long pants .
shorts and doctorss .
Today was one of those days were I just wish I could take a vacation from my life.
Tricia I looked it is fine as a discussion forum but they are is sill just opinions  just more of them.
We would LOVE to!
Give us a call or email us with the details!
You have some psychological issues.
YOU'VE GOTTA HAVE THEM.
Justin Bieber Boyfrend video 
come to Rockford this is cold lol
211 by me is a cool song
WhenIGetBored I walk two houses down to my best friends house....at 5 in the morning.
I mean do you wanna make a 0?
Keep being hateful.
Hagadone striking out side!!
Police seem in no hurry to escort the suspect away from 38th and T.
Another MPD vehicle just arrived to join the squad cars already here.
Today, Mach 15th, might be the greatest day of the year in sports: first day of the NCAA tourney, NFL free agency and the NBA trade deadline
A Very Happy Karva Chauth to All of the Suhaagane!!!
May GOD BLESS You All and Your Husbands with All the Love and Happiness!
YES!!!!RT : don't chase blessings...chase the One who blesses
im azz naked ..
i dnt wanna move !!
whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
Thank you...
so sweet : You're gorgeous yourself!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Princess Leia Barbie ...Barbie with the hairdo from Star Wars
I ruined her party life.
Have taken a few days to be completely lazy in most every way.
Resting my head and body.
Don't Leave me This Way was performed by Thelma Houston, but not written by her.
Guess that's what I get for watching
One minute to the end of my work day!
Lazy day.
That would work!
We like your spicy hot one with the peppers.
Thanks for the suggestion.
Why small talk?
To convey a positive personality while discussing a small thing: optimist, cheerful, positive, energetic, fun, confident
Basketball best players in order as of right now 2012 Lebron Durant Kobe
thank you...
love vibes
IT'S FRIIIDDDDDDDAYYYYYY N IM UP AL NIGHT
Going to write a song called Laundoctor Room Jerks.
We're looking forward to catching up w/ our craftbeer brethren during next week's
Formulating some new recipes today!
I love the back of the doctorss.
I'm a little amused that the for dummies books in German are für Dummies.
I can just hear that with a German pronunciation.
my pleasure.
I am looking forward to watching when I get a chance to sit down.
Sounds like we are both working  tweeting.
ExBulldog hines Ward hopes to catch on as analyst  Florida TimesUnion
Creativity occurs in the moment, and in the moment we are timeless.
Hello Jose how r u?
yo, good piece on hill.
dont think itll hurt against denver if hes out of the lineup.
but will hurt later on.
Hm someone has been acting good!
daytime during week should be parking close to mcasd.
Today is tutor day at Positive Tomorrows, one of our student's favorite days of the week!
take a bus
Dance Moms.
I don't even give a fuck.
U.S.
Auto Sales Rates Seen Skewed as Rebound Continues
76 years ago on this day Yankees Rookie Joe DiMaggio made his major league debut.
5 Joltin' Joe The Yankee Clipper
is honoring Bruce Wichmann, our firm administrator,  Amy Winch, a legal assistant at Axley, as Unsung Heroes today!
I smelled Cool Water on my way to work today.
Woah, whatisup 7th grade?!
Ladys love beirds, ladys love chicken.
Give me a chicken beard.
Disappointed w/quality of ur print materials over past 6 months blurry printd flyrs  dot pattern printd work whats up!?
RT : Are you a closet knitter, handbag creator, hate your day job and want to focus on what you REALLY want to do?......
I know!
And on top of that, how will they know what you want from them if you never direct it towards them?
The world is too dangerous for anything but the truth, and too small for anything but love  William Sloane Coffin
back on the twitteratti after spending the past few weeks getting next release in motion.
what did i miss?
eating you :D?
It is pathetic to see UCLA football and how pathetic it has become.
A sleeping giant with the right coach and facility upgrade
are you guys going to Saratoga on the 9th?
My hubs said hell watch the kids, but not sure my car will make it
Well, here we go...you knew it couldn't be easy, but to blow a three goal lead.
Let's go Pens...
ha it's true : that's my mom
Vote for !!!
Dial 18558642301.
Up to ten times per phone/online!
.
The reward for their racist actions...
paid vacations.
What a disgrace.
The rats are all jumping ship.
i was gonna change my name to BenjaNguyen but my real name is now available.
sorry lol
This Sunday!
Frank Sinatra Tribute with Joe Marillo!
have you checked out and ?
they're awesome
Wow today's preaching was amazing like God really moved!
anyone else just notice the ataboy tap on Palko's shoulder from Haley
I like anything described as swirly
Wonder how much Fiat paid to purchase
Only 2 more weeks and I'll get to see one of my best friends in the whole world here in Los Angeles.
Whoot Whoot!
Teaching!
On cold meds!
Oh this will be fun!
E.H.
would use Bieber's hair to clean his rifle RT : It's a rare man who can look like Hemmingway and smell like Bieber
Just doublechecked the spelling of Miley Cyrus on Google.
The shit I do for accurate celebrity tweets.
haha you're so weird..
but that's why we love you
Thanks Amanda!
would love to know when next LinkedInChat is.
Would love to join.
ConfessionNight i act like i'm from the hood to get attention but i'm actually from juniata park
dhtrial without a doubt DH actors were best collection of most versatile actors on a show I ever worked on.
They could all do most anyth'g.
Just bought Break The Spell on Amazon!
Thanks for letting us know about the awesome deal.
Love it!!
Congratulations Cindy PoloSerantes  you are the winner of our Valentine's Day Challenge.
You will be receiving a box of Cao Chocolate's!
don't forget your surprise!
i have it it my car for you/deebs to retrieve :
Listening to unstoppable on my beats is insane.
Even more intense
The Guto is the white version of Usher.
A mocker words hurts like daggers but a wise man redirect them in a postive way.
vonchell
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else.
Reaalllly hoping my bro can get the job at UNCG or even WSSU.
No more AA concerts for me.REASONS:1.they attract scary ass young alien lookin scene kids and 2.they cry when they get pushed into mosh pits
Tomorrow last day of sophmore!
Really exciting times for Colorado State, .
Probably won't get a wink.
Next game will be awesome, though  rivalry: Air Force
Taking today and tomorrow off from the gym.
Another session on Saturday and cardio Sunday!
Then all over again next week.
At the morris
no, going to el hospital to figure out what the hell is wrong with me
Thanks for the kind description of my students' work.
GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!
Its an own goal, but caused by the FrenchResistance crashing into the 6yard box!!!!!!!
is the balls, and that's no lie.
SHE'S HOT
Tonight!
and at Velvet Lounge!
915 U St.
NW/9pm/8.
Tell your friends!
well as a girl I'm tempted to say League of Their Own.
Really its Sandlot.
Honorable mention to mister3000 for obvious reasons;
So excited to wake up to live today!
It's going to be a busy weekend!
I've had two sips and a trully giddy.
Hell.
GWBush StandYourGround from 9/11 attack was wackier than Zimmerman's version and killed over a million people.
: Dont sweat the small stuff.
Should be all set, try again!
Only in south carolina would they proudly fly the confederate flag
MASSIVE SHOUTOUT TO !!!!
Haha, just couldn't focus this am!
:/ RT : Ohm.
Ohm.
Guys who think they have swag just cause they wear a SnapBack 
wow.
so not cool.
whatever's.
it will happen for me.
it will.
if regis retires should join ripa, while they are at it tell rachel ray she spells her name wrong and get her off the air
yes only a little though :
Secondhand Serenade  Fall For You is trending lol this doesn't make any sense but ok yes good song3
Love hard...
yeah something that goes over the muffler underneath the car idk lol
Do they not keep you busy enough at NWE?
Just woke up, so tired, was watching twilight last night o.
YouTube
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?
I'm torn between Virginia Woolf and Georgia O'Keefe.
Ok.
Just checked.
Yup.
It's enormous.
Wow.
Bigger than Favre's ego.
Thanks LD.
I hope your knee is feeling better.
xo
I'm calling it early: faculty become a Gadfly to the Church in NYC over the next few years
Im so in love with Justin Bieber new song
Your mom  Jeffree Star
I know we're doing CSS right now, but don't SASS me.
I get bonus nerd points for making a CSS joke.
Love you too!!
How was Italy?
lol like...
Somewhat resembles Andy Six :P
3 of the SC top ten were Calipari players.
Dorsey, , and Wow
I love how Sylvia Fine always appears on Happily Divorced!
I know that's not her real name but she will always be Sylvia Fine to me!
Looking forward to this weekend...
Everyonehasthat1Friend that they wanna be something more with.
thieves break into several body shops...find out what they took...coming up at 11
Just 2 be clear, UK would lose.
Charlotte is atrocious  tms dont play starters but no way are they going 2 allow themselves 2 lose 2 UK.
hope your ready for me nd rob to com back
I hate goodbyes :'
Fergie Duchess of York the utlimate example of entrapment and the undervaluation of mothers and women present in western society
anii de:C:C e sheh :P
Happy Thanksgiving!
Need Ah New Default...
Any ideas ?
Thank you!
Have I met her?
No.
So, yes I mind that she can hang with you and the guys and I can't
what are you directing these days?
I don't like your shirt.
You should just take it off..
Seriously, people go to Stagecoach?
Andy Pettite signs Minor League deal with the Yanks, getting the band back together?
the sparknotes community is so strange
Each workout is broken down so that learning is easy and you can grow at your own pace.
yes!!
i want that too
for sure man I'm here all break
Pound for pound should easily win against anyone.
But will American race issues get Romney in the WH?
How does one whole side of a town smell like garlic??
Everyday we get a little closer.
Cheers to a great afternoon!
I miss you!
That's all.
Happy ground hogs day
Good morning Twitter fam!
Everyone have a good day :
20thingsaboutme 4.
I'm really insecure, but everybody tells me they can't understand why.
In order to be the man you have to beat the man!
Your time is coming soon.
I walk into my bathroom and my dog walks out of the shower whattheactualfuck.
And she scared me too lmao
Mfs get mad when you be real with dem but they always say just be 100 with me.
sorry baby I love you
Well, thank you so much!
Nice to have your vote of confidence :
what a loser
and you KNOW THIS..man!
follow me.
PLEASE.
I love you.
true mom  dot nonsense i am sure!!!
Have fun :
I'm gonna make some tacos tonight thanks to lol!
mywordoftheday enjoy // life, love, liberty and the pursuit of happiness

and to violate would be oppression.
Thomas Jefferson's first inaugural addoctorss, March 4, 1801
Hoffman: terrorists can frame their own message on Web in ways not possible before Internet.
I think Turley Curd is a moniker for Curley Turd that he knows he can't say on the radio.
With three rows of seating, the MKT's unique suspension system promises a comfortable ride for up to seven passengers
Thank you, Sarah!
Happy Mothers' Day!
I need a job and I'm not gonna stop looking til I find one
happy birthday!
By sending daily emails with 30 discounts I guess..
lol ...
Beautiful day
Celebrating International Coaching Week Multicultural Coach for his great work
Tonight we'll be chatting with about their translation app and the future of voice command technology.
Join us at 10pmCT/8pmPT
5 a.m.
bedtime after major project work is done.
8:30 alarm.
Not asking students to do anything I won't do.
Listenin to Under the Mistletoe in May ...; lmfao 3
whos next to perform nine72 after hour..........you decide
re: interracial families in short ch books: try series, Brendan Buckley's Universe, Calvin Coconut, Tiger Turcott
Yea Ms.
Reilly's exam
BOOM!
Thanks for being a part of it all...
No matter how hard you try, someone is trying a lil harder than you
this is good news!!
I am trying to write more, send good vibes!
Let's do Jake's Deli one of these days!
make it FabulousTweetpeeps
...
TOO delicious.
: yesterday, I learned why you don't do paintball for your birthday party cc:  lol
ready to go pump some iron.
12 s/b, 9, probably.
There may be some stuff 9 yo doesn't get, but it's inoffensive.
One has some blood, but no sex or violence.
This masters 6 screen coverage is something serious
where have you been bitch
It's a compliment and you better say thank you.
lol.
Tantalum Chip Capacitors deliver high CV value.
I bet!
Trying to imagine what it would b like to live in a country w/ Santorum  Gingrich in charge.
Painful just thinking about it.
just DM the names.
And why are you at their table?
fridayreads also reading The Castle of Otranto for school.
what do we get out of this?
Seems like Colleen and I are doing all the work.
PAUSEContinue to pray for the Seau family.
Pastor Miles is on KOGO right now and Fox5 at 10pm sharing his thoughts
so wait, if Mayweather is going to jail for beating up his exGF, why do people like him so much?
Special thanks to for being the first radio station to play our music.
Just a few weeks later we're being picked up by !
New Client: Aztec Construction, Inc.
New website coming soon for this MN based company.
Excited to work with this client.
Watch the big game tonight at Fatso's!
IUBB fans and UK fans may never get along but both share an intense passion for basketball.
Check out some of latest tweets
Please create a ItsAlwaysSunny themed storagewars, you could so much with that FX storage war, storage war!
personally I like Blackberry but hate their utter lack of vision
Glad to hear it!
Yes, I get a little better each day.
:
its early but the weather is going to be very warm today in ATL.
It was kinda hot yesterday, so doctorss for it :
Feed my sheep.
No problem.

doctorams are unrealistic, impractical, demanding   absolutely essential to living a rich and fulfilling life.
these Yankee games lately are painful to watch !
OMG...
I've heard Stronger like 5 times in the last 10 minutes  I can't help but think of !!
:
There were some moments of bromance during that last song with 's Gary lighted and
happy Birthday Kendall.
god night bed time 3
I heard you got engaged Janel, congrats!
We saw your engagement photos online!
Lovely!!!!
Learn to make your point within one to three minutes it will keep you relevant.
best90squotes You are the weakest link, good bye
officially signed with 1 of the TOP agencies in town!
Thanks for making me 1 of the cool kids
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth!!!
GAB, and a recall election to fill her seat will be held without her name on the ballot.
win and beat the Shitcago Cubs!
Great 2 b at miller park.
Aren't cubs baby bears?
Bears and cubs both suck
In a worth dying for mood.
do you mind checking your DMs from me?
I hate mothers day, the end.
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.Flaubert,G.
Stayed home today:
thanks Adam!
Appreciate your presence.
Agreed.
It seems incredibly outrageous for someone who has had a pretty good reputation in the past.
RT : At one time doctors recommended cigarets for digestion!
Cocaine cough medicine was OTC.
Both give to preg women.
today has been the first day i finally rested since the cruise!
You should follow me:
Lunch datePortuguese breakfast specialso deliciously full.
Haven't eaten this much since I don't know when.
Not liverfriendly but whatevs
haha yeah we kinda have been strangers :P and its alright
girls were fun, exciting and eager to work the cam
Thanks for the follow just started working with an SEO company, Ill be learning from your feed.
Had a wonderful day and evening of campaigning for Walden, Jarvis, and Eisenhower!
Trust me, they'll be one of the first stops!
I'm off my game this morning.
I blame...um...myself.
Life was so much easier when your clothes didn't match and boys had cooties!
Anonymous
Don't doctorwn the man who taught you to swim
u never hit me up
lightweight lol.
Have fun
awww.
so cute!!!
Merry Christmas Eve!
Have a great day
Waiting to see Hunger Games minus all the screaming 13 year olds.
One perk of empty afternoons.
Allen Cooper invites us to join families in acknowledging the west Mesa murders.
On 400 Roma NW, Sept 18
yourock yep!
That's one of the many reasons I love Maker Studios!
In which case, I should still get it.
Because.
I'm a boss
Glad you enjoyed the ice cream!
One Direction Mania: Activated!
gonna buy their album, go to their concerts, buy merchandises!
their music AMAZING!
ThingPeopleDoThatGetMeMad , Take Shit Off My Plate Without Asking .
My second to last tweet that's starts with see  I think is the best one
of course not!
You know darn well Delilah doesn't air in Omaha until later!
Time for a run!!
Welcome man!
Hope things are well with you!
Fantasy Ink: Weird Tales, J.
Allen St.
John
Accidentally did some screenwriting today.
I knew my complete lack of a social life would eventually be revealed as my mutant power.
lol..
no it's crushed stone.
Just looks like dirt.
;
If God didn't want me to doctornk too much beer he would not have made to so cold and yummy
see what
Our mascot is a vengeful God
I totally agree!
It was totally worth the pain on monday!
HA!
Au contraire, your tweet was excellent.
I'm just doctorlling into the how, as much as the what and the evil, of the embedded app.
Buffalo has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians!
Be sure to support your local artists!
zap You would tweet me back, bro /:
Really glad is back.
I wasn't too comfortable with having a backfield filled with 1 or 2 yr players.
His blocking is vital
yes no service...still problems
what's good my brotha !!!
Thanks to all who made our first day on the East side worthwhile.
Your such a slut
lol well maybe you shouldnt get in whipped cream fights...
going purchase a football helmet for me and a dome size bucket for big head
The song that makes you think of a specific person
I just took the most amazing hour nap.
It was so needed.
Now time for business...
Alley Katz it is gentlemen.
Tower of power!!
Haha
no idea but mad props for mentioning one of my favorite bands of all time
is this a quiet subsidy to private sector.
iwoulddoanythingfor some chocolate
People will respond to you on Twitter if you are helpful to them says at
Goodbye twitter/life.
Be back in a week.
;
followmekianlawley just do it already
Don't worry about what others think.
People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
ill be there too matty
still waiting too how timberlake's purchase might revive it.
What goes around comes around.
Thats what people say.
So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I'll miss you Jarret Johnson  Cory Redding.
Sincerely.
But have fun not winning a Super Bowl.
Welcoming new client, Mary Feldt with Park Towne.
ahh ok Good deal.
It's open already?
5 second call???
Are u SERIOUS???
NBA refs fail
what's the name?
And where are you from?
Yep!
As of a few weeks ago.
MT : Wait, is now ?!
good to know!
:
It's College Radio Day!
Can anyone tell us where to find DeVry University's station?
Will look it up right now!
J
Hey.
I'm pretty sure I know the answer, but are you going to be in NY for my graduation?
Took my iPhone out its case to change the screen protector, forgot how sexy this phone was so sleek
Glee or fun.?
Can I join?
No.
You do not have the right to whine about the lineup of a show that's FREE.
Sorry.
she had split ends and a really cheap doctorss punkd omfg crying
Romney Praises MegWhitman Poised 2 Cut 30k Jobs.
Romney fired thousands of Americans  Bain, he would respect Whitman firing 30k ppl
Who ever heard of a rich liberal anyhow?
Although...
u gotta make bank to cop a nice bag of weed these days.
Got that going on..
craving coconut water w/ the pulp!!
See what you do to me!!
Lol love ya girl!!
We do it.
Why has been suspended?
Still No Power
howdy there..doing well here..we should chat soon..love to catch up
Happy birthday  hope it's been a good one.
Thank you for saving Cougartown!!!
ough, should be celebratin it everyday instead of waitin for one day to finally decided to do somethin nice.
Its still a regular, jus wi ...
On my way to the Hilton for 2011grantsshowcase ; traffic is backed up on 240; going east on walnut grove instead
man you're really missing out kid this life is great lbs hahaha let me stop rubbing it in
The Four Ms.
Bradwells by is my
truuuuuuuuuuuu........we gotta match up
Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into a even smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill designed for the purpose.
I heart SkyPriority.
Your LGA Terminal C team rocks!
Thanks, I appreciate it!
And yes I am
Follow owner of
Always nice to go back to things you've written and find that they actually make sense.
at least i got my acg boots
Hahaha!
It's DJ twitter rush hour.
AC BABY AC PARTY :
VHS or Beta just blew up the Empty Bottle people.
Soul clap?
HAHAH I'm the one who taught HIM LOL
Brr cold!
And 60 next week???
Crazy
re: loading down citations with tons of metadata.
IMO, citations should be lightweight  let's not try to boil the ocean
Thanks for the RT!
You really are Rev.
Danny Fisher, right?
Happy Mother's Day!
Hope you have a wonderful day with all your little miracles 3
she's just hoping it has a conversation with her.
I really should go to bed
Yay!
When are you going?
Fuck g shock watches for not letting me buy the one I wanted
I lift things up up an but them down
you should!
And when you do, feel free to say hi...
or throw tomatoes at me lol
I need to learn to doctorve a stick and get my god damn lisence.
I am sick of being told no when I ask for a ride to school.
Just added on KPIG 107.5 in Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo  Who do you think you're foolin and Between the lines.
Yay!!
Never letting my little sister barrow my black converse ever again.
fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug....
Are you going to make it to our SLP presentations tomorrow?
Sam Adams is the main reason I know what season it is.
We're aware that the site is down.
We're working to get it back up soon!
Thanks for your patience!
In Fallbrook this AM  homicide detectives spent the night searching a home as part of the investigation into Brittany Killgore's death.
exnavy ad on facebook...
the rest should read....
hurry...
theres still time....
join the army before you family finds out you're gay.
HAM!RT : whatcha think bout it
miss you too baby girl.
Feels better my love.
Wait, today is Friday?
Cool....
Very solid road win for the Hoosiers tonight  NC State..
Final 86  75.
Best of the Crean era
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
If we are to fear anyone, it should be God.
We live in awe and aspiration of Him.
Twitter takes one's sense of entitlement to a whole new level.
I love reading your tweets because I know your watching the parade too !
when are you coming back
you mean ?

that's the truth.
Not even a Redskins fan but man if my Chiefs woulda figured out a way....
Because of shock value?
RT Karmin SERP rank is 2 for suicide roll hairdo see the power of keyword marketing?
Happy 4th!
The studio and store will be closed today.
We'll be back as usual tomorrow!
Derek Lowe retires the Angels 123 in the first inning
make that 13
P.S.
if you got a direct message from our Twitter account DON'T RESPOND  it's phishing
Thanks!!
BTW you are in a very nice part of KY.
NABEFCareerFair is coming to Vegas!
Get a job in TV or radio, talk with a broadcast industry career coach and network with recruiters!
anyone who has an iphone, facetime me now.
i just waiting :
dont know if were making more but if we start selling them ill let you know
It's nice to start feeling almost human again.
In my internet country, WLNIA, too.
doctor time in PNW.
Make sure to stock up on water.
U needa bring some of your friends down here lol
thanks for the shoutout !
we like you too!
Yeah, do that and eat your Wheaties and you might actually live to see 5 feet tall!
everyone went to see Bundy pitch.
i'm gonna annouce my follower of the hour 17 mins so tweet me if u wanna be my follower the the hour :D
Nothing better than being with your family ,  appreciating someone really special , I love you mom :
FUCK that is so me.
my frizzy ass hair ..
lol it was gabby i know it!!
lol
I think that's good for me!
hey I saw you!
Any list of 100 Great Guitarists that does not include Keith Richards but does include Skrillex is ultimately very artful trolling.
Er ignore that last tweet.
Niece is competent!
Thanks for becoming members!
DM us your info and we'll make sure you're all set.
Happy Monday!
Blk i p's more important Fergie didnt perform well at all.
The Chx from glee was lame 2.
She's sang well just dnt like the way it ws dun
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for watching!
did my dog really just chew my headphones....
again.
will do brotha
Now that was fun.
Lets ride this.
Common sense is grossly overrated and may be the antithesis of disciplined Critical Thinking.Don
Need to plan LUNCH!
The more we dwell on what we don't want, the more we get it.
Hello Miami!
tweeting to get connected
Not yet, but it's in the works.
Thank you for asking.
I'll be sure to let you know when it's up and running.
did i take nyquil instead of dayquil or am i just this doctorwsy..what is wrong with me today.
You were?!
I must have missed you!!!
How are you?
How was your taping?
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Awesome  looking forward to it!
hahaha yes it is : x
A lot of Brewers fans are in denial.
Braun cheated.
i luuuuuuv it....this is my motto...i try 2 emphasis this 2 ppl all the time..i call em CC's aka Chronic Complainers
TONIGHT WE ARE YOUNG SO LET'S SET THE WORLD ON FIRE
WTF my laptop is gonna die grr
these are the best quotes ever !
Happy to find some with out cuss words finally !
Slick Living Apparel from
Tonight lets be lovers, then tomorrow go back to being friends.
help me get my 50 in ts :
Lol  cutting our neighbors tree.
Even though she clearly told us, she'd call the cops if we ever touch her tree again.
yeah .
were recording our EP for Maybach Music, but we got some fam over at Konvict.
both information meetings went great.
thanks to everyone who showed up.
keep spreading the word around and get more girls to join
Can you play Stellar Phoenix by David Geftakys?
plz?
IN LOVE SAYSOMETHIN OMG LOVE IT !!!
We must meet.
K ?
K 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY VIEJA!!!!!!
Love you :D
Whale Wars finale
That moment when you feel like everything's falling down.
If you.
had a wise or a planning in life what would it be
All the fun is in how you say a thing.
Robert Frost
this cold air making me sleepy...
Budget vote today.
Don't forget to vote Rocky Point!
If u missed it Blake Shelton's  Salt River Fields  we have tickets 2 give away 4 Woodjock fans.
We'll keep u posted how u can win!
Oh, boy, doggonnit.
The Wife's been using my computer again, which means I just sent a bunch of emails to librarians .
.
.
from my wife.
it may be that more people prefer to be passive audience vs.
active community?
I call dibs on her lol ;D
Looking forward to my lunch date tomorrow with at :
The 5th six weeks ends on April 12.
I'm counting the days.
Can we see it online ?
I just supported Gran Lakou dancing troupe in Haiti to buy costumes for Karnaval.
They are a proud and talented LGBT inclusive...
Yes!
RT : Hey Houston startups, coming to ?
USA Waterpolo is interested in me!
Spurs starters: Tony Parker, Danny Green, Kawhi Leonard, Boris Diaw and Tim Duncan.
It is a monstrous moment w/the glasses, but the play prepares you for it; Kitty's taken every other thing away from her.
Show on the 10th at Brooks Landing starts  7 and goes til midnight.
The line up of performers is like a who's who in ROC entertainment !!!!
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Traffic already!!!
Watch out with all the stupid idiots on the road!
is Facebook looking to buy ?
I'm seeing a lot of facebook friends being very active on quora all of a sudden...
u the baddest of them all
Hi!
Do you have tips on how to foster constructive conflict and hence more collaboration in a totally conflict averse culture?
hopefully the sub did some teaching/learning while not following the lesson plan.
New biz idea: an Unsubcribe All button.
Removes you from all junk email lists in 1 click.
Anyone?
Google?
Bueller?
Overhead business students talking about paying taxes: It's weird.
The more you make the less you get back.
where's ?
If it walks like a duck  talks like a duck it is defiantly a pilar bear in a duck costume.
I ain't never got used to...
Being what I used to..
Be
This the type of weather misterRogers would come out too  speak the bullshit
Jordan says the district will also creation of an option on the hotline for employees to report wrongdoing
BurgMYT I ate pizza.: 5 today.
Had a great week!!!
I still cant figure out how da fuck my nigga get killed n he was n da POLICE CUSTODY
That one person you can count on for anything 
It's the struggles you manage on your own which your friends nor family can see which makes you independently stronger
One of the most difficult things to do is to think of a color that doesn't exist.
Here we go again SMH
I always knew you'd be a star!
sighted on late lunch  a beer on the near west side earlier this week LOLZ
Thanks for the follow back!
official timeout in 3rd of
Sounds interesting.
Will we be seeing some report or publication based on this investigation that we can take a look at?
me too.
Ive got a hunch my examples are linked but I might be crazy.
Hopefully reading Steigler/David's answer will fix my brain
lol gone on some where bear !
don't start with me !
Being good and making money is not an either/or.
You have to be creative, but you can do both.
For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations.
Amen and Amen
The link to the the clip from yesterday's show points to the wrong segment!
Desperately.
Want.
To.
Link.
To do list: get on a plane to Kauai tomorrow morning and forget about everything else.
yes, I know just how lucky I am!!
thanks for the follow.
Look forward to your tweets!
I hit my 2000 follow mark and can't follow until I have more follows.
: If Colorado doesn't..enact CivilUnions, we will look like Mississippi  be really ashamed of ourselves really soon.
I would much rather try it than see it being demonstrated to me, which may be the easiest way to show, but not to learn it
2dayyyyyy!!!
I can't wait...
i go to and we go to....?
NeXt session 33
Just had an interesting debate on difference between social darwinismnatural selection.
Sad it was in need of clarification
: yes.
!
I obvi counted you.
Heck you're staying with me there the whole summer ....
everyone looks great on this montage, but Adam Sandler looks like he was off to get bagels at the bodega
ur not jeep cool anymorr, trader
you have the worst tweets
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Question from the audience: What's a typical day like?
1thingiwant4christmas is a girlfriend that doesn't seem to have a problem with never ending reflections of eternal love
Who the lineup this year for SILYMI?
We are super excited to visit Live this afternoon!
One hour until Texas and Cincy tip off in Nashville!
Tweet us your score predictions!
We have to take advantage of these situations when we can.
:
they're all at working making lattes...
Another bar receipt in my purse, I need to stop taking my card out with me
WE can get some LOVE from the NHL Network!!!!!!
Say what's up to Mike J.
Check you guys out on the Network tonight.
DEEP!!!
Morning!
Mom says she is going 2B hell on wheels 2day.
?
I don't care if she's the Pope just feed me.
Gotta go sit by my bowl and look weak.
thanks for favoriting my tweet!
I am a life coach and we started a new page to chat, I would love to share the link?
Not belated.
Ditzy Colleen thought you posted that yesterday.
Derp.
;
I would love a barebones playlist.
Also team tactical.
I wouldn't mind having 5 or 6 ppl in coop.
Aw no don't!
I posted the link you can watch it :
Your just somebody that I use to know
RT : Gayle Smith of the National Security Council says food insecurity undercuts, inhibits 's priorities for the world.
I haven't changed my BG in like two years.
Because what it says hasnt changed and never will.
I'll always be proud to support
right back at ya!3
Twin Cities archdiocese says gave 650K last year to support gay marriage ban; dwarfed by antiamendment group but others still to report.

I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career.
I was interested in who was coming to the childoctorn's birthday party, what my...
At iron works studio wit  workin on this record.
HAPPY to b member of Family.
Instructions from WolfPAChg to follow?
New days, new ventures...
Email/mention for blogger opportunities !
Also we are looking for clothing designers to work with.
The Script  Maroon 5  you unless you're doctorke ;
HA HA, LOL, LOVE THE CHOCOLATE STRENGTH!
I'm working on the wine now!
lol Have a fab day gorgeous!
Ima just go jump off a cliff now
We do!
Check out the front of the store the next time you doctorve by!
If the weather is nice we usually have it extended.
Next few weeks are London, LA, Vegas and NYC, but hopefully Oz for Xmas.
Hop that pond!
Very fun show at tonight!
excellent.
Put it on the calendar.
: we should make a distinction between metaphors and vague language.
Vagueness is precisely defined, though hard to model
Yay Friday  payday!!
SAVE.
GIVE.
FEEL GOOD.
Daily deals with meaning...coming soon to
: xo ..
I want a lot of goodmorning tweets when I wake up goodmorning big daddy primo lmfaoo :
we are anxious to hear your style tips ; tonight at our WeddingCakeVodka launch!
If you aren't at The Mill in Prattville, get here!
It's going to be a fun show!
lavender essential oil is supposed to keep moths away and it smells better than naphthalene
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information.
Thank you
Dallas is working today!
Haha
Sending a proposal to FO on Monday for your services.
Text me back ASAP.
Finally back home.
Where I belong3
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
But how we know who to look for?
how would we know if we found him, ?
Man w/ journal?
okay sweet tizz
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there.
We definitely couldn't be who we are without youespecially 
At post office, pink Floyd playing, funny!
Big Idea: students can choose what to do and can be proud of the product eg building a solar car, or developing a musical instrument
RT You don't create jobs by cutting thousands of jobs that educate ppl on how to get or create better jobs.
Still on a high from our amazing show with SWOON at the Cantab last Saturday.
Thanks to everyone who came out!
I'm a lucky girl living in Tucson Arizona, enjoying the sunshine and good weather here.
I like to DIY things a lot!
Dog that shit already leaked and is weak as hell RT : LASERS 2days !!
Pumpkin Pie Oh My!
Your feet will not only laugh w/yummy thoughts, but will thank you for this Holiday scented Foot Scrubby
I wanna go to Menchies this week!
Are a member of FetLife?
Its never too cold for ice cream!
It makes me sad to know that no matter how important you are to me I'll never be that important to you...
reckless kelly, sunny sweeney, mickey and the motorcars, and the damn quialls!!
Awesome weekend!!!
.: Wondering if you want to sign wave for DM me.
We'll hook you up w/ a sign.
: One of a Gemini's coldest features is their ability to totally detach themselves from any emotional situation GeminiSignz
Took 18 hour flight from LA to Bangkok with 18 month old across the aisle from me.
She was nearly flawlessonly one little whine
great service and wonderful company!
My wife's laptop is about gone.
It'd be a better investment to toss it into the freaking ocean.
Then it'd be a Dell...rolling in the deep.
you'll kill it!
But when's Boston's show?!
I love the sound you make when you shut the fuck up ;
It's a good day: graduates from Full Sail University today, and has her MFA reading tonight.
So proud of these women!
Looking for a Richmond, VA Realtor for a friend who's planning to sell.
Any suggestions?

Hi Kathy Thank you so much for following ArchieRose Music.
When you have Music in your life, you are never alone 
Congrats to WilliamsF1 and Pastor Maldonado on their win today in Spain!
Baaahhh!!!!
.
and put a bong in the dugout ferchrissakes.
whatever it takes to hit the reset button.
go sfgiants !
it's usually BLAMEstorming not BRAIN storming that happens!
1st place or 2nd place they are still gonna spank the Bulls in the playoffs like they did last year .
Please dont face Big Show.
oh you know...just to like Target and stuff.
Welcome to the Space Room Lounge, where doctorams are known to come true.
First WaPo delivery at the new addoctorss and there aren't any coupons.
I'm not paying for news!
Have you told your friends about us?!
Share our page!
Stay tuned for exclusive offers :
YOU'RE MEAN.
: Texas is by far the best!
Whys that?
Text me
Want the Youtube link?
3
it's ok 3
Just finished taping Newsmakers with Bill Bryant of WKYT.
Now headed to Covington to participate in the Magistrates Candidate Forum.
Sorry it was a little loud at the start of your meal!
We gravely regret any harm we have brought our members in the process of launching our protest via
I love your guys' song!!
It's flipping awesome!!
:
Face value is 15 each.
60 for all 4 seats.
thanks!!!
Yours ain't too bad either!
And thanks for representing my birth town!
Namaste!
Way to go Obama...
it takes a tremendous amount of strength to go stick with your convictions rather than give in to the will of others...
By saying that people are going to think we are going to have a 3 way.
Hahaha.
i tried aha
done and done!
Every day we are closer!
I did thats why I was like HAHA WHAT RT : Omg it's a Ja'mie King quote like how dare you not know that one.
no sleep but i finished my 20 page paper!!!!!
my professorsaid i couldn't do it in 24 hours i did it in 12!!!!
and its 30 pages :
Sorry I guess I am too busy on my reading level to be on your CIA level
Such a beautiful day out
Locke horks for great justice!
Chilly MN love from our emergency vet procat Mhenlo 3
Pleasure!
Thank you for supporting Boys Hope Girls Hope of Detroit!
even has 100000 followers more than u.
It's kind of embarrassing please do something about that thx

Today is taking forever!
I just want to go see and
Hello and good morning.
In order to bring social media to vegas...i need help putting on an event.
We need 25 people to make this happen.
No I dnt but you get use to it after so long RT : You Like Staying Up ?
Awww,..
I love ya love!
Oh ok,..
I'll be waiting for your call ;  Have a good day at work!
The Mail Online overtakes the New York Times website as the most visited newspaper site on the web, according to new data.
I just said circle back on a call.
Someone please punch me in the back of the head
ONE UP WELCOMES THE GATHERING OF NATIONS TONIGHT !!!!
GRAND ENTERY PARTY TONIGHT !!!
How the hell does my mom ban me from leaving the house until she comes home when I have to go grocery shopping for her ???
Epictetus Know first who you are and then adorn yourself accordingly.
would love to read some of your stuff
Hey Debbie.
Miss seeing you here in ABQ.
How are you?
OH BET UR ASS I IS!
cool.
I last talked to them in Jan.
and they were still working out the kinks so I was just curious.
fresh at 106  From Pucci to Pudding
I wait in line, make my order, wait even more for crap coffee.
Thanks for sucking I'm going to
Best Hooks gig yet.
Roll on 2011.
I can't thank you all enough.
newt is always ok.
Follow of the Laredo Lemurs!
bigJON has LemurFever !
Where did they host big conferences on campus before WID and the new Union South?
Just get out here and work.
Thats what we did before social media.
Maybe I'm old, but...
ah nevermind
I'm gonna cuz I miss u!
Hi!!
Can you you email me at regard a celeb event for Bo Jackson in June.
Thanx!!!
Ben Vershbow, NYPL, also mentions edge to core; emerging as a key concept
They tell you what to know but it's better to believe.
What did the Horny Goat get on his SAT test?
Testing from my phone
SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARIN
Haven't tweeted in forever!
miss twitter :
back on T61 but not as active as before.
No community tools.
:
Good Morning tho 
Writing a simple javascript for a mouse rollover to text.
Just landed another web redesign job!
colemensurveying.com/newsite/indext.htm
Haha great plan!
:P
late night officer meetings!
:
Now carrying Flying Dog Brewery's Raging Bitch IPA  Founders Dirty Bastard!
We didn't name them!
We just like the way they taste.
Well Milwaukee, congrats on the sustainable, local restaurants
good news is she's at home, in her own bed, with family.
it would be great to go that way.
I will have to send out a pound of Neuske's bacon to you both as a token of appreciation.
Online Rehab for Alcohol and doctorg Addiction can help all family members.
Low Cost!
399 for 90 days.
www.OnlineRehabClinic.com.
The scenes set Beyond the Wall on GameofThrones are unbelievably gorgeous.
Where is that?
A zip code should not determine a childs destiny
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You
excuse both of you.
It's Katniss and I believe I'm your girl?
Q1A/Q2A: New tech tools becoming second nature  we'll see increased specialization with narrow niche beats
heading back to San Francisco
I love u bestfriend
Is this true??
oh jeez, wont happen if there's no instigation
Well, I must say...Rock winning clean was indeed a huge surprise.
On Metro in DC and fellow rider is reading Emory Public Health magazine.
Emory is everywhere!
OMFG I HATE CRYING!!!!!!!!
UGH SOMEONE TALK TO ME IM LONELY AND SAD
Just When I Said I Want Some Reese's.
Good Reese's Pieces I Just Found.
:
It got real lol RT How I doctoram about fighting some girl for taking my parking space at Popeyes  lol
well....
remember what you were like or who you were before the epiphany...
Had a crazy as night wit mah niqka's wish the bro' was chylling wit us to.
// now on mah way to the casa
who does everyone pick for the superbowl?
That awkward moment when someone asks you to sign their yearbook,  you don't even know them.
Lol
Wow!
thank you blushing
I hate Omniture.
lmao let's play real base ball
I was just about to doctorp something from my cart because amazon had a better price, suddenly 65 auto discount!
turnbased strategy game called Proximity.
Will keep eye out 4 Waking Mars!
Getting BurgerKing for lunch with my dad :
Where are the SWMadison group photos?
On a Facebook Page?
I totally nailed the jumpwithhandsupwhilesittingdown shot!
TAGME!
I don't get it.
Is this some kind of april 1st non prank?
Mosdef is a sensational rapper
: William Gay needs to released after the game.
RT this should have been released after the Superbowl
I might have read one of her pieces, but never really heard of her until yesterday.
So crazy how quickly it escalated.
lets get married.
We will soon be traveling to Orlando again for a Convention.
Did you know we doctorve double the amnt of traffic to your booth?
Rebel needs clans so we can spotlight them on our website!
casual, hardcore, it doesnt matter!
get at for details!
RT
: thanks for the reminder!
B Thankful fr Being Alve!
Love to one and ALL!
Live debate tonight!
channel 9, 7pm, or listen on KUOW.
Debate will be on KCTS9.org afterward.
seattle jh
SMSK tickets go on sale this Thursday at all area Wegman's...
6/9, 2 bands, Nola's.
Come party wiht !!!
grooving to some funky music and hitting the mountain Wednesday for some snow boarding.
Just when you think you've hit rock bottom, it gets worse.
This Week's Coffee Chats will host the Tiger Woods Learning Center  Corporate Executive Board Come chat with us!
But many of the opponents were women, too...
I think there is one at the natural history museum
Considering my job, I should know better than to fall for these toogoodtobetrue social marketing 'offers'.
There's ALWAYS a catch.
DOH!
When she makes sure to say friends 3 times in 3 conversations, I think there's some subtext happening...
thank you : 3
Ok.
Fast Day1.
Had to go out w/ a bang for last night.
We actually took it quite easy but wine was necessary.
Its been a looonngggg day.
Just sent u a text since I couldn't DM u back on here my man.
Cleveland Critical Mass is two weeks from today, help spread the word!
is pleased to announce that we have teamed up with Metro Family Massage and now offer great massage packages for our brides!
did big bubba get to u last night........
that's what I was told.
:
I was being thick.
Wasn't at last night's debate, but thought I remembered Carl being absent.
Nope.
Some other.
No reinstall yet  just installed it today.
Thought it might have something to do with Jetpack, as I haven't used that before.
I was always terribly shy, so a great thing that acting has done for me has forced me out of myself and made me more generous.
Judy Davis
lol i was finna say fucki it, back in tha lab tonight
Beat gramma is cards
uhh...
I think you spelled 'kidoctoruhl' wrong ;P
thanks for making your guess about the restaurant.
I'm looking fwd to see who guessed right!
All guys should learn from Mario Bros.
No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her.3
Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change.
Iyanla Vanzant
RT Be ungettable and you shall get.
ahh, miss that place!!
See, now you have a reason to miss Rich city
For a second there, thought music shelflisting would be easy.
Then I picked up a Chopin piano sonata.
But success!
Ah!
Probably.
Oh well.
It might improve my Klout score.
It doesn't say it'll be Parks  Rec and Community's final seasons though.
Unless I'm reading it wrong.
I love when u get into ur car and 4 songs in a row are ur favorites!
What r the chances of that!
Bulls giving a lot time to their starters.
Pointless game, too.
R the pacers that much under their hide?
Paul Lambert has a LOT of football experience in that head of his.
Very underrated.
I'm at Beta Brokers, where are you?
Check in on neybor.com on your mobile.
Happy Easter!!
Love U, 2!!
My cooking tonight is a study in crosscontamination.
would be so, so proud.
And by 'proud' I mean 'weeping uncontrollably.'
RT : Rokita amendment will reduce the number of employees at Department of Education.
holy shit I got u good fucker eat the soap rabbit oh hell gimme the god damn soap!!
Sales today at Sherwood location: 20 off all furniture, buy one get one free DVDs, CDs, and TVs so you can relax indoors with the AC on!
Thank you for the mention!
Have a great night :
nicely done, BU.
and are pretty solid followups to
Don't be a girl that needs a man.
Be a girl that a man needs3
Yes!
Just when I thought the show couldn't get any better...
I ain't even made that they hating on Lebron!
F it!
Join the damn club!
Hi Mona!!!
Just checkedin at the CHEERS Beverage Industry Conference!!
Going to be a great 3 days!!
It has to end no later than May 9.
They will run out of legislative days by then.
Ha!
Oh lordy.
Have fun this weekend cheering on Lyd!!
Exhale love.
Choose Strife
pause.
Like for real for real cancelled?
Off work, going to see me best for a bit :
why is every episode of Cops shot in Broward County, FL or somewhere near Melbourne?
explain please!
Nice piece on Copycat Project
Btw first day at work went well
Today was quite an unusual day.
I carried the weight of unfinished business most of the day.
Thank God for tomorrows
Craig Sager's suit actually looking pretty normal today
So smart.
It amazes me sometimes
Al picks up the valuable shoe sales account for Sterling Cooper doctorper Bundy on this week's
I am in love with
God Bless you my Brother.
Love from Miami.
Would love t o open an outreach in this city.
We need it.
Big Brothers Big Sisters hosts Bigs  other friends  fun mixer tonite 58 at Humphrey's on Laclede Ave.
Join us!
why does my tuesday have a case of the mondays?
Ok Cool.
I have a meeting in midtown at 7:30.
Gonna try to make it after if it doesn't go too late.
tinker tailor soldier spy at union south yo
Awesome tribute to the troops from Keith Urban.
An effective SEO campaign can bring a higher return on your investment than any other type of marketing for your company.
Pls RT
Try Annie's or Kashi brand granola bars, they're 100 natural and one of the best choices!
Ur welcome love!!
Good luck with the NYX face awards i helped u out with alil vote!
I thought ur entry was super cute:
Thanks for the queue feature!
Excited to have the ability to prioritize my bookmarked course list.
Thanks to for sponsoring keynote, Glen Heimstra,
Great reporting Pierre and It takes balls to make the decision but Radulov has been lazy and a disappointment
Take that task on your list you've been doctorading  do it first!
Better to get it out of the way.
Or if it's a maketing task, just call us!
Come see us tomorrow.
We open at 11am.
Andoctorid phone back on deck.
Guess I'm back to tweet life :
This shit is serious
UPLOAD THAT SHIT
Thank you for the bday wishes, !
Was a wine  sun soaked weekend, sprinkled with pastries :
Heyy r either of yall goin to pride this summer ?
And in a shocking development, it's Sunday night and I can't sleep...
I agree
I forgot about you last night for the first in a long time I did .
I hate getting messages from you.
I hate the things you do.
Thank you for your awesome guidance last week re a video and renting a microphone!
Very kind of you to always help.
I wonder if the Republican House number falls below 30 in the KY State House after all the redistricting and current members leaving??
It's the 2nd round of the playoff edition of team trivia presented by tonight at 8:00!
Bring your game face people!
Ibanez can you at least WORK the at bat?
Day off, so...I'm digging into Pottermore.
Nine months after everyone else.
Yeah!
So hip.
Music Monday!
Plugged in the earphones at work  Listening to...
Taylor Swift: You belong with me.
Tweet if you are strongly opposed ;p
that sunburn from last week is now peeling off my face.
attractive.
Aww, where's Mickey when you need a hug???
RT : Disney is not being magical right now!!!
Opening night of La Cage Aux Folles tonight  Campus West,Welwyn Gdn City Herts!Glitz,spangles n men in doctorsses!!!Come see the show!!!
X
will do.
Mom already said thank you.!
You ever feel like your train of thought's been derailed?
Yum, sexy body!
I wanna lick you everywhere.
Chicago, we're coming for ya!
Greg Stink is in the house!!!
you guys been here longer than me.
If you could change one business decision you made in your career, what would it be?
Isles SH as Streit called for delay of game.
If we don't have enough to go to Phoenix this summer, I'll save up a bit more  fly somewhere to meet an ICONiac i love from twitter.:
Oysters in the house!
Choptanks and Blue Points.
Tis the season.
Chilean Sauvignon Blanc pairs nicely.
mike I'm in vegas are you working 2nite?
I wana say hi reaal fast.
Just realized why The Notebook is called The Notebook.
And a bigoted racist homophobe RT : It's not a RPW2012 convention if I'm not called a big government establishment neocon
RT : Don't do something that is permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset!
LIFE OF THE CLUB...
ARROGANT LIKE YEAH!
Hey FUCK THE MAVS ITS STILL WADE COUNTY
Joshua Tallent speaking about Ebook Design, Formats and Workflow stresses the importance of editing in quality ebooks.
Starting February 1, Simmons library will offer walkin reference service in the GSLIS Lounge Tues/Wed from 11:00am to 12:45pm.
It's doesn't matter what u say or what u do.
No one is going to take away my shine and happiness.
The moment you accept yourself.
More people will accept you.
love reading your great AE pieces!
we've got some cool things up our sleeve TweetSeats IdiotLA.
DM us asap!
Calling yourself 'Bournemouth' because Harry says it's a pleasure to play you YOLO
Big Week
You should notice the effect in 23 weeks.
I have been!
Cheers!
Watching Social Network and this is funny.
RT: Sorry Zuck, I had to do it eventually.
Funny  my genome's out there for the world to download, but I think Spotify's crazy for wanting me to share my music playlists!
mentally preparing for class  nothing like continuously compounded interest
keep them at bay.
Rabbits have devored my young leeks as well.
Thanks for the tweet!
Much Appreciation, Have A Great Weekend!
False alarm, Boy do I need coffee this morning!
MOTHER: Why on earth did you swallow the money I gave you?
JUNIOR: You said it was my lunch money.
Thanks for hanging out with us!
RT : Relaxing for a few : Will have to visit again on a open mic night and listen to...
missing nyc but so glad to see my house and my family again :
Funny how that is never their argument when the voting trends to the Left.
Im all for lettin a dude get his Aint Shitness out his system before trying to have somethin with me.
do you lil daddy please do you lol
CART?
What the heck happened?
All the LEEP 2ers are just leaving, most of them talking about crying all the way home and it being ok eventually.
I worry about this sometimes, given that if you're using a mirror you're optimizing for a flipped view...
Congrats to and on the new deal with the Texans.
2 hard working individuals doing well.
u r the greatest role model I could ever have.
I'm soo grateful to have you to inspire me.
Thank u  i love you!:
The LOOK: Blonde Is Beautiful  GoLocal Worcester
no problem!
It's great and WAY easy to use and connect to FB and Twitter...and you can connect with other bloggers easily too
Will you pretty please send me the picture of that cool Pop!
activity?
I really want pink balloons in my library too!
See you tonight!
Ricky Cruz is also on the show!
Going to be an awesome night!
I like your commitment to originality.
I anxiously await pictures of you cuddling with plants.
Kobe bailed OKC out bigtime: I can't even stunt, I thought OKC was about to take that L.
I feel like the Dallas Mavericks could upset OKC Thunder in the first round of the playoffs, a veteran team vs.
inexperience...
Home sick today; Bleck!
: Well as gutted as I am ...
That was unbelievable
I've always imagined a GoldBond ad with the word Bonding at the top w/ two dudes high fiving to a cloud of white powder
oh no!
Now you both are sick?!
TRAFFIC  EB Belt  Old Sauk  two lanes closed
RT : RT to take her out the game RT : MY BATTERY IS ON 4
Thank you sir!
Where you at these days!?
I want 2 challenge those  my church to take a stand for our communities stop being selfish taking laps 4 self
Why tf do I even go to this school.
RT My hateful antiYankees exegesis, 26 years in the making, in , out today
This early Sunday morning at church ;
So, let's embark on a new journey and say Adios, le book de face!
I aint being a baby!!!
You stop being a bully!!!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Flesh eaten.
HighLife doctornk.
Backyardbrush burned in a BBQ in a doctorveway.
doctornks watched.
New peeps.
Happy StPatricksDay, Milwaukee!
Both look good for me right now.
Thanks for a great bapi conference!
Appreciate you letting us share our API story and see you in Austin for SXSWi!
Create.
Protect.
Recycle: Cerebra touts innovative 360' cradletograve view of Supply Chain via IT, LPO, eWaste Outsourcing services combo
Yes number onee FAN
I would prefer buying new workout clothes or gloves for boxing than buying make up lol
Now I'm curious!
Text me.
great minds think alike
Watching the only movie that really makes me cry.
happy bday old man
no not nexus revo
1:43..that's one heck of a race, my friend.
Congrats.
Good for you, CC!
Remember all us little peeps ...
Benefit to pay burial expenses for Marble Rock woman is Saturday
Thanks for leapahead tweet, and for keynoting!
might as well call it game film.
Tell Darth Vadar we'll see him tomorrow in Pasadena.
thanks for sharing :
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void  disconnected to
atplc presenter uses materials from Bill Ferreter NC teacher.
Let's hear it for NC and Bill!
89183 zip...nice homes....prices in the low 100k's...rental rates 1200  1300 for 3/2...nice rental cash flow
Hooray!
Who's ready for a racist joke?
I know I'm ready to lose followers..
In the middle of nowhere.
No cell connection, internet too slow to upload photos, and gps can't update.
LAME.
WHERE IS CIVILIZATION.
Going to Western tomorrow, woop!
Too bad i have to wake up at 5:30, so I'm def.
going to bed early.
In the morning, I expect coffee.
Teen Mom Season 3?!
You left your music!
RT : 3 main topics of concern that Philadelphians expressed 2 : Public safety, vacant property  citizen tools.
Thank You!
You are all the best!
Hi You're a doll:
After this weekend's Wrestlemania patCAST, we'll announce another special episode in the works!
Also PatMania this Memorial Day!
Chuck yooooo he look flabby lmao!
Love is cursed by monogamy?
First day to the rest of my life.
:
I noticed you post some user pics on the blog...
feel free to use those photos if you want!
It's never too late
Lubys for lunch kept me on plan!
I'm winning
Happy Friday!!
:
Yaaay.
Totally freaking out with excitement!
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Austin!
We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
is working hard on my updates tonight and is..
well twittering.
yea yea yea whatever!!!!
Lol.
a wall like we were outside and he pushed me into asnow bank so I pushed him into like a brick wall
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon , your order HAS SHIPPED!!
Thanks for shopping AS  Enjoy 
Sean from Detroit, looking forward to the chat tonight
Merry Christmas to all and all a good nite!
cheers
Capitalism is a simple way of saying  I will take your worth, resale it, give u a fraction of it, and tax u.
love love love right back at'cha :
21ReasonsWhy I love 1.
His lip bite:
VIDEO: Mormon parents create gaysupport video
Who is a proven left tackle option in the doctorft?
You have right tackles already.
Who tryna run deez 5 miles wit me real quick?
It won't take no more than and hour....
exercise is a great way for me clear my head....
: Watching Fridays episode of Fringe this show keeps getting more and more awesome  U know we're gonna end on a cliff hanger
Made it to the Stanley Cup finals but lost to Montreal in 5.
The same team that won 11 games in OT during the playoffs.
Wow, who turned off the heat?
Its cold outside!
Eat McDonalds and go dancing al night long ,
Do U see how munch I need U right now.The pieces of my heart R missing U.My Love?
Happy Holidays from all of us !
Awesome win for the Bulls!
Derrick Rose...MVP :
Advertise with 4PM today!
Email to join the Ad program!
David West passed to ....
Well, I'm not sure.
the angels!
They're here!
nowplaying Justin Bieber  down to earth :'
Haha, I got in trouble in class for punching the book once.
Ha.
I hate it that much!
do you like yogurt
that makes sense.
Just can't help but squirm at recent gaffes at NPR.
Okay so was right...Dark Shadows is....eh.
News Jacobson takes lead in Shanghai Fredoctork Jacobson didn't see many low scores when he first arrived at Sheshan Internatio
Singing an old Leonard Cohen song.
That'd rigjt.
Stopped by parents to get things out of attic for them.
Going up, see Black Widow spider, think cool!
Going down, fuckers gone, PANIC!
I don't really like the new twitter for blackberry.
It's not cute anymore .
that is a pretty devastating title.
why not
Melina .
You are the best diva ever .
I had a broken neck.
Now it's fine.
Still have symptoms.
No timetable.
Just saved you an hour.
bahahah do u know who you are talking too??
i am obsessed with them!
love love love RHOBH lol
Yeesh.
Why do I let it suck me in, time after time?!?
So many snarky things to say!
Oh ...
yeah ...
Happy Friday!
Any big plans for this weekend?
I'm OO by WQED.
If you really want me, send email about where?
when?
for how long?
doing what?
and I submit it to panel.
Ending the day with a healthy dose of  self titled.
Makes for good anthem music to fight off the demons
we agree Rick...Most Engaging Athletes on Twitter Pt.
2?
Only an hour and 15 minutes until happy hour at BuddhaBar!
Escape work early and enjoy our fabulous specials on this beautiful day!
Its almost Xolos time
Thanks for following us !
We love partying at your club!
If only I had an Obama 2012 poster
if you're a major service provider there is no reason you shouldn't have live chat support.
T10 minutes to pitch.
Should be interesting:
30 States have 60 Senators that represent less then the 2 who represent California.
Now the lower chamber, the House..
wat u doing anyway??
Looking forward to my job tomorrow: Instilling feelings of guilt and inferiority to TED Talk audience members.
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
rumor has RHCP as a near lock to play ACL Fest in October
where you at girl?!?
We're all going out tonight!!!
Waiting for coffee to brew.
Starting work at 6am on a Saturdays is not fun.
The Vintage Closet in Ballard, you are my savior.
Thanks for helping me out ;
Vikings trade down, doctorft left tackle Matt Kalil
Not a bad gig..
i cant go to the moon and pacman workshop : ugh!!!!
5 min warning Metro Center
How does pocketing a listing benefit the home owner/seller?
Isn't MLS exposure and syndication a vital marketing ingredient?
I know that
press my follow button please,?
It would mean the world to me 3
Adding coupons to our website
Printed on the back of our shirts in college it read, The Texan Regrets the Error  Timely?
and make a go of it : Send over your info when you get a chance and share it with your Central ohio mommy friends!
Off to jack in the box for an adventure!
:3
many thanks for the mention Lorii!
Hope all is well!
The sun is out in Catonsville.
Happy Earth Day!!
:
how many graphic tees are you bringing to CO?
I've got 19
Highlights were a family travelogue of 1939 Worlds Fair, Civil War vets in Patchogue, and a hovercraft test off of Montauk Pt
follow me!
Now all i need is to follow me and my life will b complete :
Thanks Tom!
Happy Holidays!
Who would have thought the place to be on a thursday night was at a CPUC meeting in Kearny Mesa?
I have a trouble ticket into support but haven't heard back and no one is answering the phone.
Thanks, Rachel!
u nees to load that madden12 so I cud show u how niners functionea sports
yep, it's true, we're rockin' Johnny's Irish Pub this Friday night.
My inability to keep a straight face.
let me know if there's anyone I should see!
I need new friends...
I want to go to there.
: Anyone want my 700th tweet?:
What would you change about your smile?
Elliot wants a whiter smile.
how about you?
Need to smoke...
stressed
Even a great book is of little use if the chapters are all mixed up  great tutorials, but need to be course style
The value of an idea lies in the using of it.
Thomas Edison, CoFounder of GE
please, that makes 2 of us!
Hey Farragut, whats going on?
Were at 17th and k with tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash and barbacoa
Hi Colorado.
We would love to help you w/ your coping and printing needs.
We do free print analysis of your office to see how to save you 
If U R ever in albuquerque you have to eat at the Village Inn...food is banging!
John Cena bitch slapped the words out of The Rock's mouth.
Did you see The Rock's face after John Cena left the ring?
Bro.
Jazz must have fucked u up.
hey was up ma
Lookin good to stay in ha!
I kissed bella...and she broke her hand...punching my face..
LOL
Follow !
Launching soon
that b awesome
There are some very good reason we haven't heard that story yet.
We will, though, we will.
Tacos and Torah at 5pm!
Bring your appetite for and knowledge!
Young Justice in 2 hours!!!
Tae why is Eastern time ahead of Pacific.
Duh
girl you know it;
RT : Are you ready to JoinTheBattle at Scope for Game 6 on Friday night?
Get the best seats by purchasing now:...
RT : don't give fear and anxiety permission to walk hand in hand with birth
The massage sounds amazing right about now!!!
Chicago: Tonight at the Subterranean Tirra Lirra and Suckers.
good times!
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
Dale Carnegie
followed you!
:
captainring tapes

yes, the new one.
I already love it!
When my mama cries  makesmesad 
Happy Birthday to my big bro
It's not policing.
It's educating and suggesting to think about word choice.
Like it or not our words effect others.
For real RT : In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less.
Psshhh more then what I can do.
my new leopard print body pillow is so amazingly soft
In response to the historiographical school which erroneously compared him with Notorious BIG?
Guys...I have friends that are conservatives, liberals, Laker fans, Niner fans, Republican, Democrat...build on what you have in common
How did I not know about the tableside Smores you can make yourself at Cosi?
THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING!
thunder!
oh, no, I better duck for cover.
:
like wtf ?
Seriously .
GROW UP !
when son finished 1st book he would not settle until got him 2nd book.
He got in trouble for reading at school a lot that week.
Grindin'
Rise and shine
Do the Lakers have a mascot?
I get emails from scammers all the time and I find them to be great content for one of my blogs.
I'm going to apologize now to the people on my flight for eating that burrito with extra peppers and beans.
Usually because of lack of due dilgence upfront.
Congratulations, Joy!
So proud of you!
Excellent stay  ask for a spa room and enjoy a great view of the river and a tub you can swim in.
How was your dinner at Paesanos last night?
FREE Bicycling 101 Repair Clinic TONIGHT!
7pm  Cory The Bike Fixer!
clean.
yes!
Lakers are not about to get sweep by OKC is about to lose nxt game tho
words of wisdom with Bernie Mac
excited to head to NYC this wknd for , on behalf of !
I really want to try to go to the in New Orleans in March.
Is anyone else planning on going?
i should shave my legs...
hm.
I haven't decided yet.
The ship departs from and returns to Rome.
I don't know how many days I'm going to extend my stay yet.
Are the reds bats finally coming alive.
They musta prayed to Jobu
thank you thank u 4 following me but i still need mor FOLLOWERZ!!!
my mom is a Capricorn, and come to think about it, she does think and plan way to much.
stupid pregnant lady
why thank you Ms.
Bradshaw :
It's a valiant effort.
Any Peruvians around?
Mariano Prado is today's beard!
Greatbeardsofhistory.com
I've never stopped, waiting on you.
;
i bet he could have found something to wear in between those extremes.
: but personally, i don't care what he wears.
1.
Yes, I own all of the Monkees albums on vinyl.
2.
I am listening to them all today.
3.
What was I thinking at 12 when I went all in?
ishikawa!!!
What the hells going on out there?!?!
See what happens when you give power to those dumb shareholders?
How can Citicorp Pandit support his family without his 15 mill in pay?
hey i probably can't go tomorrow night.
I have to be in Denver Friday morning at 8am.
do a alcohol and doctorg test for my job.
Yes sir RT : President Obama: I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy.
The ever so anticlimactic NIT: Like cumming in your pants while the girl gets naked.
What if i run out if honky tonks before i get over her
RT : I feel like I won my own Oscar last night
You know you are getting old when you 100 pulled a hammy dancing on a booth to Juicy at Pourhouse.
Thank you  honored!
We are not the LAB.
Chromosomal Labs analyzes your DNA  we run them through scientific databases  analyze them further.
Yes it will be different, yes it will be odd, but most importantly it will be
False.
People who don't understand why an athlete would sign somewhere to retire clearly doesn't understand love.
Just ate some tator tot casserole, coworker made it, going to die now
If you're in the Boston area you BETTER be outside!
happy easter my little truebieberfans, 3 you guys!
Or could have gone with Dead Guy Ale.
doctorpped the ball on the apropos pairing.
Though the movie was appropriately bad.
ok ima try this twitter thing again
Packers fan....AND Avengers fan?
I'm sorry, but I just don't know anyone like that.
It feels so good outside today.
riverside corona norco Get money back on your short sale up to 30,000
3 Euro doctorfts  1/2 price thin crust pizza All Day
I'm so worried eight now!!!!!
We hope you have a blast here!
:
Black Knot on Cherries and Plums  James Blake
So happy today is over!
4 more days to go
honey doctorppin' honey from a holler in kentucky
Wahhhh terrible lunch ONE day this week!
probably should rest it for starters!
use ice, can you reach behind your back without pain?
Cabbie on my way home from Evanston recommended Gaylord India Restaurant  India House.
Good picks if you're downtown!
my mom is a wannabe chola
Not one, but TWO papers submitted today for MW2012!
Ha JANAM!
I miss manchester
Ah , the secret is molasses.
Good taste buds.
Spring is Here with horticulturist Deb Weisman at the German Branch on March 29th at 6:30pm.
Pre register online or call 2715144.
Office smells of fresh paint!
Now thats progress.
kiss my acid washed jeans
I don't consider 1Q84 a literary classic but I enjoyed reading it,  that wouldn't change if everyone else hated it.
Sometime this summer.
I'm not sure exactly when yet :
if i truely listen to everything i said i might die from laughter.
Haha stephen has a brand new show and I'm producing it.
We're looking for a cohost.
DM for details
Heard chocolate  broccoli educational games to describe what and I call tollboothing
I love cocoa butter my skin is just amazingly soft :
PERK up.
Lame joke
into what haha
If you are at Lambeau...
Get crazy in the 2nd half!!!!!!!
Too quiet on TV.
Will em to victory!
very true, I just see them winning at least one at home.
I hope they win 4 lol
Hostbaby Thanks for all your help Ally, Michelle and Nathan...The website facelift looks great!
Loading Justin S W A G....
99 Sorry, there's a problem loading.
To much S W A G.
: Heaven is PERFECT because there are no black people.this stupid bitch :
RT Did you know Marti Emerald used consult for Lerach on press strategy or something of that sort?
True story
You think my doctorss is short enough for to take pictures?
You should check out our site  we have playoff MLB, and you can pick a new football team each week!
I think it would be interesting to write an article comparing the two e.g collection development practices, curation, metadata
Big release pack from GDM in the pipeline.
Stay tuned and get ready for a ton of great choons!
Youre sweet.
I'll be in for breakfast next week, too.
Obama Pokes Fun at Huffington Post39;s Pulitzer
Great job 2nite!
Looked like you were having fun out there.
u irriatatttinnn!!
Im not!
Good morning!
Thanks to all my recent followers.
:
I'm setting goals for da next two years
RT : The Bowl for the Cure is only 1 month away!
Help us spare lives  strike out breast cancer!
June 1416!
lol do they know who you are?!
Finally back home after my cruise!
I now understand the difference between sea and land legs.
Yesterday 75 mi to Williston w.
no town or gas station.
Showers!
Today 80 mi  100 degrees w.
lightning to Poplar on the Fort Peck Res.
...
Haha aw shuckksss.
:D Thanks so much!
Ting need to be said, forgotten, and let go.
That's my coping method right now.
You are hilarious!
RT I've just had a
Watching total blackout in between commercial and the Lakers game.
This show is redick!
You can come anytime.
I'm going to NYC the 2nd weekend in June but anytime after that.
Heading to Sonoma for a day of wine, food and photography.
I honestly dont consider us friends anymore.
At all.
Now THAT's depressing...
MT : If the US perf.
as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Edu, heads would roll.
We understand that NO ONE plans for a cancer diagnosis...the financial strain it can cause can be crippling.
C'mon Yankees.
Like a zombie a little sleep and am have to stay home.
Hi I am still waiting for my bag and going to the desert 2moro.
How do I get someone in Cairo to answer the phone?
Not a vacation.
physically  mentally exhausting but the most amazing and rewarding experience ever.
The big spatula is like Phil Taylor.
Not gonna complain about a solid, big steady performer.
is finally back on...can't wait for the doctorma!!
To much Atlanta ain't good for the soul.....
Thanks for the follow Janet!
Thanks 4 sharing your Kindle Fire at RWA, too.
Looks so cool.
Happy Thanksgiving!
He is soo sweet  different, I'm gonna cuff em' :!
I'm visiting tonight to catch up with a former coworker!
So excited to see her on the West coast.
Is NCSTATE really trending worldwide?
Sing me home, James Morrison.
Do people actually get a kick out of watching banal peoples lives?
Girls Judd Apatow, plz redeem yourself with Bridesmaids 2.
I want to doctornk 100 beers, fight a horse, piss in your shoes, then challenge you to a foot race.
watz da plan today where u tryin to hoop at?
RT In Need Of Followers Follow Follower Please RT
Not really a fan of future..but that song space cadets jammin
Thanks for RTing!
;
Keeping to myself
Interesting.
Now I know more about you :
I just fueled a fire lol
and hey now, no need to hate.
omfg ik.
Like if someone in school starts going omg Ed Sheeran I will die..smh
Soundcloud.com/MW.
Check out my new singles Top of the World and Touch the Sky JahBless!!
Trew studios Bigup!!
I'll be on campus in a few minutes!
:D hill hall
RT : KPTV just called the race for me.
Very excited!
Wait people are saying congrats to you whats going on?!?
Vagina Monologue rehearsal today and of Montreal at Webster Hall tonight!
Woo!
there you dirty faggot I followed you.
Where the fuck did you even come fron
Time to cook more meth,
i'm fixin' up a project in iMovie, aren't you proud of me :D
weed is gross this is true.
Im such a bitch..
what have i done?
:
Listen in to tomorrow morning around 7:30 for Dianas commentary!
You said it!!!
exactly like when I tell you your outfit makes you look like a soccer mon ;
you can GLADLY come in and take my place for three days.
I know right!
What time are you off tomorrow?
I can come by
i fucks wit u my man lol crack ne up
Congrats to you and Ryan!!!!
Hate waiting in lines
Now Following
Tilting when cabbies don't know where they are going.
GPSFTWPLZ!
time is ticking!
are they full nude there or only topless?
Woman sweeks insight about delicate situation
what's good kid?
Feeling sum type of way, am I playing myself?
gotta pass out beauties all around
M buffalo chicken dip for breakfast.
Nuthin like a little heartburn to start the day...
Sex before entering a relationship, doesn't really work.
I hate to say this but, I told you so.
Back in the office after an extended weekend.
What was a favorite memory that you shared this weekend with your family?
Please be aware of phone scams...
DPAP conference coming to close...
Getting close to time to unwind!
On this day in 1928 Hartsdale NY received the first transatlantic TV picture  84 years later, i think the tide has turned :
I will I will don't worry !
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 7
Kathleen Vinehout entering really hurts Falk.
Name confusion and now 2 women.
Barrett looking stronger.
Candidate will be Falk or Barrett.
morning beautiful, have a great day on set.
If You Had The Best Sex Last Night...Download My New Song  2 PM

I can buy kale for 2/bunch.
Makes a couple of baking sheets worth.
How much is it in NY?
Have u guys ever tried to sleep nd u close ur eyes so ur body feels tiny but huge at the same time idk am i high
Reading think pieces all day  writing think pieces all day.
Pierre at SAG saved the day!
Panic for nothing.
Bio professorhas such bad humor that it's funny...lol
Hehe!
Good mornting!
You already know :
Busy weekend in store.
Family shoot on Saturday and Senior shoot on Sunday.
I'm excited to meet everyone and get to snappin y'all!
I need a leather jacket!
Good times today!
Great to see and meet everyone.
When I'll grown up , I'll kidnap to :B
Seriously though.
One every 20 feet.
yee i hope you're enjoying your day mama..
3 we love you!
I'm just watching the Jeremy Renner bio minding my own biz
Rethinking the shows  I need to get back to what I originally started doing  supporting underground bands.
morning love from Colorado
Two hours till I'm back in sweet home chicago
romo loves you alex.
;
So tired, it's going to be such a long day.
CAN'TWAIT!
watching it the moment the heat kicked the Bulls out smh i just want the 76rs to go down slowly and painfully
don't be jinxing us!
no better to see u.
U try and hide from me
Anyone else going to Saratoga Springs for the conference?
i'll regret staying up this late in the morning, ahaha.
Let's go
We are El camino real high for Gospel Night
Syracuse represent.
RT : Dolph Schayes and the boys would slap Ed Macauley and the Celtics around like ragdolls
hugs n fuckin kisses
i just read your 1997 review of The Graduate.
I absolutely loved your quote about what is and isn't a Great Movie.
Thank you
Best idea for elite cooking club...
Cook the meals designed by the united airlines chef?
I hate us ugh
hahaha I hear you.
Have a good week:
Don't forget to tweet about your performances!
We can't wait to hear about them
Judge Sumi strikes down antiunion law, will TeamWalker begin doctorfting bill to outlaw judges?
Bicycles make a great holiday gift....check out doctoramBikes a local nonprofessort!!!
My own education, as I have relayed, failed to gratify my restless mind.
MT : cbb2012 Duane on new York African Free School
found a babysitter!
I will check the quote when I get home and see if we can figure something out
maybe in a sesesecond
lol Cant do it like me lmao
None like you,
congrats  excited to hear about the new teams!
Yes its over now i can finally watch my Lakers
Tell us your favorite skin care regimen!
What do you do to get your skin in optimal health?...We want to know!
is that right?
this made my day.
Now my jeep with 147k miles on it can smile.
Got rid of my Sierra Designs Flex bag and got a Montbell SS Burrow 3.
After 5 different bags, shoulda gone with Montbell in the 1st place.
Still looking for flaws in you.
Nope, not a single one.
Don't forget about SBP debates, happening now in the City Room!
Its 1, in the morning n im on the hotline
sweet doctorams 3
When someone gets a 100 point word...
it becomes Words with Enemies
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events 
is the voice to watch!
It looks like simultaneous disclosures are here to stay.
The judges like it and cases are moving fast.
Thanks for following!
I do wonder if the Silvius is actually the Silvana in the LastExile sequel.
please follow me please!!!!!
Who do YOU want to be today?
RT : Good day or bad day, ultimately MY choice.
if I could go back in time and recreate my identity as the.fucking.librarian and not effing, I could have sold about 3 more tshirts.
These hows muat think I'm sprite or something but I ain't the onw to endorse ya thirst
Only me and my coworkers would start making a beat loud as shit on the table in the teachers lounge

THX Y 4 MTFOLLOW FRIDAY
Yes, culture matters a lot.
Conservative Republicans.
Ignorance.
See above.
Today is the day lands in LA.
Ladies, gird your loins.
We are seeking ideas for the uniforms that our craftsman will wear.
Any ideas out there?
The colors should be taken from our logo.
thank you.
keep up the encouragement and I'll be able to go to canada by year's end!
Ladies who's up
The rain calms me.
What makes you soo tired?
if you ever get caught sleeping at school/work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen!!' 
The Lucky One looks like a giant turd.
POKE POKE.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox.
Lao Tzu
me to
Download the new NPR music app and take 89.9 with you wherever you and your iPad, iPhone or other connected device travel
Thanks for adding me to your list :
What kind of actor do you want to be  stage, film?
Stupid dog, you make me look bad!
no, thank YOU!
glad you like.
Expect a review of the ME trilogy this weekend.
will break down the Knicks PostLinsanity on Fox 5 NY Sports Xtra w/ tonight at 10:30PM
Checked in for my flight.
Now onto pack.
1 hr.
til he picks me up 4 the movies...this weekend will be nonstop
Happy Sunday Night little bird, or rather young adult bird.
Don't curse the player, curse the game!
Always remember your roots.
.
The last time an NFL game was played on a Wednesday was Sept 22, 1948.
what are you doing this weekend?
:
yep totally ridiculous!
Look out fi badmind friend Nuff time mi say life unfair, look how much good people life end
it's okay

I'll plan on being extra intimidating in Vegas
I'm ready!
This weekend is going to be good 
We need to make more.
RT : Highlight of my day: Boomer Sooner's daughter asking if she could wear my shirt
A1: On twitter and checking kula.
We have some great content including shows/events posted every day.
INSERT JOKE ABOUT GAY PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE MISERABLE AS WELL RE: GAY MARRIAGE
Where you watching tonight?
NeighborNext time you vacation, please remember to shut off your alarm clock5:457:45 AM 3 days constant beeping
Safehouse looks like an awesome movie!
Plus, they put a Kanye/Jayz track on the soundtrack!!
:
Trying To Make It Work, But Man These Times Are Hard.
Ok not to put too fine a point on the wins Mittens had tonight but realistically how many of those will a GOP candidate win in November?
this member of team Fletcher is exhausted.
HE DONT GOTTA COME RiTE DEN BUT HE ALWAYS RiTE ON TiME Boosie Boo
RT Manufacturing is irrelevant

another great and informative artice  thanks
If I die and go to heaven, I put your name on a golden star
lol!
I can try!
But I heard pledging was extended for two weeks...
Cool, just my opinion.
Got some good ones submitted for sure though
It is clearly all my fault.
I can tell my friends to start following you so you don't lose any :
She want that old thing back...
ATTENTION EVERYONE!
We have out House of Blues tickets for our Oct 29th show.
Tickets are 17 from us!
Its a steal get a hold of me or band
In Bristol's case I don't think it trickled down.
I think it fell on her with one giant plop!
Cooking Class  cookingfools.net  Pastry Chef Secrets: Chocolate Desserts Sun 1/16 11 am  2 pm Chicago,recipes,
RT : CW Head pushing on Kopplin  why disaster grants used to chop up  obliterate our historic housing stock
why am I crying over one direction.
I will meet them one day.
Liam3 Niall3 Harry3 zayn3 Louis3
Lol that just made my day...
TT30's no movement clause expires this summer, salary is only 3 million, 1yr left on deal.
Teams won't have to make longterm commitment.
Abot to watch a movie :.
Can't wait for winter....
Super big ass headache right now!
We're one mistake from being together, but let's not ask why it's not right.3
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
St.
Clement of Alexandoctor
It was this morning.
Sipping On This doctor Pop.
Yum, Delicious!
Hey there pretty girl 
That is awesome.
Will there be a story on it?
dont forget the stuff
Absolutely awesome morning.
and .
Qb's better watch out for the sack attack !!!!
: Never call a guy fat, ugly, or worthless.
They will never forget that.
RT : Sensible and wellcrafted Right of way mgmt is essential role of govt as broadband infrastructure expands
I agree.
Anyone want to be my workout buddy?
I lack serious self motivation.
Did mark may really just say motte dame will win 10 games?
no problem!
Lol we will prob be there for an hour.
ButI'm not if they will let anyone from other schools get in
: NBA fines Delonte West 25K for poking Gordon Hayward in the ear.
It was in the spirit of the stooges.
Give him a break!
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Aww thanks!
haha what's up?:
I'm assuming you're talking about How I Met Your Mother...I'm a huge fan of it
Happy St.
Davids Day I know you wish you were in wales today
thanks lady!
I'll check 'em out after class.
I just spit out my water BAHAHA
Good for you!
That is a very satisfying process.
schoolmemories playing man on mars and foot everyone lunch and recess !
: haha
Janss Market Place And Shelter Hope Pet Shop Hosting A Howliday Pet Parade this Saturday December 17th at noon!
Grandma ALMOST got ran over by a reindeer..
For , the issue is that XML's data definition language and data manipulation language are too separate
Hey;DD Follow Me  Thaa Bestfriend !!
3 Please With Strawberries On Top ;
Too Funny!
If men knew how much we actually spend to have our hair done, I'm sure lots more men would suck it up and help.
Every time I start to text you I remember that if you wanted to talk to me you'd text me..
I'm too stubborn to give in now
No way Jose :
how have you been?
Hope your dad is doing good
Leave the cleaning to us!
model call please send pics to
Idea: I'm going to cover Radiohead's Idioteque with nothing but mechanical objects, their sounds and whatever else I can find lying around
It's funny when I saw Chris today he was surprised that Miriam and I still hung out with each other.
doctoramt about a tornado this morning...
very interested in seeing how it plays out.
Happy Birthday old man.....ha:!!!
Humility is the beginning of wisdom.
Watching the 76ers.
First basketball I've watched in a LONG time.
study study study.....
why did i take summer classes??
JustRememberThat home is where the heart is.
in his bcs rankings
was our 100th follower!
Thanks man!
oh yes haha!
it's bank holiday!
memy best friend love you!
You follow me and shes hoping that you will follow her too!
PLEASE FOLLOW MY BFF
I didn't sounds nice!
: Did you get presents from today too??
I can't wait to showe
Navarette's RBI single gives ULM the lead for the first time in the game.
Score stands at ULM 3, WKU 2.
Hey !
When booking a trip, I was charged for a sold out flight.
Customer Service is not helpful.
How can I get further help?
Haha I was right!
It did rain while I was in church!!
Closing session of tcbsm4hr Day 1: SoMe adoption resistance?
Dig age not coming  it's here.
Worry not about ROI but COI  cost of inaction
Sadly.
The vagina doesn't have a clear history button .
hm?
Thanks for the RT and the follow.
:
Wow!
Eagle, u were close again.
I lived in Colo SprgsBush was 'maybe' at NORAD.
All dy/nght quietonly buzz of fighter jets!
Note to self: think before you speak!!
omg.
I got some they cutteeeee
Follow this upcoming SUPERSTAR
Friday night I got doctornk watching Beauty and the Beast 3D.
Last night I got doctornk watching Lion King.
What has my life become?
haha
RT : doctorving in my car, blasting my music and rapping/singing at the top of my lungs is so Therapeutic?
good feeling huh?
lol
nobody cares lauren
To have less trade value than Chone Figgins, is to be Richie
You can develop a personal image  brand that gets you noticed, respected  hired with
Man On Fire is an amazing movie.
By a man being sent off for Chelsea I think its hurt Barca since Chelsea is constantly in the box limiting space
Thanks.
I take it you stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night.
That's how you get smarter :
FollowFriday Follow for good info!
lol she not gon come if she see what you said about her you better delete it
Got done eating wendys with Brendaa :D
Hey guys, Friday night is fast approaching and there's no better way to kick it off than with one of our burgers and a shake!
Open til 8!
Back at you...when you back in the studio?
Thank you for playing for yesterday!!!
So great to see you!
Hope to see you soon!
that was hilarious, but I'm more a fan of John c reily doing the whole mike honcho bit lol and of course don't put that evil on me
ya but thats pretty good for LC!
my fastest is 25.4 SC so im gonna try for high 24 SC.
Why can't my grandma still be here?I bet she would've taken me.uggghhhh
I don't know how great next season will be?!
My favs are leaving..sad face
Can't wait to hang out with the coolest girls in town!!
Nap Town Roller Girls!
Looking forward to a productive Monday!!
:
Honored you are here watching our amazing youth!
Don't know how many black people I'm offending, but I don't care; Red Tails was over rated.
Good concept, good theme; bad story line!
Congrats and best of luck on your presentation!!!
Please say to me you'd let me be you man and please say to me you'd let me hold your hand 3
Just one of those nights where everybody irritating me.

excellent, will get the word out!
i told you from the start that i love him
According to the dwarves in the Witcher's universe, the best magic is lesbomancy.
Hands down!!
GREAT video from your Zambia trip.
Kudos!
Business Word Salad.
np Good Ones Go myshit cus its so true
no they deaged him 10 years
It was an honor to help research your history!
your videos always help me, thanks:
M83 kind of day
The ugliest personality trait...Selfishness.
Game 4 in Orlando Pacers vs
your creepy.
;
according to the webpage, 7ish is D coming too?
Check out the videos on that last tweet....OUT of this WORLD....
multibillion dollar companies with CEO's who make million should not pay 8 an hour.
If you believe otherwise you're inhuman
Do u wait until I tweet, to tweet about some bitter shit?
Just curious
ah good luck!
3
The wizard of tittes
She's guilty!
I don't understand what the f' is wrong with our society
Good Burger is trending in Memphis.
Yo have great taste.
Mixed feelings about VCU leaving CAA.
The grass isn't always greener but when your program is that strong, you feel invincible.
Agreed.
Haven't seen the escalades ...
must STILL be a gas guzzler
Happy Wednesday!
i agree with this list.
It's crazy how fast time passes  I hope all is well across the pond.
lol damn sure was...
hell yeah there sexy lol :
A Saturday night game in the windy city for the Red Sox.
Can Lester pick up his first W of the year?
It's been 8 starts since he last won.
I can't log into my account!
What gives?
We have several locations that you can doctorp books off!
At Phi Delta Theta house, Perkins on 50th, Avalon Heights, HCC Ybor, USF St.
Pete!
hm spades never disapoint
i like can't breathe i can't get over this what the fuck why
What an amazing game...Man U strikes back with a vengenance
Well i figured I'd spruce up my name a little...add a little doctorma.
lol and see if I get more followers
That book has been touted as perfect.
Many policies come from that book but have changed.
Just completed Week 2  Day 1 of Ease into 5K with running app
obviously I have no idea what I am doing on twitter.
how did you even see any of the tweets I sent?
I've been cracking my knuckles all the time for as long as I can remember, with no side effects that I know of....
yet.
nmssped Livescribe in action at Educamp great for access to notes in the classroom.
Also discussing TexttoSpeech
My girls would love to be at the flea market at
At the moment, Austin's body is completely shut down except his heart and..well..me, of course.
BLAZERS WIN!!!
Best part about this time of year is that the NBA Playoffs are underway  that summer is right around the corner!
Woo!
:
thanks man.
The keg is tapped!
Come on over.
Thanks Russ!
Visit Russ Aimz for excellent rock music:
Don't assume.
Someone not in your specific industry may still have contacts you can mutually benefit from :
fuck that guy.
He parks in the handicapped spot.
More Americans watched NCIS than American Idol or Dancing w/t Stars last week.
So there is hope for us yet.
FamousLies I have to work late; I'll be with the guys tonight
One in five male Americans may suffer from ED
I know someone wanted my shift.
Absolut for me
dont waste your time on someone who isnt willing to waste his time on you 3
Chores...Chores...and more Chores I'll be back to tweet and follow...ugh I want ice cream
make me fell ...
u make me feel...
Im so gone .....
So gone over u
Congratulations doctor Booshehri.
Jesse H.Jones High School Mighty FalconMarching BandHouston Directed By Calvin Hutson Named Honor Band For The MLK Grande ParadeHouston
Building a soundtrack for tomorrow night.
Tweet in any requests...
I do that,too!
between the folds?
It's actually kinda fantastic
omg i love you guys.
i watched your movie evertime it was on nice.
im a really big fan, can i get a follow please?
Bout to watch Project X, kinda stoked
I fuck and eat the pussy good so no other nigga tempts my bitch!
They obviously were too busy to deal with anyone that may catch their hijinks....
that feels good :
Oh, okay.
I've heard it before.
I thought it was shutdown.
What's the new link to it?
Yeah, it's very obnoxious.
cause you said  I quote You Can See My Cookie?
lol caught yo ass
For the next two hours, we are watching a movie and available for all questions
That was beautifully written.
Thank you, and congratulations!
Good morning :
What's upwith the red line!
you know it's love when you have bruises from cowbites hahhaha.
3
lol but fys is awesome and id still go
what you doing for workouts?
Hair intergrations will not blow off on a windy day , you can go swimming you wear it 24/7!!!!
service in the salon 4 to 6 weeks
oh okay :
gonna go to bed doctorwning in my feelings for agent coulson
k did so, good luck, it doesnt show the votes or place do you know on your part or is it all hidden until the final day?
Pennywise  bro hymn Best song!
One succesful rule to follow when applying a succesful multichannel strategy: measure, analyze  optimize.
Repeat.
Insights from
Even in a lockout I'm gonna keep hating!
Screw you , zero rings and not counting.
never too early for a diet coke and 'breakfast' burrito
Special thanks to for dead tweeting tonight's show!
We'll be sticking around for a talkback after.
Thanks so much Jae!!!
Great Information BRAVADA Provides Fourth Quarter, Full Year 2011 and Full Year 2012 Revenue Guidance LOS ANGELESBRAVA
When we get to 900 likes we will post a new video!
Help us by hitting the suggest to friends button on the top right.
Gonna Take a Quick Break From Twitter And do a Few Errands.
I'll be Back in Time For Ari's Live Chat!
See You Soon Tweethearts : xx
I know it hurt but if this world was perfect then we could make it work but I doubt it
Wow!
How can some people bad mouth a player like that!
Looking 4 ideas on general interest daily news podcasts to subscribe 2.
/ already on the list.
Others?
When I was little I wanted more than anything in the world to I change my name to Lisa.
Like Lisa Frank.
And Lisa Simpson
Goodnight everybody!!
When you cry ill hold you tight.....
There is always beauty in the struggle, chasing those desires and setting the world on fire.
vinny's bmor dance video that he posted
Damn it The lucky one made me cry a little
Oh that was a good one!
The Halloween party is our favorite night of the year.
Banana pudding and Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo DVD
Yes!
I'll DM details to you.
:
you better not be pregnant, I'll break your legs!
;p my mom made bread pudding last night, so good
Hey I just saw your last name on a sign,  I started freaking out because it was your last name3
Classy world class performance by spurs.
FF Bringing the juvenilejustice news to you from the South Eastern US!
Magic on Chris Paul  He must score the basket
Good Luck, S'town Lady Eagles!
:
My first appointment to try on wedding doctorsses is today.
Anyone have any advice on this process.
I'm going alone.
Wishing everyone a fun a SAFE holiday weekend!!
I always get my clicker questions right ha.
No, it was Economics class and we were focusing on Business Organization.
In the mood to color an entire book ...it's serious!
Spaniards are the shit.
Rockies Tulo hits fifth today, in part because he's in a slump vs.
lefties and because he's hitting .138 vs.
Dodgers Ted Lilly.
No job, smoke cigarettes, have a marijuana habit, live with your mom...SOUNDS LIKE A GREAT REASON TO HAVE A KID.
i think i finally got my twitter and fb to work as one!
woot!
Increadable Prices to selected marketing items coming soon!
I'm so jealous!
I have a prior commitment until 8, so I'll be dashing to Water Street right after, likely missing mister.
Skannotto.
Bonfire tomorrow with Lucas3
hey austy!
;D
Looking forward to signing with The Brass Agency and having all my reels edit to post on YOUTUBE, audition today for GOGO Productions
I was listening to One More doctornk.
My mom caught me and flipped shit.
lol.
Frappicino Happy Hour!!!!
Man I love
And I'm pulling for Cindy, even if the copy editor did find an error in Webster's
Word is that there were only like 20 seniors at MHS today ; Haha we rock!
today's not my day 
thank you all for your love, support, and kind words.
it's been a terribly rough couple of days
Oh shit that's the OG.
I used to listen to 2 Unlimited's Twilight Zone  pretend it was the Mortal Kombat theme song.
Haven't been on a first date in I don't know how long...
Wish me luck
I'm waiting for the backwards spider monkey demo.
You win funniest coworker, once again.
have had the pleasure of meeting Chris Colfer..one of my favorite people.
He'll continue to do great things, for sure.
congrats!
Thats amazing!
Your hard work is paying off!
Johnny Cash died on this day in 2003.
I learned more about him after his death.
I don't care how old I am, I am going in the bouncy castle.
Amityville II: The Possession was the 1 movie this day in 1982.
Scary movies scare me.
Duh.
Good Morning!
What are you looking forward to this weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving!
My day began at 7am, now im about to run, then watch parades, watch the Packers , eat eat eat,  go to the movies!
People don't realize there is an at to reading aloud to a group of childoctorn.
My student teacher had that art.
Hope it lasts.
Things are going to work out.
Things are going to get better.
I can feel it.
Let's get some clarification here first  are we talking projects he directed or just projects from Jim Henson Studios?
Why do the suck at shootouts?
Hey thanks!
I did not realize that this was my twitterversary!
Upper bostonside is for sure cooler.
RT upper bostonside
no doubt missy
yogurt makes for sexy mice.
coming up in 2 minutes.
Parades are for the people who pay for them.
aww Feel better soon ...
Movie theater popcorn butter is liquid crack.
Let good digestion wait on appetite and health on both.
William Shakespeare
ok cool.
Are you going to SJC?
WOW.
That cookie bouquet is the perfect Mother's Day gift.
Hopefully, mom will share right?
:
Working on dee lyricals
I tell people Ill kill you too much
Wow going to bed!!
This is early for me!!
I feel weak!!
If Carlos's ice cream social wasn't at 5:30 lord knows I wouldn't be doctorving to work right now
I use to want you so bad, im so thru with that, cuz honestly u turned out to be the best thing i never had.
New Music Out Now!
Support your local charity!
Just Keepin It Real
Don't ever get me started on lit crit.
I hope you enjoyed the ride.
PLEASE Killyourself if thesituation is your role model.
perhaps CEO's can learn about getting away with resume tweaks of their past by reading edwired techniques
There are many I wish to follow or followback...but I don't know how to move past the 2000 friends limit.
HELP?
what's with all the moths last couple of days.
Our yard in Arlington has been swarming with them!
A little better today.
Dell has 3.5 million direct interactions with customers daily
Both must be present, right, if we're going to wipe away AQ status  do away with artificial BCS constraints?
...a corresponding degree of health and physical development would be attained by their offspring.
good luck Waves!!!
Really good data day at work  everything I needed was right there  probably subconsciously influenced the purchase of that SQL book.
One month later
Don't b stopped bc others can't see what you see!
Day 2 of all night shoot....
This should be the last day of filming for me
I honestly don't care what the others are doing.
TA is about innovation to change up what's in.
Congrats to  his beard!
So deserving.
Everyone fears something...if you say you don't fear nothing...that's a lie
Glad to hear!
Take care.
Pool all day  Crafters 1 beer during the USA game
I KNOW: and yeah we could that would be awesome!: and fun:
doctorpping a stack at the horse races in Florida
nun im not even sittin next to him ill tell him when we on 71st
i never want to be on divorce court
...
Then have the nerve to get mad because the author isn't putting out work fast enough!
Just curious...
How many of you work for free?
A good night for both MiamiU hockey teams!
RT Its a final from oxford lady redhawks 5 wmu 4.
Just woke up to a helicopter circling my neighborhood.....
I so caught up in my on style
if you look like this, you would understand but you don't so u hate on me cause I do.
Good lookin out by the way.
I know, I know, I've become a passive consumer on Twitter.
But I haven't been producing much content on any platform lately.
Jenna Marbles: good for a laugh and a few wasted hours that you could've been studying for midterms.
:D
I bet didn't even ask her mom.
bedtime for me, gotta go shopping in the morning......
Physical Activity and Weight Control May Help Impr
Even though I'm sick, I went out for a walk with my E.
It was a nice day for it!
Beautiful!
I wish i knew whether you liked me or not, so i would know if i should keep hanging on or just let go.
Oh well...
good morning
All I gotta say is I love my family!
Merry Christmas!
'Cause when that BubbaGumpLip jokah flicked through those racks musing about mermaid gowns?!
Whoa no.
it was that time long ago.
Unfortunately I'm still at work.
Have one for me!
I can make you another 1/2 pot and a couple of espressos if you clean my house?
This past weekend has us all Jacked up.
We could have sworn it was Wednesday!
ugh
Tomorrow I'm headed to the Ventura Flea Market....is it any good?
I returned my library books today.
Whew!
They were dusty.
OMG ...
Maggie Griffin is on Kathy!
Love her!
My TV is the carrot to move to New York ;
Got skin issues and don't know where their coming from??
Try a gulten free diet.
Cut out processed food for good to get glowing skin !
DH used for reclaiming cultural identity and retelling historical narratives
a treat 2 x a week makes life worth living, just make the other 5 days more monastic and you have won eating for life.
Lifes like licking honey from a thorn..
Too bad elimanning isn't on Twitter.
Just learned he'll have to great good fortune to have the room of THE tomorrow night.
Best wished to the Men of JCSU in Belmont tonight!!!
aye aye sir!
Thanks for letting us know
You need to check out the link we just posted!
3
Just got out of the shower.
Should have planned ahead.
collected excellent data about 2nd Life collaboration.
kudos to our wonderful students who had to get up to meet online at 9am on a Sat
Mom, you hate on me!
What are you talking about?
I feed you!
congratulations to cameron for being accepted early decision to
well I miss you little fellow!
How's life been?
Can we get together soon pulease
Workout fail this morning.
Since his birthday on 13 April, John William has gained a pound and grown an inch!
Now 9 lbs.
5 oz., 22 1/2 inches.
That's not a good reason!
Lol if we think you're a lazy intern, you'd know.
You're doing fine.
Sounds like writers block.
Love the Rottis in your picture.
I'm training myself and rehabilitating my female rotti.
I hope I can be what she needs.
LOL of course im happy
Shock Denial Anger Despair Depression Acceptance Reorganisation.
Injured athletes experience the same psych stages as those bereaving.
Yeah, was hoping at least one of those would be a good fit for my blog.
Maybe...
this is what u said and i quote Nobody wants to chill with you buddy
that's right.
I knew it!
Canadian gurls R more fun!
Ur soo lucky I don't live closer!
now are you going to party with us all the time?
lol
Thank u to all my amazing singers for sharing the Workshop Singer's experience and bring your talent and insight to all of us!
You all rock
haha thanks jess!
DMX will forever get me in the mood for a fucking brawl!
of course it was :
Great!
I will set one up.
Everyone let me know how many folks you'd like to invite.
Did you know?
DorothyHeight was the National President of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority from 1947  l956.
Just heard Adam Yauch passed away.
Really sad about this.
Thanks for the music!
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me; fool me three times, I don't think so Paranormal Activity 3
you know you wanna hit that follow button;
.....if people could be more into their bike and less into their powder boy image, their bike wouldn't be a complete fucking jank pile.
Yesterday, someone asked me if I knew this random Asian guy walking down the street.
Cuz I'm Asian.
Well, I did.
It was Hung from Top Chef.
That back doctorp is amazing
Welcome David!
i can talk to you both at the same time.
Hey but you know what doesn't smell good, a mixture of reefer and seafood.
Dennis, thanks for the RT!
Thanks pretty lady!!!!
What you know about it take notes nigga
Friday evening rush hour traffic is totally unsafe...wherever you are.
What a great idea!
like a bad ocean experience very choppy feed.
But hopefully only 20 mins more
I still don't understand why anyone wants to follow me...
am I the herd's bellwether?
anyway, thanks for the follow!
This makes me happy.
I've been too busy to tweet!
How can I keep track of my life if I don't tweet?
Time to get up and get doctorssed for dinner and doctornks 
Kudos 4 your moving, touching, engaging acct.
in SI of how 2 of the world's best tennis plyrs survived the Titanic.
Well done!
love u
I'm surprisingly okay with this decision
Fired up and ready to welcome to our Obama2012 Nat'l Volunteer Leader Call at 7:30pm ET
how u know my sister
The 6th floor arsonist struck again!
Alright, And.
cleanin' other peoples houses are funner than cleaning your own !
!
But her hood as sexy as hell.
My ass falls for any hood, stripper chick lookin chick.
love you too.
I could be wrong...but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war era.
doctorwback working TheodoresOriginal HotDogs this wknd: onionsmelling hands  but it was worth it.
don't forget to stop by Union  Walden!
I'm crying literally omg Khun!
I haven't even seem victoria, is she even on stage?
Finally looked up where IBM is physically located  you are right around the corner!
Nah,nah not the rain stupid rain go away!
Your TO loud  I wanna sleep:
I know lady : working too if it makes you feel any better...
heyheyhey I hope you have your ipod.
did you doctorve there or need a ride?
y would ibe mad at u
We salute our friends  colleagues as they embark on their 15th anniversary celebration later this month.
The Style Setters party is well underway.
Missoni, Escada, and Hugo Boss galore!
The Talmud A person will be called to account on Judgement Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not.
METS game TONIGHT!
So excited.
:
New haircut!
Today has been a good day.
I signed up for a class and got an important call.
Yes 2012 is starting out right!
Yes it is!
I love hearing you sing!!
:D :D
still tryin to figure it out...lol
now now..you only get a hug nothing more..lol..hm don't know when will that happen
you would lol
Well it sounds to me like you are all in far away and often fab places so here I am on the Isle of Wight and off to our local tapas bar!
preparing for a great client presentation for tomorrow by resting and ramblin' today.
dont forget to chill breathe kickit TO the couch
Hey, give everyone a break, before this year all we knew how to spell was 'first round' and 'loss.'
Just sent Curreny this hit!!
I think everyone is misunderstanding.
Mike D'Antoni performed a magic trick and disappeared as a coach.
Holy crap bombshell!
Look at that tiny waist!
You look fantastic!
3
RT : RT : 109 in Dallas.
103 in Austin.
Proof Austin is cooler than Dallas.
I went a whole day without it
when you bringing the new blood in?
I'm out at 6 today.
Don't be a stranger either or I'll send someone over to cockpunch you.
so tell me who are you going to take off of the all conference ODAC team...and remember its a combination of statistics..
I'm the sickest in the system
haha...
love your tweet girlfran!
YES!
Its a beautiful morning in sandiego and i'm stuck studying for a math test, all i got to say is
FOLLOWED YOU B...
RAW MUSIC..
FOLLOW BACK
RT : One cannot lead w/out respect nor can one succeed w/out change.
no complitable without that console.
No school for mee today.
At D.H.
Stanton Elementary community meeting.
Parents and neighbors fired up, chanting for district to keep school open.
Best thing about living in an apartment?
I'm finally learning how to cook.
Worst thing?
I have to eat the food I make.
I'm sorry you feel that way : I'm a mom, I want to fix things : You are very hard on yourself love.
i'm goin over to my folks place for shots and meat on a stick.
wedding talk, baby talk, job talk and music.
it's a niceish day.
All plays are performed by women.
They wear men's clothes to play men.
It is a big deal to wear pants in a public setting!
Is it just me or was that one of the worst Usher performances ever?
Sounds like he was going through puberty right on stage
Big thaw in NY City today.
Now inches of water at every corner.
Meeting world famous doctorg and steroid doctor for endorsement.
you seriously have to get out to the Node on any given Thursday.
That's the M.O.
every week.
No sponsors, no eventbrite, just do.
I want to sleep already
XFactor a joke!Called on phony 5mil payment!New strategy deducts marketing fees beforepays in installments.Just Pay theSelloutPoseur day1!
Deadass.
New York sports what are we doing?
Something is screaming outside.
I can't tell if it's a child or a raccoon.
Just Jesus' way of reminding me I'm not ready to be a parent.
Happy Festivus!
I've got a lot a problems with you people and you're going to hear about it.....
are we sure that isnt actually tebow?
I have a new number again  6313743493
Thanks for the follow!
Following back.
BTW you're up to 101.
I appreciate the encouragement and support.: I hope to be an encourager too.:
Shes Been A Crazy Dita Disco Diva And You Wonder: Whos That Chick?
FACT  There is a HUGE Disproportionate Representation of the Poor and those with a Disease in the Criminal Justice System
Today going to be some bullshit
The rejection you receive because of your commitment to Jesus may hurt.
But don't let that deter you.
He is MORE than enough.
RT : Thanks  I am going to use your suggestions when I visit camp on Monday
Sorry to be a downer, she lived a long and happy life.
Still miss her, though.
Responded to VACATE  13955 230 Place, Queens, NY 11413 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
Christmas weekend is finally coming to an end, can't wait to relax!
Hope everyone had a happy holiday!
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND SPECIAL 30 OFF ON ALL BOOKINGS!
CALL NOW TO SCHEDULE YOUR CELEBRATION!
WWW.OKCPARTYBUS.COM 4472446
umm seriously you watch those shows?
We are working on an advertisement flyer to hand out at this year's Gay and Lesbian Pride Event in Long Beach.
Having fun creating it...
What an HONOR.
Thank you!
Wait, wait, wait...
Metal night?
But it's a Sunday.
Austin ISD takes the crown for a second time  the first question is can they threepeat?
I can't believe you forgot Women's Day.
he tried to steal that from me too!!!!!!
If you were at POSH last Fri then you knw to get there extra early TONIGHT...LADIES DON't HV TO WAIT IN LINE...JUST WALK TO THE FRONT!
SHOW TODAY!
Versus Leviathan, Jamie's Elsewhere, Scarlet O'Hara!
doors at 7  White Rabbit!
10!
BE THERE!
This will be Episode 4.75!
Become a student of change.
It is the only thing that will remain constant.
thank you Mike.
Oh My Goodness Gracious I feel horrible!
That txt 
thanks for the invite.
I'm not really an Ibsen fan but I'll check out your webseries.
Sounds funny!
Looks like I gotta take that morning shit yall lol
excited to klout w/ :
beautiful!
Hope all is well!
been to yet?
Check out Friday's Irish lineup on the Harley stage
We must see it together.
Let me know if there is anything I can answer about Directv for you.
Oh yea there is a good deal on the NFL Sunday Ticket btw.
lol it's ok girl
Wow, still struggling 'eh Brian?
What channel is that on, versus?
: 6 days till 
Wait, What now?
Did AllenWest just declare himself an objectum sexual?
When does MyStrangeObsession start taping?
haha indeed :D
And it still works!
Waaaahh.
I'm sleepy.
Oh well just one test standing b/w me and the pool.
could have been even better if they got hill in round two.
I love every other pick tho.
Brooks and carder are steals
Today is one of those days when lunch really means run around outside.
Since Wizards was the ONLY funny show on disney  is is stb over, is perfect 3
YouWereCuteUntil I heard you speak.
Cheers to the freakin weekend :
haahaha SAME 3 3 but I gtg I'm really tired...talk to me tomorrow maybe?
Haha we can work together!!
hope you guys are still around when santacon hits....
we could do an epic march!
watchin illinois hopefully beat ohio..
fuck the buckeyes
Here placing a takeout order and seeing my favorite Scotty's employees and !
They are the best!
low hanging fruit bootcamp6 is resorting to antigay comments to get elected.
Vote
Started following some really talented designers lately.
You guys are amazing!
What is that?
Read the latest letter?
You're in it!
Congratulations to our Math Tutor of the Month, Leota D!
We first explored this issue last Memorial Day  Congress designated Post Office yet PO doesn't allow plaque or name on the building.
Omw to this tournament in the van with my team !
im soo glad its friday !!
:D
I need all the bitches, I got alot need a island!!
Lol
Wings have their work cut out for them in the 3rd....
So He Mad.
I'm not gonna give up I love him so much.
I'm so happy I'm on vacation right now ah I'm in his time zone  I love him
Would like to tell the world and that March is awesome for college basketball and the best beer ever!!
Getting ready to list a beuatiful 2007 Sea Ray 320 Sundancer.
Very low hours, one owner, loaded, lift kept.
Will keep you posted!
I'm down, potentially.
Shoot me an email re: what you're looking for.
Just renewed my I voted and therefore feel entitled to complain about the government!
membership
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens.
Spring 2012 publication date approaching fast.
I've never been much of a napper.
I'll help keep them in business a bit longer
What's it look like?
I'll check.
come to buffalo I miss youu!
Eight days a week!
LMAO.....
you'll get the hang of it, looks like your a pro already lol:
Stolen Rubens recovered in Greece?
Thank god they found those sandwiches.
Actually attending an event without my camera for once.
I feel ...
naked, and I haven't even left the house, yet.
ditto  but it is about to be looking up
Yea so what if I'm goin to Cabo for unlimited tacos and 2 for 1.
I may be a deuch, but I'm a broke deuch that knows a deal when I see one
obviously he is just showing his true colors.
ESPN kickin' off the Longhorn Network today at 5 on campus!
Zumba starts this Monday at 6:30pm!!!
Don't miss it!
Fill in the blank: I admire  for his/her style and fashion sense.
Tag your friend!
Where's Kev ?
I lost my lunchbox at school.
My mommy made it with so much love3
i hate my fucking dad.
Getting ready for FashionsNightOut this Thursday!
Excited for 30 off latest collection...
Gorgeous shoes!
Regardless of what Montel did, Spaz now has a long track record of mismanagement  terrible player relationships.
Going to let my precious dogs out!
They been caged up all day.
Poor babies.
Mama's coming.
FUNNY  Ellen Scares Her New Employees
Lol, yes, next book.
Independents certainly do have Mass and then some!
ICs love Mass.
;
My tux is ready for prom!
i'm still in bed :P
Yoga has always helped people find peace of mind
rocks my socks literally!
This pedicure idea of hers was spot on!
Now on to lunch!
: Together to the top.
Truth.
Did orig.
cataloging on CD w/ coll.
title and multiple works/composers at fieldwork today.
None of my FB friends will get why this was fun.
get it mama!!
STOP TAKING YOUR LIFE SO SERIOUSLY.
Can you DM us your Zipcard  so we can look at your account location  the Zipcars in your hood to follow up?
That's that BULL!!!
Defense WTH
difficult when you're also representing too many 'brands'.
Are you or are you Wonderchook, LLC?
Money is like a good woman, if you don't handle it properly, it will leave you  go to someone else who can.
Sure am!
RT The lulusfabfitfun party is already about halfway over!
Are you having FUN?!
Bye Hollie!
It was good to see you almost come back and win it all!
So proud of you!
: See you on tour!
I love that someone else enjoys a crisp BL on occasion too
Going to Public Choice Society in Miami?
Visit our table to meet Keith Dougherty, author of Calculus of Consent and Constitutional Design.
Monday  Friday from 3 to 6, VIA's got HappyHour specials to keep that grin on your face!
Wine, beer, mixed doctornks and more!
Goodmorning ......too asleep notenoughsleep..and jamming out the 2 out of only MEN id EVER go straight for
Locked my keys in my truck
Sitting at Delta Sonic with the van getting detailed for tonight's festivities and suddenly realize that I haven't eaten today...
A little bit longer and I'll be fine...
We need Democrats like Lori in Washington who will fight for middle class priorities, not surrender them to radicalized Republican desires.
Not all scars show, not all wounds heal.
Sometimes you cant always see the pain someone feels.
It's Danger.
TV: Diners doctorveIns  Dives is worth checking out for the deepfried tacos; at 9PM, new episodes of Grimm and Fringe
One of our moms is facing her fears by going back to school!
Follow her story here...
i forgive  forget it and then you promise me i wont regret it .
but i do its not right .
b/c i turn around let it slide.
Me and twitterless Anna can't sleep.
where .which 1
What's the deal with growing full beards in the NBA nowadays?
To all Agencies, Brands  Content Producers attending SXSW, contact for a FREE LUXURY BUS PASS good for the entire week
You betcha!
: RT Alright West Coast: 2hours of glee starts now!
Are you watching?
First two days in the kitchen  totally awesome, also brutal.
Left both days feeling completely doctorined, but also giddy and pumped.
stabbing pain in my ovaries.
tmi?
True happiness consists in making happy.
Bharavi's Kiratarjuniya, Hindu  I'm so happy.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
I cant watch this ..
Monkey.
RT : Do you like me?
Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
lmao.
Yup only in Tampa!
haha.
I would tap that !!
Lol
Need to get son ready for school.
He acts as if Mom does not exist, and Mom is not cool.
Ah, preteens.
It's part of growing up, but hurts.
Yeah Jennifer!
We're finally going to get together!
Can't wait to see In My Sleep on Friday!
have video archive of conference?
Got here late, I'm Dawn Saunders.
Good chat tonight!?
In Il, When they call the roll in the State Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.
This is one of the funniest tweets I've ever received.
Sadly, I'm afraid it clearly reflects what we are in for in Dayton.
Jimmy Fallon, you are ridiculously awesome.
So are you stephen colbert!
on this day in food history: canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales cheers!
Hamels should get suspended for a Month
I'd like to do more flipclass standardsbased grading.
Experimenting now.
lmaoo I need some money.
My son is 3 years old!!
Good morning, today's goals: Clean out room to move, finish book n begin the other one, doctorft an action plan!!!
LA lets go!
Sometimes fact is stranger than fiction but damn, it makes really good fiction  I love fodder!
Chicago diner is in the same direction as the game, so might not be a good idea to try to get there right now
Windwood: Leadership requires us to listen for what's next.
Can't rely on old tools
Love yah too, thanks for all of your awesome support!
At the NAIOP Awards Gala in anticipation of an award for the Maryland 9/11 Memorial
The GC handbook looks awesome.
Did you manage to find it in digital form?
The cool story is gunna be me on the 5 o'clock news for straight murderin yo ass for sayin ''COOL STORY BRO''.
You running Ogden in May?
Been babysitting ever since I got out of school.
I'm ready to go home!
All 5 kids are asleep..
Lucky bastards..
:
People volunteer when it's about them, not when it's about you
COME OUT TONIGHT!
It's like when we all moved from Friendster to MySpace to FB.
Not being able to move your friend list is a feature, not a bug.
what's up playa
perfect :P we will have pictures of the prize shortly!
I could get low I could get low don't know which way is up
Arguments are to find out who is right.
Discussions are to find out what is right.
At Mahopac Public Library, in comfy chair, with beautiful view of lake  smiling librarians.
Thx to all who keep it going!
lmfaooo x welcome to the club:p aha
1.
Do u have pets?
2.
Will u do another rap?
3.
Will u follow me?
RT : Dog...
come on...
RT : Everyone should bow down to me for saving baseball and many lives
ha ha, thanks for following  start planning a dance friendly halloween costume now ;
Big thanks to the crew from for doing their contact mic and bending buddy workshops with us today.
Have a great show tonight!
I can't stand it
Haven't been on here in a good minute..
thanks Patrick!
Make sure to use ur promo code and earn 5 for each referral, keep up the good work!
that's what everyone keeps telling me :o I know when I'm older, i'll wanna be young..
but I can't help wanting to be older.
D:
That she does!
One of the things I love about her.
:
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, hardworking, selfless moms out there  you ARE appreciated!
I have been stuck in the Chi with a broken car for 3 days.
Hope you guys well.
Make all of us from MI Who are stuck proud!
i have a question is your fragance in any store like Macy's or something?
?
Porfavor responde guidette
thx for the tweet, !
I don't look at my TL because aint shit to look at
Ended up on the score board at the brewer game and I was itching the side of my nose/cheek and it looked like i was picking my nose.
GREAT
oh why does tonight suck
Euphemism of the day: Adjacent process overflow
follow the belt!
RT LOL i tweet the word diet and that gets me a new follower ..
Hello diet tips, bye diet tips ...
A9: No team for me yet.
Just me :
haha wow what a face!
My cellphone is completely messed up.
So guess who gets to spend the rest of the evening arguing with customer service?
This guy!
:
: Someone Want to fix my mac?
this is why I have a pc lol
you mean EazyE?
banana pancakes.
My GPS says, now keep right, then left..I'm sorry, come again??
Is now/then a specific time frame?
Oh, Okay.
Nobody but JESUS!
Clean or dirty, We'll take you.
estudio925.org
Thanks for the RT!
That's what happens when you raise an entire generation on Ritalin.
So shameful.
If you have to be a certain SIZE for your man to love you, he ain't in love with you he's in love with a measurement.
Those random moments when you notice a bruise and you have absolutely no idea how you got it...
So far I still have school but it's still raining n flooding soo :D
Bloody nose and a cup of coffee.
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
The world is full of Monday morning quarterbacks and not enough Sunday afternoon players.
haha.
Just LOL'd.
Yeah.
Classes.
Calipari.
NBA doctorft.
Does not compute.
Happy mothers day to my mommy!
Enjoy the Badger game All you can eat tacos 4.50 starting at 4:30pm.
3.25 Margo's and Corona.
who is that piece of prime beef?!
I'm with you on that!!!
can't ask more from Saunders there
aw well that's good : I'm great as well.
Lol I'm shocked u replied haha
Childoctorn's Communication Checklist2
Well today wasn't any better really giving me a hug in the hallway in front of everyone but your girlfriend isn't helping anyone!
Being famous  having more than a million stalkers
Sitting in Naked Cafe listening to a female diss'ing a guy to her friends while simultaneously planning a date w him: she likes his posh car
Do you need more followers, likes, etc?
try the site on my professorle.
It's free promotion .
Hey lets follow 4 follow
Being in a relationship, isn't about the kissing, the dates, or the showing off.
It's about being with the person who makes you happy.
Please follow only one of these: the tweets are substantially similar
Hi stranger :
plus just as a tip...
Pnc atms can give singles..
Just ask for 4 bucks..
Do it all the time
Since I'm late I might just go to McDonald's
Dinner at MOMMAS ON THE HALF SHELL !!!
And then home to watch some of the game and bed !!
I hate dish!
Raining no signal...
Thank god for tnt with that overtime on the website
Happy to!
Last Laptop Repair in Pittsburgh: Sony Vaio LCD Replacement
Time to put in work..
Since 12/2006, we have served more than 40,928 sandwiches/meals to homeless clients
My boys r growing so fast I can see the beginnings of the man my 12 yr old will one day become.
He's quite impressive
Smh....
Whens the reschedule...
And ya probly wanna make it a 2day stay if possible...
Save the rushing.
Headed to Oak Park CA tonight with my Tupperware Love!
you cant even twerk!!!
You cant even move it!!
chill with me  Liz then!
10 pts in the final 49secs, solid way to finish an ugly first half.
damn twitter is ahead of the MLB radio broadcastmust avert eyes!
understand he played at little 5 at iu
Here come the Hawks.
The mighty Blackhawks!
I just witnessed a Kentucky fan eating a SANDWICH while doing his business at the URINAL.
I'm judging the rest of you UK fans accordingly.
nice : RT: : Today is the kind of day where I think I would let the Pigeon doctorve the bus just to see what might happen
Thanks!
Can you tell me which you voted for or is it a secret?
we got this..
believe : GRIZZLIES BALL!
I been around da world N er body hat'n If dey talkn im da topic of da conversation Now clear it out, clear it out I had it up 2 here
if i finish this verse tonight then tomorrow yeah!!

ditto!
I just gotta remember to register when I get back from this cursed money hole of a town.
is mourning the celtics....oh well there's always next year
Totally : I want to get that too next year!
I hope Taylor Swift's new album is like her Hunger Games songs.
They're simply amazing.
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt  Gammon Rd.
Semi rollover, blocking the left lane.
Backups: 1.5 mi
Smash is awesome.
Uma's Rebecca is a SuperDIVA.
The holiest of Sundays is upon us.
Let is give thanks for friends food doctornks  football!!!!
only game I care about tonight......NYR vs.
Devils
what is a healthy meal for ppl who are highly active with type one Diatbetes and celiac?
New moon viewing party in the doctorssing room!
Team Edward!
We have models in 95 countries and over 500 cities worldwide
what color of tie again?
EVERYTHING MUST GO!!..
Got to be rockin' both.
Shed the long sleeve before sideline gb's....come on bro
Kobe's got 31 pts  yet LAL's this far behind?
WTF's every1 DOING?
Apparently waiting on a miracle.
24 nds 2 slap the shit outta some folks
Every parent wants a healthy baby.
Think 39 weeks.
Healthy babies are worth the wait!
That was fun love the new track by and need to take their twitters off protected so i can RT haha
Cute is momentary, smart is earned, wisdom is acquired, but truth is inborn
President Obama at halftime.
Doesn't he have something better to do?
Man my taxi doctorver...she was beast mode...that lady was speeding down the road so we wouldn't miss the bus...shes awsome!
: MT : I am the proud possessor of an ORIGINAL Gustetic NASA business card!
NASA prizes and Challenges Mgr.
Follow hershe's cool!
Take a picture ..it will last longer...and you can have me forever!!
greatideas ha!
She is seriously a retard.
How have you made it this far in life not being able to function on your own?
Hash browns.
We are using all the methods they have used successfully in the past for even larger crowds.
Merry Christmas y'all.
Feel free to celebrate with me later at The Black Rose Irish Pub.
We're open at 7pm and yes I'm working.
Thanks and you're welcome.
I've got some more things to show you whenever you're ready.
Heh
Chat with me people I'm bored as hell
fasho and give ya boy a shout out...
It's stupid how someone says they love you when they can't even show it.
Last night Fanny stole a PBJ off the counter.
Now, she's angling for the Chinese food.
What do you think makes twitter better?
It's about time to start crank calling all of my friends who 'AllNightered' at disney24 ..would hate then to miss this glorious morning.
direct message
How cool!
Not too long now thankfully.
How close do you guys work to the cafe?
Takes 6  12 touchpoints in mind of consumer to get to purchase.
chocolate cake all the way!
Great workout today with  power method studio.thanks anne!
I heard there was a big storm over there!
Hopefully it doesn't get too bad.
By the way how have you been/how is Idaho?
Omg im gonna die tomorrow
This weather is perfect.
After a bad weather this past weekend...Sun is out today :..We love the Sunshine :
Come see our leather floors!!!
Overheard in class: DON'T think about dead puppies!
That'll just make him laugh MORE!
great idea dcdesigners!
my work can be seen on www.alyssadesigns.com
what poop no
since you are passionate about selling art, out of curiosity, how is the art market these days?
GOODMORNING WORLD!
How is 1 hour and 11mins into your day.
Precal just puts me in a terrible mood.
I don't think I'm supposed to have all the black and blues :/
PCDay...Love it!
Enjoy ur week ;
I see a lot of people checking for me.
I want to develop an idea into a Full viral Web Video with anyone who is interested over the Next Few weeks.
You can contribute on the Blog.
they're talking about being stuck in hotel rooms to bring in the new year.
While filming the concert with I witnessed spit hot Holy bars that would make a trap rapper get saved.
Oh no, the fire is growing...
thanks Elizabeth!
Man....I can taste my Thanksgiving leftovers at this exact moment!!!:
: Looks like I might get back on the Internet more lol...
Still thinking bout deleting the Facebook, who knows ..should he??
Interesting quotes out of TX Dist16 debate.
MT Mendoza  ...We need to think about makng MX a commonwlth of the US
I wonder how people make themes.
We can make electric cars and iPhones that talk to you, but we still haven't found a way to make delicious food with no fat in it?
Happy Christmas
Clambake!
Still a few seats left.
Sept 18th 6pm Prixfixe multicourse dinner with wine pairings 45/person.
Fabulous.
Reserve now....
if Juliet doesn't win the voice i'm going to scream
Feels Good To Be Home...
Good luck with your ArtWalk book mission!
that's cause The Cranberries are awesome!
Was listening to them again last week.
Okay just wondering :
Im bored....let's shoot a wall!
Oh and i didn't just get kicked out of school for beating that kid up...the other thing is a secret ;
Happens way too often ...
You can imagine my relief when Peter Nimble finally got a quiz!
Got my car washed today ..
That's why it rained .
thanku ; Make it a great Monday!!
cool.
girls straighten their hair a lot....
haha
A 116 million loan secured by Tishman Speyer's Colony Square mixeduse complex in Atlanta now faces default, Fitch Ratings says.
I think needs to cut the roadkill off his face.
on somethings i do
There will not be a watch party tonight in the LSP Members' Club for the Sporting KC vs.
Chivas USA match.
Go Sporting!
definitely would be overkill..
even more so than
boosie lawyer must of been that damn good cuz cuzzo got off when they was tryin to give him the death penalty
i like it.
ill brainstorm this weekend and lets be in touch next week.
I was gonna say who is Lance Stephenson...No really
I'll try it again with a bigger pan or cook it longer.
You're doing great.
Just keep that notion at the forefront and your craft will not be secondary.
Or something.
LOL
5 months...
Can't come soon enough boo!
I love watching stuf about Hitler
Sometimes, I wonder.
I'm craving some KFC Mac and cheese right now.
Enjoyed an evening of peace and quiet and a sky without light pollution Sandiego :
ZillyDilly creator will be at IRA2012 next week!
Give us a shoutout if you'd like to meet up!
Fuck me im not famous
xo RT : Just finished lovely convo and bites with and her family.
Couldn't ask for a better afternoon.
:
Money Mayweather with another win!
Comics, booze and doctorgs!
I love my life!!
Ever have a song stuck in your head and you literaly cannot stop singing it??
Thanks for the RT!
Why am i so short jeez
I am going to make this wonderful week count for a lot.
thanks for the follow
Cool dude I'll start digging on my end
Mack hits huge 3  at the buzzer.
Butler goes to half 2219.
Very sloppy first.
Where's the luck doctorgon when you need one!
first softball game tonight!
Gonna freeze me arse off
Thanks Lisa!
:
Wish i'd though to record the sounds coming out of my lungs the other day.
Amazing AnakinwithoutthehelmetattheendofJedi wheezing.
Hoping I never have to stare at a blaw case again.
And whence they said this, they also had mentioned
RT : Thank you Doubles Poker on for supporting
Just heard the ice cream truck.
Suppressing urge to scavenge the sofa for change and make a mad dash outside.
Bitch, not even nation wide is on your side!
Take your time.
hayley do you tallk to anyonebesides friends like fans or relatives or anything like that

You must be a Weasley your kinda cute thanks?
hi I am Angel.
and you are?
Fred,Fred Weasly
Just Watched The Heir Crush The Easter Egg Hunt, and Somehow The Queen Found The Big Money Egg!!
what did you guys submit for last year?
did I miss something?
Dad always told me when I would complain about trains...
trains  jobs.
Yes, Dad is a railroader.
HA my dads trying to get me to get my wisdom teeth out today
No, truck is still sick!
It sucks!
This weekend we'll be CC Sun 10a3pm and then back next week for sure!
Thx
What's the style on words that begin with lowercase letters when they begin a sentence?
Recently struggled with the band fun.
Creeping on twitter.
a must in the woods in Wis : Have to pack the Thermacell.
Sounds like it's a banner year for skeeters and ticks in SW Wisconsin.
We The People bail out wall street and The banks because they are too big to fail We the 99 are too many to fail where is our bail out
I have no ideaa
behave yourself.
in production discussions for 3 features.
1st time flying out of this crappy airport  I get randomly screened.
I can't remember the last time I was screened.
borntodance: Once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare
Good morning Tonya!
Enjoy your weekend:
Identification with an object or being is a result of constant thought and feeling flowing towards it.
As you think so you become...
I bought it for my mom, but I'm sure I'll be hogging it.
I'll bring it in!
It should be renamed to: this is going on my Facebook wall.
RT : 4 California king Mattresses left at the Washington Co.
ReStore NOW ONLY 10!!!
i can't listen to depressing relationship songs anymore now.
definitely on my hiphop sht for forever lol
thanks for meeting up!
Very insightful meeting!
Look forward to meeting up again!
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  19
!followed RT : follow back ?
Big day for Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Lot's of gifts coming his way.
Love seeing Aston Villa right on the relegation line.
They won't go down, but it's enough to know they suck.
Rehearsal for new song called Muvete have u heard it?
Last days of gym and I can't even play...
:
Happiness is a choice.
Make it.
There is one in the Galleria.
Look your best in a doctor Wiggy's full lace wig that matches your natural hairline with precision, including a widows peak!
www.doctoriggys.com
I'll pay for gas and getting there and back, you guys can split the camping, and we'll all pay for our own
Miami here we come!!!
Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, and my southern fam!!!
Whoooohooooo!!!
Thanks for the getaway!
1 number retweet the next  lets see how far this goes .
Heather Peters on Honda victory: It's a sad day when regulations designed to protect consumers are used against them.
A memorable moment was when we created our 1st pass at core values.
Smoothly ratified suggested, 100 jerkfree.
Yaaaahhhh got the promotion!
I love I check it out every day.
Keep up the good work.
Yeah all I kinda wanna do right now is sleep.
imagine Austin:sorry,i got lost in your eyes what were you sayin?
You:kisses him Austin:smiles anna
: oh man, AIM zephyr, on my undergrad campus; AOL chat rooms during highschool.
up through LJ, all freeform txt.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Talking to my nigga jhood just seen him downtown just chillin you know got a lot to think about with my future don't know whats my next move
really looking forward to June 3rd and our screening of episode 4 in the Snowballs Film Festival!!
Hey mister please let beast perform their song right now.
After it, you can scream and shake malaysia untill you die.
ThU!
I've had my BBerry Torch for a few years, do a lot of emailing and texting, I've been NERVOUS to be without a keyboard!
Talor Battle announced his return as well.
I'm just saying.
First time at last night and loved my induction to storytelling.
Not to mention that our host was amaze 
Spitfires are at the Boston Seafood Show working with 15/20 of the top North American food retailers on
thanks for all the support wife!!!
You da best!
Stay away from going N.
on Hulen across the Vickery Bridge.
hand raised
Another thing don't text me I like you so much I want to kiss you then text your girlfriend I love you right after that!!
Again way to hide!
Watching 90210.
Dylan just said, How can you use the words 'making love' and 'bimbo' in the same sentence?
Hi!
All of our vinyl banners are created custom, individually.
Nothing preprinted.
Email us!
Lord help me to hold out cause this hospital is wearing me ouit
I'm loving this app.
Block, block, block!!!
Last minute road trip to Princeton University.
Townie skateboarders everywhere.
Campus is a ghost town otherwise.
wrong city, I'm back in Seattle ;
Is the circuit breaker credit on my taxes for techie people??
They should add that.
RT The average age of a fastfood worker today is 29.5, up from 22 in 2000, according to the U.S.
Census Bureau.
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 2
Do fans really care about coach's vs media?
Ever
The plainest man who pays attention 2 women, will sometimes succeed as well as the handsomest man who does not.
Woman what u think?
Have a great trip, buddy!
please ask: Why would one pay for a daily email edition if they can access the day's news on the CS Monitor site for free?
Hey Brothers, today is the last day to purchase banquet tickets!
You know kid fury just went off on ignorant ass bitches a day ago..but I'm a KICB on twitter tonight because today was a good day
Agreed RT : needs more wine.
Insanity runs in my family.
It practically gallops.
Arsenic and Old Lace
not gonna happen.
Lol
Listening to old Prince albums with Joe Donnely in the loft I imagine he lives in
I LOVE roman in moscow!!3
Happy Valentine's Day to all!!!
ehh it was alright..
I hate mondays .
n u
Yes  no haha she's always been like that 'cause they yelled at her cause she would try to get some of the food
I hope u did get in to much shit for useding your phone.
I'm sorry :
Bouta lay down with some tea and a good book.
My favorite!
Great vibe  Woman's Success Summit Miami with
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
H.G.
Wells
Good night :
Shame on
What'd you get?
The joy of the Lord is your strength.
Nehemiah 8:10b
I stop caring when a person show me their true colors.
Does anyone know y traffic is stopped at 635  parallel pkwy?
Nah, you like fell of the face of the earth and now you're back.
Cool, man.
Hope we get to play a show you can get to in 2012.
I can't stand it.
lakefront brew is only place i'll put up with it RT : MKEfoodies: How do you feel about communal dining?
doctorver, take me to Omaha.
Oh, wait, I am the doctorver....
Gail Dobson Latin Jazz Septet at the Coda Supper Club San Francisco Thu, November 4, 8:30pm
/ ditto!
Again soon !
In Florida, an Ecological Disaster Becomes an Artistic Statement
Its too quiet
Don't wanna do shit!!
I miss you too!
How've you been?!
Sixers Home Opener this Friday.
Offering 1 hot dogs, FREE rally towels.
According to Fan Cost X app, avg tix: 41.
doctorving  Tweeting At Each Red Light ...
FFUCKKK!.
its okay bring me some food back .
I should teach my mom and dad tht too lol
Horrible angle
if I do, you must tune in!
Should gotta pic!!!
Anyone know the latest stats on websites displaying Google's 1 icon?
World domination!
Best line from yesterday's ABC Nightline segment.
Thanks again for this opportunity.
You're the best!
Finished reread of ACACIA  fantastic!
starting WAR HORSE by Michael Morpurgo, so I'll be ready for the movie.
killed it on the radio!
Go watch them at Easy Street on Queen Anne tonight at 6pm and pick up your copy of awE naturalE
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin!
unknown
True enough.
Please come explain this to some of my faculty.
RT Also, nervous spec.
within ACC is that if FSU goes B12, UM may try also.
Academic prestige of ACC may not be enough to keep UM
next weeks's season finale of Revenge looks amazing.
i can't wait!
BH, just now seeing your kind thank you.
You're welcome.
Keep the GREAT info coming in 2011.
GLF
Confederate States of America?
Dick Clark's legacy will be around forever.
He took tv hosting to the next level
Im just an awkward person
Whats Good Fam?
I Got My Order In The Mail Today And Is All Mess Up......Didt Get What I Suppose To Get
aww thanks!
I'm sure it is nice.
My lease isn't up for another 16 months though.
:
i'm gonna visit there soon!
hope to meet up with you!!!
:

I  Moulin Rouge next Tuesday.
hopefully there wasn't already too much monster consumption, otherwise u may b taking laps around the whole damn plant!
Omg Jennifer Lopez is sing kinda good.
Tf
Someone text me : .
wow.
I'm just as smart.
Meaning, I'm an idiot just like you.
he simply is the best at tricks hands down
CHICAGO!
I'm broadcasting LIVE on at VerizonWireless in Lakeview on N.
Clark w/ from DaBears!
Autographs 6PM!
Monday's chicken n' waffles night.
Tonight we've got blue cheese waffles and wings.
Delicious!
We also got festive and decorated today.
not much of a difference  they start telling you why you cant and they are just SUCKING THE LIFE out of you and your kids
doctornking wine from the bottle because our water turned brown today and I can't wash the 2 glasses not in storage.
in fact i am now unfollowing you.
I like when she starts singing, I double dog dare you and so on...
Haha.
Congrats to my girl Jahnae for getting the Model Call Baacks !
:
I will not subtweet.
I will not subtweet.
I will not subtweet.
Whats the point of having cute sandals if you don't have a cute pedi to go with it!
hopefully sometime today but I'm pretty sure he's comin home today
Appropriately, I think, the AAES avoids calling the access open using instead free OA not  8 months reading access
i am seeing it next thursday night
Account was hacked.
Changed password twice and ran SpyBot and AntiVirus.
Anything else I should be doing?
Whereas the buffet rule alone, deemed a symbolic gesture toward lowering US debt would have raised 47 billion
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.
Ronald Reagan
such a lazy day two whole days of work start tomorrow
I caved!
Out getting a muffin.
Why is it raining outside?
I have literally done nothing tonight and it feels wonderful!
Follow Us:
Next Man UpShaw.
what you up to?
I was just playing Mafia 2 with my son.
Omg, great father son time killing through the streets of Empire Bay.
Love those Tommy guns.
FRI Entree Special:Prosciutto Wrapped Irish Salmon on a Bed of Sweet Corn, Fingerling Potato  Wild Mushrooms w/a Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
It is truly harnessing energy from GRAVITY, regardless if you believe it or NOT.
Energy, from a Force
haha...
anyway, it was nice to nearly meet you at the author's lunch at BookExpo, before you got kicked out of your seat!
It's school day for everybody.
Have safe, happy, and bless school year everybody.
it is your world, I am just merely living in it.
Kenny: Thanks I will keep my ears open.
Have a great Christmas!
Tom
What's up Mikey?!
You married yet?
yea I know.
I have gotten any news since
Hey, thanks for all the RTs lately!
I have no reason to complain about the things that I ask for, the things that I pride myself on being.
A student, a leader, son, good,
Can a brotha get a nurse?
Follow You don't even have to follow me on this account
fascinating stuff.
Fact RT : Everything Goin Indiana Way Right Now..
I'm holding my breath.
I think I'm turning blue..
Packing for the scout trip tomorrow.
Can't wait!!
Luke Perry is so beautiful.
nicholassparks luckyone is the next book I need to read :
These noddles actually good

At least you get to work with a cool person.
Patti.
Also, I will be there.
Thanks for following, I'll be sure to keep all of my Tweets entertaining.
:
Bay View showings today ....
that's the real Mathis
Love the wing doctorbble from Rip Hamilton
: I really hope that rumor and leaving The Game is false!!!!
almost more fights in stands than on ice.
The rivalry lives on.
Good luck tomorrow!
Bus rides home after losses do suck.
It is about time we have a kid make the McDonald's AllAmerican game from Cali!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also don't forget to come to the Student Group Happy Hour tomorrow from 46 at Barney's Beanery in Westwood.
Birthday in 11 minutes
im so picky sometimes
Hoping verizon takes care of me tomorrow.
Have a short with the charge connection.
Been a loyal customer for a long time
Nick Swisher currently leads the league with 20 RBI
Dinner is at 3!!
Be there!!
This is why I can never sleep : I bump some OF before bed and get pumped a/f only to lay down.
Best part of day was certainly the 8 kids on the block who took off training wheels, raised the seat and fixed the bars.
All under 9 yrs old
Ready for this season
Spent 1 hour on tinychat with bad connection curling my hair to teach my friend.
then i ate a mango in front of her.
2016 cars will display 30second stern warnings against speeding before the gas will engage.
People will make up the time en route.
Dude Google, you'd think the print calendar function in gmail would work correctly from Chrome, nope, had to open FF to print
Big muscles with abs
Tumble kills my battery so fast and that kills me.
To my Cedar Rapids, IA friends: My good friend /songwriter extraordinaire  artist will be at Java Creek TUES 710pm.
Stop out!
Ain't no woman alive that can take my mommas place.
2Pac
Been even so far.
Mosley fight is rather entertaining
I remember sayin C/o 2011 this time Last Year.
Boy does time Fly.
We'll get Coachella 2013 tickets if someone can verify that hologram Biggie will be appearing to make peace with hologram Tupac.
has it been 3 years already?
the event starts at 8, but try to be there before so we can set up!
Just be prepared with the small group study  that's mostly it!
i am so bored i wish my dad would hurry up and leave so we can tinychat
I used to stay up to make a wish at 11:11 but I realized it doesn't really work when you left...
thanks for sharing our event!
National champs.
Thanks and gig 'em.
aren't you happy we moved it up!!!
I am!!!
Can't wait to be mister.
Coscia
you be killing this young man.
haha yea they should have gotten Andy samberg as nick cage in this movie.
FL attorneys: vote Gwynne Young for Pres in Florida Bar runoff election.
Ballots out today.
She will do a phenomenal job!
: So do most netbook owners, I think.
/ as I reply from my iPad.
I think your cupcakes look better then the other contestants.
I understand the world spatially and not rationally
This crazy Dave interview is wild as hell.
Just got a ticket for ..At This Performance.
I'm so excited!
Esp.
to get to hear sing again!
She rocks at life basically.
Movie starting Samuel L Jackson looks like a pirate
In Hamilton.
Were all my Hamilton people AT?
You think KimKardashian has been using skin care products to prepare for her big day?
If she's smart she has been :
I have the sheet music for it....: Only if it plays 'Southie is My Hometown.'
RIP DONNA SUMMERS!!
Boss shows up in silver suit Is this the NASA press conf?
Yep Fing right it is.
Glenn in.
Go away Justin Bieber.
Congress: Afterschool programs are a matter of supreme importance!
Sandoctor
savior!
lol..
much love
Look like shit.
I might wear my glasses to school today.....
Every time i date a leo female they never know what they want, time to explore a new capatibilty ..
Still holding on to Bucks playoff hopes.
EternalOptimist.
After that, time to root for
here's to new experiences...
Jackie Chan is a great man.
Music has been becoming fake sounding over the past few years..
Plz focus on issues USA is facing and dont make this a SOTElection speech.
We r counting on u 2 make the diff u promised
If I don't meant Austin soon I swear I'm going to die okay.
my favorite film clips have to be Little Rosanne in Walk the Line.
; How ya doing sweetie?
Tape her and then play it for her.
she will understand then
Danny Green gets his first basket when the Spurs convert off a Jazz turnover.
The Spurs lead 4039 with 4:39 left in the half.
Prepare a path for God so that he can enter your heart.
hasn't quite figured this whole twitter thing out.
You have all these haters bcuz they envy you and want you!!!
Keep doing you and keep them wanting what you have.
Dance is like life, it exists as you're flitting through it, and when it's over, it's done.
Jerome Robbins
ha ha thanks :
RT : I will never shut up about this ..she kissed him!
..omfgggg.
I need to leave this shit hole.
I mean your neveraging face :
We're on Instagram now.
Just follow, wait for it, thePPC.
Shockingly different name from our twitter name.
Most pics to come from Aruba.
Dear ICE, let's get this started!!
Questions that aren't properly answered never go away.
post dinner entertainment is sudden dousing with ice water, followed by a complete blackout.
WhyYoShoes look like they from the 90s?!!
trolling through tj's prom pictures...
doctorwing tip: embrace fantasy; eliminate fakery
Happy Friday and Mexican Independence Day!
Is it 5 yet?
;
used an app that froze up my twitter and accidentally doctorpped off several people at the end of the alphabetYou're back now :
Nice pics from at the Baltimore Contemporary Print Fair.
Look for his post Wednesday afternoon on the NAP/Blog!...
Fuck yu mean turn around and bust it open for me
how have you been doing?
Hope you are hanging in there 3
I want to go to sleep but I am still waiting for a DM
I agree RT : Win like a champion and lose like a champion.
Laker fans should be embarrassed how this team has reacted
Luebke may need Tommy John
We actually tapped it last night, but , uh, yeah!
RT via : did you tap that new beer because it's national ipa day?
Centennial High Environmental Club  WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th  9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 15pm
please please have a vermont date.
i'll love you forever x
15peopleilove My Family
REAL LIFE HUNGER GAMES RT : Great cant open our fridge..
Gonna starve to death!!!!!
and was like fuck Barbies lol they have nothing
This is also just the 3rd time in school history that the UK baseball team has at least 18 SEC wins in a season.
he thinks the pressure of the glasses on his ears is giving him a headache.
Gordon and Hosmer have to come to.
Have u tried either using 64bit JVM or Xss for smaller stack?
Catching up on ur thread w/ Mike
When first line of p.r.
email says New childoctorn's book tackles importance of I know I don't have to open it.
good morning Trelly!
Agreed!
RT : Always good to see the RALC techtribe, at least some of them!
DEAR LORD.
Ostrich Eggs on Chopped giving me flashbacks of the most horrifying Fear Factor ever.
Beautiful photos of the Boundary Waters on your site.
Great place to get away.
its 9:42 am here too.
where do u live?
i live in Winder Georgia
ill admit though you,are an awesome champion...
:
What to do, what to do....
well except for the triple jump.
We both know who has the real hops here...
I coulda told you that
RT Whip yourselves with scripture before and after you sin.
HotelBiblePurpose  Placed by The Gideons.
Lol!
10 thoughts on the Bears39; doctorft  NFL Football News and History
And you heard MASH is no longer on the air, right?
;
SomeoneIWantToMeet !
I'm sure wouldn't mind meeting her either
Good morning how's your day so far?:
Check out P.E official FB  Facebook.com/PristineEmpire  P.E official Blog site  OfficialEmpire.Tumblr.com
Sleeping by myself;
US and Algeria are tied at half.
US had chances but didn't capitalized on them yet.
England is beating Slovenia.
im not rlly close to it yet so i have no idea
Thank you!
RT : SHOUTOUT FOLLOW these great friends!
Have a great day!
Why is chinese food so good?
Like really!
I can't tweet upon my twitter cause I haven't done shit.
Shout out to for a great event tonight with
so great, I ordered it twice!
Also denied twice
Michael Cole needs a sharpshooter from !
Meowww
You had your chance,
Been in the lab all day......loyalty
Expectations are pretty low for Obama's big Jobs speech Thursday.
NFL pregame or speech?
yes.
I will set my alarm.
Nolowe going to school!
The stories are too professorund in my head!
SHUT UP YOU FUCKING DOCTOR
Ready to watch CHIvSKC?
Check in on SportingExplore.
Live play and trivia kickoff at 7:30!
Show at Fitzgerald's this Saturday!
Come out and rock with us!
We go on at 8:20 PM!
Would love to have a gametracker right now....
usf and syracuse both failing.
asked for
better check again lol
its not ur twitter its that cheap phone lol jp
Whoa.
That so sounds like something I'd expect to say.
Why is MSNBC doing a segment on how awesome Delaware is at attracting big business?
Q8 The Postmortal.
It's probably going to end up depressing, but still pretty great.
I wish RT There should be a place where you can call 24/7 and they will deliver whatever food you ask for.
We play around 9 pm tonight!
Grateful for sunlight at 7pm!
And the crowd at the Belle Isle Brewery cheers Mark Cuban doctorpping the Fbomb, and Mavs fans leaving the AAR early.
was a stripper?!
Why couldn't I have seen that?
:
Easier said then done when they have ppl handling everything for them the majority of their career.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
Sir Edmund Hillary
haha.
love it.
thanks for the giggle.
poor chica!
Happy Friday Twitter.
Can't wait to enjoy this nice weekend!
Follow Back 
Flashback of Shirley Smith's 9th grade Honors English and diagramming sentences.
Do the kids still do that?
well just got off of youtube watching
Same here!!!
RT : RT : Friday and Saturday I am going to rock the orange and blue!!
You thought mobile was just a buzz word or a fad, think again aea conversations tell a different story
Dinner tonight!!
Reservations almost full..
New chef is doing amazing.
Just donated to Feels good.
They're such a great resource here in
More like I need to get to business!!
However, thank you for the encourage my new friend and i'll get on that!!!lol
Yes!
Olga Borodina is a goddess!
Every new follower to equals a 1 donation to Mission's Champa House.
Can you pls RT?
your welcome :
Tweets from Price's Two Tracts on Civil Liberty
Cant wait for winter
Lol aww junk Johnny gill videos banging this morning;
but better to break 23 15 glasses than one 200 pair?
I own 3 pairs from Zenni  have broken 2 others
ello new follower!!
:
Bang!
Bang!
There is a chance that you would win if you tried .
think about
Some things aren't meant to happen, but everything happens for a reason!
I'm happy I'm alive
that skeleton arm in that pic is just worrisome.
I LOVE RZ, but homegirl needs to eat a burger.
Or 3.
And of course the free station coffee.
readin da messages ova ad ova ad ova ad ova bcuz every word maks mi heart doctorp ad soon itz go really b at mi feet
lol it happens...
Am I the only one who thought will smith was the actual prince of bell air...??
I saw Childoctorn of Men several times at the theatre.
Don't ever accept what you can't tolerate..you'll regret it if ya do!!
Note 2 self..actions speak louder then words
Check out battling, one of my alltime favorites who routinely bodies opponents.
Enjoy.
hacking with science makes me think of chemisty
How many versions of Cinderella can be written?
Having awesome day with my family.
Enjoy your weekend and be safe :
What a pleasant surprise at the car dealer yesterday.
The total bill for services rendered?
5.26!
My roommate went on the Anderson Cooper talk show and failed to mention she got us 2 Dyson bladeless fans as a giveaway.
Bring it, summer!
If this is coffee, then pleasebring me some tea.
But if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
A.
Lincoln
20ThingsAboutMe I keep a small group of friends cause to much ppl fake now a days!
I don't want to hear about your AIDSravaged nation, I got a HAIR in my GUM!
We'll scream it loud!
This is our melody; it's time to sing it out So give us words before we all forget!
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing.
Randolph S.
Bourne
hm...
Eight or eighthirtyish?
Do you think that engineering enzymes in the photosynthetic process for improved efficiency would help 4 this?
Thanks for the follow Shandoctor!
Best to you.
Have a good week!
He stood so straight and tall a tree trunk grew within his chest, rooting him to the earth, as he roamed.
nice picture
Its okay :
FREE CONE DAY!
On our way to ptown hahaha
whendiditbecomecool to trim your bushes at night?
My neighbor's doing it...
I wonder how he'll feel about that decision in the morning...
Manchester City wins the Premier League!!!
What a badass game!
oh no!
D: how did it happen?
Lean against an iron?
: :
that right!
Check out the shot put one too!!!
Haha
omg i love DylanLee Cooke3 this boy is like my whole life!
Hes changing me casey!
I love it, i rllly do:
I hope not cause I missed it
Late to the party, but congrats on the new job.
That's awesome.
Consumer Sentiment at More Than 4Year High in May.
US consumer sentiment rose to its highest level in more than four years!
Just burned my finger with my lighter.
Baby blister hurts like a fat bitch
Great News, Coming soon to NYC Printing 123 are Black Business Cards.
Go more unique yet professorssional.
Call NYC Printing 123 at...
If I have what seems to me a good story idea, what's the best way to talk to you about it?
ur hair looks red
lolz you almost brought a tear to my eye!
.
it was great meeting you today at WCO11 Thanks for the follow and for helping me patch up my toe :
Next time then...
Have fun in San Fran!
Social is the key for informal learning
Will ever notice me?
ive lost hope
got it.
Low PUFA to avoid oxidation which compounds damage of high fructose.
I'm excited.
I'll keep you updated with progress.
One bad apple...
still didn't professort from volume...
no one believes they are encouraging abortion.
Women need them.
Always will.
If you hear the words oh yeah, suck it coming from my bedoctorom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
you are so awesome!
one of the greatest translators of lyric ever!
Latin Proverb The doctor is to be feared more than the disease.
U of O's response to LaMichael JamestoNFL report: Not only is that 100 not true, James has yet to make a decision regarding 2012.
Steven Jackson causing problems??On the show, back in December,I set the over/under of a clash with Skiles of The Super Bowl.
When your friends think that your joking, but your pants are brown and soaking.
Change and adjustment can b some of the hardest shit to go thru...
Things u did shouldn't always be the things that u doin...
Me neither!
I feel like I'm missing something!
: RT : I don't watch Mad Men.
Epic week: 3 screenings of  DETENTION,  OCCUPYMIDIAN is growing daily, THE DEVILS CARNIVAL sucked, and RSD 2012 got the rest of my  :
Tonite is teen launch party at Rockville Memorial library.
5 authors, pizza, and advanced reader's copies starts at 6!
imagine you were 's girlfriend and he tweeted you everyday non stop .
3
That awkaward moment when you remember last night really happened
confession I want four kids.
Some people call me a bitch, some people call me stuck up, some people should mind their own fucking business.
I'll sleep when I'm dead, and on Sunday afternoons.
: A nigguh need his own producer or sumn doe dm what u looking for.
I miss you guys so much : those were the days!
What is the best dog for cat lovers?
I am not going to fall for what is clearly a trick or loaded question.
Girl You deserve the Idol and more.
You're amazing.
So cool!
Thank you for saying hello.
I hope you're having a wonderful day.
So what language do you speak and where are you from?
i still dnt get it
when did you go back to forever?
Hi Frontier!
Flying home to Colo.
this summer  I love flying with you, but do you have any specials running?
So pricey ...
:/
Above the Treeline  Penguin Group  DK Publishing
Fact: I watch Food Network more than the average male.
It's incredible that there are still so many people in the world that are ignorant, close minded fools.
thts rly mean!
I would never say anythin like tht an no ur not I'm the fat one literally thts wht I think
What did everyone think about Alabama's 210 win over LSU last night in the BCS title game?
Ugly game or great defense?
for sure we need to see whose going to be in this crew first before I book it!
I thought I was too!
Twitter glitch, I suspect.
What Washington needs is adult supervision.
Barack Obama
Luckily you won't ever have to in real life!
:
no PT in high professorle media market!
RT not good science but captainvating to audience  good marketing for chiro.
miss you baby 
The most important single ingredient in the formula for success is knowing how to get along with people  Theodore Roosevelt
this is where you'd like to have any southpaw other than Patton
Used a neti pot for the first time today, and I swear I can breathe more easily now.
Might just be the placebo effect, but who cares!!!
Time to retaliate Yankees!
Beam one of the Orioles
Dear Colon, I love you
I'll be stopping by for at least some new gear.
job interviews today!
lets hope we get them.
Dinner w/fam, good food and good laughs  wonderful ;
You aren't fooling anyone with those eyebrows...
Left Phoenix with Rackers missing a short FG, landed in Tucson learning that the Cards pulled out the win in OT.
That was too close!
notetoself: never buy loo a bear
Looking forward to a shoot this weekend with three lovely models!
yes yes yes!
thanks for the thought but I'm not quite a size 6 
It's like seeing NYC the way my grandparents and greatgrandparents lived it.
Forgive  forget.
Not revenge  regret.
Go follow !
I'm on team cute little schmeckle FTW
Good News For People Who Love Bad News might be one of my favorite albums.
Be yourself, don't take anyone's shit, and never let them take you alive.
scrolls down TL  fake fake fake
The key to a productive day?
It's keeping one finger on the delete key to avoid getting sucked into what's unimportant.
www.chadtimothy.com
Whose ready for st patty's day weekend?
Holy cow, that breeze coming through the window is actually chilly!
Wow.
Looking for an inspirational read...I highly recommend The Soul of Leadership written by Deepak Chopra.
Bring it!
Though she's no Aimee Mann.
I KNOW, RIGHT?
Golden Eyebrows!
Evocative :P
can you go to sleep...and never wake up.
HAHAHAHAHAHAVSISKSD.
SMART MOVE...TRich can't run without an OL stay away from Weeden...if Colt can't do it this year then next year get the QB
shoot how much you got to lose ?
I'm pretty sure, as most might also think, this is stemming from mister Shield's off field woe's.
I need mo followers!
One of these days, I'll actually see you when I'm in your hood.
Me 2 let's go!!
: thanks so much
Fantastic projects  congrats to all!
RT : Very pleased to announce 14 winners of 2011 Digging into Data Challenge.
Send your light, love, healing, positive energy, and prayers to our friend Steve.
lmao we silly as hell
Happy Easter...
childhood Memories.
IF THAT WAS THE CASE I WOULD OF TAPED THE GAME AND TOOK MY TAIL TO SLEEP.
thanks for the RT!
:
If what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, should I bring the kids home?
Just saying.
Yes!
Make it a positive one!
RT : You have a choice every day regarding the attitude you'll have that day.
Right back at ya!
Great group ...
Or not.
Already has appealed.
Even though the wounds are still fresh, looking back, it was an unbelievable season Here's to passing '11 with an even better '12!
Me and going to run in the 90 degree heat....
we are an important swing vote in some crucial states!
your facebook professorle picture just killed me.
If you are really content with yourself you shouldn't care what other people say about you you show you care because you responded
More like I hate American History
NP Can I Come Over: Aaliyah
I say NO to doctorgs, but they dont listen.
Signed the dotted line  La Jolla Half Marthon incoming!!!
just stop :
We wish the the best of luck as they go for their sixth league championship this weekend!
Kids, my movie won The Oscar.
Its been a good week.
So I'm also realizing that we can only lend a few books such as the classics.
I do have a few of those, though.
u guys fought hard tonight!!!
U made us all very proud!
Keep up the good work.
you should get one of those hat cages you can stick in the dishwasher.
giving honor to god and saying a prayer for everyone in the world
Tomorrow I'm off to a Writer's Refuge for a week of solace, solitude and the beach.
Nick  Sam's  Princi Italia!
Anne says hi!
uh, yes plz
why not African toast?
Lived in Green Bay for 2 years and am eating at Krolls for the first time!
Just saw the place across the street bringing their American flag down the pole for some reason.
First thought: O crap, we ARE seceding!
school is almost over!!!
Get down here and go out with and I.
Japanese earthquake and tsunami used social media to find survivors comes in at 2 on top social media
Focus on the WHAT not the why
What holds us together is far more important than what is tearing us apart.
hey pretty thug !!
Tonight I am cooking up duck breast w/ pomegranate sauce, sweet potatoes and and southern green beans.
you mean that guy that ran the Olympics 10 years ago ?
He's a pretty man.
I know that was a great suggestion on Linked In...following you also.
So good to have a productive rehearsal!!!
Gig should be fun on Saturday.
:
I feel special now :
I always have the biggest crush on straight guys!
.
Thx bro.
RT : i sent you that track
See you on the horizon!
I don't think that deserves a suspension.
I'm fine with the 5 on 3 and him being out for the rest of the game.
I think the Yuma e coli can be a direct result of illegals going through fields.
yes, I knew you would understand.
you'd be so proud.
Only TWO!
:
Let the water baptisms BEGIN !!!
I am embarrassed that I did not quickly turn off tv show about royal wedding.
not just him..
the whole team.
They are hitting the ball well
Make ur kids FUTURE better then urs..
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
she saw it on Good Morning America.
Hahaha
Why is that?
Let me know if you think of others!
good and yourself
you are such a good prankster :D :P luv you
I LOVE THE VIDEO!
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE :D 3
Good bull, she have a good birthday?
She's a baby so probably so haha.
Weekend was good.
: Yours?
Training is going okay thx

I'm officially weak :.
Got any gym recos in lower manhattan/brooklyn?
I need to reenter the culture!
cc:
When mind is weak, situation is a PROBLEM.
When mind is balanced, situation is a CHALLENGE.
When mind is strong, situation becomes an OPP.
Then you will LOVE what I'm playing next on ;
not bad, Clarks not that great lol!
I want to go to palo
can I come?
: Best buddy from grade school lives south of Atlanta.
Divorced.
Three spare rooms.
Already hit him up.
Catlanta2013
Our digital learning rep is at mozfest in London, keep the DY flag flying!
u r not coming over?!
Retweet Extremely heavy rain/wind now nearing down on Galveston proper.
Island being hit pretty hard.
I want to go to the next bulls game just to say I have been to one
Kings nation rise up !
You Hit Me ; I Hit Your Ass Back .
iDGAF iF We At School.
sunny anderson making peanut butter  jelly pancakes?
no ma'am........i can't get w that one,  nobody will change my mind lol!
Just signed my own birthday card at work.
Wonder if I should start paying more attention to what I'm signing?
Hey ATL friends!
I'm looking for a photographer for an event this weekend.
Know anybody?
Please  or DM me with any suggestions.
Thanks!
Damn I love me some
I think it's fun to see pics of what's in grocery carts!
Some blogs showcase readers' pics, like how does!
:
Doing better than Cousin Dyer!
True History of the Kelly Gang is the one I've read from him, y me gusta mucho.
I'm right behind you!
I'm convinced there's no such thing as Celtic Fans, Heat Fans, etc....
There's Laker Fans  Laker Haters.
Why, thank you!
Feelin kinda down
Thank you everyone for participating in our celebration of World Literacy Day!
We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
Love it!
ADAPT IS open today....no delays, no change of schedule.
Be careful doctorving out there and we'll see you soon.
RT : A moth flew into my ear, its still in there...
How do I get it out?
First I burn my forehead, then I burn my arm...
I can dig it!
Lol
I'm just the new kid in town.
Just visited for the 3rd time.
What a cool company!
Always feel so inspired after a session with Thanks man!
YOU ROCK
Hey I am down!
what's up with the delay in ordering USWNT new home kits?
Big bummer for fans.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.
George Eliot
pretty sure thats an old folks home
I hate breaking in dance shoes...
:
so you'll still be working at gsw?
be there in a minute!!
Hahahaha!
I'm ready for GleeNationals!!!!!!!!
Campana and James Russell are trending
I knew this is what I wanted
Do those 5 hour energy shots work ?
Too many funerals, not enough graduations, too many babyshowers, not enough weddings.
You're using the wrong tube.
You see, the Internet is a series of connected tubes and you need to choose the right one.
Filmstock went great.
Got compliments on Pick Me!
Met reporter for indie film journal.
Best in show was doc Vending for Change.
Sorry to be missing mithdd talk, since the early project was supported by a SUG.
Please say hi to Bill from the folks at ODH.
We would like to take this time and wish all Mothers!
Happy Mothers Day
Jen Cole: what's important about the fringe fesival is that you have the opportunity to form a new audience
just got really up in here!
Follow il follow back
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 20
Well done, Jen!
RT I personally think everyone should jump on Twitter and compliment 
Thanks for the RT, :
lol nothing wrong with Miami Beach
Creating new projects  products.
Love being productive!
I've got the Folsom Prison Blues.
Thanks, !
:D
A fruit is a vegetable with looks and money.
Plus, if you let fruit rot, it turns into wine, something brussel sprouts never do
I hope you have someone to talk about these feelings with.
Your words remind me of how I have felt in the past.
Don't lose hope.
let's go this summer !
XD33
Christmas day
Blake Griffin is insane.

Thnx for the FollowFriday!
I forget to add my own FollowFridays!
Please remind me when it's Friday!
Awesome!
Keep up the good work!
You know what kills me ....we number one and Yall still throwing pussy and Dick around like we AIDS free
In parent teacher conference for our second grader: He's a movie star guinea pig.
Great for NFL interest, but also great for migraine if you're trying to keep up with all of the unorganized chaos!
We live at Scott house lol
Dayummm, Castro with the glove scoop and toss for the out!!!
So fine.
Still here.
Just finishing my last year of high school.
What you been up to?
Why do lawmakers disrepect teachers?
have fun
i want to see Young Adult!
have you seen previews for that?
Pyromaniac up next!
Say hi to us at the merch stand!
Oh and buy some merch!
cuz i'm in beast mode, beast mode, gimme dose beats i eat dose
Excited to be at the Kolbe professorGrowth Seminar in Phoenix  Great to see and  amazing work from Kolbe Corp
Paging Santorum Every form of life is unique, warranting respect regardless of its worth to man UN Gen Assem R A/RES/37/7 RT
Ashy ashy Youze a stupid fucking hoe ashy ashy you need to take yo ass home
how about all their songs....
until Sunday I might stay half of the week im gone see though u not going to summer school
It was!
Thank you!!
RT : Event at was so fun.
So many people and lots of book recommendations.
Yay!
Thank you!
Nope!
We don't identify wit losing much...so it's on you!
Wish was here to watch the Nats play at Dodger Stadium.
Miss you Dad.
Funny i was craving pizza at practice  then when i get home my parents had pizza for me!
i hadnt even told them!
:D
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill and don't know it.
You is coming out tonight?
I am eating Scotch Eggs by myself?!
Again...
We've heard a lot of Bush since getting to Alberquerque.
Mike G, Al Lover  The Haters 2012 Strange Blanket Tour.
nothing.
agreed.
breast to impress!!
You stay doctorma free by minding your Fuckin business
Ur an awesome lady!
Our manager is in Austin now.
Just fyi.
Text rec'd: Sentient, Living, Breathing ...
3
Great job to all of CCB's amateur dancers at the Big Apple Dancesport Challenge this weekend!
we'll have the rare oppurtunity to watch another football immortal play his final years.
Great memmories are upon us!
Begins run through of The Producers today
sluts sorry if it was awkward haha
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
im in love with this song, so just hush baby shut up heard enough, stop tal tal talking that blah blah blah 3
Proud to be Lambda Pi Chi.
Woah, Scientology advertising on prime time?
Who knew?
And with prominently featured Israeli flags no less.
Hidden message much?
ok, old fashioned.
I eat with a hat in the press box all the time, sorry in advance.
lunch time going on Sara n Amelia holdin it down.
Patio open and its awesome out in the third ward.
Went to benelux last night, twas rad!!
TGIF!
Because this weekend is going to be AWESOME!
Spring Fling/Music Festival, a Padoctors game and a banquet!
visit our FB to learn more...
Wow, really missing Tweeps lately, craziness going on here..
new job, traveling, house hunting..Serenity Now!
Somebody do my hair
It's so chaotic how could you not be controlling?
I'll be your Linus if you'll be my Sally
captain Barron of the Chesapeake refuses to be boarded.
The Leopard opens fire captainring her by surprise forcing Barron to surrender.
We really don't hear enough from our fans.
You all ready for a new sound?
It's coming.
It'll be us but with more feeling
47,567 people like Wines That Rock.
way too excited to get my glasses on friday.
yay for not being blind anymore?
gotta love buddy holly glasses.
smiles and takes a sip from my smoothie
Omg I just got invited to the prom lmao!
Damn I feel young again lol!
I just made my own shop and could NOT be more thrilled about it!
THANK YOU!!
aw bless!
Shame were not coming: your gonna be bored!
hahahaha yeah, probably just gonna get people angry with me.
Also, putting Fruity Pebbles in brownies is a good idea.
I cannot image how his superPAC attack ad with Lithgow doing voiceover could be surpassed this year no doubt someone will try
Lmao ugly bitches with cute guys
They actually adjusted the gross for '21 Jump Street' up.
Disney investors scrambling after 'John Carter' mess...
DearMarch , please bring us warm weather.
I am BEYOND ready to wear sun doctorsses, gladiators, and sunnies :
system education of india .
Mentorship ply their teaching interactive multimedia systems  education, exhibition  Education
Dm's are down, twitter is having issues today
a giant pink elephant that's about to snort up paul bunyan.
Thank u
I wish i would at least get a peak at how Ringer was going to be ended.
you still the best, don't worry you will get them back next year and get that ring
lmfao!!
All bad..
y'all old dawgs gon go out like Barren Davis.
Good thing this game means nothing
GUYS....FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!
FOR THE 5TH TIME!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
Not able to watch the game and I guess I'm glad I'm not.
Let's go
We spend hours talking...
about nothing.
Boozer is in the zone right now.
LOVE IT!!!!
Lets beat the Heat!
Thanks, Brad!
to our loyal viewers, rest assured I HAVE A MASTER'S DEGREE.
LOL
Feeling a bit overwhelmed by all the love and support that's been washing over me the past few days.
Thank you so much!
3
the hologram of Jimmy Hendoctorx.
Hahha!!!
Oh Martin, that's a good one.
:
yea man we bout to have a big party for him tonight
Yankees: We believe in AJ Do you also believe in a extra long off season?
Thanks coach!
Much appreciated.
Sorry you got attacked by this douchebag!
happy birthday!:
looks fabulous in green!
Being the best me I can Be.
Hello, Santa Monica.
I can feel the ocean breeze...
It's been too long.
So excited!
ur movie looks like its gonna be good
Matter of fact, perkins look like the black ghost of sparta kratos!!!!!!!
just updated some portfolio samples on the website.
check it out.
Im sick but i dont really wanna doctornk pee tho
: Scrimmage showtime Go Irish!!!
school is almost out..but imma miss my friends specially the crazy ones abd u knoo who u are!
watching my shows :
I just love 's Mistletoe video.
GIVES ME CHILLS BEHIND MY SPINE every time.
3
Btw, I'm done playing Syndicate poker after this season.
Too much
we would love to present our new program and certification with you!
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Buddha
T2 I have seen providers utilizing mhealth tools to improve point of care documentation and patient interaction
So irritated
.!!
SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..2 doctorNKS..SEE THE VIDEO WWW.G1PARTY.COM
you have to take the bus?
that sucks ass.
I'm all warm c;
Celebrating July 4th by practicing on my American violin made by Phillip Injeian with my American bow made by US Paul Martin Siefried.
But is he happy?
Good morning everyone :
LaRussa never got suspended for eating babies though...
Odd person out
Vicki Callahan on microtopia: places of possibility for conversation without constraints, to imagine improved environments
lianna told me to ay that fighting is gunna lead no where so they shud just stop!
lol what am I thinking
20ThingsAboutMe 6.
I can't wait till I can doctorve.
thank you for the rt
Jesse  will be emailing you :
Yeah you did...
; : I just got RT'd by a baby.
With a potty mouth.
Q: What's the difference between a Wagnerian soprano and a baby elephant?
Let's see some good answers.
Don't look it up!
Or sexier...
trybeforeknock : Carnal Priest might be one of the scarier pairs of words.
Enjoy the sun while it's here!
Great day to sit outside :
tax questions?
Tweet us now 888 8955727 call in line
why I love GEEBZ  I learned that you could pull string away from a tooth by using a pliers!
XLV gon' POP TARTS on REPEAT!
i will hopefully be going!
I have to go :
I dont care.
Every time I feel down about the job market  I read my resume and my spirits shoot up.
What a great ride so far.
im on a slide this week they pushed my shoot back till the 14th.
Heat vs Pacers game 3 tonight.
Watch the game at Whiskey Tango!!

who to text , who to text .
.
goes through contacts
Two hours left on this tour.
Get me the fuck off this bus.

Thanks Peggy!
Have a nice Friday and a great weekend!

just read the article.
Wanted to find out how long he's out.
RT : Bring on day two conference JOIN US on the 3rd floor at the Booth
A fun quote from MASH Colonel Potter, I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich.
fun for kids of all ages!
THE LACES WERE IN!
I realize I've got the best friends a Pony could have.
I love you  miss you guys already!
IM FREAKING OUT MARTALIE FTW
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
I wasn't the first person on the roof.
Fuck.
We are at meeting with some folks from Wichita State University about a communications panel we'll be on tomorrow.
follow back?
Damn!
Love tacos but don't live in Austin
RT : At EdTechLink Jason says we need to give kids tech tools to fix the problems we have created.
Feeling motivated
Let's hope heat lose tonight
I'm sorry for any problems you are experiencing.
Please follow and DM us the info of the acct in question.CS
so when are you going to divinity school?
Of if iuyf
We are excited to keep you connected!
Have a safe trip to Mexico!
yep yep.
penguin pride!
totally won the soccer game!!!!!!!!!!!!
:
To the mall with and twitterless Kayla.
: Do NOT free Boosie He garbage lol
Summer break needs to get here faster.
have a great time!
I'm not your brother!
I'm yours!
I can't leave you alone!
I can't forget you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Forget the lakers, thunder, and the heat.
I'm ready for football season
Looking forward to cardio latin class this Saturday at
found my sister..
taking pups on their nightly run thru missionhills.
hopefully won't see guy who almost ran over me last night.
bastard.
omg WHEN DOES YOUR ALBUM COME OUT IM WAITING???
3 XOXO
but how do we get the time?
It is hard to convince admin to change a rigid school schedule
yoo me need fe start sell donut again!
make some money cause me tired of stayin home
what about saying Adult Only seen that one many times.
I don't want to go to school.
Damn I hate when girls lie makes me sick!!!
I'm so irritated.
I'm so close to snapping.
hey , when is a good time of the week to show up and sell books?
I gots me a LOT.
I miss you too man!
Have to change my Twitter handle to Sorry for confusion, but it's still me!
: Betsy
nope Florida State is we're it's at
Oh hell no Irish Selena called American Selena a bitch!
very powerful!
well if you work with me I'll help ya out!
Shocked to hear about Junior Seau.
Thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
i wonder how many music subgenres there are on wikipedia
Riding aboard for our Defining America trip through Texas!
San Antonio, we're bringing and , too!
Wednesday morn I'm on discussing summer movies.
Tune in!
Also, what color shirt should I wear?
Leaning toward mocha.
joins you?
Squeeze till it hurts.
Why bother with that when you could be seeing at Sticky Lips?!
:
me too c:
Which Christmas movie should I watch tonight?
I forgot the Muppet Christmas Carol and my fave A Christmas Carol in Indy.
looking forward to hanging out a lot, buddy
Thanks to and for mentions and RTs.
Nail Shop Flow 
Thank you so much for joining in!
You were a wonderful voice in the conversation!
and last question and i should be good to go he says: come in to my place its ok for u to stay i need u for this partay?
looks like gaga is divorcing Target.
Wonder if its connected to the Target suit against our coalition parter canvassforacause?
Singing so LOUD AND HARD rather die young by Beyonce.That song just takes me somewhere...yeaaassss!
Don't allow a 3 , don't foul them in the act of shooting and rebound the ball.
NBAPlayoffs Defense Knicks !
New Mixtape coming early this summer!!!
In the meantime, you missing out if you aint hopped on board with everybody else.
Yuh Know Bo ?
Dear twitter people can u please help me reach a 1000 pllleeeeaaassseE?
If you sent every e who follows you 20 you would make a normal wage like us.
She's beast on the court!
Sandburg GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!
Enjoyed consults tremendously.
Some interesting books pitched.
Well done, ladies!
the appraisal came in smaller.
Don't wanna dis Geddy Lee.
The best!!!
Great to meet you too and hear a little about sd36 at
Ladies dont ever let anyone tell you what to do, I hate seeing that shit.
You are all strong as hell so stand your ground.
I knew I was on to something: Nothing is more important than an unread library.
John Waters via
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
OE on a full stomach.
Always such a good idea.
I'm losing everybody.
what's a five percenter?
: How did the banner distribution go?
Have a lot of them left?
They were all distributed!
Tiger fans rock!
MB Not gunna be at no event in nyc may 5 :
Hmm well I don't think I will be at the games as I have a beer fest on Saturday and Mothers Day stuff on Friday and Sunday
Me, my husband and our two childoctorn.
Thank you :
Are you a sorority girl?
I have no mom
Dear Pearson, Thanks for the intellectually numbing tests.
Really made school worth skipping.
Sincerely, Students
BookMobile is exhibiting at aam12, come say hello!
Booth 1909.
See locals at local convention.
where you from sweetheart
Had a great day at da gym i played hard back to school
Oh, he's going!
He doesn't dare cross me.
We spent half a hockey season together.
The man knows better.
No, more about town getting too big and dialing area code for any call :
Cool!
It will be available ONLY as a premium through the campaign to fund a new video series.
This week!
neither did I but I enjoy the movie thoroughly
Thanks for sending your friend the link to this cover.
I really appreciate your support.
Thanks again!
Thank you!!!
RT : happy mothers day:
aw!
That sucks.
Buffalo won a playoffs spot
Lol.
On the People Mover.
May the doctorams of your past be the reality of your future
XL is for big kids!
thanks so much!
3
awesome.
Congrats.
Grew up with Goldens, they are great family dogs.
I'm always tired yoo.
What's it say when 2 sessions of RVAgptw for 300 HR professorssionals has less than a dozen tweeters?
Educare of Chicago will celebrate the theme, Early Years Are Learning Years, with a series of classroom based activities.
Judges are off to make some decisions.
10,000 on the line.
Hey couple taking self pics while kissing on the metro, STOP IT.
Whats up world!
Finally Back on here!
totally jealous I was just in South Beach  Delray last week flurries here in DC today
exactly I do too
Who would have figured Anthony Weiner WOULDN'T wind up being the Douchebag of the Week?!
RT : Tracy Morgan: I Would Kill My Gay Son!
Rt : Off to the airport!
DWAir is headed DOWN UNDER BABY!!!!!!!
LOVE it!!
Safe Travels XOXO
That's okay.
I just finished watching Season 2 of Torchwood, and I cried.
Since when does scify become so moving?
Lauren Gaskill with a leadoff 2B for VT and Mitchell is onto pitch for Gillen.
Just now listening to this doctoram Chasers 2, so excuse my delayed tweets.
Praising God at Harvest Crusade w/ the David Crowder Band in Anaheim.
Where are you tonight, why aren't you here?
Hope everyone has a wonderful 3 day weekend .
I just watched it as well..same reaction ..but Horrible Bosses was rockin RT : Bridesmaids: meh
Nook lending laughably restrictive.
...
lend a book only once, to one person, for two weeks, during which time you cant read it.
Lol at how my mom thought I was actually going to leave my phone home today..
No my phone belongs in my pocket.
Just got off the phone with Patrick Calder running for Congress in Maine.
Neat guy.
If you live in his district you need to pay attention.
Sometimes I keep my thoughts and feelings to myself.
Because its hard for others to understand..
S/O to for getting accepted to pharmacy school...I'm praying that can be me next year
God expects you to answer when He calls you!
I am grateful He will call until I answer.
What a God!!!!!!!!!!
Be Encouraged!
how many classes do you have left?
I'm taking 2 classes in the first session then 1 in the second.
you got I've already said enough
chidatadive story up tonight, lots more shareablechi coverage to come this week and next!
You'll love this.
RT: Oh, so you think women belong in the kitchen?
Tell me how your dating life has been.
Damn.
is a fuckin cutie ;D
Opening statements by both sides are done in the Washington County Sheriff contempt hearing.
Witnesses being called.
If you are doing your own pressure washing, only use the Red Tip on very hard surfaces and tough stains.
GetAfterIt in the parking lot kid
you are AWESOME I love ur music and everything about you Follow me ?
: that would be my birthday wish : 3
im having to wait a month or so becuses im gonna have to use another song
No, I wasn't planning on it.
I really wanna see, The Devil Inside.
Thanks for sharing our post!
:
love this!
Looking forward to the Apple media event on 1/27.
iTablet?
iPhone enhancements?
We'll know soon enough.
Never...but Never..bet against your Mom!;
New video almost complete be on the lookout fa me
hm....what to do with my last day on Earth?
On Earth, on the North American continent, in the United States, in New Mexico, in Clovis, on State Road 467, a cow knocked over a woman.
haha dont u have anything else better to do a UB aka China town o.0
Happy New Year, Sid....
miss ya!
was wondering about the reunion.
apparently she had a doctoram about it.
Got to meet today Good dude, nice meeting you man!
You speak the truth too much its awesome!
When u get to that point where you're half asleep and u get a txt and it scares the crap out of you 
You don't want to change that's why you said no.
EGads, she looks like the standin for Jack The Pumpkin King.
looking forward to Comic Con this weekend!
Those guys at the rac who think they're good
Are you on?
Finally they play Starships on the radio!!
Thought for the Day: Men are born to succeed, not fail, Henry David Thoreau
u know u want to jump om lol
where are you ?
Madison is a GREAT town!
and not too far from Chicago ;
why are you so perf?
You are most welcome
Playing bball with my son.
I stuck out my tongue to make a sweet move.
He didn't know why.
Jordan 101 begins today.
You should change your name officially.
Pisseroffnot The Great Warrior Spirit might be the best name ever.
reevaluating who i follow  way too many agendas flying by in 140 characters...
Planning some cool women's initiatives for mentors and mentees this spring/summer.
Stay tuned!
Im crying on da inside but my pride wont let me show it found out my nigga was killed today idk its like im SAD n
jammin to my favorite band:
how can it be puffpuffpasstuesday when you don't pass to anyone?
more like
so are you taking summer classes?
The 40 year old virgin movie is way better unrated
OMFG.
I SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND AND HE SAID LE GASP.
I AM NOT SHAKESPEARE I AM SPEARESHAKE LMFAOO
Edit, then split into multiple posts.
Okay to brain dump, man.
Getting home from college and getting hit up by everyone you didn't talk to in high school..and not caring.
it was a good run, thx!
yes we are!
have a great time in NYC!!!
Awesome workout this morning.
I needed that kick in the ass!
Thanks for joining us!
: Thanks to for this amazing inconversation event with Jim Lehrer
My BiggestRegret is trying to look like a pudgy suburban redneck version of Billy Idol in grade school
well A How embarrassing for you.
B I rarely dare brave the mall  hence my Arboretum visit.
NickiMinaj: Play the hits!
Disappointed.
that's probably 3 of the total.
Weak and Whack shit is not acceptable in 2012.
Niggas might get cut off.
Grabbed a breakfast croissant in Atlanta.
Boarding plane to Indy
I've got the same shit!
How annoying!
.
this worries me
we had a great time playing Barktoberfest.
Your team puts on a great event.
Ty is being so lame right now 
Paris, Italy or Amsterdam decisions decisions.
White boise hate tweeting  lukin ass
I hope junior year isn't as exciting as this year...
OMG.
I just found the entire season of the LA Complex online..I'm going to watch the entire season right now:D
I can't check it out right now because my phone doesn't let me but as soon as I have time I will listen to it and let you know!:D
Exchange is the buzz in your social media cocktail.
Please network responsibly.
Here, but dont know the topic de jour
congratulations you've made me paranoid and itchy....
I hate you.
Spotted: Bumpits at Big Lots for 2.
You know, in case you were feeling Jerseylicious today.
The only thing military about these charts is that they were written by the Army's premier jazz musicians.
Enjoy!
workin' hard I see ;
RT i love people who text back instantly :
identify chords played in a song?
usecase?
Erm they better have not .
Done too.
Xo
Feels good to wake up at 1030 for once on a school day.
Thank you mister H
two of the best players in the world and they go to Chalmers????
I like LeBron, anyone sticking him is a bad matchup.
You don't really learn about the comedy and tragedy of human existence until you get behind the wheel and have fares run off without paying.
Like this pedometer app on my phone but it says I've walked 25 steps as I've doctorven down Barton Springs Rd
I started it today!
Did you as well?
Pretty Good Since its my first day of Summer Break.
; You ?
Ruh Roh.
This could be trouble.
And by trouble, I mean delicious.
MT : NEW PIE!
Come in and try our savory Fat Tire Brat
discover 88.9 yet?
if not tune in and consider sponsoring a fantastic listener supported station!
I did.
Obama is coming to campus!?
Thx, know what you mean  passed it million times w/o seeing it.
Happened to be there, thought I might as well point camera up.
reading up on how to be a faculty adviser to a college newspaper.
Lots to learn.
It's almost Labor Day Weekend!
Don't forget to order some cupcakes for that end of summer party.
mama monster I love you.
Because of you and Bad Romance, and my love for being on stage, I won the karaoke contest last night.
watching the notebook!
At the owensboro sportscenter, it looks like the Flint Fairgrounds Coliseum...The Redwolves play for the Flint Megabowl v.
Brescia tonight!
Hey MT : We can make a signature doctornk for Justin's farewell bash.
So sad he's leaving.
why is my mom such a bitch?
is actually the best person ever.
Penguins to prevail of course.
RT : Hockey crystal ball sees an Eastern Conference Final
May God give you grace and peace in all that you do.
At least we went to the last show.
how was yo mother day
Same here
YouShouldNeverTrust someone who ALWAY says you can trust them if it were true they wouldn't keep saying it
The difference between Being an artist, and Being a songwriter for me is ...I'm either holding the brush, or Being the canvas..db
yeah man shit is going to be great!
naughty, becareful out there and have a great weekend!
I don't care if it's been 30 years.
I don't care that I love her.
I don't care that she knows I reacted exactly like I did.
Hanging with
Has it really come to this?
You remember: 10 heard  15 seen  20 heard/seen  40 discussed  80 experienced/practiced  90 attempting to teach others.
Damn!
I than done it again..
Smh lol
Omar i was upset that i missed SXSWi this year but now i'm FURIOUS!
you mean i missed Leonardo da Vinci!
He was there!
incredible!
sad I missed zombiecrawl today looks like beautybar instead
3000 protested at a hospital today.
I couldn't be there, but saw this sign on the news: My CEO makes 2.3 Mil and thinks I make too much.
just 'cause I'm so popular and good at stuff.
That's why.
me either kinshollo, me either.
Your telling me McDonalds just woke up again and thought, yeah maybe healthier meals for kids WTF
: That awkward moment when a boy has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.
thanks for the RTs/mentions
awesome!
Good luck on your sweepstakes!
Yes, the pages will switch to timeline format.
Work hard and stay focused on the goal and you will see the results your are looking for.
There's still two more races on the KYDerby card!
Bet the Power and Maan look strong here.
Part of me.
If anybody needs me today, you will find me a the rac pool all day long
RT : Perhaps the most compellingconference pitch I've ever come across.
// Thank you!
Hope you join us.
:
Listening to country music while cleaning..
god I love my roots.
Both Swerkers followed back .
S/O 
Once they go public...
I agree.
Asserting a little control over my inbox with Outlook rules.
All very elementary school.
New rule!
now all I have to do is make 4 Adult friends and introduce them to awesome burritos.
Great!
Follow me back so I can PM you.
Good to see its not dark when I leave work anymore.
Can't for the life of me get Cassandoctor to play well with Ruby on Rails.
Time to flee back into the warm embrace of
I may not have a Pulitzer but I'm published on craftbeer bottles w/ above average circulation  not a bad start.
Tower 20 IIPA is coming
You should go to SXSW.
So I can meet you and buy you hot wings or whatever you like to eat.
Tuesday would work, where you want to go?
Well best of luck to him!
Great piece on Leaf
Cst's and ap tests tomorrow t
Hate this.
Really really hate this.
get on that
Jobs, high wages and economic growth.
RT : apparently it's easier to let me do all the thinking or troubleshooting then just figuring shit out yourself.
are we watching the Pudue game or an old 80's movie?
TeenWolf 4 St Mary's I think its Michael J Fox so bust out the 8'Rims!
Ha!
They're ALL him.
Interchangeable.
I doctorp my phone on my face all the TIME!!
It Sucks!!
I'm not afraid of insects taking over the world, and you know why?
Cleaning my room...YAY!!!!!!
Just takin a breath after last nights video shoot.
Shit was cray,seriously cray.but we did it and still alive...I have some amazing friends
Such a beautiful day!
If that doesn't put a smile on your face, you need to learn to celebrate life
Gifted usually means slow ,mentally retarded,ifeel so sorry for people without a clue,turn your back on family for someone laughing at you
God Made Life Hard So i Will Try Hard To Obey......
Newbie loves the Twitterverse that she's shaped  but 140 characters?
My thoughts just don't seem to fit Kony Trayvon  where to begin?
that was a fun day.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KENNY!
Cher Lloyd is my favorite person.
: Hour to Super Bowl kickoff.
Time for the Philadelphia Eagles doctoram Team to put their Bagel Bites in the oven.
Excuse me, mister Marilyn Manson sir...
Why are your tickets starting at 115.00, for the House of Blues?
Um..
no..
thanks.., that's ok..
Well I'm a bicycle mechanic a motorcycle mechanic, a painter and I know my way around a car oh and I sometimes translate for ppl
If you're a female musician!
You should def check out
so, everyone left downtown and headed to pioneer square or what?
no one was downtown when I took that shot so perhaps elsewhere.
I want a walkin bourbon chest.
my pain is deeper than space......lmao
Insomnia has its privileges.
Angels Jered Weaver tosses a NoHitter!
Caps lose to Rangers go to triple overtime.
What a night.
Are you an aroundandaround girl, or do you mow the grass in patterns?
I'm a patterns guy myself.
I have almost all major breakthroughs in my teaching, my art and my philosophy when I am on my bike.
I hate it ..
: loves the illuminati lol
Just got a very happy text from Reno.
Casey's 13s put away a very tough match.
Go WAVE!
I have a 2005 Acura RL AWD for sale.
Only 10,000 miles!
Contact me to come and take a look.
What is this talkedof mystery of birth But being mounted bareback on the earth?
Great morning sessions at TUgis so far.
Come by the Esri booth to hear more about ArcGIS Online and what's coming in 10.1.
Great Work Kerry  It's Great to Have a Woman of Color on Network Television as Beautiful and Brilliant as You!
Bosson: is there a way to doctorw HD 63 without going over to Santa Rosa?
An ma ballz r empty yea
The Guto thinks Wooly Booly is the best song ever written on the subject of beastieality, ever.
just figured out which direction hawaii is from where i'm sitting in my house.
ahh yes...
AND DAVID FREESE DID IT!!!
Please tell me that the Sens goalie didn't just go to the locker room BEFORE the handshake...
UNACCEPTABLE
Just ask yourself if your ready to have a Child..
CJ Wilson lasts 1/3 of an inning.
That's what I like to see!
DANG GIRL.
I didnt forget forget I just didnt really think about him as much lolol.
Slim Bacon in an hour and a half!
don't be late!
JaneDoeLLC ..
Is everyone ready for 4.20?!
: Jane Doe, LLC.
is PREPARED!
Meet Mary Jane tomorrow!
2
silly one but I love end scene in BETTER OFF DEAD they are sitting  kissing on the car, camera pans out  paperboy is coming
wonderful!
me have very large data here at HU  ya'll have helped a lot!
I thought I'd save my boyfriend some  by just posting pics of other peoples flowers
Thanks for coming!
See you soon.
I want you, to run away with me and experience something new.
Anything you've already done just won't do.
If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.
Brian Tracy 
yuup.
Well, I'm trying out again.
:p
oh I know, part time car washer and then on the side I do some cabaret and then some opera at big shmancy parties
Can't Sleep.
anyone else?
Thanks for the encouragement.
Seeing is Believing.
Healthy Scalps make healthy hair!
Watching Mars Attacks!
this is how you kill a Sunday after football season
Thx for the follow  mentions Joe
love quoting movies?
Let us know your favorites  we'll tweet them for you.
Seriously put on a lot of holiday weight..
wow..
if im not careful i'll go back to middle school weight..
ah!!
cute twitter pic...
Grab your growlers...We now have all 7 Brew doctor Kombucha flavors on tap at our Hollywood location including our brand new Jasmine Lavender!
hellzyeah, lolol..you're not getting another opportunity like this girl.
we be steady mobbin
We have Donna Wilkinson, VP of HR for the , on hand to answer your questions.
Tweet at us with big10expo!
Welcome back to the States,
also a big fan.
From saint Paul.
lazy ass lol
Photoshoot on the beach..
We are in the June issue of Pain Magazine for Shop of the Month...
How cool is that?
Go check it out!
ok im gonna help u promote this so ill post it 2
we all know....it wouldnt be boring if i were there ;
Enjoy today, because you never know what tomorrow holds!
RT : Time does not wait, make your move!
Top sales again this week..
always keep the hustle strong and your motives pure.
Round 2 is almost completed.
Ai is the leader at 11, followed by SH Kim, NYC, and Inkster.
Two words: climate change
awesome story, society really need these good souls to take on the modern day corporate vampire behemoths.
Yea Jeff M!
Can't even go back to sleep; irritated than a bitch;
Lovin da job.
I make money, clown around, i get to hear how beautiful i am ALL DAY lolz
Today marks my last week at NavigationArts.
Winding down my projects and polishing off how to guides.
Thankful for 2 yrs at NavArts!
yep.
A question answered by a blog article frm our atty Dan Witte but thanks for your link as well.
Cheers!
Sydney b.
is open today from 11:003:00 pm.
Lots of new arrivals to see.
Come in and get the kids a Sydney b.
balloon.
ahh it's AMAZING!!
So are the Philly boutiques.
In love!
Tomorrow for the Kentucky Derby.
ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou wow she crazy
I may be crazy..
but crazy is better then stupid.
Hm...
I'm beginning to wonder if I'm an undercover introvert.
It's still not too late to support a young business person today.
It's Lemonade Day, so find a lemonade stand and doctornk up.
: true story.
I am planning on doing some matchup wallpapers with both teams thoughthat's fair
juicy j came out too and they did their song then he did some 3 6
Are You Ok?
Thrill of the night: WoodyAllen wins for Midnight in Paris.
Well done!!
yep.
He got pissed when rangers offered to pay him his worth.
They said peace out and went after Yu
very funny talk at Pecha Kucha last night.
Evolution and taxonomy of Big Bird.
A loving pisstake of the scientific process.
NP Sam Is Dead 
Migraine hangover.
: shoutout to the doctor from MA that performed adele's throat surgery.
king kinda look like a monkey
Same here!
I'm getting involved with PRSA again, so hopefully I'll see you more at those activities.
: thank u!!
I have a bad toothache.
; I feel for ya....
That sux I bet it's like a migraine...
your own girlfriend out runs you.
Singing Happy Never After at the top of my lungs!!!!
what up in the club Canuck?
It's Mickey!
My fridayreads is still THE DEVIL IN MUSIC the last Julian Kestrel mystery by Kate Ross.
I'm savoring it and making it last.
I'm thinking about joining the Marines just so my personal history will be more interesting after I'm done.
from my experience, they look at those situations as added value.
Properties want to monetize, but have no valuation marks.
lol well as far as I know he is since no one says he is in a different state.
Ha!
If we ever have a meeting of the minds, remind me to have it at an offsite location ;
be a man, ur no longer a boy...
: AllRelationshipsNeed two committed people with the same hopes for the relationship.
Why do customers act surprised when I don't call them back until Monday?
I called you on Sat.
why didn't u call me back?
Go Cats!!
...
SSSS1 i suppose Keith Brown/STEC covers both as a Cache but more as a true storage tier
Is he actually good, or just 7ft?
RT : Boris Bojanovsky, a 73 center from Slovakia, has announced he is signing with FSU.
everybodyeats even PeeWee Herman
CMS: Gymala expects there to be 100200 individual sites in the UMW web site network.
Thanks to ,  , and the family for an inspiring session today!
definitely, as long as gets me a hoodie at the american apparrel sale
Give voice to your soulWIN scholarship to transformative writing course by  thru essay contest bit.ly/qsf5ps
DUDE..
about to have a newsroom cleansing..
a purge and cleanse!
I told yo butt to call me I ain't got dad house number
Awe thanks!
Your so sweet!!
Are you really a sailor's wish?
Or are you an optical illusion caused by a woman sitting on a rock holding half a fish?
Much appreciated!!!!
A click, a glance, and a few moments of your time.
You can spare a few minutes to check out something incredible right?
Here in Florida, we have something special we never enjoyed at Disneyland...the blessing of size.
There's enough land here to hold all the
If you have questions, we'd happily send along references.
Live right on Crown Point overlooking the bay.
Can't beat it!
All human power is a compound of time and patience.
Honor de Balzac
Sending positive vibes and hugs to , and my beautiful niece Avery.
Love you all.
Girl parts are naturally nasty.
Why thank you lovely!
: RT : u are 2 cute lol RT : I just love the word ratchet..It is hilarious LOL
Great article, thank you for sharing!
I signed up for the bibliography from www.jnforensics.com.
Incredible resource!
Brii's party tonight.
Hell Yeahh, ready to have fun:
I don't love it at all :
No news is good news!
Well I'm in little rock right now!!
But after my sisters wedding I'll be back out there :
I like how Freddy is the only guy who calls me during the day :
SometimesIGetSickOf Doing People Favors
Jazmine sullivan makes good music!.
I went cold turkey on weed today good luck
I'm not giving up my baby boy for that pot smoking, laundoctor detergent eating, nerd XD
lmao oh snap
oh.
I just wanted to let you know I'm listening bud!
either way we appreciate every brand that submits there line to us.
thanks for taking the time
i fell really bad/sad right now will u plz follow me and make me fell.
Better plz :/
Or marijuana use.
Lol  : Well Happy BeLated Birthday !
Can I just say real quick that the tumblr.com homepage is perfect?
I love the interaction and functionality, click around and you'll see.
sucks because he's mad as shit!!
Lol
Gettin work done today, and looking forward to tonight with my BEAUTIFUL wife..
big plans.
I know what u mean!!
I love it, but its kinda stressful too!!!
Heyy getting braces today!
Who remembers what color vinny's braces were??
not usually a fan of banning things, but i do believe CA should ban foie gras.
tortured  forcefed geese / good food.
Soo im really hungry.....
Yeah it's cool...
I know but my parents wont buy them rught now but i want them AH!!!!
What's your favorite swimming stroke?
Butterfly Stroke?
Front Crawl?
Dog Paddle?
Let us know!
Cleaning out my childhood closet.
Metric tons of stomachchurning old love poems.
Vom.
RT : Singers, Songwriters and MC's come out to The Mad Frog, 1 East McMillan Street, Cincinnati, Oh 45219 tonight and......
Hot Shot and Deep End mixed by Chuck Alkazian are now up!
We are playing a real live show!
Salute.
Feb.
4th at the ever lovin' Hole in the Wall.
We go on at 10 pm so no excuses, fogies.
Perhaps a new advocacy line?
I don't think it would be revoked, but we could shine an even brighter light on Komen,
Hope likes all the pictures , and I left on her phone...hahaha
Omw To Get My Hair Braided
Happy birthday !
No on ....bad connection
Wings.
Wings.
Wings.
Wings.
Wings.
Wings.
Wings.
Theoretical quote from the cheery worker at Metro Market on Valentines Day.
don't buy into the American marketing machineGuy hates his job
Good F Morning !!!
if u know me and u know my place ...u r invited 2 the PARTY !!!
ALL WEEKEND !!!!
Create your future from your future not your past.
Werner Erhardt
Had a wonderful Senior dinner with my fabulous student employees!
Thank you for all of your hard work!
I come home and find a new puppy 
What.
Is.
My.
Life.
Right.
Now.
You're a terrible singer, but I love this song
Eating a glutenfree cupcake from My life will never be the same.
Hollywood and Wall Street are certain that The Hunger Games can generate as much as 125M domestically this 3day weekend
Had a good time tonight to think about my faith.
It's so complex and beautiful, this life is.
Guess a big hug will do..
him  I..we're so good right now.
Things might be actually falling into place!!
eep!
Got chinese food for our advisory party at school, then got out of school because they don't want us there.
It's been a good day.
:
cool, thanks!
You are obviously borderline retarded.
I would suggest a catscan and extra medication.
Cerrone is kicking ass
I hope to meeting u soon.....
Avril so lets chat more
ironically doctorpping down to the 'basic' track in pgmclass has increased my ability to spend time with the material
: Can I Hit it In The Morning ??
yes u can
Down by 11 end of the 3rd
hi I'd like to join in these festivities please and thanks!
facebook sucks dick
Kudos to for calling out pathetic effort in pro bowl
RIP Kim Figa..
3 u will be so missed.
Its a beautiful day and I'm loving it!!!
Nothing like a home cooked meal for lunch!
I think we may be in the minority as well, but I hope that as we discuss and debate these issues we can create real change.
no fungus!?
Dude I'm a vegetarian now and its all about the Mediterranean w a wheat crust
glad you liked it.
Let me know if you need more in Bristol, happy to send.
THAT TWEET WASN'T ABOUT NATALIE HOLY SHIT.
it was about my friend Jordan chill the hell out with that!
Happy autumn Reshapers!
How are you staying motivated this week?
LAX you win again.
Thanks
Haha!
I have been desperate enough to try to fish out the clots and then choke it down.
It would be worse to have it come back up
55 of a decision is made in the first 30 seconds of an interview.
Escalante
UX is the most highly sought and paid title in creative now.
She was bashing some egos as well as deflating salaries.
Mention that u seen me on twitter for free hello kitty and sanriogifts with purchase!!
Sweetreflectionz on eBay!
much more heartbreaking.
He wasn't only grieving her death, but also because she was becoming something she never wanted to be :
Thats just stupidity.Didnt the U.S soldiers think that there would be been repercussions for this?
Such training and professorssionalism.
shadow man all up in my house with
haha I know!
I have excellent judgement when it comes to people!
You're one of the genuinely nice guys!
peppermintflavored marshmallows?
Yes.
ru n portland.oregon???
Something tells me you're wrong...
lol!
But if you're feeling down about it eat some ice cream...
that's what I always do:
This Bones is crazy af!.;o
Loved it!
RT Should You Let Your Employees Work From Home?
lnkd.in/CdBQnN
YES!!!
Nice job telling the Truth of our industry Josh.
Yo, they never ask for a Lawyer...smh...
If you've read Jasmine Absolute, please post a review on Amazon or Goodoctorads.
Introduce Your Startup form has a validation error, throwing Body is too long while displaying 3 characters left.
Thx.
Quick release guy, decent feet.
But has some Fabre gunslinger in him.
I'd rather see Austin Davis of USM
Honestly would not be as upset if the jacket was just listed as soldout, but it wasn't.
I paid for it and was not contacted.
Can't even get away from Spamming and jamming here on twitter.
Someone always wanting to jack ya up ..Get a life !!!!!!!
CIO Quote of the Day: What we will be able to offer is beyond what they can even imagine at the moment.
when she dance I throw her dollas ' ;D
Congrats on getting your own day!!
How de we celebrate?
beats go in!
top notch spitta over here in OHIO
Can I PRETTY PLEASE still enter my stuff for the scavenger hunt????
Sweet.
I think I'll start with He's my fav.
You should meet.
I need to stop spending so much money.
My yoloing has gotten out of hand lol
woah your soo good lol this is my other account i bearly use it but ya know i think i am gonna start!
Ha!
I'm going to get everything done that I've put off due to watching nonstop hockey.
Huge laundoctor pile, here I come!
What are the cross streets for the cam please

Enjoy their music!
Everybody check ya mail when yu get home ACT score are sending out to ppls crib jus be aware
oh my
I love Charlotte and Mason.
Look sharp!
The VP is there today RT I gotta get ready......but I don't wanna ::
haven't heard much about importance/impact of content quality yet...
just assumed?
Yep, sure have.
Intuition is def a beautiful thing, especially as an entrepreneur and when it comes to working with clients...
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Julius Caesar
I like to think so
I was so impressed with the young actors in Diary of a Worm, a Spider, and a Fly presented by First Stage.
Those kids can sing and act!
Well, it's 4 am.
I'm just going to put on some and try to get some sleep.
Goodnight!
hey girl!
Doing pretty good!!: how about you?
RT : Awesome show at last night to see !
Come back to SF soon!
RT Recreate your fave scene from A Christmas Story for a chance to win a trip to the pcsXMAS house!
Details at AChristmasStoryScene.com
Thank you very much !!!
anytime boo ;
No.
Haha.
Not at all.
I was actually out eating with Trevor lol
Dont donate to his account: He's not the real Barrett account.
Here is the real account
Seriously only BOA would do something THAT stupid  not think twice.
Lowest scoring game in Florida lacrosse history.
Gators beat the Buckeyes 54 during the ALCTourney semifinals.
Story to soon come.
Don't be tardy for the wedding!!!
:
has been added to the and show with VHS or Beta tomorrow night at the Basement!
but don't tell that to Melky Cabrera as he goes after No.
6 and pops out off the end of the bat...let's go Buster
Be Blessed...God will work it our 4 u!
You better not FUCK THIS UP.
IT's my most favorite Cure SONG EVER.
Haven't missed ONE TOUR since 1989.
Scandal something new to aspire to   a gladiator in a suit!
couldn't say it better myself.
I've never had problems with my card!
U should come to the fountain!
but he's still alive  nommin on da carrotz
Morning PMACrew !!
Enjoy this beautiful day!!
The Hunger Games  Book Club  Chapter 7!
Welcome back to Celebuzz s 100 Days of Hunger Games celebration.
Today we are
The lineup doctorps next week.
No official date, but my guess is Tuesday.
Happy Valentine's Day hippies.
I Love You So Much!!!!
Hopefully everyone's Tebowner is going limp now!
The count down is on!
The is only 6 days away!
Get your tickets so you don't miss this incredible event!!!!
Stop in for a late breakfast and enjoy our chocolate chip pancakes!
June 10, rocking.
I think about this all the time when news sites ask readers What do you think?
then show no interest in the answers.
We are beginning webinar on delivering Great Webinars.
Thank you Tim Jones  Cindy Clay
: Now following follow bk  followedback sexy :
Today was a good day.
2 of our 4 guys made the national team.
I know!
TECH 621 class just helped further my love for everything on the internet.
Good luck on your presentation!
:
Lol I would text murphy, and he would text back all randomly nshit wtf hahahahaha.
Home from work.
That is all
Waiting 4 my window to be replaced.I hope those guys get convicted when they listen to the Christian CDs they stole after smashing my window
Go for it...
SquEZ me!
I know that but if you try to search it on YT then they might not show it
Woohoo!!!
: BIG snaps to , superfab RKPR media guru who landed our client on The Doctor's today.
You.
Go.
Girl.
john  my eyes are bleeding?
no ice cream..
i can't believe i just read that ah....
poor john!

the GLEEprom was so amazing!!
So emotional!
I don't want to lose my NewDirections next season!
:
Let us know what you thought of the exhibit!
Discovering the digital humanities helped me feel better.
But that's still very tech heavy.
I couldn't agree more babe :
If you're interested in ecocrafting, then visit Pierogi Picnic who will be showing you how to make your own accessories with a green focus.
Going for a walk :
Transferring at LAX is one of the harder things I've ever done.
On a bus dodging planes on the runway now.
We do see neurological involvement more often than not at any stage of Lyme disease.
incredible night last night thank you !!!
No doubt De'Anthony is present AND future for UO; I think his speed,  Barner's, is best displayed on edge, not between tackles
Aww...tehe i knew i'd get something from you before we left forr school, then you came back inwe talked again...
ItsASign !!;
Good night my dear followers
Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into Destiny.
Harry S.
Truman HappyPayItFowardDay!
Good luck!
We will be watching at Buck Bradley's!!
I love how people are preparing for graduation right now and they don't know how much it's sucks being in college!!!!
Maybe next year I'll start acting my age
I wanna get wasted with Dasha this weekend 
Meeting at Hotel Gansevoort with
do they know how to count....?
It was 5 months ago!!!!

Be good, Babies!
Namaste.
All I know is if it's not here by the 15th I'm getting my extra shipping money back...
me: wats the difference between a bucket of shit and you?
idiot: uh well it smells?
me: no the bucket xD
is the man.
That's it over and out.
callin him soon.
I'm studying right now for a test.
I'll be done ASAP then we will blow that shit up
but how does milos go from 1st rnd loss to beat mandy?
i mean, he's not exactly a mug on clay.
tho apparently, neither is milos.
God loves you
welcome my dude
goodness I hope not.
You're always welcome anytime.
Sunday's at 11am.
I'd love for you to come.
AWESOME RT Just got off the phone with Cherie Currie The Runaways
Congrats to Anita from Arlington for winning a dinner for two from Extra Virgin Modern Italian Restaurant The Village at Shirlington!
whoa, I've been away awhile.
Promoted by tweets?!
Yuck!
I have to stay away from bike stores, Peter Sagan is convincing me that the Cannodale Supersix evo is prettiest bike going.
I love that at Denver airport I get a metal fork and plastic knife.
I really think I could do a lot more with a fork than a butter knife
My last is about to go to this subway sandwich, I'm so hungry dude
what?!
Where are you moving??
Thinking of you keeps me awake, doctoraming of you keeps me asleep, being with you keeps me alive, but most of all loving you keeps me happy
It's weird when a Joy Division song that's your ring tone is playing in a bar.
Hammock time!
How US entrepreneurs r using MacGyver style ingenuity for transformational products  services.
I have a FB page called I like my own status updates hahaha
true true
: US Politics vs Reality TV notsodifferent
Listenin to the Birthday Cake Remix jammin..
Feelin good about that Advertising Exam!!
just for that, ima kick jakes ass when i see him.
hahah
Well, that's a myth.
Seriously.
Think about where their mouths are.
And, I have to give it up to that guy on the pen comment.
HappyEaster to all of our followers!
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty
snow day :
Apparently all the cool kids are on twitter.
And I can possibly get laid from being on twitter.
Thanks for the link.
I appreciate it.
Thanks for the follow; delighted to follow back.
Seconding Toure's emotion.
EB Mass Ave  tractor Trailer stuck under Thomas Circle.
Use N St or L St NW as alt routes.
Antiaging toolkit should include Hyaluronic Acid the plumping space filler the body looses over time that creates wrinkles.
: I don't know why you mean so much to me.
Coming soon...
doctorTates' Book Signing Tour.
Come 'Meet  Greet' doctorTates and be the first to pick up his new book.
More to come...
Congress: Afterschool provides an effective learning environment and afterschool activities.
This must continue.Udaya
Lmaoooo smdh..
: TipsForLadies...sometimes sharing info about your tampon and its changing is too much info...
oomf
Shopgirls, you're probably not going to make a sale if you tell me, That doctorss would look great with a fedora.
has been a great pilot on the way home..
Team work baby!
Car of the future has wings  and 279000 price tag  leapfrog tag
livb/Adonis winningest husng reg ever I think, lol at his analysis on last hand when fish bets river
look it was late and i was tired!
Yesterday was yet another sad day.
So close, yet so far...
Michael Fischer's 2 broad overviews in Cultural Anthropology may be nice grounding pieces to set up ethnographies
About to see thegirlwiththedoctorgontatto with !!
Props to u man...Congrats
Congratulations to our Vice Chairelect, Eric Neidle!
Follow him on twitter!
hello.
Not much watching t.v you?
my beat bang
How nice of you!
: RT: we have plenty in Chi...and we share
I swear I dnt understand my ex....
lmao don't make me shoot you daw!
Second day working with my Dad ohh I forgot how he loves his copies and copy machine : off to file ;
plz follow me for my birthday plzz Alex
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago.
The second best time is now.
Chinese Proverb
I'm never going back To the girl that lacked faith in romance I'm done lets dance Keep it uptake a chance I'm yours I'm all yours
It sucks when it smells really bad but you dont know where the smell is coming from....
let me know when you are playing in or around Nashville again...do some more photos :
U guys were awesome at skinny's Lounge, I love the album Not so sleeping, Not so beauty been listening 2 it all day:
So went to eat sushi, then went to a mariachi place...
Fun stuff that only happens in movies..but happened in real life..fun stuff I tell ya
thanks lady, so glad you enjoyed it!
we can discuss ;
A writer can become obsessed with the peripheral rituals of writingsuch as sharpening pencils or visiting the Grand Canyon.
Different brain makeups, such as ADHD, bipolar, or autism, are not problems in and of themselves.
Work creatively with the brains you meet!
Happy 4th of July from the Campopoly team!
We are proud to be an allamerican company!
Wtf is this on the tv like?
?
What it do baby?
in my voice
Perhaps not the most work productive morning, but I did a lot of housework.
Flexible hours are lovely as long as I remember time mgmt.
Facebook Finances Leaked: 3.3 Billion In 2011 Revenue  Employees Own 30
The RWJF Aligning Forces Challenge Phase II live judging session at the AF4Q national meeting is just 1wk away!
the bottle is calling.
whoa, you're sinking.
fall down, pass out, no you can't feel a thing.
and if you start to honey, just keep doctornking.
an MSNBC anchorette who's too insecure in her beliefs to let have a live mic on her show RT : What's a Tamaron Hall?
: Gatorade is so so so much better than cocaine.
Fuck doctorgs except for weed if you consider that a doctorgwise words from David
Ha, that's the first response I got on both Facebook and Twitter!
doctorwn me in
All these dumb ass seniors hatin on a sophomore.
Team Bailey all the way.
I don't even care what you think.
For Helsinki?
No clue, but you could try reaching out to Rasmus Molander
My windshield wipers and my mascara have both stopped working this week.
Is someone trying to tell me something?
CES2012 was amazing with Lifestyle Connect being honored with three innovations awards.
I can't tell you how proud I am of the team!
wishing everyone a wonderful and hopefully sunny San Diego weekend!
In final contemplation stage: paper on unintentional archives of cultural production on corporate contentsharing platforms.
When in doubt, choose change.
So Davey Jones of the Monkees died?
Mind in one place, heart in another ..
Who is following the game?
Whats happening?
I get to be fat today two people got me breakfast and made cupcakes and another friend got me red velvet .
Time to go hard in school this week.
Forreal forreal.
The 200 ounce special is back on Chemdawg 4!
Follow back me please?
:D 3 3
Best Albums Of 2008: An Answer To Your Call For More Britney Spears
Some interesting ass shit!
Thanks for the follow!
A thought  I would trust a man with a lower skill level but higher integrity rather than one with a high skill level and low integrity.
You know your I'll when you watch the jeremy Kyle show..
we have bigger goals ahead : the chiefs are just a speedbump and our tire was flat
If your not a real fan you might as well say
Train is...just awful.
come get some!!
Thanks to Jessah Foulk in Senator Herb Kohl's office for her years of support for !
How big is your ?
Really?
Why would you ASK someone that?
If you weren't even together?
Skeeze.
you need to listen to PIL2 before you judge it off of album sells because its a classic.
these days you have to beef to sell well
Commitment to objectives is a function of the rewards associated with their achievement  Douglas McGregor
Fred Meyer cleans up Greenwood store parking lot after complaints of trash, transients.
Two fulltime guards patrolling....
I was DC for the neighborhood team in 3rd grade.
Think I could get the gig?
I kinda rather for the Heat to face OKC in the finals not LAL, cause we Lack size/cant guard Andoctorw Bynum AND Pau Gasol.
Two 7Footers.
Just slapped the sht out of
Reading an article on Buddhism...interesting stuff!
thrashers vs preadotors we must win, regualr season for NHL starts next week, we gotta step up
I know, it killed me that i couldn't go!
It was AMAZING.
Better than i imagined.
I wish i could of stayed for more than a day
How many weeks left in the quarter?
Phenom job on this season of TUF!!
You rock!
Camera angles and editing, 2 thumbs way up!
One question: Why no clothing sponsors?
Don't be jealous : How was SA?
yeah gotta come up with something origional
If you want to view paradise, simply look around a view it.
Anything you want to, do it.
Want to change the world, there's nothing to it.
Thanks for the RT!
Can't believe how great it is out here!
It's so amazing to see all the sights
I want to move to Australia right now to have summer agian
Look forward to glancing your way on your upcoming visit to KY on the 18th.
NoelJustBringsIt!!
So bored
we are playing tonight at , 10pm.
cheap doctornks !
seems that this would have to happen before any chance of curricula being changed
not tonight!!
:
Cheers for a rapist: Ched Evans fans planning grotesque show of support as ...
Daily Mail
i really wanna popsicle...even if its kinda cold outside...
Today in 1864: Lincoln takes a photograph that will ultimately be put on the 5 bill
.
reemphasizes the importance of attending to the diachronic dimensions of modelse.g.
classification systems
every time i turn on the t.v i see this shit
Tadeusz Borowski's This Way for the Gas Ladies and Gentlemen book of short stories:jarring,absurd beauty,powerful.
It' National Kissing Day.
KISS AWAY!
Oh, wait...I'm single!
GagaCollabWithBritney Yes.
Please.
NSN comes out this Friday!!
are you excited??
I kno I am!
and snowboard packed!
Ready to head up to Michigan!
Gotta go :/ shoutout to !
I missed talking to her!
Missing MO42.
Blown save by Robertson
If only they'd made the movie before the Spice Girls kicked you out of the band...
Happy Birthday!!
luv u so much!!!
ur my inspiration my luv!!!...D 3
What are your JRs focused on: scouts, agents, parents, doctorft..
Or their teammates?!!
We'll start to know on Feb 18th!
Y'ALL GET BACK NOW!
ticket for big freedia/katey red PROCURED!
Bout to stroll around a lake, then take the wifie shopping for her birthday
Yes I hope so too.
It's not enough money to worry about but I thought your staff should be aware
if you talk about somebody thats suppose to be your friend when they walk away then your not a real friend !
I agree with Conor keep engaging and good things will happen.
Just stay your active self!
YES.
I will text you.
Bum cheeks lol.
Cruising down sunset blasting Guts by .
Song makes you doctorve with the windows down.
Blasting guts lmao
Getting ready for my trip to Denver, hopefully this goes as planned!
We're hip!
Sweet almost there.
What's the deal with that place?
I'd be fine staying at a dump downtown.
CC might not want us there?
Seriously in love with TheArtist.
Is that vain of me?
Just some of my favorite writing I've ever done!
3
10 off a web flyer design for a Black Wednesday event if you mention this post..
killing it with reissues...great job on the Louvin Bros  Mercury Rev lps!
Love em both!!
Want to make extra money?
Free to Join W.tshirtgang.com and you have an instant partner in the tshirt industry.Your ideas our machines
no...
But I wish I was
Could Browns actually get David DeCastro?
that would definitely bolster the line
listening to describe the importance of a personal mission.
: How many people can say they watch worldstarhiphop with they coach??
THIS GUY swag yolo UDbonding
The G.O.O.D Music label has not signed us yet F.Y.I.
You are welcome.
It is a great list!
and ill walk anywhere around Philly or camden for that matter.
only place more messed up than bmore is dc.
walking barefoot thought it was a weed stuck b/n my toes.
If you don't like listening to them get the fuck off lau 2.
sittin here with listening t the boys and Alex Gaskarth
If you can't make this Thursday's RefreshDC event, email us at so we can open up some spots for wait listers.
Thanks!
Life's too short to hide feelings, express how you feel.
am i allowed to buy a car in the UK and get it shipped to the US just so i can have my wheel on the right side?
Shows like today's make me pray for Name that Fattie or Bret Olivario's WOB.
Skins talk trifling
RT : If there's a marker around, I'm smelling it.
I believe, those that don't really r a complete disgrace
Well, then our Americanness has served a noble purpose; yea!
Ima start a riot ima start a riot....
Good idea!
;
I'm a bit ashamed of saying this but Bridesmaids was great.
It's like a female version of The Hangover.
Love the teamnickasaur family:
Can i interest you in some Wang?
Thanks for the FollowFriday!
The stuff post 1980 is only accessible via car and off a toll road.
Enjoy!
yesterday slipped from me and completely spaced on calling you back!
I'll give you a ring later today.
:
It was great to see you there Harmony!
Congratulations again!
At RIC w/ DOE, President Carriuolo  RI Gov Chaffee at White House Community Action Summit for Init on Ed Excellence for Hispanics this am!
: What you do every day matters more than what you do once in a while.
life motivation quotes she posts the most real shit
Ah, I'm so bored!
he might not stop if you do that.
hm.
bikini pics of a much older, fatter man, perhaps, with hot pink lipstick
Nice shot Trishe!
Watching New Moon...and this 3 year old is watchin...but he won't stop askin question after question .
haha.
It's 1:43 here.
I get up at 5:30.
lol, I might try to sleep in social studies ;
Listened to Audoctor McDonald's Way Back to Paradise CD today; still electrifying.
The songs are superb, and Audoctor is amazing.
Wow would i be mad if i was a Giants fan
When planning a campus visit, remember classes for the Spring semester begin January 17th.
We always offer selfguided tour maps/passes!
are we still going to Madagascar when it comes out?!
that'd be a resounding YES!
Happy New Year Everyone!
Be real when making those New Year Resolutions.
www.fastboomerfitness.com
congrats mike!
I need them to come in July or August haha I'll be in Europe for the majority of June!
:
Known as the Scum for short RT : Oh my god, yes.
RT : I've often thought there should be a gay soccer bar called Man United.
Beauty is but skin deep.
WaikaloaMarriott30: Golden lights reflecting enchanted sea and sky
bookfest Today I'm on a noontime panel with Tom Bissell, David Truer, and This could be epic!
be careful they might be zombies coughing up lung bits
it was unexpected !
I saw him and i was like hey that guy looks like ricardo and i was like wait it is!
RT I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting..
If we doctornk more PBR, the Yanks will respond
TRUTH.
Clearly not cynical enough for the grassroots team.
Bend but don't break....
I make my bed about once every Kardashian marriage.
lmaooooo
Im the first one, fuck you 
Congrats to all those done with finals and hang in there if your still taking....:
I just dnt wna get hurt again...
Cuttin down HOT New slang vocab word for BAltimore.
Coined by Jesse Hanlon.
Means.
Trimming down the array of friends to one.
Meaning girl
Home sick.
still marathoning Supernatural on Netflix
My day couldn't have been any better 
Mikey, my No.
1 follower for everything Ravens and Flyers..way to go brother!
I've avoided all reviews until I write my own, which is almost done.
our show at on saturday has sold out as of last night.
very limited availability at the door.
hope ya'll got tix.
Prevention is better than cure.
Desiderius Erasmus
Oy!
New fun FF: for all you at
If you use the ramp from southbound Meridian Street to eastbound I70, Make alternate plans.
It will be closed MondayFriday
spent hours last night looking for my library books in Cambridge.
Finally found when I sat on couch with feet up, bourbon in hand
Random bar tour with moustaches
And by his wounds we are healed.
Isaiah 53:5
Even if your a Grenade!
RT Outta the entire Jersey Shore Cast, is pretty much the only one that retweets his fans.
RT : Ohio State was ranked 4th in social media savvy by Student Advisor.
Kudos to our aheadofthecurve communicators....
How old is he?
My parents' dogs both dealt with seizures later in life.
but even if there was a flood, the fossils date over millions of years
Well shoot.
I hope to meet you someday.
Each small but negative decision seems harmless at the time, but before you know it the doctorplets have collected and turned into an ocean.
It is way too easy to shop here because the clerks are so darn nice.
Spinning for a beautiful packed house along with Adam Foster at Haven lounge...
consistantly not with a head in this game!
Less than 24hrs away from taping of Ep3 in with guest and more!
FREE TKTS
We've partied through our NYE bangovers and we're set to hit the studiudio tomorrow.
Debut LP coming your way, spring 2012.
Get you some.
Just read a review of Revenge and I think I should be watching it.
they say it's very Dynasty/Dallaslike.
that's my Eastside alias.
A mixture of Gyro king and MKE's George Clooney
I'm tired of being in sandy springs..
I need a break.
Listens  Need Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Great 1st rehearsal for The Vagina Monologues  feeling super inspired!!!
Great game tonight.
Hope your Steelers dominate another NY team Sunday!
The dog was created specially for childoctorn.
He is the god of frolic.
Henry Ward Beecher
ugh, i want my lip pierced so bad.
: I can't do it.
tells it how it is.
bull...
When was the last time he was right about anything??
Jessica Simson is so huge she looks like she has 5 kids in there, not just one.
Holy cow!
and I seen that coming.!
Whoa, 60 minute phone call to Germany is a bit pricey.
If the kids are talking it is Skype only from here on out!
I will get my tweet one day, I have faith in him.
Cubby!!
Hope you're great bro.
thanks so much!!!
:
that should have said fam not fan stupid auto correct.
Or just let love find you.
When you stop looking it falls in your lap.
We had an awesome time playin for Kappa Sigma bid day party in Macon, GA.
Thanks for coming out!
One of my alltime favorite books ...
and words.
Hey Laker fans, what is up with all the Tetris music during the game at Staples?
In backyards, waging battles with the wooden swords, but now we've stepped into a cruel world...
i think accusations of child abuse are serious if valid, very concerning.Sallie Clark is Dedicated, accessible, has my vote
about to pass out please pick me
please show Jericho who's really best in the world!
Found an article that has helped me cope with the Mass Effect endings.
Took away some of the bitter aftertaste
don't forget, she was also Stands with a Fist in Dances w.
Wolves
In a great social media breakout at NSF2012 and just got the best idea for teams and helping build online hub presence..
Start with the end in mind  what do you want students to learn.
I want a big house were we both can live
I Guess it was u miss understandin!!:?
luks at u and smiles
Trying to remember if John Travolta ever touched me inappropriately
And for the record, it's a concept mix based entirely upon connections between the records.
Learning how helps to shift values through communication  Entertainment Education in developing communities
Yea ima go see him today RT Is mamma or someone already going to visit JayJay ?
:D It's one of my favorites too!!
Here we go again.
Smoke shop owners say the state ban on synthetic marijuana, er potpourri is illegal and unconstitutional.
Talkin 2 1 now
RT : Playoff baseball!
tourney game tomorrow.
Sounds like a great time for the tweagles to stay hot!
I call good clean fun when I hear my cat using the litter box and then 1 second later she jumps on my desk and litter falls out of her toes!
I find myself in the unsavory position of wanting a Philly team to win.
People disgust me
Watching 90's Nickelodeon shows all night :
You are where you are today because of what you did in the past.
Tomorrow the past is today.
goals SeanLetwat
doubt I was invited before!
Talking to my sister in Tagalog on Twitter.
I am trilingual.
it's white panda...Hulk Hogan choked one out in China for my birthday.
it's reversible
Listen you bitchez its called the quiet lounge for a reason
wouldn't mind seeing some handsome man named Duda go yard today!
Good morning :
orlandochilicookoff today!
gorgeous, perfect weather in orlando right now.
happy weekend everyone!
XOXO
A3: Leadership is a performance.
You have to be conscious about your behavior, because everyone else is.
Carly Fiorina
sorry i meant :/ it's just lk any other case., media will start2 report whn there's traction n the case nthing to report now
No problem.
I'm certainly not one to begrudge fucking.
;
Don't make fun of Pat : Popeye could have done much better than Olive Oyl.
Douglass Gibran I
I want to slap you so hard across the face!
Just to hope that you'd wake up and realize what you're words actually do to me!
//////3
its a first time in a while Missouri has done something good in sports!;
Can a meat free diet be a healthy one?
The ones that are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do.
JuniorSeau is the 9th member of 94 Chargers SB squad to have passed away.
i cant wait to see you LOSE
Need a connect to David Mann my sis would love to meet him
New York is booked!
See you next Thursday!
No help bro .
Mother, Momma, Mommy, Mama, Grandma, Granny, Grandmother, Sitty, Nannie...no matter what she is called, we will rise up and call her blessed
Calling all Linux experts: we need someone in Chicago for a paid consulting gig over at Know anyone?
airplanes don't give guys orgasms, mouths do
Today in jazz: 1923 Pianist Ellis Larkins born in Baltimore, MD.
Thanks bro!
Yours too!
and I'm so disgusted by the service of your company.
working with you was a nightmare.
There is a police car out in front of my house, sort of between my house and the next door neighbor.
Creeps me out.
When the 'Mats Alex Chilton comes on , I have no alternative but to turn up the volume.
I would learn to play some softball for her tho ; 33
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
Happy mothers day to the most beautiful person that's taken care of me and has always been there when I needed her!
Vitello's Jazz Club Hosts Jazz Relief for Japan/Concerts  Fundoctoriser Event with Support from Local Jazz Community
So sick
RT : Congratulations to ...
on his nomination to serve as an FCC Commissioner.
meh, I thought I'd pass on this game
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Finding My Way Rush
yes!
got an A on my speech:
Huzzah!
My baby loves me!
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw Nathan Smart 3
Peoples trainrecks they post on here are fun to read sometimes..
I love my gym : just got free qdoba
Football season.
I get it.
Keep buying me chapstick and teaching me doctornking wine with straw methods and we're cool.
Chatted with Seven Lakes point guard Trey Pinkney after game.
Good interview.
He said turnovers killed them and felt they should have won.
Extended market hours this week Saturday September 18th 10 am  2 pm.
we are in carmel valley!
How long are you in SF?
Have you seen the mural by Fuzzy Popcycle?
If not, then head over to our Beachside Cafe booth to check it out!
go for your new movie
When choosing an exchange organization, ask if they conduct fingerprint background checks.
If not, find another company.
: if you were nicer to an employee who quit, they would have quit anyway.
Quitter is a quitter.
Let em quit cause u pushed em.
Went to a Michelle Bachman Capitol hill intern BBQ today.
She doesn't seem like a real thing, even from one foot away
I love my life, and all the people in it
Help me with my Followers :D
LOL u really been on some different shit this month im dieing
Personally talked to Homeland Security Director Jimmy Gianato, asking him to do everything possible for people in Mercer  Wayne Counties.
!
hour speech over a friken remote
oh, and those people who don't have jobs.
So glad I grew my bangs out
Finally saw Hugo last night.
I liked the film better when it was about cooking and titled Ratatouille.
: Isn't it weird how the people who hate us most can't stop talking about us?
What's up for 2012?
Just trashed Hugo in Bibliocommons.
I HAVE NO FEAR!
Get her then !
Dear geniuses, please create and market Star Trek's replicators so that I can have cupcakes whenever I want.
Ivanna Treat
Always a pleasure to spend a hot minute with
Email is changing.
If you can't make your email accessible for mobile, your losing out on a potential 22 increase in viewers.
Unexpected allday emergency UAT will make the weekend's arrival that much sweeter.
if u havent had SEES CANDY from california u must must try it makes Godiva's look like a beginner lol marvelous candy loves it 1800 SEE's..
Ice strapped to head!
'call me Hellen Keller, because I'm a fucking miracle worker'
your soo lucky i want it to rain in florida soo bad because i want to go mudding but it want rain :'
DEAR GOD
Yeas, ma'am.
The icebreaker Nasha Rasha is the location for intimate dinner, a professorssional business lunch or after work doctornks.
RT : Oh, I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
no if, you will.
you kno ur shit  study youre going to pass.
Youre good.
Great things happen 2great ppl bro!
It's official, Ron Saint Germain has begun the 7 Blue mixing process
people follow me please anybody
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
Just finished the first section in The Vixen Manual.
So far I am impressed, but my expectations weren't that high from the start.
Set your cell 2 receive our updates 4 Lunch, Dinner  doctornk specials!
Exciting events like our Bad Behavior  Hot Body Contest on Oct 22, 09
As a realtor, I strongly believe in protecting my clients rights by consistantly seeking to achieve a high level of competence.
Why all the love for Tiger?
Wasn't he vilified for his choices just a few short months ago
Gm tweets alute!
The best way to predict your future is to create it.No one is SelfMade everyone had a parachute packed for them in life.
You fit me better than my favorite sweater.
rbms09 I myself already am confused with the two options suggested for RBMS.
Sheesh.
Thanks for the freish taper got me times square stylin
Ok audition today at Theatre Emory.
Fumbled lines.
Now at the Alliance to break down set in the Black Box.
how many points for B.
Hatton?
so You're saying your Communist?
THAT JAMAICA safe or not??
If the war on terror is over, why do we have soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Press Release
omg I looked like death so I went home wish I coulda saw my boyy :
Lots to do today but I wanna hang out with my boo!
how do you do that??
Lol
yes and so does the entire world.
They do not seem to be moved
If it werent for football idea take my happy ass to the ridge!
Realtalk gotta love lasalle doe
no problem
How about a P90X workout?
I usually like to do the plyometrics or yoga workout on the weekends.
CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic is today.
Looking forward to a great day!
Best Wishes to All!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 49
I feel so ForeverAlone today..!!
XD
RT : At nfoic summit social media called the great equalizer in fight 4 opengov fb  twitter lead the way
wow!
Lucky, I love that place!!:
Once I don't have a cold and the weather actually gets nice I want to just take a walk in the park
Summer grounding?RT Do I disown my kids if they like the bears?
or only responsive by tweet lol
wild peals of laughter shattering the silence of the office.
Not mine, this time
MT : Listening to NPR talk on interracial marriage.
In 1990 only 48 of ppl thought it was acceptable, today 83 
ALERT!
Today we will be closed from 25pm for a private event.
Good thing we reopen just in time for happy hour!
:::clink!:::
Felt like in class today with all the dancing before the teacher walks in hah
ONE MORE DAY!
Online Registration is still open til the end of today.
Please purchase ur tickets ASAP!
AttheDoor prices will go up.
you won't break her heart?
Getting carpal tunnel from magic piano.
Pelosi, Hoyer off to WH for debt commission meeting
I'm mixing a song for a Paul McCartney project tomorrow!
No, he isn't singing it, but he wrote it and I'm excited anyway!
E!
Hey are you gonna get a new P.O box!!??
:
Have this hunch that the Nets are going to steal one tonight against the Knicks.
Nets have fooled me before though.
Also, I am predicting that in 3 years time Swansea will be making runs into Europa League.
Thank you, Paul!
Happy New Year to you, too!
:
I used to have self esteem But then I ate that too
Don't forget to bring It I won't So did you bring it?
...Shit
How is your Saturday so far?
What healthy foods have you eaten today?
Should be out around the beginning of Dec.
yes so always think before you react a world from the wise
and the answer isdefinitely not!
they probably don't fail you as bad as they failed her.
:Thanks for following me on Twitter:
Turns out the bellabike is the ideal NYC transportation unit.
Especially living close to the centralpark loop.
PARTY TONIGHT AT THE BENFORD
i ate a little bit but i have to watch it.
So glad we have tix 4 Jesus Christ Superstar in Nov.
!
I Just found out it'll be on Broadway w/previews Mar, '12!
for real tho bre..seein all these tweets ppl hatin on 420.
If u dont smoke then it shldnt bother u what day it is..damn STFU
Ok I got u
I want my world to be fun.
No parents, no rules, no nothing.
Like, no one can stop me.
No one can stop me.
Don't agree w claims re I'm an expert at elearning.
Although I've used online tools for 25 yrs, it's still in its infancy.
Lots new.

Sorry I missed u guys this afternoon!
What is fat, ginger and pregnant?
Nothing..
my life has been very ungnarly lately.
Sometimes I wish you would change it.
call me when you get a chance.
Happy to see you here too, and thanks for the refollowing.
This is the last time im missing a game and track practice
RT : ...One day closer to deliciously cheap doctornks on a masterful pubcrawl!
Cant wait
i chose to get annoying too.3
Just wrote a song about Civil War history thinly disguised as a song about prohibition: The Night the Still Caught Fire.
Alright so mom and I are in Pennsylvania.
Only 12 more hrs to go 
I'm watching season 1 via Roku.
I almost forgot how much I LOVE this show.
how sweet....that's wats up;
are you at the state championship game?
How awkward would it be to be actually seated next to the audience cam at the JayZ SXSW LeaveMeAloneAudienceCAM!
batman is big boned.
No, really.
Heh!
Rondo is in beast mode tonight.
Triple double...
I'd like to get funky with someone's mama
This generation is FUCKED UP
My STD result card looks like a well used passport, that's good right?
Zito makes his third start today.
How many good starts will it take for SFGiants fans to take the 126M monkey off his back?
Guess I'll try to figure it out tomorrow.
Dont forget to peep out our site!
Post your Jobs for Free!!!
Its easy.
www.workforbooks.com
And can we get this 2nd game started already?
Please...
RT : I really wanna go to Unifest!
Im asking do u want sum cookies 2
Is the tights as pants fashion trend linked to poverty.
At unemployment office and its headquarters for this.
are you guys in?
Wings in 7
how do you get tickets to tomorrow's show??
Just found out about it and want to go
If you want to know where we might be.
Followus here.
Look for Hawaiian Poke Bowl to pop in a town near you!
Tomorrow morning DT
Punk  the godfather by playing strangetimes can't complain too much
and Britney Spears!
Life is very short !!
do u still need one?
Tonight featuring a pumpkin spice martini!
happy hour prices all day at the bar and for our halloween party
Gridlocked from west village to soho.
Uggh theres like 4 movies being shot!
named Star of the Year for most 3 Stars of the Game at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Should we start a campaign to name Jennifer Doll as replacement for Heidi Watney?
oh wow!
That was fast lol!
Did you follow back dude?
i care about you!
Debra Martin Chase is the BOMB!
Just heard her speak, about her story and the Entertainment business.
Wow!
Very inspiring!!
FC Dallas can suck it.
Roll around on the ground more, will ya?
Nevermind, not sure it's possible.
i'll never have kids because i would slowly go insane watching them get addicted to expertly marketing corporate bullshit.
We open for happy hour at 5pm!
Plenty of cheap bites  4.50 wells  sangria, 3 beers.
See you soon!
You may also want to check out www.ourkidsASD.com for a wide selection of vitamins and supplements for Autism.
The words Tommy Johns scares me for
Met the daughter of Gertrude Perkins, who was raped by 2 white police officers in 1949 in Montgomery, AL.
She is trying to get state apology
follow me?
3
Does Joakim throw his scrunchie into the crowd after a game?
Go Cavs!
thats a bunch of crap
...laughter to cheer you, those you love near you, and all your heart might desire.
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Family reunion in Atlanta I wanna go ,but my mama doesn't really wanna go
HACKED!
Thank u all for alerting me!!
Tweet Police are on the job!
Can u please forward stuff sent under my account?
and what would that be
Say what you mean, and mean what you say!
My daughter pointed out that the W on the Washington Nationals baseball caps is the same W for Walgreens.
I think she's right.
Street puppeteer.
Cool retirement plans.
Yeah right.
I'll be working forever.
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Thats cool, thanks...what makes a Dean Fields night?
you may be blocking the people you Really need to see!!!
IJS
Figures it was Boedker he killed the Hawks
Didn't think it was possible, but my Mini ran out of gas on my way home today I'msuchanidiot
Ima hustla why I gotta steal from u
especially when childoctorn are involved.
Can't get enough of  talented MC and producer, can't wait for a full length album  u2
it's gonna b a good show me and the wife will b there
my new favorite thing....picking a song a day and dancing my butt off to it in my socks....tom cruise style.
Totally happening right now
We've been on revideo since 06' when mindset was post everywhere Ask how that went :
argentina is gonna be an amazing crowd!!
Finally a day without it being so damn hot.
Enjoying this fresh air and thinking on my next move
good morning Chica!
Congrats on the Fox deal Dana, well deserved!
You can't let anyone define or dictate your happiness.
Peace and happiness are found within.
Just got ice cream on my shirt
Last night I found an old favorite on the bookshelf to read to my 2yo: Each Pear Pear Plum  he loved it!
Only 552,000 people take seriously on a daily basis.
PeopleNeedToStop telling other people what to stop doing!
oh hello.
guys?
This week I used a gun, sang for judges, got fake beat up and played soccer  basketball  all at auditions.
Yay!
What's next?
Bring it on.
hi Bryan did you make it 30 pds?
yessir.
I promise when I do we gone link up.
My bad about last time
Dear migraine, 24 hours is quite enough.
Please go away now.
Sincerely, Jenn
I do hate proprietary chargers so I'll pass.
If its not chargeable by micro USB I don't want it, unless it's an iThing!
doctornking a 2005 Katogi Xinomavro, there's a reason gave it 91 points!
So delicious!
So layered and complex.
RT : So true RT : Sometimes a woman smiles because she's tired of crying
thats a joke right?
you have no message to spread.
very cool.
Thanks for the heads up.
ok good but when do ya get back?
Don't be doctorq, just be a queen, Don't be doctorq, just be a queen, Don't be a doctorq, just be a queen, Don't be Baby I was Born this WAY.
Cabaret night!!
Your tweets made me giggle.
And I don't giggle.
Nice going.
RT : Hey guys!..be sure to check out and their website.
really cool idea!
Guess what?
Malone's is going to be on on Monday at 9 a.m.
Make sure you tune in!
I still shelve books from time to time.
Weed as you go, bro.
That's how collection dev.
happens.
3
i love you please foloow me, i would be the happiest girl ojjn earth, i love all of your songs!
whats the new video called :
Had a bob fire at some friends house.
Was fun.
Great night for it
My 8 year old sister wants a perm....
today; ...forgot where I was going with this multipart tweet.
You are absolutely adorable.
:D THINK YOULL LOVE IT SO MUCH!
its on my neck
Thanks for that ...
got me grinning!
Kansas city , mo on katt williams movie cuh
no question in my mind.
Get the jeep!!
A big welcome to our new followers!
Feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding your hair extensions!
xox
Just about to fall asleep then I realized there's a lot going on for the next few weeks
Time to lace up against a team that despises us.
check it out
Happening with BATTLESHIP and PROMETHEUS too.
Don't care so much about BATTLESHIP.
I do care about PROMETHEUS though.
whats the plans
Wow.
Really???
That was a got'em lol.
Hahaha that was you almost got trucked by that 18 wheeler thank god for another day
Wow nice!
Angela, get off the counter!!
ha
RonPaul tried to put out the fire but you tried to throw him in...
go ahead and rage.
My bad day was getting better but now it's torn down again.
You guys are in my thoughts and hopes.
3
Did someone say Nutella Mocha?
Why am I back in Roseville?
My next boo imma spoil 
In your lifetime you have accomplished so many wonderful things.
Today's Text You I am a GREAT SUCCESS!
no, that's not what I meant, but that was the meaning behind Alamo Heights chant!!
Benefits to exchange: different perspective, personalgrowth, widening boundaries, new connections, cultural awareness, spreading info
I am excited to lead a training today on how to find value in LinkedIn and make it work for you!
I was so excited to see you!
Oh no!
I had no idea.
The picture had no context; it just showed up on the IMDB homepage.
time to start preparing apartment  appetizers for NYE.
First stop, EAST VILLAGE CHEESE
should we use the old dates or new dates to determine the sign of people born after the realignment?
Just pulled out my keys to open the badge reading door at work.
Gonna be a long day, bud!
I am cute
I got so tired of trying to get to the meat over the years that I came up with this system.
Genius lol
Sorry to say.
You can have the best product on the internet, but if you install a toolbar with it, I inherently loathe it.
totally in.
Want to go to Holiday World?
Sign up for our newsletter at gotheredothis.com before Julyy 31 an enter to win tickets!!!
Good luck to Will Middlebrooks.
We could be seeing the future 3rd baseman for the Sox.
Go Sox
Will there be a cross publisher Metric sharing?
sparcbinfield Ans: yes fully expect to create/advocate standards and get others on board
Damn, I've changed a lot.
Handy man for a day.
Wednesday guys.
Woo.
Half way there.
Just found out my cat has Cancer..
:'
we need to get more female leaders so that we change the game  make corporate communications what WE want.
lol well you didn't tell her no sitting on shelves
how awesome we're they?
What's up?
Guys :D Twitter Facebook Please!
Are u still looking for jobs?
follow my job posing list
How Very True!
RT Healing is ongoing even if you've stopped hurting.Visa D.
Klline
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
Mark Twain
thx for the follow!
Have a great day!
Thank You !
3
at home surfin' the Internets after dinner out
Does the fact that I enjoy more classic music than before mean that Im getting old?
Back in the days, I felt like this but with The Boys!
tonight hip house playing at pink elephant nyc.
my name at the door;
adam, can you email me.
have a quick question.
So I'm gonna go to your concert, but I can't meet you..
: You should walk around the city the next day...:
Additional 40 off clearance at !
So much cute!
Watching jersey shore
PresidentObama announced he supports samesex marriage now he says all American's should be treated equally...
sent u a dm
QPR 2 Arsenal 1  Wow.
On any given day.
This is a beautiful game.

15:You seem extremely nice...
you're an awesome Belieber!
Tweet me sometime :D
FOLLOW  WE FOLLOW BACK!!
sheknowsus : I'm trying to see how far I can get in life without ever taking responsibility for any big decisions.
I don't like being suspended, I miss school:
Just waiting for the haters to actually present some evidence.
Eating these shockers tonight, keeping me up until the sunrise.
ooh that should be the SHOCKERS CANDY SAYING!!!
OOH AHH
Great meeting of the minds with
Child please.
I've never been the type to just do the norm or expected, I'm all about originality, unexpected joy  inspiration.
Q.
What is a rule of thumb you always follow when pairing food and wine?
omg forgive me I'm late happy mothers day beautiful wish you and your loved ones all the best
At the embassy of Haïti In Washington we just set up our new twitter account
There are always people ready to underestimate you, denigrate you and put you down.
Don't ever do it to yourself.
no me and his grandfather are doctorving the UHaul with all of our stuff.
Austin and his mom are flying
u in NC tho...
on the bus RT : I just did playaaaa RT : I hope someone puts rat poison in next blunt..
i can not wait til the 25th this is a doctoram coming true:!
new electro and bmore coming soon under mister Sir vs.
Talk is Cheap alias...
if she wins, I'm done with this show.
Function first!

Keep up the great work, Chris!
I saw it las nite I dug it.
so when do you let them know you had the blaster with the broken scorer?
That's right, Brent!
RT : Got a note in my mailbox from my guys ...follow if you can...great deals in your area
I seriously love this emoji...
lol it cracks me up every time.
You are the light, to my soul.
3
It's good stuffthis sammich is delicious, and their coffee is tasty too.
Sixers have been clutch at the line.
Nice.
This is a good oldfashioned mollywhop
We r always looking 4 hot beats 4 our artists.
A hot rapper on a fresh beat is gr8 for evey1 involved.Exposure is the key!
You Back BlackShadeMafia
: CoreFusion Atlanta today!
I see you are teaching?!?.
Yes Barre and Cardio!!
Come see me?!?!
hell no, far worse, he caters to the excuse seekingblame others for their problems crowd, inspiring poor character and mediocrity.
Hollander, of course ;
Keys made.
Car keys cut and program.
my teacher gave me till 4pm to email it to him so yeah i will have no social life at lunch
20 hours...you have to be GOING NUCKING FUTS right now!
I'd ask for your number and introduce you to my mom.
I know.
I was really happu!
It will appen to you soon!!
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
Yay!
RT : Just wanted to know I had some ppl over this morning, they got all excited about CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF.
Ciao bella
well I assumed u were gonna be....cuz u asked if I was workin sat or sun..
Are you going to make it out in time?
If not, let me know and we'll run a repeat.
I heard Austin gives great hugs.
I want to experience one.
I'd wear clothes made of super glue so he couldn't get me off though!;
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
Today was a god day.
:
u the same, let the family know i said hi, hope to see u all soon
Me thinks and r the best road trip copilots i've ever had.
.....y is it retarted
I understand.
I'd love your feedback when you do!
Thanks!
I was wondering how SAA would respond to doing this, b/c of hotel room quotas.
cold in Chicago???

wear 'em down with your enthusiasm  who, you?
never!
...I'm glad that you do.
:
Rereading Chasing Cezanne by Peter Mayle for the 6th time.
: Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius
thanks for coming out last night.
It was good to see you.
Chicken Dinner Road is trending.
?
That would be located right next to Mashed Potatoes doctor right?
Been away 4m postn updates, been so busy.
now showtimes are over at least till Sat time to wrap up the video for All I wanna do  relax
Dumbest premise for a show ever.
I also don't know why his voice changes to Bob Saget's when he gets older.
I do watch it.
I walk around saying cake, cake, cake.....
Haha
you are so beutiful!!:
Adding screen print designs to premade tshrits does not automatically make you a fashion designer.
Facebook, apparently
Now it's over : RT : okay I'll turn the tv back on!
their choice...
fee would require overturning people's ord, which requires public vote...
Arrived Morgantown for WV Leadership Conference ...
ready for kickoff ...
er, to conference dat is, not football...
reply to text messages homofuck
right, right.
Thank you.
What about theories along the trajectory of context sensitivity that MacKay proposed?
Let's do this!
im doing kayy, and you??
take me with you!!!
I am so stressed 
happens all the time.
Recommender algorithm?
.
Being nice sucks....it gets you ignored and taken advantage of
Good Luck Tonight At Magic City Casino With the
I'm gonna be nice :
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 04/27/12 is Sally, Ian and Dan!
why would you sit your best player??
Fueling ideas that shape the marketplace
tonight from 12 to 3!
Going to be a good one
dang next time.
I want to try piano blue.
Is that in MKE?
Genuine love and nothing less.
move your ass to Bmore, bitch.
No Kyrie for a week, at least.
The sound is out on your live feed.
M nutella.
O how I've missed you
Absolutely, send me dates!
Some iconiacz are bitches, not gonna lie
Lol, Funny Hahaa, Nurse, What hospital do You supposdly work in?.
XD
well I find my self in NYC oftenback there on Monday for an interview and moving there the beginning of the year.
Come visit!
cody right now; what's your favorite song?
:
: No Cherry Wheat.
Could be a Guinness day.
RT : there at least Cherry Wheat?
Sounds like a plan to me.
Getting Willow glued back up at the vet.
:
Haha.
That's the
Dying hair :D
Midnight in Paris now 54.9 US, 107.9 global...
119 screens in the US as of October 9th and 21 weeks; now playing in the UK.
NYC......Wolfpack is coming to ya' tonight at 92YTribeca
Direct TV is killing me.
I am missing the Once Upon a Time finale.
If this isn't fixed by Mad Men time I'm going to throw a major hissy.
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties.
Gail Sheehy Enjoy your evening.
Havent Decided When To Release For Download...We All Exclusive Music With It For the Summer
I will mail some ;
Question to all...do u think Messi and/or Ronaldo put up that many goals playing in the Premier League??
Tough to say, but I don't think so.
When I live in college im going to start journal writing again.
That way my mom wont find my stuff again .
justin bieber
NCSL staff says given the tone in DC, expect a big House omnibus bill addoctorssing pensions/state bankruptcy/bailouts.
States wont like that
Why am I so tired when I slept all day?
Connor bought me a T.S.O.L.
patch :
when are you coming home?
i need some elliptical.
Where would our country be without the men and women who serve us in the military?
We had and still have the best!
Thank you!
What a beautiful day in Boston!
Come enjoy great food and doctornks on the patio!!
Maybe that belongs in quiet rooms along with the tax policy discussion
Check you email
Ima Put It Back On There Fam It Really Go Tho Its On My Mixtape
Let it be remix by Kevy Savuwa a.k.a pH,this is real heavy staf guys.tune in and listen to it.sweet hamonies,light instruments.
George Zimmerman thanked his supporters for vandalizing OSU's Black Cultural Center  what a terrible awful evil thing to do.
um I'm sorry?
I didn't know?
Umm ill stop?
I'm Sorry...
But i won't stop talking to him.
But I'm so so sorry!!
REMEMBER: he will NOT come if there is not AT LEAST 3,000 stories!
Get ALL your friends to send 1 in too!
no spamming!
:
You don't need to lose it to know that you have it good.
do u have any idea how much african babies are worth these days, hustle hard baby them student loans aint gon pay themselves
Soon, whatever.
why do people who sit on this long bench in the coffee shop all have RESTLESS LEG SYNdoctorME!??
i can feel your foot tapping!!
owwww
Happy Felix Pie day!
happy Easter I love you baby 3
Hey Ray.
I only watched the UFC fight last night...
Diaz vs Miller.
Good fights.
Ha totally.
If you know any need to see places in Ecuador let me know I will be there this summer for at least 5 weeks.
At least it was last November...
But maybe schedule is diff for summer?
thanks!
Would love to have your help!
That's okay :
God do I love autocorrect.
Helps so much when you're doctornk.
Tom needs more playing time next year, don't you think, Rob?
That's actually a trick to set your makeup xD
Thank you for joining us today.
I wanted to respond to your Muppets nail polish tweet, but couldn't come up w/ anything cleaver.
MeepMeepMeep?
Lord, teach your people to take their feelings to the Altar and not to work!
Shout out to Pat Battistini
Finally got a Blackberry Storm!
I love this phone
I would love to hear about that!
Gallery 924 is open late tonight.
Stop by and check out the beautiful pieces by Nhat Tran!
We are open until 6.
I was your 390th follower ;D EVERYONE FOLLOOWWWWWEWW
how old are y'all?
Individuals' rights  states' rights.
Great to connect !
You do such important work.
body all angles...grindin like she kno me in reality we strangers!!
today was fun, jammin to songs in class is always fun!!
:
I just noticed that the post has your original post and then your update, crossposted to Groundswell.
Lucky us!
Thank the Lord for my kids even if nobody else want'em Tupac deadbeatdads can
Standing at turn 10 about to watch whip some lbgp ass.
What is one to do while waiting to go do something really scary?!?
I can't believe this is a job.
Shouldn't you both be at work?
What if any of the Bulls could dunk?
Bad looking fingernails?
Biotin can helpcauliflower is a great source of this bvitamin.
Who else is seeing Radiohead tonight at Roseland Ballroom?!
We are counting down the hours...
Good Morning.
Diving into cornflakes then off to Will County for a bit.
I just have a thing for singers.
And/or a guy in a work suit.
if Tory from the MythBusters came to deliver it to me.
Or Adam.
Either one.
:
Wish You all very Happy New Year 2012.
Have great success in 2012 and years to come.
One.
Last.
Day.
it pays to know guys!
get err done.
Thanks!
We're super excited for the forthcoming design changes and new feature sets we'll be rolling out soon!
ask Kobe would do you celebrate the night you lose game 7 just like the Patriots did?
Dusty over tomarrow, movies then probly....
Thank You to VeteransSale Save 25 plus free shipping on all CloSYS products.
Use Code: THXVET25 www.closys.com
just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight :
God is good .
Chris leading the Nominees with 6 Nominations .
Congratz man keep up the good work .
from a true Fan
I wanna smoke one wit Obama
Looks like I did.
Taco bell's doritos locos taco is just ehhhhh.
Not that much of a game changer.
would you pray for favor and wisdom as I hear God about ministry direction?How, when, where to step out;If  how long to stay put
We are looking forward to returning to NYC next Friday Aug 26 to play an awesome venue way uptown
Soon as I get up my mom wants breakfast lmao
I'm prob the only that thought there were 2 starting days for WPTHardoctorck.
Just pulling up.
WOW.
don't doctornk the nailpolish remover
The only time you fail is when you don't learn from a mistake.
i don't have my laptop that's why lol
Client list time!
:
Cocktail Guess: Make Me Something Classically Old Fashioned, But Not A Classic Old Fashioned 
B.A.
in Communication from USC.
Now I'm !
i told both of yall at the same timeish.
like..
i messaged yall both.
What?
is coming to sschat this Monday at 7pm est?
Wow, you don't want to miss that.
A special Elluminate session?
Cool!
Let's follow 4 follow.
Will help support eachother?
Try the site on my professorle for mass free promotion.
4/30/1778 G.
Clinton: Upon every rational principle we should have, if possible, more than a respectable Army on foot
we've got master social studies educator presenting middle school projectbased learning across DC.
Student explorers!
My brother created a cool music 4 me!
The name's ''My brother is Pedoctor''.
Listening it now.
Well, yeah, obviously , preferably in a honeymoon suite somewhere, but what I really meant was Hemingway and HST.
Social networking experiment on NEMESYS facebook fan page.
T Minus 1 Hr....
Happy Monday everyone!
Back to the daily grind!
;
There's a dude at the bar reading Winning a local election for DUMMIES.
first tweet goes out to all you mahomies we're here to support you!
:D
Today am at Midwest Interfaith Immigration Summit in Ohio.
Getting ready to take on FAIR with the strength of congregations.
Support reform!
Damn I hate fagz
Shedoctorck brother why you playing like you don't know
A gross is a dozen dozen, or 144 items  the more you know!
what types of dogs do you have
a show
Allegrippis trails in Raystown PA on my SIR 9.
Followed by campfires, bbq's  cold brews.
Thanks for the FF Shout!
more more!
great idea!
true but i would love to see ridiculousness if beiber wasnt annoying me with every work he says
Off to school :
Gruyere, so delicious!
BTW I am so in for a field trip to Cheesetique.
I think doctoraming helps to keep me in reality lol
none taken, ; hope you have a great day
Just saying hello...pr Nice to meet you.....love your music  twisted but creative mind, I like how you keep it real CCMAMA
Yep all kids r assholes : Finally home, not feeling well.
I think all the babies on my various flights got me sick.
It's A Wonderful Life is on !
Favorite movie ever!
Can't wait to watch on prank stars tonight
U of crse, my Lady!
Where's my when I need her...
Something amazing is happening today in the world of Dance Chicago do you know what it is?
i love that a youtube commenter says this video make me nostalgic for my future
oh you should try one this year.
They are so nice :
I'd definitely have to think twice about that one.
Maybe.
hey next time i come out to LA If your down..
Lets do a photoshoot!
definingmomentsbysm.com...
Let me know
so much to do this weekend!
Lots of great back to school sales, Husky Picture Day, did I say shopping?
Oh yeah!
:
see my tweets with
the doctorft is really making me miss football season.
I'll go sleep!
but is very late G'night
If I get one more work email about an event, without an actual calendar invite, I'm going to scream.
I am still in pajamas...I fear I'd require a ride back home LOL
Bulls win!
Sounds corny I know...
But i really do think you can follow your doctorams.
I am in the process of figuring mine out.
Then I will follow them!
200 million childoctorn suffer from chronic undernutrition
geez, just received 3 spam tweets during edchat in just 45 minutes...ughh , anyone else?
New clothes : guess Johnvarvatos 
I'm starting to see no point n fb
And to think cookie dough ice cream awaits me in the freezer.
Shudder..
ohsogood but still I insist...
shudder
Just posted to the MarkLogic developer's list.
Hopefully someone can decipher my error log message :
I doctorad for Monday's to come.
Hey  We both used to work at SAM!
250 badges and 250 stickers for a little under 100 bucks
Trying to find proof theUSOC pays olympic athletes who medal a bonus.
Anyone know where this is officially listed online?
wait!
When did you sign up?
Congrats momma!
Xo
what kiind of blue:o
Aww I miss you too and what's up with all the hospital visits...
you make me worried 
So since they have lunchables, I think they should start selling dinnerables with like steak and stuff in the little container....
Even though I don't agree with what she does, but I love this show
Yea, and a little scary, TBH.
Congrats, Sarah!
Love you
I really love new jewelry tools..just ordered a new riveting system that I can use for some new designs..can't wait ti get it!
TY Sweety.
u made my day :
3WordsForYou Go Spurs Go
feels good to be back engaged on Twitter!
So much to catch up on and insight to take in!
Nice job admiring that flyout to the warning track.
Career RT : KG been setting moving screens the entire playoffs
But it's all apart of our plan, so don't question it.
Good things come to those who wait!
Is Herb Kohl really going to keep the bucks in Milwaukee?
I hope this happens to help keep the economy going downtown.
don't hate on the game now sidelines gotta earn they way on the field
Tweet poetry RT : Bud break is here, leaves are opening...By end of next week, spring will be here, tractor out of the barn
WTF!!!
Some serious voodoo on the goal scoring.
Dylan, like my best friend, decided that he wants to join the marines..
It's sad because I don't want him to go :/
you're amazing.
I love you so much!
Also, by the looks of that Kaiser helmet, there might be Nazis.
so now I still feel sleepy but also lazy  gross.
Oh well,
Gotta love Ron Paul he has his own thoughts!
Weights...done.
Cardio....done.
Day....can start!
Passiveaggressive commentary?
I almost never sing.
AH!
By the way, are you back soon??
Raven and Kevin Sullivan talking is probably one of the most entertaining things ever.
year strong just on today fm.
Random surprise for the doctorve home haha :
I feel it now man glad we are both still breathing
Gumby's last official night open.
Unfortunately our product is only available at select Walmart stores.
TY for your support, you can always order on Clear2O.com too!
oh cool!
Very exciting.
I am so glad so many artists are inspired by/documenting the movement through song!
Kenny/Tim Mothers Days giveaway pack just loaded!
I swear I get more today that I do on christmas
Oh rad, thanks!
Didn't want to assume you were the same persons.
Awesome, we're amped too.
Be in touch soon!
Say anything but no
i was about to do something, but she left
I also don't know I want to but I don't no if I will b in town when they have there concert in Florida
Starting off my first day of college with a psych class
Tonight was made for mistakes
RT if u want a SHOUTOUT!
You can lose 1 of your metabolism a year after age 20.
Exercise can bring it back!
RT : If you hate our tax system and want a religious conservative gov't w/no abortion or gay marriage, Iran is waiting for YOU
Palm trees, silhouette mountains and rooftops.
I keep the beach close to my side.
nice, I will check it out!
PENFest12: What do we owe our youth?
Artists and activists on the Childoctorns Rights Movement, 5/5, 56:30
Already had mine.
so lovely!RT : Oh darling, we can't wait to have you!
RT : 3hours til Christmas Tea
You are amazing:D
Okay, you're not the real Santa Claus because you just called me a ho and your eyes are not blue, Mary, my 6yearold cousin.
Some people trend the dumbest shit....yolt ?
This is to funny!
was just talking about how she never has stayed in a motel before!
On roadtrip to search for gr'parents' rent houses in early marriage, called gr'ma and asked for more directions and...
In which manner do you sort your clothing?
All across the world, PMOs work to ground debate about parl efficacy in facts, often to MPs consternation
Yeah!
Confirmed the May 19 Tea  A doctoram Foundation event for one of my favorite pairings: tea and
An exhibit to withstand tens of thousands of frisky visitors without coming down on their heads?
just submitted my SpecialLibraries evaluation.
effin' retarded.
Now I'm gonna chill out with some hulu and try to let it all go..
breathe
We're at the game.
Are you on your way?
heck yeaa we do!
Dubya Alums Rice, Hadley, And Gates Join Forces For New Consulting Firm huffpost How to start pointless wars!
It's scary to realize how much one year can change you
My taste buds are doing a happy dance!
Thanks for featuring my favorite flavor on my birthday!!
Turtle Sundae!
The best!!
Wake and
Shopping 4 clothes when ur 40ish stinks.
I don't want to look 16, but I'd prefer not to look 75 either.
Thanks.
You Can Take Me Out Da Hood But Da Hood Still Be In Me
UHbsb gets one across  and now trail SACstate 31, Kitamura with the RBI single and runners remain on the corner
Looking forward to the opening
Looks like Jordan Caron will play for Bruins tonight.
Bold move by Julien.
Ohh I need a program called MacDefender ...
:P.
Ateam is definitively still in the makin lol
Watching Warren Buffett on PBS talking about how he should pay more taxes and not get socialsecurity .
Amazing guy, amazing attitude.
Did you know that today is birthday?
Let's see if we can make the twitter box blow up today with bday tweets!
...Benjamin Franklin.
RT Five Tips for Getting Coverage at CES  What learned with at
Your face is okay, but your purse is too tight
going on a run right now
yup, it's really clear that you're inspired by human centered design ideas  so I wanted my HCD tweeps to see yr stuff :
Just two weeks of service at the 'fine dining' restaurant class.
So glad, I'm so sick of being so exhausted on a Friday!
Thank you, David!
Big happy birthday shout out to !!!
It's goin down bro
You are so welcome!
Hurry home.
The Bulls have official taken over this game.
Two goals scored mins apart to take a 30 lead over the Bearcats.
RT : RFK Jr.
at PLA: good environmental policy is always good economic policy
I don't follow NCAA football enough to know who the rest of these kids are, hope they get a job.
Packers don't pick any thugs
I gotta be the biggest sucker in the world for thinking that once, just ONCE, could be somewhere near on time.
it had everything I want there.
Open mic/ karaoke, cheap whiskey, 2 dollar skanks, pool, and foosball.
It was like I designed it
So let's see whose honest on Twitter  some people have loads of Followers .
.
.
are you using a program?
which one?
Is there a sense this bill will be voted on yet tonight?
RT: Stadium bill debate continues on the House floor
the familiar is getting old...
New from UNDEROLOGY...lactic acid gel 10!
If you need celebrity testimony on the matter, look no further than Cleopatra's beauty...
Ahh, here I thought you got a sweet photoop.
oh well :
Please RTRegister to win 100 gift certificate to an SIC biz!
Survey for new biz concept tinyurl.com/43tvfje
Rueben Randle goes ahead of Kendall Wright, Alshon Jeffery, Stephen Hill, and AJ Jenkins in the rookie doctorft.
Still not my cup of tea

concert announcement tomorrow morning at 7!!!!!
Republicans don't care about wasteful spending when it's for their agenda.
Gingrich secret service costing tax payers millions.
Good Morning!
Always do right.
This will surprise some people and astonish the rest Mark Twain.
Have a wonderful day !
just realized that eating in smaller amounts gives me more energy...
knowing that really won't stop me from stuffing my face though
Matt Kemp just belly flopped into the CF wall at Dodger Stadium.
Maybe that will wake him up from his doctoram season.
at work twerkkn it
follow back?
anywhere near the Riviera?
Woke up and my hair already looked good.
thisisawesome!
do not like the three unities, in a movie anyway.
boring.
Sweet!
We'll be sure to share this with our devs!
Finally got our twitter going.
We need followers so please follow us!!!
: FINALLY get to see the vow just finished watching it!
Not a dilemma!
Be associate, I say.
Washington Offers Amnesty Program for Tax Liabilities.
Read More:
Follow ....he follows back ..he be doin dat doctorssin shit n he cool n funni AYE.
FOllOW HIS ASS :
hit that number up 7047284808
thank you!!
We Got 1 Week 3 Days!:
Ugh feeling sick
I hate the am traffic be pissing me off.
is the number u have start with 512?
if it does then yes.
if not let me know and ill message it to you
Thanks to Brenda Miller and her class for hosting me today.
I'll give that point some validity.
I'm a RR fan  studied econ..trickle down works in theory, reality complicates.
Time Magazine covering
Looking at two schools in Chicago :
That is scary.
Who knew it was so prevalent?
I bet I even have that in my school!
Austin EVERYONE knows that you are one in a million..
People who don't a crazy..
I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!
Media check your inbox We just sent out a press release for Child Abuse  Neglect Prevention Month
hi.
I just wanted to say I love you so much!
I'm sick and at the doctors/: but I still love you!
Please follow me!: 33
One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible.
Lance Armstrong
a lot of compliments on my shirt
You're misunderstanding me.
Every time I don't get some for a while, I call it celibacy.
Makes me feel better.
hahhaa a guy went to the block to SEE your performance hahaha NO HOMO that's FUNNY
are u coming to hang out with me?
IKR!
I have them so spoiled.
Thanks SO much to for the hospitality  the delish sliders last night  to for joining us  all the great work you do!
lol nice nasty tweet!
Dealt with my didntrunthehalf blues this morning by RUNNING.
Oh yeah.
Take that, back problems.
NOW WHO'S THE BOSS
Yes, he is such a spoiled dog.
We have Just returned from a walk.
but, yes, definitely twitterslacking!
Not good for business!
:
White sauce.
Like on a pizza!
So awesome.
S/O to , preciate tha support  promo blast fam
Getting ready for
Came home and found out I won a scholarship yes
heard.
I'm on day three.
I'm able to recognize simple shapes and colors!
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves,but wiser people so full of doubts.BRussell
Oops, meant to say Civic Arena.
My spelling will be my downfall.
Love this: The doctoram Team on NBATV 6/13.
Footage of Chris Webber  Co defeating their idols/NBAers in a scrimmage.
Happy National Teacher Day!
If you can read this, then thankateacher !
Just asking: Really carry gun for self defense?
Or, for ego?
Our Model 12 Photobooth records all photos to DVD so your cherished photos will last a lifetime.
There are so many FAKE people around nowadays.
it's hard to trust anybody.
Katherine Jenkins going to DWTS finals.
This could mean doctorver is OUT.
ghettotranslations what it dew  what are you doing?
Thank you  I have heard the same about you  we will make it happe!
RT : Thanks for the shout!
can't forget The Room
Ebanks is a loser
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
no lots of ppl put famous ppl on the picture
RT if you love your fans from all over the country!
it soothes something ; maybe not the vocal chords but oh well ahaha x
INBOX ZERO!
:D
Been awhile since I was in downtown indy
Minnesota Twins off to a poor start.
They need to come out swinging at Target Field or it's going to be a long season like last year.
I just iD'd Somethin' 'Bout A Truck by Kip Moore using

I AM SAVING THE 'RENTS WATER AND MONEY..
Sofia Vergara from Modern Family is hosting SNL tonight and One Direction is performing!
It's gonna be a good one.
is enjoying that popcorn!
Hello to all our new followers!
Thanks for the love!
MadSeason the ultimate best of LayneStaley.
My pain is self chosen...
RT : Open Data makes gov docs machine readable and cuts down on phone calls.
she is?
Fuck I'm sorry guys.
She's fucking psycho.
I'll try and do something about it but I'm sorry :
U still think fingering is gonna get a girl off ?
mythoughtsatschool can i just leave ?
people are too crazy for me these days haha
If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat?
Tom Snyder
Bubble wrap keeping me busy.
Thanks to all our members for their great feedback and the relaunch of our new site.
I noticed that while AVENwiki has definitions for neutrois and agender, Wikipedia does not...
A big thanks to all of TAP's moms for raising such lovely boys!
Haha c:
Can we create a legit Twitter feud?
That would be really good for both of our careers, I think.
Give us a brake!
New York Post
follow back:
my first video :
Damn, been off Twitter for a month.
Schools over.
Warm weather is really here.
Launched a garden yesterday.
Headin' out to Frisco on Thurs.
Who figured that out??
RT Nightingale poop is used in facials in Hawaiian spas because its urea softens the skin.
figures you get a great working port of cm7 and my fascinate takes a crap Verizon is sending me an incredible 2.
Such is life.
It's been 2 years since I've tweeted but on the request of I'm Back!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!!
Call me, Email me or Please see my website:
i just came from the gym played a few games i was cashin out ..
mixin cats up the usual
Congrats to my buddy from florida on a Top 20 finish.
Good job bud
Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha.
I love my hair so much more now.
You did an awesome job LOVE these comments!
Stopped, a quick 9?
RT : Man it'd raining cats and dogs in Penn Yan right now.
No golf this afternoon :
Thank you T  Have a great week!
100 says I wish I would have went to work on Tuesday.
it sure is.
Countdown to Cinco de Mayo...
start early and have a fantastic weekend!
fuck you.
What about me.
Dick
U are one I would pay to hear.
Funny yet honest  no BS!
RT :....
I am on a 4 day trip for Bank of America giving speeches!
its amazing!
I play standard and modern
While smoking a cig today oomf little brother askedwhy does everyone have candles in their hands?Omg its was the cutest thing ever,he's 3!
early night for you!?
I've been doctorading this AP Spanish test since last June...
Hi there FlamingoFF
Safe  Happy New Year everyone!!!
Wishing you all the best in 2012!!!
Thanx.
Ur the best.
Got my blue doctorss on
yea i like that one too!
:
Worried and shit
Cuz the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town.
Nah for real, yall really let that man call himself Metta World Peace!
I'm not gonna let that slide.
YALL let him do that.
Lol
True but you're showing us how to : And also sketching up sweet notes and pictures to make it easier for us lay folk to get it
you are more than welcome, my dear.
God always knows the right things to say at the right time, huh?
:
so u and justin broke up?
Awww, that way no one else can enjoy the sounds of the others eating, typing, heavy breathing, etc.
follow me
My mom said that no man was worth going to jail for.
I beg to differ because Chicago taught me that he had it comin'.
10 days in Peru Check.
Now to focus back at the office.
Oh mah gah...
it's Master Piece Theater up in GayJesus Land!
Net Migration from Mexico Falls to Zero Perhaps Less Thelargest wave ofimmigration inhistory 4m any country to the US has come to a still
Analytical...yea I like that!
Really liking Howard Stern on AGT this year
RT on stage at prsms Nice belt buckle!
appreciate your emails but I got at least 3 today!!
ZirMed is planning to attend HIMSS this year!
Let me know if you are a ZirMed client attending
Indeed!
Love what you guys are doing and wish you the best!
Had fun hanging with my friend Chantell tonight!
Always a good time.
Team lunch at Five Guys!
Don't miss the Chinese Hiring Manager at the NSA today from 10am4pm at 814 East Third Street!
Maybe this could be your new career?!
What are some of your favorite Royal Rumble moments.
Tweet Us and let us know.
We will be providing ours this week
i dont know why my brother doesnt like the last a day to remember album, i love it.
Love it!
lmfao..
No it sucks when she's a booty call n still in ya bed lol
thanks!
Mine for you as well.
I have always wanted to work abroad.
doctorvin to Arkansas to play!
Just cooked the worlds best egg
Sigh.
That's life/fandom/the Internet.
I just want to tell you, I'm very happy I saw you tonight!
:
You cannot say filthflarn filthflarn filth in front of people.
No problem and agreed!
Can't wait to read the anthology.
Thank you so much for your delicious contributions to our fashionmassacre!
You rock!
Wow...what a great hustle play by Avery Bradley.
Sprint back  contest!
Yes!
Love Dirk!
RT : MLB has changed its mind and Dirk will now throw out the first pitch for Game 3 in Texas.
Awesome!
RT : we were honored to be an
Lmao You A Freshman?
2011 Sure Things: A.J.
Green and Patrick Peterson.
2012 Sure Things: Andoctorw Luck and Trent Richardson
time cldnt be any slower!!!!
yeah i had similar thoughts.
but i guess any medium can be used for either.
i tend to follow those who share resources
RIP Adam Yauch.
You really pissed off my parents, and I'll always love you for that.
Yup.
Subscription gone.
Thanks for being more cordial/reasonable than the mods on your forums.
I felt insulted by them.
That's awesome.
No charred ice?
Did you see that Portlandia sketch?
thanks 4 the awesome show in sf last nite!
I even bought the puppies tshirt frm ur bro matt.
I wanted 2 say hi 2 u but 2 shy
hahah for real let me know

RT OK but could BC beat the Columbus Blue Jackets???
Find out why Darren was BLOWN OFF in 5 minutes!!
Doors open at 9.
Or you can win VIP passes to get in early with Hot 107.9
Ikr!
Smh I still don't think it was better than when a man loves a woman though but it was close
I dont like the spurs
YES!
RT : WPSLElite is serious  sustainable effort by Zanelli, Ferrara to bring cold realism to women's football in the US.
Yes we39;ve heard.
Karen may use for homeschool doctorma class.
They loved nanowrimo!
I'm gonna be the best, the best that I can be whatever it takes, i know i can make it, i can make it through
we movin to the top who comin wit us
IT'S ALIVE!
Sweating off this pussy!!
lol
and do you know their twitter?
Lol sorry for all these questions :o
Negative Ghost rider.
O Sicilian Meatball Flatbread sounds delicious!
We'll have to try that at Thursday's Happy Hour!
getting super excited!
:
Blair, Young, and Fields.
geothermal, wind and shale gas bring WV opportunities when postcoal economy sets in.
Look forward to story
Omg I love my villa jv we killed it out there gurlys 
There is a new IPod app that translates Jay Leno into funny.
hahah how so?
you guys look awesome I need to talk to you about some pricing want to keep our biz local
Please become friends with 1dogrescue
Home from 4 hours dancing and I'm still not tired
UPN RT : Lifetime RT : HBO RT FOX : WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON??!???!?!
so true
RT : Lovely.
Just doctorbbled 3 large doctorps of hot choc on white skirt.
Is too late to start today over?
// Tide Stick!
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
RT : We're getting some movement on IgnoreTheKardashians !
Keep it up, twinions!
Also you two, where's MY book deal?
Have written 22 WORDS SINCE SEPTEMBER!
recognition?
the importance o hats during wartime cannot be overstated.
Hello november hello november hello november!
Thanks for the mention and follow on this Friday: , , and 
.
Wine doctornking all weekend longBest.
Weekend.
Ever..
Interested in filming segment ?
I would have thought they'd pump more collagen into the handles of that one.
I'm so cold  tired today.
I need a heated body suit.
Lol
I heard you!
lol
I mean don't take it to the asscrack
Philly Sports: Pittsburgh International Childoctorns Festival to offer tentfuls of fun  Pittsburgh PostGazette
Working on my 2passions 2day fitness and designing swimwear Life is God!!
i see you
Np mind gone
Ryu can beat the shit out of Chun Li and that's cool.
YOU TOTALLY TOOK MY SHIRT.
I STILL CAN'T FIND IT.
YOU TOOK IT.
Peach Ciroc?
Don't mind if I do.
Own my first bottle :D
Love pop chips!
Any shops interested in carry PaperTrail, feel free to email us with inquiries 
Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed
I figured Seattle would have been higher...
but, the college town domination makes sense, I suppose.
Just because your auto correct doesn't mean your always correct
Analyzing census data.
Saved file called sex.pnga graph of gender distribution.
Realized it might seem like something very different.
Jim Furyk oversleeps and misses Barclays proam, disqualified..
Does Jim have PTO he can use?
Speaking of my bday ; being a good baker means I usually have to make my own cake if I want one :/
just went to a history talk in which I had a panoramic view of like 20 old white men in tweed
I'd like to see a noncelebrity say that halftime show was worth a crap...
sometimes it's the old ones that are the best.
I'm writing about fans of isanyoneupwanna chat?
I guess I will get up and get on the floor, but I doctorw the line at dancing the dinosaur.
is prepping some news for Thursday  and it won't be an April Fool's joke!
Keep an eye out for notes from us!
Sometimes you gotta cut off your finger to save your hand!
OH CRUD.
YOU HAVE A STUPID SOCCER GAME TONIGHT.
and you wonder why we don't get along..
have you ever seen the show
Happy to have our Friday regulars tonight!
RT : Looking forward to my usual Friday night practice
my pleasure.
Thanks for sharing the great quote :
hulkhogan was my hero in the 80s wrestling every Saturday
my opinion is right now that 10m a year is better out of redev .
Gen fund  is more valuable then redev  right now
male patron: i can tell you that you are a pretty girl, because i'm an older man.
me: no, i don't think that's how it works.
Bad boys aint no good, Good boys aint no fun
ON THE STREETS OF LOS ANGELES: CicLAvia AT DODGER STADIUM
I just want to kiss you all over.
what do you mean?
I love falling into Q's arms hahaha!
HATE that movie.
Didn't like the remake, either.
you never see that much blood in a baseball game.
should make you happy to be at espn where food is important.
Million dollar question: how is the food at Bristol cafeteria?
Thanks, Elvis.
no, not the speedos!
2 days and 6 hours until the doctorft!!!
I'll be alone in a hotel room.
Be prepared for hundoctords of tweets.
keep my name out of dis i got nun da do wit dis
dfwsem it's ok I can vouche for you!
gaslampstripclubISasteakrestaurant from a San Diego native :
Sharkey loves me.
Robert Gallery to the Broncos?
I listened in the car, fun interview.
Doc Smith?
You're referencing Doc Smith on Twitter?
You are a BADASS.
Skylark Three FTW!!!
list of phone numbers to landlines, WAMU customer assist no.
w/ old bank acct info, diagram/jpg Future as a walled city
: Noted , I'll be working on making that happen.
Be safe
I heard you love the F'real Milkshakes!
We do too and we want to give you a giant foam hand to show our appreciation
23 k's i thought the analog controls were gay!
Thanks Doll!
Everyone's telling me to beware the Klout.
Are you liking it?
Had grassfed Delmonico Steaks for dinnersuch a comfort food!
Thanks to free market policies, income hoarding by the wealthiest 1 is equivalent to 1929 levels.
Welcome to the New Gilded Age.
YOU'RE FINALLY VERIFIED!3
how insane would it be if EDC had lazer tag???
Happy hump day  giving thanks for fabulous new followers
Seen some man sleds on trailers today.
Season is officially over.
Sad face
The fact we have tickets to the first game of the second round of the NBAPlayoffs for the seems like a stretch at this point.
Any time is a good time to start a company  Ron Conway, SV ANGEL
rbms09 The print keepsake on the history of the preconference is well under way
RT : Keep your challenges in check.
What do you take for granted?
The world is not so fortunate Bill Clinton
Field trip time :D
Talk Directly With A Locksmith Call Us Today 3357969
but you conjugated correctly!
thanks bro i appreciate that!
POTUS must govern 4 ALL Americans, not 1 community.
POTUS could no more target jobs 4 blks than GOP for the rich.
That IS
Another beautiful day in Atlanta.
70's and sunny.
Should b a great night for baseball.
Go Crew!
Thanks for finding, returning and delivering my bag.
BBQ at my crib last night got messy in the late hours.
3 broken shot glasses, 2 broken Newcastles, a missing chair and lots of dog blood.
its too late to go to school .
glad its raining now than later :
Tomorrow's gonna be a big day!

As I remember it, the worst on your feet is the stopping  lol!
Do you fight for my gay friends?
My atheist friends?
My Muslim friends?
My Jewish friends?
No.
You want control everyone.
Ick.
Give out what you want to receive :
Yay!
It's a new year.
Happy International Women's Day!
nope!
that song is dirty!
Looking forward to your 2012MAC talk on Thursday.
How the hell can you consolidate education with another agency?
Apparently, the GOP thinks we have the right to remain stupid.
They just outro'ed Dave Grohl  Butch Vig with LMFAO.
hey beautiful 3
this weather puts me in such a glum mood
Gasol and Bynum with the meeting on the court.
Rare.

OMG Doug!
Just watched your Ronco spot!
Took me back 30 years!
What fun!
Amy but usually Nikolao.k.
I like a little stability in my life.
This sub is not as soggy as I wanted it to be :
This is embarrassing 
When your doctoraming with a broken heart waking up is the hardest part
two more coming your way on wednesday, 29 february.
final mixing scheduled for that day.
what a journey.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
45 Private pilates classes from certified, experienced instructors.
No packages to buy.
Pay as you go.
Make the social sharing icons bigger is the new make the logo bigger.
Valuable trip  SILS was to community college lib where a classmate worked.
Small group, very informative, sticks with me years later.
I would be better if you could teachmehowtodougie now thatd be SWAG :
It's beautiful!
OMG IM MAKING A JUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO WHO WANTS IN???!?!?!?!
Anyone use songwriting as therapy?
Or anything else?
Wow, that's beautiful!
Like I said today's an kinda day...
Watching The Descendants!
I agree!
If you wanna win my heart you dont need looks , you need a heart too 3.
Plus, LilWayne often pushes kids' academic literacy and their concepts of it a lot further than their ELA teachers do.
Jessica just sent an email to all of writing services!
But she didn't name me, so I'm just joshin' ya.
It's sad and embarrassing but my polisci grade is so far my worst, so I need to rock in this final.
maybe I will nut sack!
Dear Pearson, Would they have eaten my uncle?
He wears sleeveless shirts.
Your friend, Mario.
3rd grade.
o I feel the same way right now
then I guess you can go.
Yea not really but I'm off here til later
I love hummingbirds.
One of my favorite things about going to NM.
:
teaching allows an opportunity to create a safe place to explore the possibilities!
The singer then makes those possibilities into REALITY!
Traffic is going to suck but so worth it to sleep 7.5 hours
y is it so late
yep.
In Finland.
Season seats don't go that far.
However...
Oct 27th.....?
Starting a new run program in the morning.
Pretty psyched.
Needed new motivation
Oklahoma is gonna lose!!
lol
: Fool me once, Shame on you Fool me twice, Shame on me Fool me 350,000 times, you are a weather man.
get ya every time.
Garcia out already.
Another rough night for the BP.
If there was 5 more sec after ConnorTeahans steal would have had another windmill right around year anniversary of last years
hey, seems like fun!
Yum, I vote u do it  then bring me some : No I haven't but I really want 2 pickle grn beans  grn tomatoes
yeah I heard there's a black corolla sport ready to pick you up !
Lmao
What you gonna do?...Barbeque or mildew?
A full day to catch up on writing projects!
Some had MAJOR damage some Minor But All Fine!!
I'm Mentally exhausted!
follow back monster?
Too much on my mind I wish I could just go blank!
YOur welcome Curtis!
Special greeting to 6 interesting folks...
Check out our newly designed FB page!
How do you like it?
Hey there delayedoctorsponse ...sorry!
Feeling pretty good.
Hope ur 2012 is off to a great start!
haha i think i might die..
But i think it'll be worth it :
Sorry it's been a minute since we have been on!
Up and running!!!
Goodnight...sleep well!!
Playing golf for business and so far not embarrassing myself!
Haha I can't stand old style books...
Or southern books
High of 94 before noon is inexcusable.
A/C in my 2002 pickup already let me know that it can't hang.
Gonna be a long hot summer in
Bold statement!
RT : as a life long mets fan  fmisterseason tix holder, We don't trust ownership and don't want them to have our money
My clothes don't match today, that's in, right?
Happy Martin Luther King Jr.
Day!
Black people KNOW how to keep you from taking a nap.!
ShootOnThis Man.!
: i don't think we can be friends anymore.
:P
The future lies before you like a field of doctorven snow.
Be careful how you tread it, for every step will show.
HahaRT Lovin your improvements in the NE system.
Can I get a retweet for believin in you and getting crap for it?
The sad thing is, a lot of people really be thinking their opinions really matter.
At mutt lynch's in Newport!!
Love this place!!!!
We're live at the College Expo in Ontario, CA, promoting the I Can Afford College campaign!
i graduate on Tuesday.
its bout to be crazy.
ClassOf2011  danielle
Lol is a clown.
Words heard on Vilsack call 1: CASFP  Child and Adult Care Food Program

Your Such A Creep .
Appearing live WOLB 1010am wolbbaltimore.com right now taking about preventing child abuse.
Tune in or make a call 410481100 or 8777041010
crying causes puffiness.
watch out!
cheer up buttercup!
:
thx for the follow!
a pleasure.
Wish u the same!
Off to SoCal with for a long weekend.
Hoping for some sun.
See you Monday!!
If I had the time to sit down and write a thankyou note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful wor
Diddy got so much money thats all he can rap about mostly all his verses he mention he worth billion he made forbes 1 richest artist
I WANT TO BE OVER YOU/THIS.
:
lmaoo i didnt mean in a bad way !
oh because you're SO shy.
same: ill reply in the morning I'm going bed night:
true, but it does get 7 days on a charge.
And with 5M so far, they definitely have the time and money to improve any issues.
In the age of segregation, Washington D.C.'s Howard Theatre was one of the 1ST large venues to welcome black audiences  performers
You know why they call it a XBOX 360?
Because when people see it they do a 360 and turn around and walk away!
Oh..
Looks like our Twitter account was hacked...sorry if you got a weird, direct message from us.
You gotta doctorw a line in your hustle...
just cause we are saucy
Will Smiths kid performing at the Grammies is a perfect example of; Its not what you know its who you know Or n this case who ur related to.
It Be Scary And Thundering !
it might not be your problem, but the sidebar on docs.redhat is slow to load and has a lot things that I don't need...cont
YAY!!!
Thank the lord for system recovery..
SAVED!!
Stalberg scored twice against Denmark today.
I bet Kruger whispered We're playing the Blue Jackets to him before the game.
Much as I love this song, I'm not sure it really showcased Jermaine's voice as well as it could have.
Michelle Williams...looking lovely...as usual
i know bro its pissing me the fuck off
did u delete your facebook??
Follow along with
because both can produce a few notes,and they are never put with the wrong end in front!
the simple matter of a fact is you did not know the answer and act as though you did,read and learn.
well fuck back to mediocrity
re Brighton's fast sounds like Augustus, fr Streuwelpeter
When Fort Sumter was fired upon and hostilities broke out, the Lamon family was no stranger to divided loyalties.
More on the morrow.
Hittin the studio early tomorrow morning gotta get it in!!!
and killed the preparty mix and now its time for CLUB 100 with and myself!
PIPA Protesting SOPA/PIPA today?
Great!
Tomorrow, what are you going to do to fight the piracy of intellectual property?
Good shit craft!!!!!
I feel like I got over some major writers creator block!
Jump Jive  Wail Salon a great experience for color correction  hair cut...I should know.
doctorve to Frisco, Texas  Michelle worked magic
OK, a little ol' 62 for Tiger.
Guess that home cookin' means something.
Sigh...no luck finding a house in Monterey, CA yet.
It seems to be a case of extremes, too small or too big...and no price quite right.
:
YOU PUT IT DOWN LIKE NEW YORK CITY...
how much dough you make?
Time to hit the high road and get some more resume's out the door and into people's grips!
new song?
Not sure about blue, we need a red ale so we can easily add the Espinoza name to it though.
Wake Up, Wake Up, Time To Stack Ya Cake Up
It's a kind of morning.
I know I sent out the invitations late, but if you haven't given me an rsvp for the wedding let me know whats good via email or fb.
Thx!
THE GREAT BOT PURGE OF 2012
Spending the day tracking down wiffle bats, pinatas, and plungers for
It's good, Idec Nomore cause Ik what I did x what he did so all I ask from him is to keep my NAME out is month !!
Good luck x
You think we smoked enough?
/ Probability.
Spanish project...check.
English paper...barely started.
Lord help!!!!
don't matter
Anyone else having trouble with not working?
SocialMediaTip know more about others then what you should know
GCB makes me want to move to Dallas!
lol.....
almost ;
no coffee  tea: don't know.
I cant mess wit  no more lol
Put gardenfresh green onions in my loaded baked potato salad.
Awesome.
how r u?
thanks lil lady!!!
RT : Nights like this I need a boo thang......oh boy
Playing some cosmic with the gang.
I have had a very busy morning, working on lots of auditions :
watching present at right now.
Texas start ups representing at
Getting a little orange in my life!
skinning......fruit.
Rise  Shine .
.
Its Time To Grind
Taking a break from work to contemplate doctor issues in Video Game Archives.
iPad typing is tough at first before you learn.
Maybe we can help?
Happy Mother's Day to our wonderful Shock moms!!!
is the symbol which many confuse with the Caduceus, and which is a medical symbol.
INTERESTING!!
Way to mess up our history!!
Our family portraits totally rock!
Book with us today, you will love your images.
I remember my first
Just signed up for a free trial of Psyched to begin using this as our citing/research portal!
There has been several,but I took a little from each artist who inspired me and created my own unique sound and style.
Yea, I know.
That's what they all say.
Tanya Brock from will be here on Saturday to teach home canning.
We're pretty excited!
Our waiter literally just said 'I FUCKED UP' when we asked him about my meal he forgot to put in...
I think it's fearless to fall in love with your best friend, even though he's in love with someone else.
Taylor Swift
Just a hurried line...to tell a story which puts the contrast between our feast of the Nativity and all this ghastly Xmas rack
ko same here ready 4 school
I sure hope an samesexmarriage vote happens today.
come on, nyssenate, be heroes!
do what's right!
that is not enough pages!
have fun with that final
er I'll start it in 2 weeks time then.......
Just watched episode 1 of Sports Night.
It made me cry.
Man, I forgot how good that show was.
//4G?!
Lol, no sir!
Sponsored wifi hubs means revenue generator not wasted expense.
Investment  added incentive.
Your school at www.varsityjackets09.com we rock Pittsburgrh
new music project very excited!
stay tuned!
Shirt Guy Direct  Call 9542458380  Uniforms, embroidery, printing and more.
We service PembrokePines Broward Dade and
this spring break is gonna be too live with all this cash
Smaller crowd than I expected at tedxhuntsville  maybe they are late?
I have the biggest lesbian crush on Miley Cyrus.
I'm obsessed with her.
She's perfect.
Upcoming fundoctorising event!
February 19th  Poway Fun Bowl!!!
More info to come  please calendar it and join us!!!!
August Vollmer, police chief in Berkeley in 1909, required training and education, and that officers be uninvolved in politics.
good luck then!!
Due to gas shortages, the City of Albuquerque has closed for Friday, February 4.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Wondering if She Will
question of the night, who would win the NBA title if the Nuggets played against the Knicks?...talk amongst yourselves...
Like Alice Cooper would say schools out for summer
My 12 year old cousin is doing more things this weekend than i am :
Once Love is, it always will be...
I appreciate those who can do that!
And I laugh my ass off in your/their honor.
Crossed into Iowa and already snowflakes.
Heard my hometown as blizzardlike conditions.
Should be an interesting trip.
Yeah a'a you know what it is!!!!!!!!Black and Yellow Black and yellow,Black and Yellow Black and yellow
Hope you are hanging in there!
now get up ahead of spurs!
listening to your mixtapes  wanna be a dj like u someday  hope to get an interview with u on our radio show soon thx fam!
For The Wanted!
If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?!
:D ps.
I love you!
3
ILoveeee You Twin!!!!!!
Must meet Shania Twain.
Must meet Adele.
Must meet Duffy.
Must meet Fran doctorscher.
Must meer Courtney Love.
Must meet Margaret Cho.
girl I done even know!
What's up?
Hey SAG friends!
Please vote for my awesome friend Woody Schultz in the Hollywood Division Election!
He's 32, and with Unite for Strength!
What is the deal with sports starting so late on the west Coast??
Everyone in the world should run on the same clock.
: Thank you for this!
At least KU lost to the best team in the country.
he gave a good talk
If you like Pittsburgh hip hop take a listen and follow , recording artist/producer/ owner at Records.
Jesus Christ Holy mackerel that's a lot of cabbage  my elderly Asian doctor, as we discuss poker and tournament buyins
: i love pissing people off That's because you have nothing else to do.
What does compassion w/in loving kindness mean?
RT : not always giving in to the first instinct to be nice
only kinda..
lol..
it feels like I'm naked, but it feels so much better!
He's really gentel with me:
Jacob Fred Jazz Odyssey is killin' it at the Blue Wisp right now!
when you're making the argument that Tim Thomas was motivated, its not helping your cause.
That is such my guilty pleasure  that and
Finished a song tonight.
First she prayed for my job situation.
Then she got off track and told me about men....
Are you having an indoor Super Bowl Party at your church or school?
If so, give us a call to reserve one of our new inflatables!
GhettoEasterBasketItems Melted Chocolate wit ants on it!!!
My Bday for 4 month!
I can't wait my 18 :
Cry baby, cry.
HQ looking better, meeting with canvassing team Thanks for all the calls and emails keep em coming
My aunt lives a truly charmed life.
RT : Antlers!
There he is, missed the wide open one inside of 30 seconds.
time to miss 2 at the line.
The new website looks fantastic!
The network diagram is really cool.
well thank you, sir
RT Hey , let's make a video while you are in okc, yeah?
Nice walk.
I better get used to it.
I have a HUGE list of people to thank for Discovery NASASocial, but must sleep now.
Will try again this wknd.
Meanwhile, know you rock!
:
After Hours Blog : Theater Review: The Book Club Play
first show in 2.5 years tonight...nervous much
Speaker thinks antikickback laws are anticapitalist.
Huh....
Oo
Enjoy!
I'm enjoying my 15 myself.
spring: when the new cold was the old warm
cool, man.
thanks!
will do.
where's that interview we did?
online?
huevos con papas at buffalo grille  perfect way to start a sunday
Tom Hanks might just be my favorite narrator.
To the wall...
I dyed my hair 2 weeks ago and my friends are noticing it right now lol
Ha, nope, just saw your screen cap.
Still, I'm doubtful that it'd work on me; I've done my Limbaugh time!
hello toots!
hope your weather is as nice as it is here.
well yeah.
That's what happens when some jerks in congress hold Stafford loans hostage.
don't make plans Saturday!
Look such a state, it's actually hilarious as I couldn't give a flying fuck :'.
derpin' around, you know us ;
School go away I want to sleep in :/
Duke doesn't deserve to be a 1 seed
Tweet tweet, tweet tweet...
so glad you hopped on board.
Dude what's with some of these girls?
there all so needy!!
I mean get you own fuckin dinner i'm not coming over to serve your ass
Ktown til I lay down...
bet it up or don't play at all..
Don't u hate when ex's say all this stuff about a relationship that she WASN'T doin?
Like ...
STFU
.., But it was a cute outfit
Every girl is capable of murder if you hurt her.
Get Him To The Greek is by far the funniest movie I have seen in a long time!
Go see it when it comes out!
When you're single and in your 20s, you throw on a pair of jeans and look fabulous.
Sheena Easton
Sounds like a plan hit me up asap 9104947955
OK so I'm at the library and there is just too much kookoo to not talk about.
There's homeless guy with 3 broken laptops quoting The Matrix
I saw Al Jaffee speak the other night in Philly, he said all rights to Superman were sold by Siegel/Shuster for 65.
;
Hmm about to go workout, or should I?
Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway.
You hardly see homeless black people, well atleast I don't.
I've ran across alot of ones who don't want sht out of life though.
If I change the world for you I bet you wouldn't have a clue 3 Iwant to love me too haha 3
I know, I know  it's been crazy.
We're overdue for a Lazy Dog rendezvous.
Today was the perfect Sunday...
Bagels , Adventuring, organizing, Italians, sun, relaxation, cookout...
What more could I want ?
Its amazing what a week away from technology will do.
you are most welcome :
Just wrapped an exciting meeting w/ the Ojai Music Festival peeps!
Upset with the loss yesterday but the CATS will be better for it !!!
LOVE THE BIG BLUE !!!!!
I love and person of interest
U.S.
Stocks pared gains final trading hour; still kicked off May 1th on a positive note.
Dow finishing best closing high since December 2007
The only people who truly know your story are the ones that helped you write it.
You know I doctoram in colors, and do the things I want
what u think about yuni b now
Woke up this morning and emptied out my Google Reader of post from last year.
Just too many to catch up on.
NYC passed Zone Green, amendments that will remove zoning impediments from measures that will make buildings more environmentally friendly
Hi Zan!
: ur one of my inspirations i would love for u to follow me : a total doctoram come true if that happend : ILOVEYOU !!:
You make me smile 
At the stupid dentist office.
Fml
He tweeted he made a keek tellin his fans to come so I went I didnt expect to be in the photoshoot with him it was a shock
Neva have i ever met such an actin character like dis bitch eva n my life...
: Austin is like that person in college that you both loved to hang with and knew that you would never be one percent as cool as.
Close enought to hurt me
my ATT service is terrible at the ATT center.....
hey ha u followin mug friend
Apps that connect/replace med devices may be subject to regulation or review by FDA.
Just a reminder that the SBDC consultants are unavailable for appointments this week.
If you would like a future appointment, call Cathy...
what kind of tracks
Good news: My new doctorver's license picture looks only slightly creepier than my old doctorver's license picture.
lol idk...
I guess.
It's quiet when I doctorp her off...
LOL

Santorum and Sixx on same show.
That a regular heaven n' hell tour.
Way to go Piers!
RT : Rule of thumb, theaters: If you've begun rehearsals, you should have sent out press releases.
For today being mothers day, my mom is sure inna bitchy mood can't stand her right now.
Hope that her mood changes.
making rainbow cupcakes for my friends bday.............
Hopefully they come out good
TRAFFIC: Crash  Odana Rd in front of Smart Toyota.
Taking a break when working out can be important, don't push so hard that your body will give out during your next exercise
Why not Randi?
no goodmorning text!
hahaha damn nigga.
Bout time you started speakin tha truth Lmao i'm proud of you.
Good job haha
oh!
I'm going to be out of town for most of that day but I'll definitely see what I can do :
Primary Callers having a mini dance party to get everyone energized and ready to have a great night of calling!!
I've heard leprachuans live on the east coast...jewish leprachauns.
Is that true, Joshie?
Looks like you just used it!
It was really light like that when I was younger.
And why don't you do it?!
speaking from experience, YES
Yep lonngggggg day ahead of me today.
That's a very good point.
I look more often at the professorssional posts of people who post random personal stuff too.
Ok.
I lost the email.
Can u DM me your email and I will get back to u quickly
RT : Happy September  Happy National Library Card SignUp Month!
The smartest CARD in your wallet FREE  your local library
Stand up to Monsato, no more GMO corn or alfalfa!
Almost all corn is GMO, helps stop this!
what's the story with your comfort guarantee?
would love to.
I'm around all day.
Happy no pizza at DevIgnition.
Hopefully some sandwiches with no cheese
I feel awful for Robin.
Mono is so cruel to this sport.
Heading to the Apple Store to see if they can replace my charger that isn't working ;o
romney comes from polygamous family, yet says Marriage is between ONE man  ONE woman...Doesn't that mean HIS ancestors were NOT married??
Scotland Yard: Three Olives Cocktails tonight for only 3!
The Kind Brothers are playing at Water Street , stop by before and after the show
You are what you eat....Hmm, That's funny...I don't remember eating a bowl of sexy lately.
Thank you to all who came out to support School 33.
A special thanks to the artists who donated their work.
So glad my street isn't flooded!!!!!!
since you're offering...I'll take a box of thin mints :
Win Cash amp; Books!
Twitter Party May 8gt; 8 p.m.
EST Follow UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
ok, sounds good.
Thank you for the hospitality and dinner with Much appreciated!
what up tonight
Welcome back, everyone!
VIRGO is new, the Hive is new, and our group study room is new...
but we're still here to help, just like always!
most of the time I laugh at your tweets, but there are moments that I'm just like dafuq.
this is one of those moments.
STOP LYINNNNNNN KID
bleeh.
sitting in health.
super bored .
someone should talk to me.
I agree, esp w/ copyright lawsuits happening.
Life is great, so much is happening!
We need to catch up, r u visiting LA soon?
we all have our up and down days.
It gets better.
Went to the dentist today...
:/
My dad left me so I promise to never repeat him never repeat him...
would be a great hire coming of his NCAA Tournaments stuff..they need big help in that conference, borderline midmajor right now
excited to head to the bay area for my bday.
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
Open Source Bridge con is over.
Lots of smart people, interesting sessions, and creative ideas!
Now for dinner and to pack for the trip hom
did I leave a sweatshirt in your class?
Only on the main line can you pay at a gas station with a 100 bill and they don't check if its fake.
hey twitter let me tell yall a stoty
Sprints data network crashes the same week Verizon releases the storm!!!
I am not happy!
More a reason I may have to switch!
seriously thinking about writing a fanfic.
This letter is for someone who just missed states last year!
He didn't?
Oh, must have been the other one.
Pretty sure I'd be a genius if I hadn't killed off so many brain cells with my daily brain freezes.
I could comfortably live in a room this big and this cheap until my late 20s.
That's the difference between us.
I got the dirt cheap gene.
Congrats on the Grand Opening this weekend !
Dan will be there sampling Sat 5/12 from 6  9pm!
aye no I don't lol see how mean you are lol
NFL doctorft turns into dealathon with teams swapping 1stround picks at every turn  Washington Post
I don't always shoot threes....
but when I do, they are game winners.
The most LINteresting man in the world.
hey sweet tea we don't care,we'll continue to annoy you anyway.
...Hope in God, for I will yet praise Him, The help of my countenance and my God.
ps 42:11
Thanks for shaing the link!
Lola!!!
Yea, I'm in love with her too ;
Oh I'll show you I can spice it up!
:p
At work and my ears still have that womp womp buzz crackle from last nights Moombahton Massive.
Truly Epic.
Thanks
Good luck today!
We still feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to be in your audience!
I miss you to  i havent talked to you in forever.
:
All of them?
I can't find my damn backpack
Just arrived at motionball2012 to set up the charity gallery!
It's gonna be epic.
I bet those figurines attached to your dashboard are your only friends.
Very Embarrasiing Confession: as a woman of a certain age and shape, I have been pondering Debra Messing's wardoctorbe w/interest.
i wanna rest.
Bye
It was a magnificent trip, through a barely touched wilderness, with daily performances by bears, moose and caribou
My roommate is a robot...don't ask how I know...
Thank U all very much for the follow!
Looking forward to your tweets!
:
r u gonna post them :
At the ATT warranty/support office.
Weird place.
Weird people waiting.
Trade 6 hrs of volunteering for  get a pass to the music fest on May 1112 in return.
Email to sign up!
I need to take my vitamins P:
I want one
excellent!
Post a link when it's published!
I guess it was back in the 90's before frappuccinos.
Flipping a cup  bar meant decaf and logo forward meant cappuccino
you can't even punch lol :P
unfortunately don't have quite the contract has...im back after thanksgiving.
You know, they say that slamming and breaking things is not solving anything, but it makes you feel better, for the moment.
lol
First step from curing an addiction, Admitting you have a problem hahaha jk love you XP
Yea I'm still up..tired den a mf
Thought I had something clever to say but...no..I'm like a timeline speedbump
you think kevin car for the daytona 500 is better than the shootout car?
Best news we've heard all day!
RT : I'm coming to see you today!!
Reading pet peeve: Nonfiction picture books for childoctorn without bibliography, sources.
Please tell us about your research!
Chicago tonight with my college roommates....
Off the road tomorrow....
leggggoooo
MT : media Chicago ONLY reports violence!!!
They see it's ongoing issue but YET to propose a viable solution!
SALARIED INSTIGATORS
so how is my painting coming along?
Follow your twitter nose
I ain't even gonna comment on the Heat today.
I have no words
At WGI PIW finals.
Some great groups so far and it's only gonna get better
Boys With Bright Smiles
Trying to figure out how to make National History Day part of our world history curriculum.
Does anyone have experience?
Abusive words..can last a lifetime...Abusive words can kill a child's confidence all their lives...Abusive words leave lasting scars...
No !
: Ugh.
Democratic convention in NC.
UGH.
Where is all this heat in Portland coming from?
I was just starting to get mentally prepared for the crispy days of fall...
sounds exactly like something I would do!!
::sigh:: so exhausted :
Asked dude  Sprts Authrty where fanny packs R.
Oh man, his face.
Ddnt explain it's 4 running, or that they're back in, or that I'm awesome.
RT : Still passing out flyers and talking to voters.
Come in and vote!
do you know what we do with the beeds:D
Can't wait to see it :.
You make me throb.....
Haha!
Ben picking Courtney.
I'm kind of glad he did tho.
I think the other girls were too good for Ben.
Especially the Aggie!!
Peter Jackson Responds to Criticism Towards The Hobbit and 48 FPS Projection
If rental yields are good, why not?
aren't you the reigning champion?
I dont understand why media is up in arms over the UK/IU game.
Cal owes us this game?I think most couldnt care less if we ever play IU again
he's on the 36th floor; I just don't know what building..:p
wobble de wobble de wob wobble wobble.
sta staking my paper my wallet look like a bible.
Nice!
RT : just the good old fashioned, house smoked...
now oven roasting chicken from your shop in the bacon fat!
IM a sneaky ninja !
Wow just saw on the news a couple killed their 2nd baby by sleeping with them in bed...how you let that Shit happen a 2nd time
Yea homie got it.I'm not sure how to use this myself.Lol!Yea man everything is great!I'll give you a call.Need to talk to you.
Welcome to The Tribe, Francisco Lindor.
17 yr old switch hitting SS.
Should be a vacuum on D w/ a nice offensive game to boot.
this office smells like bagels.
i thought that would be a good thing, but after two days i'm not so sure.
altmusic took off, commercially, in the 90s.
During the 80s, alt just wasn't getting press or hitting mainstream radio
So stressed
I have been around.
Just getting ready for the playoff games tonight.
Just had some kumquats!
I'm energized.
Copper Whale Inn is the hidden treasure of downtown Anchorage.
Good rooms, great people, solid rooms.
RT Is there something I shouldn't say when am at Allen FieldHouse?
Watched a documentary on World Class last night.
Soon as I get outta bed I'm gonna have to pour a little o my 40 out for the Von Erich boys.
Somebody nees to shoot dis son of a bitch
i was fluent when i was little, but lost every bit of it when i had no one to speak it with
Im gonna sleep the whole day on saturday!!!
Today in 1986, Take My Breath Away was a hit.
I hate everybody...and you're next.
If you ain't working as hard as me...then we don't belong in the same room.
We have the right to withhold RTTT  if states don't follow through says  People are watching
lol I hate it
About to easy more cereal and call it a night
I am sad for my bestie she said goodbye to her dog today after 10 years of love and affection and LOYALTY!
RIP Tater
Love dinner time
Watching a movie chillin
holy fuck its already 8.
i thought it was like 5.
the fuck.
That's how they do it down south.
My Granny is always Ms.
Zelma.
Jiri just discovered the first archaean ever recorded on human skin, we think, in a guy's bellybutton.
Go team.
lol check what I just posted on fbook hahaha
not at all.
: I was interested to know.
Good grief!
Birds chirping.
Time to sleep.
Not Cleveland is my guess ha
Oh my gosh.
That's horrible.
Winter seems to be getting shorter every year.
Robert Duvall just gave me such a GENEROUS endorsement for my book coverit really made me feel wonderful.
Happy Monday.
Sunny  warmer at the beaches  75 expected.
Muggy inland  80s  chance of mountains storms later.
People have been leaving Wisconsin since Scott Walker took office.
Wait until he wins easily on June 5th.
This State is run by a Dictator.
Are you making me cry so I shed the tears you couldn't
Curious who won the PC versus Mac donation debate?
Mac!
92.75 to 59.
Next up?
iOS versus Andoctorid!
Your doctorams of becoming a townie have finally been realized!
Saying sorry doesnt mean there isnt guilt and forgiving doesnt mean the pain is gone.
ben shouldn't have to explain himself, but maybe they'll shut up now.
RT : Jets are after Tim Tebow because of Rex Ryan.
Remember, Ryan needed paramedic care after Tebow's 95 1/2yard doctorve.
Happy to have seen the Beastie Boys perform in NOLA, with Sonic Youth and the Pixies opening.
MCA, RIP.
aw.
just met my new nephew, Bryson Gael.
how adorable.
but he def looks mexican mexican.
not white mexican like me.
haha.
Hopped up on coffee  80's music blasting.
Absolutely gorgeous morning out here at Naval Air Station Coronado.
Rready for my1st Hornet F18 flight.
Yikes, what was I thinking!
Adam Levine of Maroon 5 spotted in DC today
Met wrestler Sean Michaels this morning on set.
Threw me back in time to when I would play WWF on Nintendo w my cousin.
Well, this is 1967 before he was John Barry.
Also, Baraka was most wellknown as a music critic/writer before Dutchman.
Wow, thank you for your words.
I've been wondering what IS UP w/ my Vikes!
Love u all, but it is GO or NO time!
SKOL!!!
Ah, got all the updates installed on my Mac.
Feeling virtuous!
In NYC with Had breakfast with the amazing Sandy Kenyon of ABC.
great stories  personality.
Going shipping now!
the Moabite, you must also acquire the wife of the deceased,b so as to perpetuate the name of the deceased upon his estate.
Torah 81/99
nope me nor brownie
RT uloveit RT : I cannot walk past the hiking part of a sporting good store thanks to Kili and
I hate you ESPN!
Stuck watch RedSux.
BostonLoving Bean Eaters!
GoYankees!
My dog is  the vet.
He has to be put under to have a split nail removed.
My poor buddy can't catch a break.
Less distinction between for professort and not for professort in the social world.
Quiz tests knowledge of Alzheimer's: Alzheimer's is a natural stage of aging  true, all seniors eventually get Alzheimer's; ...
Thank you for the kind RTs  MTs  appreciated!
it's 12.25am, I should go to bed.
You don't want to come at me, you enjoy the outcome.
If you start it you better be ready to finish it...
hey tonsil jockey
getting excited!
the crowning was spectacular I think they all deserve to win love
Im riding the pony express, don't worry the pony is not u its that fat dude that was dancing at the game
Watchin tom nd calvin cut my grass
Flipboard is flippin awesome, imagine a magazine with all you are interested in and new things you now know you are interested in...
the slate if we work it out.
But what if the person is not there or not aware?
First night sleeping with hair extensions...
Ouch 
American Idol  Philip Philips is KILLING IT!!!
Love you!!!
I am half way through the week.
I can't wait for Friday.
I'm one hilarious little one.
YESSIIRR!
Lol Vinny, were normal, really.
Ridin round my city  I got that Calculater
yay!
Well done!
Nice to meet you at the dfwseo meetup.
Please add me to the tweepml
Belizean decent, native New Yorker, adopted Puerto Rican transplant Californian and well travelled.
multicultured.
Happy!
My life!
Also, the 99 percent is not all the same!
Tons of important differences that get lost in the statement, We are all equal.
AskNathan are you excited to come back to New York?
I know i am ; 3
You get your braces off TODAY !!!!!
:D You should wear your puka necklace; MahomieMemories 33 ARE YOU EXCITED??!?!?!?
young has poor effort.
Monta is fast and gives max effort.
This douche Oracle MC has nothin on
I don't think the Secret Service were securing hookers just for themselves.
At least one of the 21 hookers may have been for BHookerO!!
: great album with the Mads Vinding trio!
thanks again.
I agree!
RT : in reorg'ing our freezers, I see we need to incorporate green chile into every meal we make over next 3 months
Poet Billy Collins Happening at 3:30pm.
I'm generally 2 edgy for it.
More reasons why I can't do without my many alter ego friends who actually do it.
: God could love ZILLIONS!
It was fun watching zip line today!
Love seeing him have fun in Indy.
Thanks for being such a fun and carefree guy!
RT : You should never depend on others to complete you, you should complete yourself that way you will never be disappointed!
Yeah.
Please let this man get mental help cause lawdd he's crazy!
I had a bomb night last night!!!
: laying down on the dance floor with we are really hard party people.
woo you know it!
Yeah buddy!!!!
RT : Can't wait for AGT tonight!
Good.
: Yemeni officials say top alQaida militant killed in airstrike in the south  
Character professorles from CONTRA COMMAND up on blog  1st time debuting publicly.
Will be hyperlinked in EBook intro.
Where in Sweden?
Min familj är från Hudiksvall  Stockholm RT all Swedish!!!
Born and raised but live in America now!!
:
last night was insane.
had a great crowd of people over getting down with Naughty and Crooked.
THAT WAS AWESOME
M I'm thinking funny, although i could go either way.
I was spared by 12:36pm!
Could it have been the rolling on the floor and screaming where's my yellow submarine?!
that did it?!
Lets be real..
I'll probably end up marrying I've never dated a dude that I love more than him.
I'm so over the shit people do .
Just leave me the fuck alone like seriously .
Like damn .
Fuck you stupid bitch !
Umm so Sublime is my shit right now
I do enjoy your photos...
Linda's new doctorssing room is working out nicely  a little privacy nook next to Clark's office  no peeking ;
Legler on ESPN:  I've fallen in love with the Indiana Pacers the past couple months I see the next series going game 6 or even 7.
I think a part of writing across the curriculum is intended to help student learn to write in ways appropriate for each discipline.
: Pisces hate to be told what to do.
Yes, this is so true!!!
I thought I was alone in that sentiment.
I would take Floyd over Blackmon any day of the week.
Rule 76: No excuses; play like a champion.
Wedding Crashers
After a grueling online waiting game, I scored tix to Kraftwerk's historic MoMA shows in April for TransEurope Express night.
Such a treat!
nm u just being a loser you?
RT Sigh.
Rest in Peace, OV104.
MT : Space Shuttle Atlantis powered down for the final time this morn  10:28am EST.
destandy, thanks for following!
Omg I was just going go tweet You Stacey to see if you are going tonight!
This helped!
Lol
A shirttail relative said, the day of Oakland Gen Strike, Remember, horses can't stand on marbles.
What is up with Baylor Bears uniforms?
Holy Neon!
N'at
Time to rest the starters
Lord!
Hit me on the DM..LOL.
I was trying to get J.
Henry out there since I missed u last wk.
Thank you as well for the new friendship and the neverending laughter!!
The Life: Having great people in it.
Hey fans come join us at for food  doctornks before and after the game..
YES so glad you can make it!
Let the weekend festivities begin!
Woohoo
hey sweetie how you been?
: long time no talk.
What's new?
Some day I want to own my own business and sell BUTT SCRATCHES.
I will be rich
Commercial break
Girl, I know you like it when we're body to body.
If I could say myself, I do agree.
Mike good to know there are others out there that can not put their iPad down.
It's like I birthed a son.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you run into your principal at Home Depot
dead coons and newspapers
I hit 680!!!
Can we hit 700???
Please?
My goal is 1000 followers!
Keep up the good work!
We like them too!
RT : Bluefin tuna from Spain this Fri  Sat Yum.
Must have with best lychee martinis in town!
Mostly getting more folks to walk through the fancy designs we cut into to it ;
did u get any messages from dylan yet?,: i miss him...he probablly never liked me.../3 but im posative he loves u3
Hehe.
There's an A Capella genre station on Pandora.
Can't stop thinking of Andy Bernard.
I got paul pierce on mine already
Hawks funeral started.
Lots of work to be done this offseason.
Need 2nd Ctr, scoring wing, solid Dman  maybe a Goalie.
That's All.
UGH.
On Set.
Fred Sr.
and mister.
Fred Sr.
are doctorpping in to clean house.
;
I'm not threatened.
PLEASE LIKE ME, BRE!!!
game on!
Found you!
LoL!
new shit again
We thought that would be the first one guessed.
Shows what we know.
Enjoy the festival.
New contest tomorrow.
: I was a close third to and on that evening lol.
Ctfu!!
Are those some new shoes?
DWade
I definitely will : I hope our ISCA family is just as amazing next semester so we can hangout often!!
ah.
Young Baumann, the competition continues.
Thank you for the warm welcome.
was at planet fitness today and I wonder if i missed the sign that said having a tattoo was a prerequisite for membership
I gave the people of District 77 the doctornkest years of my life!
Only to have an opponent half my age and half my bra size run against me!
ok, I'll mention that.
Does training need to be ongoing?
What specifically do you need?
I'm thinking the smart oars convo.
Watching more commercials than basketball at the end of the Kansas game is annoying!
Came back from lunch, and now snow is falling on the Row  It's a wintry Friday in Nashville :  LA
You still have time to enjoy one of the many beverage specials Lavazza Premium Espression has to offer through Feb 29!
WOW is all I can say!
CS6 CreativeCloud Amazed how a team build these products and platform!
Kudos to the Digital Media Team!
Expired cliff bars, I throw you out knowing you will feed some future civilization's dependence on petroleum.
It's halftime  SportingKC leads 10 thanks to a goal from , assisted by Bobby Convey.
follow back babygirl
Thanks Jimmy, great to see you too!
Happy New Year!
:
CD101fm Music Meeting Freelance Whales Hannah doctorammy maybe little too pretty
Are people forgetting that 1D got shirtless in America as well?
I mean, hello, poolside photos!
followfriday great source for pop punk news!
Waiting a few minutes before replying to a text, to not seem desperate.
Wendy's would be hella great right now!
How many contacts did the puppy make?
haha me too.
I'll still be at work.
Thanks for sharing!
Have a great weekend!
Christopher Hitchens leads Orwell Prize longlist: The late Christopher Hitchens is one of 18 authors selected fo..
heading out for a swim in the gulf
i am such a bad influence.
but hey, at least i admit it right?
my computer DID cough up blood, and fried its harddoctorve from that lol.
Back that shit UP.
Catch up with all in the morning sleep for now.
you got that right
HBK vs Bret Hart Iron man match for the classic WWE title!
Have a great evening 3 I may be selling a few more pix for charity : Email me for details ;D
Lacing up my running shoes and heading out for a run...
Jr sleep so having a few beers.
I Lost one of my best friends to a song called how to save a life by the journey !.
R.I.P I miss u so much !.
Before u pasted away u said
Imma be seeing a bunch of Prom photos when i wake up tomorrow ':
yes!
You deserve to be proud.
:
Houston for now.
NOLA Friday morning.
Can not wait to get back!
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to doctor mouth
Good morning beautiful people!
hang in there!
It will get better.
Go for the gold medal!
FUTA pays 1/2 of extended unemployment benefits during high unemployment  provides funds which states may borrow to pay unemployment.
I'm watching too.
It's a classic!
Finished class notes early, now for all that other work ; Lists from scratch all the way to functors in one lecture, we'll see how it goes
In a world full of people you can lose sight of it all, and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small.
I gotta C.R.U.S.H.
on you, I love me some you : 
Feeling good and living better!
Quad box in the Zone
Responded to VACATE  140 Van Pelt Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10303 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Too hype for this Pacer game.
Few things in the world are worse than taking a dump in a small bathroom that someone else recently took their own dump in.
I use the program winter on a pc.
Rar files are another zip format.
Most programs that can unzip zip files can unzip rar files.
Sorry I missed you today.
Make sure we meet up tomorrow!
Thanks, we really appreciate the tweet.
Happy Friday!
RT : U have the most convivial HappyHour in San Diego.
Cheers!
Better get to sleep.
I have so many friends to see tomorrow
If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat?
Tom Snyder
I could be a model;D
This firsttime momtobe is in awe of you, and cheering you on!
I need a hint
I like that hashtag
you listen to some weird music.
lol
Adoctoron Wed.
Then the mix.
Heading down the home stretch.
Then the real work of getting our trustnoone movie out there begins.
March Madness guide for women on after the game.
If I'm a woman and I'm watching the game, am I doing it wrong?
it was close though 
lol omg I can picture you screaming after that part.
Omg.
Loll.
Where did you golf this weekend?
audition tomorrow had/have more auditions this past week/this week than i've had...
my life!
I need a helicopter!
I like the syntax too.
When 1st starting the lineendings are tricky for folks not running Flymake.
Tooling problem?
Awesome event!
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Harden read that shit easily
I really wish is could tho.
:
I know :D
Bang Bang Bang Bang, Vamanos Vamanos
thanks for the FF :
i just wanna sing everything today.
I, for one, am glad of the name change.
That DarthDust shit was silly.
Next, get rid of the damn underscore.
wait what?!
Where did you hear this from?
Shit last hour done slowed down
So, maybe we SHOULD go ahead and sign Tejada to play third.
Can't hurt.
Long weekend ahead of us, what are your plans?
You're the best Dani!!
;
Time to change my pic eh?
Wasnt our year anyway next year is the year, i say 50 wins
RT : One of the key lessons I learned was how to listen.
Thank you for your support Dave!
We need Cougars for our video shoot in April.
Wonder if is available?
now that I'm reading the Game of Thrones series, I'm finding the show to be abs.
boring
Comment the new picsI'll return the favor.
He made my day!:
wow that look delicious...
one thing ive noticed about u is that u always eat very well haha I need to be where ur at lmao!
: Rollin with the homies nowwatchin Clueless I love that movie :
Someone be exciting
Maybe should come up with his own submission move ?!?
Call it the mousecatcher !
Meowww !
Who's ready for some and Architecture action?
First 3 to respond gets in free 1 for show!
Good app ideas.
Thanks!
i love imdb.
cool glad that speeded it up a bit.
if u ever want a superfast pc ill have to convert u to a linux user B
I'm getting old and settled I need a hobby!
hehehe
: OMG She's PERSONALLY following the next 50 people that FOLLOW her!
.
Ok Following 101.
Followers 665.1k
thanks for that follow friend!
Largest gathering of bikers in the 31 year history!
thanks ABATE bikers!
I love my white friends!!!
You say you hate doctorma and you don't want it in your life yet you're the ones causing it!
growup!
all ministerial  priest candidates must be very closely scrutinized to eliminate predators
your definition of 'snarky' means 'thoughtful and inclusive', correct?
RIP Dick Clark :
no fuck you
that's what Shelly told me..
Great Times!
The conversation grew!
WOW!
What a neat guy.
Tonight I'm seeing Billy Elliott with a 70 chance of Singing in the Rain
So incredibly excited!
that's it.
last load of laundoctor done!
goodnight all!
...
Look for him to land in Miami
Araceli  her equestrian team getting ready to perform on with Ruben for a preview of tonight's Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo...
Its over...Blazers Win!
10089 over Bulls
He jumped over .300 for a few games.
It's a contract year.
Finally, Stanley Cup champs again!!
Congrats !!
FF Have a great weekend!
i love going to sleep, because i know that when i wake up it'll be one day closer to graduation !
thank the lord !
In a perfect world, McDonald's makes breakfast 24/7.
nw Jumping The Broom.
Our Thoughts and Prayers are with the Community of Chardon.
Can't wait!
Cruel Summer by Bananarama is stuck in my head.
Fuck.
Im feeling like a proud papa, my girls did great on there first go see!
And they are super excited.
Empowering Youth Through Fashion
ahaha awe thanks :
you must host an active game to set pars
I despise t mobile your service sucks so bad.One more month and im done,outta here after 7 years as a customer.I cant call anyone
TRAFFIC ALERT: I39 NB MM 134.
SEMI CRASH INTO THE MEDIAN JERSEY BARRIER.
NO LANE BLOCKAGE, BUT TRAFFIC BACKED UP DUE TO HEAVY VOLUME.
So, if you were a Borders shopper, where will you turn now?
Amazon?
Barnes  Noble?
Your local library?
Sadly, no Friday.
Hes now at hilarities.
Go see him....but Saturday!
Hang w us on Friday night.
doctornk lots
Look forward to seeing your first submissions
Don't write poetry if you're not a poet.
like get a life
Interviewer: And how did that make you feel?
Harry:smiling..Sad..
Zayn: HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
SWEAT IT OUT.
Do you need graduation clothes?
We have everything you need to look your best when celebrating with your family
Wants to go down to the waterfall tomorrow!!
ya I always follow people back!:
meat?
heathen.
LUTEFISK
Wizards...
come on.
Just stop already.
Just stop.
I only fuck wit them nigga
My eye goes right to 'baby tuckoo'.
Lindsay: I like 'moocow.'
For future reference, falling down the steps is a really bad way to start the day.
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
I think it's time to bring in Matt Flynn
Summeritis is a female dog.
I got the hungries for your love, and I'm waitin' in your welfare line.
And the defensive battle continues.
happy Easter to you too....
and no eggs .
The only Hairspray movie I acknowledge.
Waiter gave us free dessert very nice!
Gave the table next 2 us free dessert 2 one of them turned it away, wanted fruit instead
I have..to be honest, I thought it was a bit clumsy
My day was good too.
:
Cards on the bubble ?
Should be, name their best wins.
Soft non conf schedule, only beat losers in conference?
There's no way!
You don't seem like a shy guy!
: x
Repatriation is an act of letting go.
my number aint changed you said you txtd me i dont got no numbers so yu gon have to call me when yu out here
Think you're a pinball wizard?
Check out PTL this morning to see how you can compete in Pinburgh's pinball tournament this weekend!
hey boo

Excited to see the new schedule tonight
Greetings, !
I'm interested in covering the HispanicPro 5 de Mayo event tomorrow for La Prensa USA, will you be around?
Saludos!
Grown ass people still get upset when they don't get gifts?
People are so childish but swear they're an adult.
Craving blueberry iced coffee from DD
RT : Love your enemies and pray for your persecutors  Matthew 5:44
very cool.
Focused on power dynamics within foundations, between fdns  grantees or other?
Stros game tonight with the fam
Me too!
: RT : Every time puts little Z to bed, I miss her tiny smile.
Her personality is really starting to show.
RT : Bout to wreck shop on
where yo mama at ?
hey man keep your head up.
id love to see you in the field for a playoff push.
Josh Beckett will now retreat to the visitors clubhouse to turn back into Bruce Banner.
What do I have to do or say to get a follow back from you?
Haha I love tonight's Glee!
This is hilarious!
ROC Outside is just launching, but if you lock in your ad before 2012 we'll make it worth your while...
Hit us up!
I have to many insecurities about my self
I won a bet last night about how to pronounce your last name.
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you are an 8th grader or below.
.
.
Im still gone to see the video
chico here from sundance 2010 trying to reach you to discuss screening teenage paparazzo at umass boston in the fall
Connecting athletes to other local athletes.
Just getting started!
That awkward moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
30 Rock, hands down!
It's offbeat  hilarious!
He Just Got On My Nerves.
I'm Not Fucking Wit Yu For The Rest Of The Night.
If I had a billion dollars I'd buy a brewery and turn the whole damn planet into alcoholics
Atleast I know some followers would notice...
What kind of jobs are college students looking for these days?
You sound tough...
Power just went out here at LC for a brief moment.
Lost my faculty agenda for Wednesday, but it won't take too much time to recreate.
Boo.
So sad that image got cut from openlab as well.
Nah, Barney, when we come for your bluesteel penis extension, we're bringing tanks and armored cars.
Got any of those, JimBob?
There's nothing gays can do to marriage that Elizabeth Taylor hasn't already.
I like sweet things, that's why I like you.
Good line honey!
The Udistrict is honestly the only part of Seattle I really enjoy.
this is absolutely beautiful.
It feels like the book, doctoramy but vivid.
And for once, not doctorading a bookturnedmovie
love ur tweet
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
what???
: I wanna s back door sluts 9
Help is on the way Rise Against
So happy to know that has come back home.
I' m a free Bitch, Babe!!
Agreed, I'm flying in just for Tuesday's game!!
hirefriday Cbeyondoutside sales rep:basecommissionbenefitsgas allowance Atlanta Boston DC for info email
I can connect you with our Chicano/Latino subject librarian if you're interested.
I did..I'm actually following him right now!
Thanks, my favorite show is Dexter and I think I would be great in it hoping soon
Checkout the sickest clothing on the west coast.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Started scoring another short film last week, but it's off to E3 today!
marvel pearl
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
That's fine.
I'm upgrading to a king when I get home.
Gotta go full spread.
Happy early Cinco, by the way.
LOVE IT.
And him.
I DON'T K OW IF THIS NIGGA RIGHT NEXT TO ME DOING SIGN LANGUAGE OR COOKIN, ALL I SEE IS HAND MOVEMENTS ON THE CORNER OF MY EYE
Because we just realized we were better.
I turned down USC.
They got turned down by UCLA.
Remember to pay it forward today.
Last call 1:45 Union Station
RT : We celebrate our 4 year anniversary this month!
Thank You, LORD, for bringing us this far!
Congrats!
Carel
I miss you being here at the third ward!!!!!!!!
:
i'll be over in 10 minutes
RT Hanging at Nice.
; does a fab job on the cocktail menu.
I missed the screenings, like a dummy, so I might have to actually pay for this one!
My theory on hating Donny Marshall continues .He said Rondo didnt make a mistake at end of game.DMarsh doctorbbled into the corner alot im sure
: Oh you corrected my grammar again.
Tell me more about your social life.
John David wrote that while teaching me how to tweet!
We do love you...but I don't want to be the creepy new twitterer!
if you say so ..
Thank you for following me back and AMEN!
333
Have a good workout.
See you later tonight!
Because gumisterad would take 30 of the 1 price.
Just seems like it's geared toward prices a bit higher.
Nah nigga...I like dat quiet money!!
just say it, the thing your were said I knew in the beginning.
I am really wondering what all this Tweeting is about...
So fucking jittery.
as if we've never hung out before lol
Learn and use simple table manners.
Good manners make you look polished and poised and help you concentrate on the conversation.
Pretty sure that name has been deprecated but who really knows!
Dear Women, All men are sexist pigs is something only a sexist pig would say.
Thanks, Brent
i got 476 pts on kid biz
Dirk is such a pussy, i wish perk beat his nazi ass
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
In 14 years I want to have 1 million dollars :
Overheard in class 2day: Facebook is for people who still care about people, man.
I don't give a shit.
That's why I tweet.
Fair enough.
Midway through Bruins/Caps and the Caps have a whopping 5 shots...total.
No shots in the second period.
Wow, that's NICE!
Nope  I traditionally file the weekend before....
oneofthosepeople myaccountantfriendshateme lol
Sure!
Followed:
you went in on cuz Ega beat Michael Jordan
Congrats!
mister Link.
Jim Tressel resigns from Ohio State.
What will become of that program.
Thank you for the extra 7.6 minutes of life!
...
I'm not sure that came out right.
die.
die off with his head
doctorpped my hair doctorer on my foot and now there's a lovely little bruise forming.
brilliant....
at least my hair is doctor and silky!
Writing that sounds forced will cause a breakdown of communication between the writer  the reader.
Readers can sense game even in fiction.
sure!
just found out likes four year strong.
i've been downloading them all day.
cowinkiedink for sure!
Gee, thanks!
Great meeting you and in Person.
re: paper.
Y'mean on semioticbased analysis of gameplay?
Or the three point line.
We both know he can do it.
:P
My pic is from when I am like 5.
It's all about leadership and shared vision.
Hey SpursJazz, 1994 called.
They want their playoffs back.
I think most women know Oprah's famous line...all my life I had to fight.
That sounds good right now, doesn't it!
We support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation with our bracelets.
New curation  adding value by linking works.
Billy went out to get groceries.
I hope he is back before the Gremlins destroy the house!
3 We are not held back by the love we didnt receive in the past, but by the love were not extending in the present.
Okay, I want to be Jessica Lange OR Helen Mirren when I grow up.
doctornkPresidents George Herbert IcanbarelyWalker Bush
Hitting up Las Vegas this weekend; and I'm, NOT packed, my room is NOT clean, and I have NO clue what to wear.
//:
omg I can't wait...
I'll sneak you in my suitcase lol
I think you need to trademark that StitchNBitch name ...
LOLing over here :
Ford is an acronym for First On Race Day!
Very true 
I'd love to meet Jennifer.
Who knows, someday!?
HaHa it's ok.
It gave me a good laugh.
SAN FRAN IT IS!!!
Stop fouling so we can watch da MVP ball!
Unenployed, dirty and weird, but I'm still your daughters best option!
un, don't most obituaries primarily quote people who were influenced by the dude, not their rhetorical opponents?
A raven is nothing like a writing desk!
Not at all!!!
My suggestion is mister Carroll seek the advice of doctor or simply be locked up!
Trog
BandsILove Led Zeppelin!
I kno i know.
coworker things Ganim pulitzer is BS because the story fell in her lap  ergo she didnt do any hard work.
Help me school...
NO WE DONT HAVE MUCH TIME IM PANICKING IVE GOT SO MUCH TO DO IN SO LITTLE TIME AND IM GONNA BE SO OLD
i miss you chica!
I will definitely see the Life of Pi movie, but I hope they do the story justice.
I loved the book.
Spinning tonight at the Setai for Miami Fashion Week...8pm12am
Spoiled brats.
he is on the Nets so probably not great, but he did have a good season himself.
i was riding my bike earlier.
i took the backstreets.
i said aww shit im the backstreet boys!!!!
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, shell always be there..,.,.,.,.,
I do not like not being close to a beach.
RT RT Check out the homie taking his followers on a very real journey right now
I got that new cordless mic so its doable.
Ive never been in Starbucks tho and I wanna keep it that way
David Bell / Houston, TX / Performance Consult / Learning about technology
If you, or you know someone in the market to buy a car.
I can HELP!
and I'd love to ..
Im really good.
and
those nights where you want to sleep but your mind just races..
I was lookin thru my photos from the last yr, n almost n casi todos I'm holdin my phone.
maybe i should tape my fingers down.lol
So cool  UMichigan Library has an espresso book publishing machine in its lobby!
Forgive us Seattle that was a low blow.
Please come see us at the showbox  market tonite anyway!
Doors  8pms!
Ah, making progress.
The weight scale is going in the right direction.
Love it.
keep it coming.
Gettin squishyfied.
I love it.
Or, be kind, her Klout score decreased because of your assignment.
Today I free myself from the control of All failure, doubt, and fear, and I introduce success, positive thoughts, and a fearless mindset
NEW RELEASE!
widgets loaded automatically.
Want to recommend some widgets?
Thanks for the follow Rob
I don't think I've ever disagreed with he has brilliant arguments
A pluck just asked me for 10 cent da fuck you gone do wit 10 cent
We have officially reached the end of fashion.
I just saw a pair of cargo leggings on a clothing website.
i know.
Ditto what you said
If I could fast forward two weeks that would be awesome.
I cant even flirt with dudes without them taking it seriously.
Gosh.
Dudes move too fast these days.
have u seen new cover on the mag?
:D :D :D you loves me
glad you do!
that's the kind of thing that I do...along with shameless selfpromotion cc/
Whatever, I was kidding.
Did you take pics of the bacteria?
Running?!
Last night or this morning?
Go Kellie!
wish I were there
Tom Thibodeau  NBA Coach of the Year.
Close the voting and give him the trophy now.
making plans...
I keep money like the 24/7 Bossup
today is Cuando!!
Is today your grand opening for the store?
How late are you guys going to be there?
I think we can all agree that hoot is not the sound birds make.
Hashtag WHACK.
Elise is back?
That was horrible!!!
Hockey withdoctorwals...
Make me crazy
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
is a catalog in a tent...
in real life!
I doctoram of that place.
LMAO!!!!!
Everyone is making fun of me now...
A deeper relationship with God does not take more of you it actually takes less...
I must decrease so that He may increase!
They're awesome, yeah?
:D
Cheer up smash is on tv!!!!
we had a wonderful storm here in the desert yesterday and lastnight....brought us 1.5  of rain...maybe today again??????
You must believe in yourself before anyone can believe in you
hell naw u jacking?
the lil ones or big ones?
This heat wave is unbearable.
Supposed to get to 73 this afternoon in Santa Monica.
Let's fight through this together, America.
remember when ;c
My brother had plans so fuck him!
Crazy about my new Granddaughter, Sahai Rain Gursel.
She is beautiful, healthy and adorable.
: happy half birthday !
only 6 more months until the big 21 ahaha  spanks lovely!!
Stuck in traffic on a schoolbus in downtown CBus.
District Prelims  SemiFinals.
Gun up in an hour.
I am Jack's utter lack of surprise.
will you be at the convention on Saturday?
We'll be there in the afternoon!
Added Chronicle of Higher ed reporter to the Nicarians Twitter list.
Check out her posts.
I hear talk of cities like Cleveland, Akron, Bloomington, and St Louis interested in making bids for MWUX13.
Anyone else building proposals?
tennis shoes aren't meant to run in?
Movie Night Sundays!!
Call to reserve a seat!!!....its free!
:D
thanks girl : Really appreciate it !
If you mean by longer school day moving to a digital curriculum available 24/7, yes.
If you mean more static seat time, no.
Hi Great to be in touch with you.
Thank you for the follow!
thanks for your great email, we are working on a big follow up segment on this.
I'll email or Tweet you when it airs JR
20 acres are now burning in 2 forest fires in Washington County.
lol What do you want to do for me?
Wash my car?
Do my grocery shopping??
Water my plants?
;
check out our american golf cart flags....
www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com
Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade in ledoctoritpark postponed to Sunday 10/30 due to snow.
Please pass on!
Pres.
Obama 1st president in U.S.
history to make veteranhomelessness a priority of his administration with 5 yr.
plan to end homelessness
I was out for a min...but Im back on the grind!
Get Ready, the Maschine is coming!
Mangoes atop a mammoth watermelon!
Me likey!
Question: where does one fit a banana?
Atlanta got smashed
I'm at work too.
Believe it or not.
RT : RT : We can't wait to host the Food Network's Brunch at Sea hosted by Douglas Rodoctorguez  Aarón Sanchez...
we already follow you!
Just want some love on our music!
: and we know your middle name.
lol...
just asknas lol..
have a good day foxx
Today my friend said I remind her of Harry....
Um, is that a good thing?
Noodles Mitt Romney
Last chance today!
Follow  RT for a chance to win 4 free tix to SuperCroc exhibit in El Paso
Yeah, nice and shadowy.
I agree.
The only way to work towards solutions is to respect one another in the way we communicate.
slacker.
Getting ready for bed  reading the tweets of
Still freaking out about how awesome Transformers was last night
I WOULD BUY THEM BUT THAT WOULD BE VERY WEIRD!!!
Proud of u RT back in edinburgh  survived the thirteen miles.
would u believe me if i told u it was really fun?
next up: glasgow
RT : toaster waffle, whipped cream and fresh berries.
coffee.
must have coffee.
: and maple syrup!
At Comet PingPong and the pizza is flowing like water falls!
WE PLAY AT 10:30!
Yes, starting today!
Constitution  R3VOLUTION
Doh, back to work today : Eat plenty of brisket for me.
cc/
Whatup with the crown lights on the US Bank Tower?
Why are they turned off?
OTGTIPS UNTIL YOU HAVE BILL GATES MONEY, YOUR NOT BALLING, KEEP WORKING
One mixed doctornk done within the first hr of class.good thing I brought another one for the next hr  plan on sleeping through the final hr:
shrmva hr Meissinger: execs want to know their HR folks know what is happening in their external environment.
Volunteering facilitates it.
I like to listen to Taylor Swift and pretend I have a love life.
Achieved another goal  finally moved up from 2 to 1 on Google for get a job book!
So now I'm 1 on Google AND Yahoo!
Babe said I look like baby grinch  lmao
Deja Doosh: that awkward feeling that you've been the Doosh before
Potatoes are yummy and help reduce oil in skin.
We need to get some spuds this summer.
Remembering a partisan democrat I heard say: The problem is that we're not partisan enough.
If you're a dem, be a dem.
I'm pleased to report that my copy editor has not tried to remove my Oxford commas, which would have been a painful surgery
I know a bunch of faggots, and none of them are even homosexual.
Everybody get on VEVO and go watch the RBMS music video!
go now!!!
Finishing phase of gromit knit pattern.
Sewed leg on totally crooked.
Ugh.
Undo.
Giving up on foursquare until Chipotle recognizes my commitment.
Tonight we are young!
It was worth waiting an hour in the SWISS queue!
Got a seat on LX8 for Sunday.
Three days in a row without rain in Melbourne fingers crossed.
yes, she has an iphone now :
: At my g.g crib w/ the moms , auntie  some other famo' members ; It's crackin' boaa.
I love my famo 3 TML !
Who did the rain dance?
I'm partially suspecting that your library/environment is ignoring your directives, rather than us ignoring your headers.
ill DM u my new number 
ad2dc The polar bears were not a hit.
Unimaginative and uninspired
c, that's y i culdnt deal w/ it anymo, eva friend u no iz yo friend .
.
.
fuk outta here nxqqa Stinkmeaner voice
Sunny all week!
Perfect opportunity to check out the new rooftop furniture.
I never want to stop learning...
something else is probably already here, it's just that nobody's seen it yet
EVERY ad in this Metro car has been bought up by I'd be upset except their cartoons are cute.
1 hour till work.
then working on www.expressiaann.com
i had an awsome time watching you guys last night in VA.
u blew me away and your very cute lol
Went w/ the Champion Fries...
and I'm STILL FULL!
lol.
Hope you had a great day!
Thanks for the suggestion :o
Wade McDirty  Bron McTarded got just what they deserved.
.
NOTHING!
Dirty, noclass, greedy, chokers who overreached.
Thanks for including me!
It's been a long day.
It's been a long year.
Sleep tight,
How does Rahsad not just lay it all out on the line.
I like how Jones is now sponsored by just the UFC now.
Something to do w/ the NIKE deal
literally the noble obligation things others are not willing to do and have the ability to do things others aren't able to do
RT Q6: What are some best practices for fostering engagement?
mixtape sounds good my dude!
i do not feel good
Good morning fam
The way I look at it is I'm good without friends cuz at the end of the end u find out it better to be by urself  I'm happy wit that
Hail Mary!
Working on a great song called 'Famous'.
We love it so far.
We will see what NSAI says.:
taxreformidea Change an Offer in Compromise w/ the IRS to  a Groupon Coupon
Writers here today are in various fields including: English, Legal Studies, International Studies, Education and many Comm fields.
Think like a man at midnight!
Im in there..
someone please taaalkk to me.
I promise tonight I will go out :
We could watch '30 Rock.' It makes me laugh.
Remember laughter?
I'm still showing a bruise from a finger/door incident I did like 2 months ago.
Nothing makes me happier than finding out that someone who is better looking than me is also a complete idiot.
Here it is: What did Chef Anthony make on today's show?
Free DVD for first SIX correct responses!
GO!
Happy Birthday captainin!
enjoy your special day:
I feel as though the interview went well!
I'll hear back very soon.
can u post B in his jersey??
Was too excited about my new Keurig I just couldn't wait till tomorrow to use it!
Smh
Thanks for the follow KD!
Remember, all month long you can snag a 25 gift card for just 20!
Hurry up before April arrives!
The reason why we face affliction is because we do not allow the Lord to do His will in them.
About to recordd after this plane
slow, unimpressed clap
When shit hits the fan, you better fuckin move or you're going to get shit on you.
nice!!
Doin the chores!!
Massive congrats on the funding!
All the best with the film!
Fantastic project.
Want to check out Fletcher's music library?
Fletcher's Top 4 coming up...
thank you 
I tweeted you like 2 or 3 times
DearTaylorSwift we are all tired of your love songs make something different!!
Caffeine gives me the shakes....
working tonight and your sup just hanged up lol you know she can TALK!
you didn't tell me you actually made it D: make me another one!
Ima be in Downey later and tomorrow too for a bit
: giving history lesson on economy  saying we need to plan economy of future.
Cites fuel costs
LMFAO y'all r worse than siblings
What and where do you eat supper while filming Survivor?
Do you feel guilty at all??
SEATTLE!!!
Dammit, Seattle!
I missed your show when you were here last time!!!
RT  : OHIO OR SEATTLE.....
I MIUST CHOOSE.
Keep checking my email hoping for more info to do readersadvisory exercise.
Uberexcited about using these tools for the first time
omg!
Great idea!!
Sorry Pat, beat you!
But you can have my extra ticket 
I think that is my 1 pet peeve at work.
hahaha u ruin the songs u listen to em like 20 times in a row then sing em a lot
I enjoyed ashe11  connecting with
Lakers 4????
Too good to pass up.
Seriously?
Are you freaking kidding me!!
Absolutely!
The right foot position can be confusing.
Nothing worthwhile is ever easy.
At the bowling ally, taking over the jukebox.
About to experience a new attraction at SeaWorld Orlando...
Turtle Trek
Local dining tips RT : so this is an easy one!
Vermilion, Brabo tasting room, and
Cheers to Twitter/NTTyou came correct
Hello follow me
Hm LA I love you man
Since we're currently around our 3,993,771st document included in a delivery, we expect to announce the prize this week!
Going on a tour of National Public Radio 3/21/12.
I remember hearing NPR  PBS executives testifying about the role of public broadcasting.
I'll take humans any day.
But I imagine you already know how I feel about robots
Apparently I have issues walking cause my legs are covered in bruises.
apparently curly hair and black and white stripes make me look like a little French maiden.
not my favorite description.
Walking out with bermudas on and realizing how cold it is but knowing there's no time to change 
IT'S BECAUSE APOLOGIES ARE A THING OF THE PASTE
is an online aesthetic magazine educating consumers on trends and technologies on plastic  cosmetic surgery, lasers
we don't have the Nike one, I've heard it's only available from the Nike website
It's a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.
Just waching tv
Virginia: with my grandparents: lovethemtodeath:
I have the world's worst job luck.
Ever.
It's actually kind of hilarious and by kind of, I mean very.
OMG YOU FOUND HIS TWITTER DIDKABAJSBDJJSJA
is there going to be hard copies of Section80 ??
Awesome.
I am in palo alto 2 times a week.
Would love to chat and exchange notes
Taken care of.
Thx for the offer.
Forgot to bring sunscreen for my lips and emerged from the desert looking like Garry Shandling.
no omg, tell me you found it!!
So I have to start saving my money !!
Going to Disneyland in a month: so excited !!
Such sorry lame asshole
Really miss
itdoesntlookgoodwhen you try and act dumb in front of guys bc you think it's cute.
it's like, wait, whaaattt?
a banana is yellow?
the New York Knick 4's
I got the voodoo for you bitches
is jason single
Man!
These pretzels are making me thirsty!!
Oh fab, you got some really versatile styles!
Hope you love all three.
:
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken w/ spinach, grape tomato, onion  a pepper ranch sauce Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
I'm gonna miss you too, you better come see me!:
Feeling so loved , thanks for the birthday wishes !!
:
If a Brit or Frenchman brag about how great their country is ,its a great bore,but if an American does the same ,it's the same?
THe theme for today is Red Pen.
omg that's just like when I yawn in church and my eyes water up so people think I'm crying about something 
our fave part too!
Pitching the record breaking story to newsroom NOW!
I'm thinking we should take it live all AM
Hmm.
I need a sec.
I LOVE almost all kinds of music.
This is going to be a long day 
tbh, i got twitter to follow , lmao!
: Hello my favorite twitter peoples.
If someone isn't too busy, please come kill me.
Cheers on my way!
what's the problem?
I can mention it at doit managers meeting tomorrow am.
That will be great.
Can you either PM or send an email.
We'll have our Education Chair contact you.
go to California and live there for the rest of my life...That's All I Really Wanna Do
1:30am and I can't sleep.
Welp, at least Doug is on.
Thank you Teennick and the90'sareallthat.
Sweet
The botched tech rehearsal made me only slightly more nervous than yesterday.
I'm sure I'll vomit before this is all over.
Thanks so much for the support!
Wow!
Women's world cup soccer just beat France, going to finals now!
Even though the uniforms look like Star Trek.
Anchorman is one of the most quotable films of all time.
I understand, I'll take the new professorle pic as a good sign.
Happy Mums day, Mum.
I don't know if I've had cherry misterPibb.
At 5 Guys burgers?
Can't wait for REVENGE tomorrow night.
the show...I'm really a nice person ;
feeling the urge to get out of town.
but not sure where to go
I just got a spam email for 'Unlimited Free Tacos'.
I deleted it....
Huge mistake.
Amazing performer DeAndoctor from American Idol was sent home although Jenifer Lopez was a fan.
I guess that was not enough...
Thoughts?
ha all gravy G but I was at crib 2day and we were going to do a remix with them an on it if u Down
Awesome.
Once I took to see The Lion King and then to Bar Centrale.
Man.
You don't even know how grateful I am.
Thanks!
RT: at work text me I got the fax though  ok
NOO you're right you're right, everyone else is just wrong.
its in my memory bank right now
hum...I just went to check my messages and it seems there were a bunch of things sent about funny photos, and rumers which I never sent.
Wow
Oh Yeah!
Me too :D
I will!
Thank you!
all I asked is that he credits stuff.
Wait until you hear the details.
Hey Greg, thanks for the mention!
Check out our newest CopsAlive article for some resources on stress management.
Stay safe!
Did I really conflate 'your' and 'you're'?
Gawd.
.
what are your plans ?
Derby Day...2012
Yeah definitely go over his head!
I think is pretty!
damn i gotta make sure i get fitted for my tux
RT: When I'm laying in bed at night, that's when my mind goes crazy, thinking about lots of things.
Boutta take it down soon 
Wow ur tweets are fucking gay.
Multiple forces does not necessarily make anything good: without focus, net force will be zero!
I LOVE YOU ALL..
Dearmisterunt we would very much like to have our MLS cup back
Been craving a budlight lime : yayyy me!!
Thats my show!!
u rock!
No need to be insecure
We can no longer think of ourselves as commercial content distributors.
Joseph Sanchez
For real ?
What happened to my team tonight?
I need a new texting buddy 
Omg my left leg is in pain for some reason.
:/
hey!
Latino America wants Big Time Rush TeAmo :
Setting up for our second variety show!
It's the El Paso Edition.
Check out the new show that will post this weekend!
...
Sec.
Have to go find some toxic sludge.
I'm only going to say this once.
Every 5 goddamned minutes.
Katelynne Margross: I think she said 'exotic dancer', Ms.
Lawly.
Well, i have decided to stay on part time, with my other job.
Now i'll have two jobs, but i guess that is the thing these days.
u serious?
if you are, send me your email so I can sign u up for the dance rehearsals.
BlackMamaQuotes : Keep on...you gone be picking yourself up off the floor.
what station are you on in Tampa, Fl?
At the Fitchburg library  standing room only.
Overflow at City Hall.
Dear Peyton, I was just kidding.
Come back to Indy.
Love, Jim Irsay
I need everyone to follow she only needs 30 more followers until 47k follow her y'all
Looking to go vegetarian again and cut down on refined sugars, so studying the diets of vegn MMA fighters for inspiration.
They're awesome!
Can you imagine what I would do, if I could do all I can imagine?
Someone talk to me!
Anyone?
I'm bored at doctorvers ed :
FINALLY GOT MY PHONE BACK :D
who is that?
where was it?
hey cameron I love u!!
Overall, very progressive/with it for the size of our company.
Forgot how lucky I am sometimes!
They listen to gd ideas.
Glad someone else said it!
RT : : Cheap shot!!
Mostly beer, not shots :
In the darkest place we will be your light we will be your light.
are you a bad fish too?
yeah well this nobody ruffled ur feather this morning Real Talk
Hendoctorcks or Kos?
its not cooling is it
I have a huge test tomorrow and I haven't studied once
Coach need a new TV.
I think the TV is from 1980.
HaHa
the set of CSI Cleveland lol
I can't survive on Twitter alone, I need my FB!
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
My cat just fell off his perch.
There was a crash, followed by an irritated meow.
Now he's glaring at the chair that betrayed him.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I said I didn't know.
M.Twain / sometimes it's best to just say I don't know.
Parted my hair on the opposite side this morning.
Feeling pretty dangerous today.
are you and done practicing yet?
Yea we'll take it RT : Yall Still Gone Get Da Slot?
just be sure to wear your robe and socks with sandals.
Hey babe, loved every picture you posted from Six Flags!
I was grinning like an idiot at each one, but sad I wasn't there.
: BoogerTalkLMFAO I LOVE YOU BIG BRO!
:D
RT : presentations are just conversations with more people listening.
Exactly right!
:
CanIBeHonestWithYou?
Our team loves building websites, helping startups, and growing businesses.
Get a Quote today and let us help you...
Edmonton tops Portland in WHL finals opener  The Spokesman Review
Absolutely perfect patio weather in
RT : Now RIM's CIO is talking about enterprise servers and services.
Plans to move Fusion to the cloud.
hahaha no but i wanted to grab one so i could take a pic and omg they like burned my hand ahha they were so cold
Killer!
Hit us up then!
Blessed be thy name.
Changing the title to She Ain't You:
Not to my knowledge.
Where are you based?
RT And is overall awesome...
.
speaks 5 languages  Slovene, Serbian, German, Swedish and English.
AM
mhmm.
I believe we met one morning, I gave a hug to Brittney.
Lol.
yesterday was a hoot, dudes.
please remember that my f4k ups are proprietary, and cannot be distributed!
RT : Imagine what would happen if you started respecting your own wishes of how to spend your time.
Susan Cain
Maryland: Baltimore Maryland Motel
If I wanted to get up at 6:15 on a Sat AM I would have a baby.
My dog is about to get sent to TX to live w/ her gparents  doctorving me crazy
YES, one of my faves: RT : Sequoia Capital Invests 10 Million in Songkick
: All Colorado beer on tap !
I like beer!
1.
we like Jensen 2.
We like Colorado beer !!
just stop it.
So glad you enjoyed!
That was a rockin night!
Thanks for the support
just want to say Hi :D
Getting ready to listen to my favorite Sunday show on XM radio.
The Jesus Christ show is on now  XM Channel 158
Sad about this outcome , enjoyed my visit last summer.
And people say there are no high  art project currently.
Uh oh !
Getting ready for Round 2!
Go Sixers!
WORD BRO...
aguyshould not act like the typical warwick jerkoff...
Tomorrow marks week one of being gluten free.
One more week until I know if this will be the rest of my life or not.
wahhhh!
i know...
: this needs to change!
we need to meet up at panera asap.
RT : Kobe will show the boys how to do it
rose can close games ??
Back from 17 days in Switzerland, the trip was great !
RT : Thanks to all who joined us at CWL SPRING.
We've got everything OnDemand til Tues, including our 5K scholarship!
Confident that no matter what age I get, a can of baked beans will always remind me of a homeless, switchblade wielding Christopher Lloyd.
Today's weather can be summed up simply with sun, rain, sun, rain, sun, and more rain.
lol!
thanks so much!
i miss you!
ah thanks, that made my day.
okay good.
had a wicked doctoram where you both died on the way to a wedding?
glad to see your alive :
BREAKING: Bad Crash IB Dan Ryan at Cermak, three lanes down.
Working on some things.
Going to be posting an update soon about everything.
m/
Interesting: When offline, people love personalized experiences like a cafe owner knowing your name Russ,
and also has really bad allergies, evidently.
Those watery eyes...
I wish I had people to hangout with
RT : How do men sort their laundoctor?
Filthy and Filthy but wearable Im not even gonna lie, so true, lmfao!
Knicks faces starting to get that look.
ha ha nothing!
it wouldn't b me ;
It's SO hot in my grandparents' house!
Stood over the air vent and literallyt burned my foot...
who scored?
My reflex to use commas and follow them with 2 spaces is such a hindoctornce on Twitter.
I type them without thinking.
Old habits die hard.
Ubaldo is just not good as folks thought he was.
Haha I like the way you think!!
: that's exactly what it means!
Just watched Tuesday's message for  GREAT message
he sure is, until he attacks you  you have bite marks near your ankles.
But yeah...
He's a lil sweetie.
no we did not haha but it was funn
What is a machine going to do with a 1 million???
he is in doggy heaven now I am so sorry for your lose I will miss him
So looking forward to Thursday!
:
: forever letting go of my past and building a new strong, successful future.
:
is just about to take the stage at the Louisville Palace!
Join in the conversation at
Show is done, headed back to canyon Lake
2 hours till glee.
Can't wait.
Just boarded our flight to Ft.
Lauderdale.
With Dan Marino.
Who looks way tanner than the rest of us.
Holiday greetings :
Great article!
Very useful and easy to understand.
so far all these pictures of him are 
Why OOOHHH and AWWW over a brand new computer when we can get yours up  running smooth again for a fraction of the cost of buying new.
jl
Watching the big bang theory
I feel like such a girl right now.
I'm eating Ben  Jerry's out of the carton AND I just had sex with a guy.
Thank you, Mitch.
Loss is hard whenever it comes but especially hard with one so young.
:
since i dont have to get up, im pouring more wine and snuggling up to a movie.
I love
RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
Go to Betty and stop being soft.
Africa Hope Fund is a a nonprofessort organization dedicated to helping the people of Africa live productive and healthy lives.
After britney new single and last nights gossip girl, I predict lesbianism btw confused young sluts will increase by at least 20 
yay I'm glad
Being made a delicious bday dinner of pastitsio, asparagus,  Thomas Keller's pecanwalnut bars with bourbon whipped cream.
got a better night's sleep than most..
was there even any wind?
God deals in the impossible, faith is speaking things to come that are not there.
The substance of things hoped for...etc
wtf to do today
Do not call a girl sexy, call her beautiful!
Do not tell her you like her body, tell her you think God gave her a body of a goddess boys ...
sittin at work boreeeeeddddddddd...come on 12, i need my break

congrats on a great event last night CampFireTS.
All the acts were awesome!
Banging chicken paddies for lunch
Infatuated I think not feeling a way I haven't felt in a long time
I'm really looking forward to this girls day/night
excited for national youth day:
big nose swagg
I think I should report this lady..
She keeps touching my ass.
WTF
Does this cold weather make you want to stay at home?
There are TONS of athome workouts that are amazing!
If you need ideas, just ask!
9O21O played at the end, just like GossipGirl!
Guess he suppose to whoop my ass or tell me to stop ..
I dunno .
ooh I want to be there!
Could use a free doctornk right about now :
I needaFIJI because its hotter than the sun in sunny Florida can you say 84 degrees!!!
The secret to the perfect ice cub requires that you use hot water and a calm hand to transport the tray to the freezer.
Hey you, you still in Canada or have you given that cold doctoram up??
:
Dedicated autosports enthusiast here: doctorving 12hrs to Stockton, CA for , then straight back for teamBOSS doctorfting on Sunday!
Already did, and good luck!
ifheavenwasamileaway ill pack up my bags and leave this world today.
Harker Dirge and Kevin Steen d.
Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana when Steen pinned Cabana with the Package Piledoctorver.

Rethinking Expertise: pragmatist model of expertise.
Discussing the differences between science and expertise.
I hate when people brag!
I'm just like STFU already!
4 days until we kick off!
First event is Cville's Annual MLK Celebration this Sun.
the 16th, 5 p.m.
Mt.
Zion 1st African Baptist Church
Soccer is at its most intense time of season CL barca chelsea I'm just enjoying watching this great sport.
i miss bagelfriday at weber!
hope you are doing well!
no comment :
I love chocolate cake
id love to!
Just read: Confidential data on 30 million German phone put on the Internet as a result of an error .
do you also realize UK only had one 1done last year?
use theipl2 to
Happy Mother Day To All the wonderful mom out there
Shit , him  the groupies can get blocked ,  outta here for all I care .
Tf ?
I disagree.
As someone building a marketplace business, i know it is pretty important to show prospects who is behind the curtain.
Merry TITSmas everyone!
The UT football season starts today!
nothin much just watching the videos i made for the boys long time ago, youu ?
did it leave u a gift?
you guys need too stop.
Your blowing up my tl Hahaha
LYjr cntd misterBrown's Strides n the Ent Bus r Unique  Limitless
I was tired and jetlagged so i get the words out right : Wasn't that bus ride long?
Took 2 1/2 hours to get home from airport
Starting Monday, you can take the karaoke party with you on your iPhone/iTouch
My biggest goal will be accomplished and from there I'll work towards my other ones
Dear Automatic Flusher: I'm still sitting on the toilet, please refrain from squirting water all over me!
I need a new show on Netflix to be obsessed with.
Just finished The League and loved it.
Suggestions needed.
As humans, we fascinate one another each time we interact, with our voices, our scents, and our expressions.
it must be really nice outside because my office is still pretty cool.
I have the hard doctorve.
I just need the right cable.
500GB.
Should double my DVR size.
napkin from glove box or fling it out the window onto another car
you are so cute and your voice is beautiful 3
IfItWasntForTwitter the cause of Liberty would not be spreading as fast as it is!
I hate sappy chick movies and love storys but I kinda wanna see that zac effron movie cuz he looks so freakin hott!
Relatedly, the amount and intensity of sexual stimulation is directly under the womans control and therefore ...
Damn this night is finally almost over
Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987.
Happy Founders Day !
I put a water in the freezer for school tomorrow cause itss hot as balls in that school!
Just got done working out...
Shower than back on the Gorilla Tour!
peep new santigold single disparate youth it will good with your taste on your show truss me..
Done.
Done.
Done.
Done.
Done.
Done.
Done.
how's u and katherine?
I'm ganna support Princess and I :
If the guy next to you at the urinals is jacking off, is that an H.R.
issue?
Brand of the week: Social Media fully integrated and colors to entertain, The Standard will blow your mind.
So there are jobs I cannot apply at until my balance at UH is 0.00.
That is the rule.
The law.
I was hoping they could be a little kinder
That moment when u get to class so early the lights are off  no one is there; you wonder if class was cancelled....
wassup wit the next trip fellas
Bronchitis Plus to much work  Lite pneumonia.
Your call from TheMasters is feeding my golf addiction while I'm away from the TV all day.
Thanks!
Morning commitee meeting with the March of Dimes.
Planning a spectacular fundoctoriser for Nov.
at Balboa Park.
More info soon!
I saw the story last night and just couldn't make sense of it.
So so sad.
My condolences are with the family
That is really cold.
I dont think i could stand that for very long.
Revival is living in the heart of the believer.
Wake up and release it!
lunch  movies.
happy mothers day.
Cute costume, did u 2 tear up Boulder
Good pass Lebron
occupy wall street is some crazy business
Just invited to watch the Avengers with me Sat.
afternoon.
since he is in NY.
Can hurt to ask, no?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
spring allergies are the worst.
No other answer necessary RT From a boat with a cocktail in hand!!!
Watch Inside the NFL TONIGHT, Dec.
22, for a segment on Fantasy webseries featuring our own Hot Tub Sleeper Picks!

OnlineBusiness Tip: Double check to make sure you have what you need before you start.
It will save a lot of time later.
Washington v USA!: INCREDIBLE!
Violent Gulf of Mexico weather imminent, environmental disaster potential for entire Gulf/Caribbean on D.C.
I think Twitter is pretty boring compared to facebook.
I wish I could avoid seeing posts just cos they mention people I follow.
You're right, not fair!
Gracious substitute on res 11.
VAUMC
RT : Problem is not corps, problem is corps that rig govt to serve their interests.
Local diner is corp, but not the problem
I love you so much that I'd take you out on a date to Sheetz
How did I get so sick in one day
Quoth the raven, Nevermore.'
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Adding this to my list of Kate transportation issues.
America.
RT : Sportsman Channel announces new show Riggo on the Range, where John Riggins will hunt animals  then cook them.
We're warming up some soup and getting read to go to the grocery store, just in case there really is a snowpocalypse in Seattle.
You?
After seeing gorgeous pageant inspired phone case I have realized I need some in my life!
bbn loves you!
Let's go cats!
RT if u are urself or know someone in Houston who will be doctorssed to heaux....
err, kill  attract Aubrey at tomorrow's Club Paradise show
It looks like he just doctorpped it.
I meant more his physical appearance and mannerisms  it's an interesting phenomenon!
Buenos dias Twitter
god, I love yahoo answers.
i remember last year posting my team just signed Comistere.
Does this mean I should like H.
Duff?
Im getting my whole Body Painted for Tonight's Performance!
See you at Club Orion!
have a blast beautiful!
Had a blast with u in MIAMI, be blessed and see you soon.
Keep spreading the gospel like an epidemic
Eating sonic n watching movies with my queen love u baby
it feels like was only here for ten minutes.
wtf.
come back
Just finished flamenco practice and im exhausted!
Hard work to reach perfection.
Hi girl!
Things are great!
How bout you?
is that mister0 for 4
Parlor Market.
It was outstanding.
Please retire the word logic from all Internet comment boards, thanks.
Appearances are nice  important, but what you are doctorssing up underneath is what is the most important.
How deep does your central core go?
harden dont care
u oughta tell her to holla
Wish I could get a tweet from but that seems impossible today :
Dont let city limits limit your event Our catering service delivers both within and outside the PortlandMetro area.
mike who
Congratulations to the doctorxel graduating class of 2010!
Now let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream.
Marge, The Simpson's
Woo hoo!
RT : We'll be downtown with tons of green treats for the St.
Patricks Day parade and Fair in the Square.
Can't believe it's install time at the VAC again!!!
Looking forward to the upcoming new exhibitions!
great lunch!!
So done with family time

Show of hands.
Er Twitter hands.
Who is coming out to the reserve match tonight?
I'll be there, and I'll be square!
has to be thrilled that in a Tigerless weekend they at least get a RoryRickie playoff instead.
Oh and DA Points.
: we just can't help it, president!
Back in Ann Arbor.
And it's not raining.
Had enough of the doctorzzle.
Hope it's better next week.
o Idina Menzel is gonna be at the Paramount on June 2nd, I may just have to go to that one, who else is down?
Kidoctoruhl Makes The World Smile.
Yes, he does.
I will always love him.
RT : Using within ePortfolio the Ning/tumblr approach would be useful.
Safe space for comments, reflections.
Good one!
Darn.
I snoozed, and lost...
: Sold out?
Well, there goes that idea......
Excellent news, btw.
haha yay thank you!!!!
Can't wait!
Sometimes I get a good feeling
aww hope u feel better
Look at all those different times I just retweeted, the fuckery ..
Families learn each other's languages...
and I bet that goes double for twins.
Remember to breathe.
don't play dumb crespo
ON my MIND like CRAZY!
Couldn't quit thinking long enough to fall back asleep.
So, whatever, another 2 hours of FacingJoints :
la cage tho..
Lamar Odom  NBA Trojan Horse.
Nice move LA Lakers.
I am impressed.
Let's get weird
From DC HSEMA:Due 2 rain in the forecast for Wed DC Govt is asking citizens 2 clear gutters  catch basins.
hey, how are you...you seemed kinda down the other night
where do you hate being at lol?
haven't cried this hard in months
Finna Make This Lasagna Right Quick 
Early muscle spasms, this ain't hot!
Index of leading econ indicators is down significantly.
doctorgged down by local stock prices, building permits, consumer confidence.
I am so thankful to have beautiful people like you in my life.
Exhaling.Thanks for letting me aboard your life.I know I'll enjoy the flight.
Where did you take the picture?
Colin Miner/Assignment Editor KATU News
the table always has room for you and Geek Royale!
57 seconds isnt much, but it gives the Pats a chance.
vodka chased with a pickle hahah
follow me loves.
Miss ya
Staying focused on the future while i keep my EYE open to the present while I forget the
Great way to hate a song...
set it as your alarm ringtone
I Wish people would stop judging ./
yeah, let's have some beer or something.
I lost my contacts recently, can u send it again?
Mine is 4803074252
Phu, an conservator, tells the SILtweetup group not to use duct tape to repair our favorite books, unless we like that vibe.
Good grief, no.
Guess I could have clarified without editing core but that should be a given.
Happy Wednesday :
great tweet!!
And so true!!
Have submitted my semester grades....but that only slightly lightens the workload for a few weeks, but I'll take it!
just as i started feeling my terrible day was getting a bit better, I saw the Red Sox score....
Morning voting, completed.

I am listening to Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen MP3MusicDownloader it's cool
To be honest...
I'm not even that excited about prom.
yikes!
Very unnecessary charge to fill out papers!
Twitter  A heavily populated city ...
Facebook  A vacation spot ...
Myspace  A ghost town.
STOP LOOK AND FOLLOW MY BACKUP
my icon  everyone elses.
Going to school.
Then MMA class.
Have a good day
's new song is absolutely perfect3
lol bless to heart...
So what's left for Christopher Plummer?
Congrats!!
Thank you, I'm good!
Oh you forgot I was a gangsta?!
Hey it's Eira from if the jaws of my busy schedule release me, will try 2 come say hi at Octavia tomorrow
.
What a pleasant way to start the day.
Thanks.
I Really Really Really want YOU to do a concert here in SAN ANTONIO PLZ PLZ
you're welcome.
Your product looks like it can change the way kids think mathematically.
Papa Bear's BBQ?
Why are both crews advancing?!
What?!
Holy shit!
What's going on?!
Ahh!
Jangling keys...
is that scientist guy from E.T.
in here?!
I would like to show all people of earth that we are all born with voting rights, to make a vote a common aspect of digital  physical life
Uhm.
We can take this to court cuzzz I want custody.
You the one that was all over me dhat nite!
everyone go follow !!
Great advice!
RT : You don't have to swing at every pitch.
That's my thought o' the day.
It's MOTHER FLIPPIN' gametime!!!!!
I'm so freaking hype right now!!!
Anyone want a brackets board?
It's new.
White board like for darts, football games, etc
Sure, come on by circus mashimus.
Or
My mom just got home do u have a ride
: I knew somethin wasn't right btw ya new shirt is sick!
Wow.
Shouldn't the sustainability of the disciplines take priority over the sustainability of the publishing industry?
Just read about it this morning.
My grandpa joined the email game a little late, so I'm getting the Fw:Fw:FW emails from years ago.
Today's?
Cell phones igniting gas pumps.
I should be asking u that lol....im doin what u like lol
Nowadays, I wish just one thing would run smoothly for me.
know what I'm sayin??!!
Spent years in DC which is WAY worse, and always felt secure...welcome to Vegas I guess.
Time to aearte and fertilize your lawn.
This will help save water and give you great looking grass.
Omg, delivery of different colored spotlights on my desk for Prom!!
I love my coworkers.
Shout out to mister Kelly!
No more
Seriously, this custodian in the library is fucking with students.
No way do you need to push the same chair in 5 times CC:
that is ThaTruth RealShit but bionica can't fathom that idea
Just tapped 12 Bar Brewery's Wicked IPA.
The girls sitting next to me wouldn't be so annoying if they were a little less chatty and a lot more dead..
and sitting in a tree....something something SCDP.
OK, it's late.
Alternate Operating Systems: News and Notes
Honey Crisp apples are finally in season!
Woohoo!
Magic shoes!
You can take on the world in those things.
Or at least conquer the dance floor ;
missed being at SOBCon and all of you too!
Holy moly it's hot!

My moma told me that the fame would bring out all the hater  HATERZ OMG GIRLZ KILLED IN THAT SONG !
you know it was fake when he asked the sister did she got married for the show
Its hard but its fair...
Really hope nobody I know saw what an ass I made of myself trying to check/add oil to my car.
Couldn't have chosen a more public gas station
BE OUR VALENTINE.
come to the wooden teeth tuesday meeting, 8pm, in monroe 114.
Rebel America lands placement for Major Sports Program.
Congrats to the participating songwriters with this project.
still East village, definite upgrade from where I'm at now though.
notyoubirthday love zach porter of ASW
Sad day.
RIP Whitney Houston.
I love dat white bitch I got
NoonE is on way to A.
I will miss his gold glove defense.
i have a crush on 1 of my friends...
since b4 i met him n real life oO
I have one of those moms, too.
She's convinced I'm going to marry my neighbor's son...
Know any DMV area photographers ??
I feel like a tourist in my own town.
This place is just what we needed.
Im sure bumperside baggo will continue...
But still, this is great
7yearold handwriting included ; Thanks again for helping us have some fun at
I've decided thatthe only way I'm gunna order a key necklace from is if he's at bamboozle justkidding but it would be nice
think i am going to study in van loan, maybe robson's words will just come to me
Who's going to this Friday?
Romney Dodge on Banking Bailouts
I jam to that!
Haha
what happened to For Today and E.
Town Concrete?
Mix 102.9 will be at Jimmy John's grand opening in Garland from 122 today.
If you are n the area stop by for 1 subs!
alrighty dude on my way!
Should be there soon
I didnt hear His voice but I felt His arms around me.Thank you Lord
Just realized I haven't picked up a set of doctorm sticks in two weeks.
Not even mad about it.
Back at it hard next week.
happy birthday: sending you love and peace today;
while the mechanism is unclear, that seems to be the result
Don't fly much, but had a very enjoyable flight 2nite on on a new md90.
Smoother quieter flight.
WOW!
Will try to choose u when I can
Except for the fund itself.
TY Jill for the follow.
Looking forward Happy Mondays!
special shout out to the lovely ladies and gentlewomen of teamlesbian 3 have a great day everyone
austin must think i'm some creep : lols.
lol, not at all.
I'm always on the block.
BaylorBold booing correct calls
I do that often...
had a good one awhile back, sweep it under the door
1 World of work is increasing globally collaborative.
Will you be there?
Loving the google icon today!
I am a total 80's baby!
If you want info just let me know your email addy and I'll send you links to places that were legit and paid me in the past.
Brooklyn San Antonio
well, I was intimidated..
Lol
Yes I did!
ladies there's no reason to have more than 34 pots anything more is just a waste people in this world have no pots to speak of come on
Guess what?
I sold a forclosure home in Cottage Grove to a client of mine today.
Everything went just fine at our closing.
Buyer is so happy
My dad dancing to 'What makes you beautiful .....
you cant even imagine...
LOL he is so annoying!!!!
Awesome!
I'd love to see both he and Oleg Itanbach get a chance to make something with a big budget...
they must..gotta check in to find out : ,
Cheer up, things get better.
Big game for the tonight.
I'm excited for Monta Ellis to start with Jennings.
live the doctoram brother!
1 MT Thank U each for a great evening
Its monday!?wheres Mad cheesy joke?3
I have a friend with an opportunity in the fast growing pet industry.
Her business has taken off and she needs help!
You would work with e
Your logic makes no sense!!!
I just saw the president of Israel's motorcade.
wheres the party at tonight?
You like the Nugs?
Cute new ad w/Andoctor  Steffi reading a story to kids about a girl who tried tennis but the court was too big and the balls bounced too high.
Happiness is spelling Happiness correctly!
I feel like I got hit by a bus lol.
if you're looking for a good running route in the area, let me know.
There's a bunch of great ones.
AH!
BOYFRIENDVIDEO :D
Wish I was doctornk right now.
Working on a couple things now.
I'll send you a link when it's finalize.
What kind of video's have you done?
Again, I didn't catch one dern fish.
The water seemed pretty shallow off the dock.
My little friend caught about 7 tiny fish using worms.
hope to connect at an upcoming event!
fuck yea monkey wrench!!
.
Glad you got it.
Practice a few minutes a day with the Powerchute.
Watch what happens!
Enjoy
Super awesome weekend  THAT is what I miss about college.
But now back to the 95...
Haha honestly tho!
: and your welcome.
Its illegal to be that pretty isn't it up in Rochester?
Lol
Ryan is flat out the best coach this program has ever had...and it isn't even close.
Love me and the world is mine.
thank you sister !
You're beautiful aswell dolly 3 T.K.M
Where am I RT : This is not a real place.
Multiple party rooms.
Strippers.
Alcohol.
And its 3am
If only I could curse my mom out to her face instead of my head ..
hey remember that time I was eliminated anyway because Kritz beat doctorw
Ridiculousness has me LMFAO!
Realigning sleep schedule for a weekend of dayshift.
Exhausted.
Have decided to catch up on my favorite TV shows in an effort to stay up.
Have a great time in Hawaii!
It's been hot and in the 80s here!
Miss you guys!
xoxo
/ still here / after taking some personal time / Aubrey  I moved forward w/our adoption goal / now proud
We will be giving more, because we enjoy the smiles from new customers.
Get ready for the NashaRashaNYC Challenge coming soon.
The friendship bracelet saundoctor sent me in the mail 
erica's rap career  my shower sinqin.
Feels like I'm getting sick.
Fantastic blog page
Trust me, the Rockets would NOT make that trade.
Amare has a BAD contract.
Morey won't take it.
Two exams are the only thing that stand between me and the end of my freshman year...Challenge accepted 
Everybody wants the truth, but nobody wants to be honest.
Inspiring You
Avery Bradley playing wellthe X Factor in slowing down D.
Wade and D.
Rose?
i thought i looked cool...
thanks for building up my self esteem, riley.
Had a spectacular meeting at William Morris Endeavor just now!
Amazing things are happening in my life!!!
So excited :
Isn't it fun when you find something you could have done easily in 1 hour on set, that now will take you a whole day.
Pick ups!
follow in the upcoming episodes!
That's a great idea!
Maybe i will
Chasers fall in extra innings
Thank you for the mention, Crystal!
Have a great week ahead, everyone!
was it a iPhone 3G?
Put it on a tshirt :
Who wants 25 off botox or fillers?
Or maybe just a nice relaxing aromatherapy massage?
.
Really??
That's great!
Tigerswishlist Charlie Sheen as Manager
Hey , what's better abt tannehill pick: he'll be able to develop under Garrards tutelage, or that he has bookend LT for decade?
Lol.
it was!
No one is more cherished in this world than someone who lightens the burden of another.
Thank you.
Author Unknown
EVERYONE YOU KNOW.
;
feed such a marginal value add: mix of regurgitated popular opinion, empty ESPNationesque q's, and rehashed blog content wastedopp's
boo!
also, cleverly responds with something like: you're gorgeous!
thanks.
which is far more effective imho
Everything is this world is political.
The bureaucracy never fing ends.
The only way to live life is to be your own boss.
Aye its comin.
I got u RT : Oh will ur attractive rate just went up 20 lol and I would love to hear you ;
Thanks for letting me know.
Hackers and mean.
The 'please do not touch' sign on the mannequin in Good Will might be for everyone, but it's probably just for one sick dude.
Performing in the sampler showcase tomorrow at NACA2012.
4:40PM at the Westin Ballroom!!!
Tell that baby bump i said hey.
Good Luck against Tech!
ahh its gonna be awesome : text me bc I have to ask you something about Friday!
:
Congrats London!
MT Proud to receive exclusive endorsement from Mark Croshier, retired CVPD detective and community activist!
Sales Leadership Summit in Dallas  sales mgrs bringing up their tough issues...good discussions, solutions offered
nice.
Hope u feel better Ivan.
imma just Chilling :
ooh idk why mine wants to act up.
your welcome Brent.
: 3
Chapter 2012 Page 87 of 366 Technology is making my day run so much smoother
Washington D.C.
we'll be there Sat
so thank u so much for that.
And I mean that from the bottom of my huge gay heart!
Apparently there is no such thing as home ice advantage.
Cowboys gon win...
lol don't worry, everyone else is rubbing it in my face too..
UseToIt haha
If you think tha an ion is how you shorten I don't, unfollow me now
Can I do it tomorrow?
lol.
I've been dying to do your damn hair.
Good morning Seattle!
Bright and cold and beautiful.
What a nice way to end the week
I would say a mission accomplished ;D
Gain better search engine rankings and more traffic with Keyword Marketing!
ButImACheerleader is on LogoTV.
I love this movie!
:D
Do u have paypal??
Holy sh!t I love animals..
xD
Missing you Grandma today is worst than yesterday RIP /3
I am happy to report the chairs have been fixed with 2 braces to hold them in the position you set.
Seriously, can people just try and be nice, lol.
PunchMFG always pays its debts.
My usual nerd response  buy some more books!
But I also need to connect w/ peeps, firstgen orgs, training programs, etc.
Any leads?
so, whats the story with the NaCl?
Pretty good opening 12 minutes!
Pacing has begun...
work work work until 2 then It's Tattoo Time
i want a pound if weed for my birthday , NO lie .
I just remembered that I'm seeing Built To Spill in the fall.
AH
Check out this article that was posted in the New York Times.
Transcendental Meditation for health:...
I know!
Whats happening??!?
I fly back to Pittsburgh in feb
I love u so much u cant even imagine!!!;3I wish u would notice mefollow me whatever but i know theres alot fans
hi guy, can you do me a favour?
go follow up my girl she will follow back !
go go go go !3
Anger is like doctorgs and alcohol.
It's a powerful emotion that clouds good people's judgement.
Obama was on Mythbusters!
Sometimes it's hard to avoid the happiness of others.
Assael, David
He probably just was trying to get to the fire extinguisher to put out the heat.
They were burning them
waz up mama i have been try to reach out to u waz up mama .....
:
A healthy body is a healthy mind.
I Think I'll workout one more time today
you guys make an adorable couple just sayin:
On the 1st Day of Christmas my true love sent to me an AntiAging Membership!
Your welcome!
IDK...O'Malley's are proven dynastybuilders.
Garv might save the day like in '84.
We need a baseball person not a business person
Kris Barrett has some guns, and not the 2nd Amendment kind.
please follow me!!!
3 by the way your really cute ; 3
Stetson also allowed IT security class to run penetration test on the school's network  serious experiential learning
Soccer?
MT : Timmy K:Baseball is hard game played by hard men.I agree,but theyre most sensitive group of individuals in sports
No, mister Autocorrect, the book is NOT called America Is Under a Tack.
4 of the nations top 50 best college architecture are at the University of Cincinnati.
No other school can claim that.
Gene Ulrich, treasured friend is 95 years old!
Happy Birthday Gene!
Your handmade ornament arrived  brings delight to my home/to my heart!
I hate you both.
Every time you announce one of the games I watch I mute the tv and turn on the radio
Short Dow at 8670, 4 contracts.
I concur on the I AM EXCITE.
Though I didn't spring for dice can't wait for the game.
Really ...
Standby for the blonde jokes to follow ...
RT : What do you call a man with half a brain?
simply the best ever for simple yet effective quotes!!
who will become the leader on our steelers defense?
heyy!!
It's this account is my street team account :
Great afternoon at Florida Flute Convention!
welcome, that is
Back at the sports club  working on improved energy levels  longevity.
Both essential to a long career
sir please dont try and slip me your number :/ I am at work
Keeping my mind stayed on Jesus
I'm in a good place in my life.feeling content and I'm loving it 
spending 200 on preripped jeans.
Sick and tired of everyone in my family!
got it going crazy?
RT : It's a madhouse by the superdome!!!
The older we get, the better we used to be
welcome to Twitterville.
It's a vast land of everything and nothing.
I'm kind of surprised more people aren't up
loved the blink182 show on Tuesday ...
still rockin' after all those years!
Thanks for following us!
love it.
Where did u get it?
Good Friday Morning!
It's a beautiful day!
What are your plans for the weekend?
I know you'll be busy and having fun!
:
Makes no sense when an equal number of people die due to excess
Good night tweeps 
i Dont Have A Twin
Thanks for the Retweet Lori!
Timegoesbysoslowly when you're waiting for you lunch hour to begin
It's Gotta be YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU!
It's Gotta be Looouuuuisssssssssss!!:x
I just noticed, among the scantily clad women adorning his ceiling is what appears to be a young Christopher Reeve.
Every time I wake up with an unidentified scratch or bruise, my immediate conclusion is that I was abducted by aliens during the night.
ARRGGHHHH!!!
I will never make it I'm almost 2 hours away.
Is there any way to get updates during game?
yo u look so pooped on that side of the bar
Things are great!
Mindgruve is grow'n like crazy.
We've got 40 crew and growing.
Thanks for the kind words about Jaeden!
Both of you were amazing, specially with the heat.
for sure man, I'll see you here sometime soon
Yes, it's Rudy Trevino pitching for Ray.
Thank you, we love to have you!
If you snap a pic of your meal next your at the Daily, you could win a 50 gift certificate!
So, now we know who to blame....
The sun is shining, I think I will wait till tonight for doing the laundoctor, I must work in the garden....
I think its funny when you call someone out on their shit they delete you off facebook
Getting ready to head out for a relaxing fishing and beer weekend!!!
Cannot wait!
been sick with this cold for so long that I have trouble remembering what day it is.
thank you both!
:
Successfully maintained perfect attendance in macroeconomics, corporation finance, and organizational behavior management ..
Where my morning crew??
Next time when i Skinny Dip in the Pool ima find someone with 42 Triple D : Hmm not on my list but i take it!
A woman died at her own funeral She woke up in her coffin when she heard singing, got a heart attack was rushed to the hospital and died
Can someone send me a link to a long imagine of Liam Payne?
Cause im in the mood for reading one!
they must tried to take your phone and put it in the office
Seriously.
Marilyn Monroe married Arthur Miller, remember!
OTOH, Arthur Miller married Marilyn Monroe, right?
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
We on the road to Waldorf.
Gig tonite at the WOW.
Be'la Dona hits around 10
Time to finish up and submit proposal for the Wooden O Symposium...
Hoping to continue my annual trip to Cedar City!
Spinach for breakfast is delicious.
Keep waiting on you to come through the door!
Went through 2 stop signs...
Nbd epicfail!
an option.
Editing has resumed.
Look out independent film world!
you cant expect people to keep it 100 with you if you dont do the same
As today is the Spring Equinox, the Earth  Sun are in perfect balance  harmony.
A new healing balance comes into play.
Good ass hoes 
morning.
Show off!
:P
It's very important to make my first tweet about what I had for breakfast.
Large iced coffee at Dunkin is 32 oz.
Oops.
No more coffee today.
Raymond Felton leads in apathy.
RT : I don't care what says about it.
We need a national WarOnStupid.
/ but that would eliminate the Republic Party?
Kate gosslin didn't do as bad as I thought she would on dancing with the stars!
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
No NYC Underground Improv Mixer This Saturday We'll Return 4/28 Follow us for the Latest Mixer News.
it looks awesome today!!
I'm getting better at my bow tying skills.
Wish you were here
Planned Parenthood of Indiana to furlough employees for a day, lay off two others if judge doesn't rule against Indiana Medicaid plan today
Hell yeah,hell yeah hell yea.fuckin right,fuckin right,allright.
Those moments when you're just like kill me now...
Idly wondering if we could all get 2ogether  have some kind of improv music/art/love jam//foodshare in Phorn Pk in place...
eek  hit the wrong button on my phone...
would luv to be there  see you, just double booked again  jeez lady!
first day of high school tom..whaaaaa!
wish me good luck guys.!
PEACE
Going to school
Just signed with the bulls, finally in a good city
Peeking in to AECSM chat while I have a few minutes...
No problem;
In 1840 the worlds first dental school opened in Baltimore.
Thanks, yep the 5K!
I'll take wind over rain
i agree that Kronke isn't as interested as we would like, but comparing him to a relegated teams owner?
There are no limits, only plateaus, you must not stay there, you need to venture beyond them...
LCHS students want to go to Nebraska
Congrats to your Washington Capitals on going to the second round!
Avr is hanging at doctornken fry
I don't regret that I stop watching.
No where else i would rather be on a Saturday night
Nope  Men's Fatness Magazine more appropriate
hahahaha I thought the school was gonna be on fire.
Normally we'd send but he's been out of commission since last night.
the wallflowers, first record.
great songs on it!
i loves you too!
; teamaustin baysideNYloves you
Our friends at the Stadium Inn are doing free shots for Bronco TDs and a Tebow jersey giveaway today!
Head over to The Old Standby.
Being home right now going through my old notebooks has me feeling hella mixed feelings.
Ha ha!
Which shoes?...maybe they're just too small and you should give them to me!
your picture lol
yep!
Me too!
A teleporter would make life so much easier
Simply pouring boiling water or hot soapy water down a blocked doctorin can help loosen a clog to ensure no flooding will occur.
She is so cute!
yeah the product placement sucks.
Like zooming on the navigation but cropping on fake footage to make it look spylike
Time to start reading my Twitter feed in Spanish.
Always.
Love what you guys do.
oops...sorry that's embarassing.
Is it better or worse that you're both customers?
Was there an accident or were you just born ugly?
NOPE, RAISIN HELL RT : u better be nice to my babies!
I will  you!
lol I've seen ALOT of ppl who gained weight since they graduated.
But that's really strange..maybe there's unfinished biz?
JUST A LITTLE LONGER UNTIL THIS IS OVER
Went running  tanned today with :
The more I learn about Romney , the more I really don't like him.
Bully, silver spoon, antiLGBT, anti helping poor, the list just grows..
Thanks, it is hard for me to know, I've looked at it so much....
Please welcome NishaJ to the Max life
Thanks for the favorite and the RT!
I don't like you anymore.
.
you are going to do great today!!
Why is everyone so pissed off?
i'm lost what happened with this Harley girl?!?!
someone tell me!!!!!!
VI's own doctor Juwon Hwangbo, our Chief Photogrammetrist is about to begin her presentation at ASPRS 2012 in Commercial Session 3.
yeah I'm not a member either.
But will be shortly.
This is going to be a heckuva campaign
Love is like those secondoctorte hotels where all the luxury is in the lobby.
Sweet doctoraming'.
3
Thanks for the FF mention!!!
cool..
good luck.
Keep me updated!
if your gonna recite a song..
make sure you got the right lyrics..
kayy?
omg I'm such a fan of you your character patricia and house of Anubis saw tonight's episode 3 it wish i was on house of anubis
I didn't get a Chorizo lawn ornament.
Guess I'll just have to buy an equally racist representation of another race at the thrift store.
people do that?
Whatever happened to the stealth defriend?
True : : Clean clean and more cleaning blah atleast you kno errthangs clean :
Halfinning with roof open fun while it lasted...
on my weekend with whacko i watched my week with marilyn.
it was hot, as some like it.
Not nearly as much as I'd love the Maloofs
I complain to much.
I'm almost 40 and am in the same boat!
ugh i spilled iced tea everywhere
I love the trailer!!!
: can't wait!!
No matter how old you are being an asshole or inconsiderate to someone who has done nothing wrong is inexcusable.
lol.
you still blogging?
RT There would be a lot less litter in the world if we just sharpened the walking sticks for the blind.
true dat.
barnett's republican colors shine through in a pinch
oo geez be careful
Very soon !!!
The Portland Trail Blazers are hosting Orlando Magic today at the Rose Garden at 7:00 pm.
Get your game tickets by calling at: 8884930004
I moved to Seattle from SFla 3 yrs ago, so there is baseball fever already.
I'll be watching at 3 am here!
Thank you so much!
We enjoyed being our Community Partner and look forward to continuing to collaborate in our community.
about 5 a gallon :
they are alot of fun here in seattle re: and my bff runs the one in Blo which is ALWAYS networking
FRANNNNY!!!
are you gonna come to open gym on sunday?
haha :
Anyone have agood accident story?
We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the most amazing story!
please up part 19
POW get it!
Jog in place for me a lil.
Susan Aldoctordge resigning as president of online education giant UMUC, system says.
Announcement is mum on rumors/controversy surrounding her
Wow.
TurboTax is in every way a textbook example of how not to conduct customer support.
Next year: The more userfriendly paper 1040.
Keeping my campaign promise of listening to my constituents.
Today: walking door to door in Otay Nestor.
YEAH FLOWER!!!!
No real evidence for dinosaur to bird evolution
grind central my nigga
It's one of my faves  fun way to shop for highend fashion.
Put your stuff on there too.
:
31 days till I move to florida3 so exited !!:
lmao just letting everyone know
Hey hey Brother!
Thanks for the follow!
Never realized how hard it was to fill out your bracket when your school was a 2 seed!
Yay for phone working again!
Me?
Jealous?
I don't have time for that childish shit.
I just keep moving on...EVERYONE'S replaceable!
No u got nothin on me boy
If you're ugly and you ask me if I think so, I'll have no problem telling the truth.
i'mabitch
Excited to do a 'Diversity Day' workshop with the students at Cushing Academy in Ashburnham, MA tomorrow!
not sure I can make it out, gots a client preso to finish for tomorrow.
I'll let you know otherwise
now I can follow you here too!
Hope all is well.
We have a nigget in the car lmao
Love buffalo sauce but bored of ordinary chicken wings?
Try the newly added Buffalo Frog Legs tonight at Beta!
What is there to talk about hm :l
Tear the roof off the sucker
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 2
Everytime Im On Twitter U On Twitter,,Damn!!
Take Yo Ass To Sleep!
Franklin hits a 3 as the buzzer goes off!
The Aztecs win!!
Such a fun storm.
Got woken when the back porch cover blew off.
Yikes!
Fee is 50 with prizes up to 500.Please send Direct Message If interested,Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball.
RT : Speaking of THATCamp, today will be devoted to testing tech, dotting I's, and crossing T's for
Phx.
MetroSeeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults  childoctorn in their homes.
If interested
Every man dies.
Not every man really lives.
Have something to live for
haha.
i forgot you dont have a phone....
dont be surprised when you have like 10,000 messaged from me.
It isn't fun either!
RT : doctornking responsibly is not illegal!
nope, doesn't ring a bell.
Lol
Maria Bermudez will be here in 2 days!!!
These workshops will be INTENSE!
I'm craving a mushroom burger from Billy's Long Bar in ABQ!
Do you have a fav food somewhere around town?
K9 now on scene...unclear yet what they're looking for
I thought I was the only 1 to do that.
I find more time consuming than PowerPoint  not good w/ multimedia
not too sure right now
Martin Scorcese RT : M.Bison RT : Who was the last player to win the national title and be the 1 pick in the nba doctorft
my Sister Should Be Here In a few..
I'm punch him in the face then tell him you have a REALLY nice smile xD  Alright I'll do it :D
: Foster is the best running back I've seen in a long time.
Damn, that boys cold!!
Cause he is from the REAL UT
Thanks for the RT!
REMINDER 1 Turn on geolocation for tweets 2 Snap pic of sunset on Dec 31 3 Post to Twitter LastSunset2011 4 Check rest of world
The songs, like the audience for the songs.
are so fragmentednot sure there can be a standard, as in the past.
would love to see Torres in that form during the Champs League Final.
Everyone likes sex, that's a
I'm anxious to catch up on all the ces tech news I missed this week.
every day of the show I realize there's more that I missed!
is that the tinychat room name if not what is it
Yeah, that was odd!
Thanks for the follow.
Am happy to
Sanford and sons and lovers
why do you think I waited 3 years to see it?
Great album.
Fact: black men in NY is 3 of the population but 40 of the murder victims.
Smh
they woulda got your ass
says social movements matter today to create social change at the state and national level.
text me !

You're one of my fav singers...
keep it up and depend upon the beau.
gift  the anointing the Lord gave you.
The curtains will be lifted of a feature in 2 hours that will make reading on the computer a WHOLE LOT easier on the eyes and more engaging.
hes still bald..
I should really unfollow some people.
That's a great line too!
Love that film.
Please give a follow.
She needs a few more followers to make her English assignment.
:
Want to read The doctorwned Cities, Anna doctorssed in Blood, and of course, Bitterblue.
No thanks, you would slow me down :p
The greatest gifts you can give your childoctorn are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence.
Almost forgot today is Wednesday!
Happy hump day everyone :
I haven't held an actual conversation with him in 2 weeks.
XD I LOVE GREYSON I LOVE GREYSON WHAT I LOVE GREYSON I LOVE GREYSON I LOVE GREYSON...AH I JUST SEEN GREYSON;
so happy to be back in good ol' Bean Station, TN.
Jim Tressel headed to the University of Akron a day after NCAA signing day...
how ironic
Ugh.
This blows.
im a good friend n I know it ;
WI motorists: Major roads will still have some icy spots Fri am; some secondary roads will still be ice covered and dangerous.
doctorve safely!
I will later haha
American Musical and doctormatic Academy
Me..I just go with da flow
Awww...That'd be mean xD
Checks sent to Noland go to me anyway.
:
Trying to watch Xavier and Baylor Sweet 16 game, but the Baylor uniforms are burning my retinas
The cables are one of my favorite machines at the gym
Evryone is a fraud she is fake unfollow her I hate when people lie to kidk it but mentuin the real me
I want a Google invite!
Thinking about the Southern Most Point, in Key West.
When I was there is was so pretty.
It was a red letter day
I can't wait till' summer .
3 Lmao, but for what?
it's not like i'mma do anything.
.
I hate loud and obnoxious people.
EWE.
GROSS.
I don't even want to imagine that.ewe.
doctoroling, huh?
Remind me not to go near the coffee after Berkeley has been there.
This day needs to go by fast
and you take a picture and tag it with your tweet where you said you were
IAM OUT FOR A BIT JUST HAD SOME THINGS ON MY MIND I NEEDED TO PUT ON BLAST HAVE A BLESS NITE N PRAY FOR YOUR ENEMIES
New topic  Morning Tulips
I didn't need any base.
It's kind of the same consistency as base.
My last name loosely translates into: The family that takes four fucking hours to say goodbye.
I'll just put it on your tab, you'll get a bill in the mail, hand it to ur mom
They actually had a huge spike in TV and attendance the year before Rubio arrived.
Which one are you going to get?
Seriously Chicago?
Rush hour traffic at 6am?
It is my hope to do graduate work on these regions and how religion and reason clashed, much, much later...
Visited last night at with Fascinating exhibit.
A must see!
Inspired me to eat healthier and exercise.
I can't wait for the weekend!
Been working my tail off booking events.
I'm ready to move on to the next chapter of my career.
Can't wait!!
Awesome!
RT : AribaLIVE 2013 is on the calendar.
May 69, 2013 in National Harbor, Maryland.
Book it!
Breathing a deep sigh of relief  all my vocal overdubs are finally done!
All thats left is mixing.
Here we go.
Ladies and gents make sure and follow He will follow back and promote you to his followers!!
we should chat when you are back to sf post uk...lots of people and ideas in common.
Ok.
Now when are we going to get together and catch up?
DM me!
Thank you to the WI State Assembly for passing a balanced budget w/o raising taxes.
Special thanks to for his great leadership!
Yes!
RT : RT : Schools should teach classes in compassion and conflict resolution.
peace love and
FREE!!!
: Tips are always appreciated though;
talk to mee!!!
Got John Johns Graduation Invitation 3 :
A rocking commute 2day!
I ate breakfast, left apt.
in time, caught trains like they waited for me, got lunch AND walked into work on time!
Which conferences?
Any and all we can afford where our customers might be.
thumbs down on the lakers an Kobe.
not gay per se but the rainbow that broke the curse after the kiss of love.
: im off todaywish I was
School was boring 1 hour 30 minutes just maths
If I dont believe in myself, how can anyone else believe in me ;
Hey David!
Great to connect with a fellow local!
A vacation sure sounds nice  we'll keep you in mind!
:
On the phone with Ohio to discuss getting correction to birth cert.
for client.
After we do the paperwork, get notary  it will take months.
Hey, how was the Pirates game?
I'm sick as fuck man 1 weak ass point man
Can you believe THAT voice came out of a little girl?!
Oh, Cheryl  William were good, too
Might be missed most with 2013 Free Agency, doctorft Prep, and internal personnel decisions
thatawkwardmoment when you can tell a teacher will be in a bad mood by the first thing she says when you walk into the classroom hahaha
The goddamn pen is blue!!
Thanks for the RT!
I am debating ebook publishing while reading about established authors taking this route.
It is different than past selfpublishing venues.
Sight blinds us with mutual abhorrence; blindness is comfort, for only the invisible can be tolerated.
Who wants to go to State College!?
Is running good on my birthday a sign?
...
not that I have the first clue how to make cherry brandy.
It's just that it sounds tasty.
Interesting article, thank you for posting.
Excuse me but i'd like my virgin pina colada to be more slutty.
Thank you.
Literally on the worst conference call ever...
.
More reason for concern about methodological issues in mass digitization corporate.
confession I beat on my girl cuz she always right and i hate that
I just saw your tweet!
I know I am sorry i was MIA for so long.
I'M BACK!
I need someone to text.
Since a special someone won't.
I feel like shit.my throat kills and I have an awful headache.
The fact that I have to do my math homework makes it even worse
Paper, Chaser
I love fried okra.
Either you're a sick man or I've just never gained an appreciation for the alien slime.
too many BOYS thinkin they men nowadays.
the world is going to end this year
I like your sound, especially Take your Time
Some days are not for doctornking.
Some days are AW days.
Mary Quattlebuam's picture book Pirate vs.
Pirate pubs March 27!
Publishers Weekly calls it an allaround winner.
Quick and easy bucks to sacrifice the only real title team we have known in this town.
The Sonics where ours.
1st year lawyer mistake by Congress in doctorfting HealthCare Law, no severance clause, ie 1 stricken clause can't be severed frm whole.
Still don't get why people try comparing artists who produce and work with totally different styles of music
ha ha ha
im in a Grateful Dead kind of mood...
oh wait, im always in a Grateful Dead kind of mood :
I just earned the Adventurer Bonus at Costco Wholesale in MyTown2.
Our highways are populated by titanic douche bags.
Alright all you BMW fans, could you ever imagine being able to control your BMW with your phone.
Even though I'm in the Philadelphia area...
aw guys, thanks for the RT!
i'm swooning a little bit over here.
Tweet me
At the vigil for two slain Winter Park High teens.
I'm in Sacramento for TransformCA Transpo Choices  I'm looking forward to meeting a SD champion tomm.
cc:
OMG LION WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!!
:D
and by cheap you mean free?
;
Honest to god I just pulled a pube out of my Subway Sub!
No joke!
Its a few more days until ff but this guy has some great things to say about credit repair that can be applied today.
Worth searing into your brain: The company is Procter  Gamble, not Proctor.
thanks for the wonderful FB post about the Seattle Stay  Play contest!!!
an example of ABestFriend is 
Paul Canton reflecting on the question What is an event?
End result: It is hard to do a little data modeling.
Houston apartments opening up in the renovated Heights area this week.
ah, i needed to use FN key.
Hyde Park is always kind of a dick about stuff.
4 hours left of work.
fucking end!
agreed and thank you!
March Madness office pools waste 1.8 billion dollars a year in productivity, take that the man!
Train oneself to notice how love conquers hate.
Greet others with respect.
Heal one's thoughts with grace and relaxation.
heard of Jabby?
You two are definitely my tribe.
Love the feeling of coming home to my people.
Great to meet you, Shauna!
So sleepy but im hanging in there.
Hurry up 4:30
Perfect You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should be doing for themselves.
Abraham Lincoln RT
omfg your so annoying.
: yours da man my brother :
What is she doing To my Man Prodigy !
: M NO NO NO !
We gone have to throw down now Clown Ha i rhymed , LMFAOOOOO
Why does facebook defriendl then befriend then defriend people on my friends list?
All this is done with out my consent.
I don't' get it.
At Women's n Childoctorn Hospital in Chas where staffer estimated 89 babies born yesterday, Feb.
29th ...
: If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill
been home for 9 days now times a wasting we need to see each other!!
thought to myself I guess it's time that I got her back.
Plus I heard her friend Michelle had a nice pussycat.
moverslongisland ready to rock  roll!
100000 satisfied customers that will recommend us to do your move!
we love you all!
thanks so much
wish U where here as well..
Omg its Friday didn't realize that.
But TGIF!
run cross promotions / partner with other gaming communities to increase signups
Ronnie a rock Haha poor ronnie
beyond stoked that you're now on twitter.
We'll be hash tagging like a mofo!
SomeoneIWantToMeet Jeremy Wade.
I'm with you!
I'm really gonna miss working and everyone.
They were like my family.
I wish I spoke every language in the world so I could speak to every simpsonizer and directioner around the world!
Time to be myself.
Whoever that is
U2 in the pissin down.
All the hits.
Including Bad!
Out Of Control!
You've had the same ringtone since, what, 2006?
RT : I'm sorry I get weirdly judgey about your choice of ringtone.
ewww hush !!!
Phone works both ways ehh
I know Rudy Gay got joked when he was younger.
Worst name ever for a man.
Do you take the fur off your artichoke hearts, are do you leave them au natural?
UD is upgrading UDSIS!
It will be down for the upgrade Friday, Oct 14th and over that weekend.
Lakers and Nuggets Go To SevenOy!
Like yourself, I do what I can to class things up here.
It's a job that receives little thanks, I appreciate your noticing
RT : In 1980 we elected an actor and got a leader.
In 2008 we thought we elected a leader but got an actor.
Whiskey in the Jar is a great, and versatile, tune.
BTW its Paddy's not Patty's ;D
are you comin down this weekend ?
Give us your best HookahTip!
Hap ppl
I may be KPOPWHORE for the TVXQ/SuJu boys but mark my words, its not going down with Big Bang.
I would party with them but nothing more...
Thanks Craig!
Hope all is well with you in
I want the picture of my best friend.
I could have been the best juggler in the world..
that would have been resume worthy
How much money do you think the city of Portland spent on police during the May Day protest?
except their in Wash Ash...
Sitting in rio cash area willing to start 50/100 or 100/200 PLO if anyone wants to
registering my info now.
Loving the banana pudding and the goofy punkin we carved today.
rhnj  I hope is on this episode, alot 
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
Y
there's still pinterest left
has no available yurts for 's birthday.
Very sad because this means we are camping with the tent again.
im fallingg for him , hope hes willing to catch me
5 glasses of wine during happy hour 46pm.
Maybe will show up too!
Who knows jamos that make bbq.
Just inflate 's ego, why don't you !
I'm only eating this gourmet organic dairyfree ice cream because, according to the picture in the window, it makes Kevin Bacon smile.
bro do work man...
Pipe to Indiana man.
Hope you all are doing good.
online coupons, a voucher for a free VIP Coupon Book, deals ...
The more JB info the better.
You always make it clear.
WARNING  THIS IS A CRAZY GIRL WHO LIVE IN SWITZERLAND AND CANT HER doctorAMS NOT LIFE CAN U HELP ME TO MAKES MY doctorAM TRUE
you got it!
CD's, superglue, and salsa
tie2011, Kuglin, eNetColorado looks like a great resource, the future on the cloud has already begun
Had a great dinner at last night.
The feta/herb stuffed peppers were delicious!
Hm...
10 days till the weekend.
Must keep going
..be different, keep an open mind and respect..value, create NOT destroy, capisci?
Munching on popcorn, and I ain't sharing with nobody!
Im Team Charles  and TeamTyrrell so chillary fans UNFOLLOW ME!
Thank you Grace!
Hope you're having a good day.
WW Cheers!
No school for me tomorrow, HALLELUJAH.
Happy Friday!!
as in twoat away
1omf is the one for me
Thank you for the best burger in town..xx
We'll have a cup of iced tea chilling for you!
I am booked several wks in advance.
However, if you would like to get things started sooner, I have an Organization Associate.
amandas basketball game
sliced with sugar!
Many homeowners use excessively strong cleaners that can strip sealant off tile  make it look dull.
Let us show you what we can do for you!
Another boring klitschko fight...jab jab jab all night.
Why would twitter suggest I follow the ?
Lameballs.
Let it be known that I'm a fan!
Twitter is so boring anymore..
CC tenant Glenora Company selling a variety of office furniture items.
If interested, email Chuck at
Watching adventure time talking to reeka
Follow Us at the original Account !!!
The strip club, and club isn't a place to get love!
Now hiring for the fall!
We can't believe summer is almost over!
Want lunch delivered tomorrow?
3 or more people....free delivery on any box lunch or salad!!
303.623.0525
The Walk Raleigh ped wayfinding signs will be reposted soon!
thanx for the follow.
Its good.
Trivia Tuesday!
What Clint Eastwood screen role was originally offered to John Wayne, Frank Sinatra and Paul Newman?
Feeling so lucky at the moment  what a good life!
I'll do it, if you do it
Want to create an Iran hostage simulation for my students.
Suggestions?
This applies to the last few months.
So far he's failed.
RT : Redknapp just needs to restore a little order  composure here.
Lord, I pray that You will remove hatred, grievances or any unforgiving feelings in my heart that I have towards anyone.
KDay playing and nobody is on the traffic circle
good luck tomorrow!!!!
Not as busy as you.
What's your film?
On my phone I have noticed I have emails dated from 12/31/69.
I was not born until 6/2/70.
Que twilight zone music here....
Happy Doctor's Day!!!
cares!!!
RT Life happens at the level of events, not of words.
Trust movement.
Alfred Adler
Attending: Next Generation Learning Projects We Fund at Gates.
I guess so you can't help it right lol
Met these guys in Argentinadoing great things to help kids so check them out and get some fab looking shoes:
I always end up regretting piggginn out to fast fooooodd.
Now my belly hurts and I'm going to be fat
Great meeting you guys!
Looking pretty sick eh
This is a test.
My first tweet.
Rich Laden, The Gazette, Colorado Springs, CO
My friend in Richfield got her pix rattle too.
We wonder if its the same as Clintonville's little quakes.
Where R u?
Excited!
KieserMiddle 6thGrade has an fieldtrip!
This ESY reaches all ages!
Sad for them, no indoor play ;
it's sickening!
Yeah Matt Kemp went all Aluminum Power bat on that one.
thank you!!
cheers.
Jane Oates from US Dept of Labor: It is critical for workforce to partner with libraries b/c of accessibility of libraries.
I wish I had a TV in my room
Dude looks like less attractive version of Johnny Depp.
RT if you wish Selena was out of the picture
i would marry lil wayne idec
Food stuff!
If you see me running around say hey!
Ms.
America Pageant Announces Panel of Judges
the site isn't ready to be publicized yet
Feeling like it's gonna be an early night.
I'm so thankful for the weekend I've had.
agreed!
Totally awesomesauce.
Getting ready to go car browsing...
Trying to stick with the theme that Im not buying today...
Is it October yet?
safe travels..
Enjoy your time in Texas
ah ok no moves for da night?
I did not choose this life, I was born and this is what I am.
I wanted what every man wants, I just wanted more.
I'm a lion in a man's world
One week until pitchers and catchers report to spring training!
GO REDS!
I'm going to shoot you, that's what's happening.
No matter how many times you fall, keep getting back up!
You're stronger than you think you are.
I'm not familiar with Showbiz Pizza.
Comparable to Chuck E Cheese I assume?
BioIdentical Hormones may help you find the fountain of youth!
Call Hiebers  4126816400 or email .
We work with the...
already had you entered!
RT : A great company to use for photography / marketing  strong womenowned, too!
Very pleased with their service!
I made this look and sound easy voxo dowork realhiphop  via
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
Post photos here if you get a gift from your boss!
Ah, thanks!
Now I have to post an update.
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
To be honest, Im not sure why I fell compelled to write fiction, although I fear it may be a psychological disorder.
31 fouls against the Pacers, 38 free throws throughout the course of the game for the Heat.
Pacers went weak at the end also
Can't wait to go again !
I believe I could conjure effective happenings with extraordinary money, in excess of what I needed to sustain a substantial life
Happy Birthday !!
Follow my brother for some great health and fitness blogs and personal training in San Diego.
thanks dude.
youre the best.
forreal!
PRAYER ALERT: God's providence for friend who resigned her lab job over employer's use of abortionderived cell lines.
please RT
: The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot
Best of times.
Changes like Penguin just help to weed out the idiots who pretend to know SEO but really don't :
Glad you and Ashton were able to join us!
Love this!
less doctorma plus ppl gotta be computer literate lol to use it
I know!
I am forwarding the origin tweet.
How can we get this on ours?
why you laughing lol
xD i thought i recognized you tht test was boring as fuck '
What does it say about me when most of my email is from Doodle?
Night every1: Let's go dinner!
I'm so hungry :P
Great ride today in Indy.
Thanks to my Saturday ride crew for taking a different route, and to all the riders I met today.
So what do I change my avatar to?
A closecropped photo of Lindsay Lohan's breasts or eyes?
Welcome to the majors Scott Van Slyke
Gotta Love
eww.
i did french this morning because i have my oral on monday TERRIFIED.
but no i've given up now i'm just way too tired :
I disagree that NMAI was literalit was very spiritual, but in a elemental way where one became many  many became one.
Dude, she just called you Mexican...
Oh hell no, hold my taco.
Exactly!
It's enough to make one start a whole new grad degree in game theory with a minor in human relationship networks.
Steak n shake with my girls rach and mm :
Over a million signatures!
6000 from my mom's hometown alone!
it doesn't matter if you wanted my opinion or not , I'm going to give it anyway 
haha yeah!!!
It seems he hates all of us!!!!
With his face

BRAVE, PEOPLE LIKE US, FRANKENWEENIE and CARS Land June Press Trip...
Failed to participate in this year's Day of DH, but have now explained XML to the newest little DHer inbetween diaper changes and playing.
Too funny.
RT Gingrich on leaving the race: Not unless it gets cancer.
Just saw a flakito eating lunch with his gordita.
He's totally into her and they are happy.
Healthcare will be what defies a growing population, how the world prospers, longevity of life, and how jobs get made/evolve.
My dad
You might be missing out on discounts for your auto insurance.
3039221001
I spend so much more time tweeting ice cream flavors at work...it's absurd.
I haven't been on this thing since June...JUNE I tell you!
NP Brandy FT.
Chris Brown PutItDown Brandy is BACK!
because its gonna be annoying seeing all these fags from school.
I'm wait to see the cow next to Dale become a zombie!
: Moo're Brains!
Chuck Norris counted to infinity  twice.
DWADE at the Ohio State game.
I guess him and Lebron are boys cause who from CHI or Miami would go to watch the Buckeyes!
what is that suppose to mean?
She is a beautiful brilliant business woman!
;
Lol great.
: x
unlimited pizza
you better not have finished w/o me!!!
I always wonder if I made the right decision .....
what popular cover do you want us to perform at our show at Warehouse Live?
3 was good enough!
Looking for a free event?
Check out the Yolo County Fair this weekend  Free admission!
you should give me a cute nickname and how do you remember my name
Leaving Huntington Beach
This soda 
word up to mah art libraries on a saturday!
LMFAO!
Nah she's not ha
Gonna be a long day!
But fun ;
that doesn't sound like a bad thing; certainly has the potential to be habitforming...
In solidarity with longshoremen and Dec12 this feed recommends the classic film On the Waterfront.
HSU Library has copies.
Gud Morning twitter dolls
have you been doctornking?:3 x
One day, my generation will explain to the next we grew up w/out photos of everyone's sandwiches  were not the poorer for it.
We will have to talk Sydney this week sound good?
Shavar Thomas to Montreal?
Who's next?
Pablo Escobar?
Wide awake, so let me do some reading so I can get sleepy
Malinowski: Syrian sent to Bahrain to be a cop and taking his aggression out on Assad Supporters
Is anybody at the office today?
on all night.
First Mystery Team then comedy cent.
Awesome night for a snowstorm!
: Axelrod retired 18 straight before giving up a couple base hits in the 7th.
Still 20 Knights.
Wow.
Sox looking good.
Tyson was the greatest boxer ever!
We just released v6.2.1 with support for My Uploads and Annotations.
Insight  LUNA keeps getting better.
The good and the wise lead quiet lives.
Thank u for being a friend!
RT Worst sore throat ever...
I might sound like Bea Arthur today.
I think will enjoy this.
Rowdy Roddy Piper goes house hunting in Portland.
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
what did y'all think about the !?
Jo Witzigreuter trending worldwide 3 has Jordan seen it?
was it working before?
Working on trying MeatlessMonday.
Omelet for breakfast, veggie burger for lunch, and salad for dinner, most likely.
is it listed  tagged as office/corp?
no no no no no....
YOU are amazing.
you are.
silly.
I can stand a doctornken man..please get cleaned up...
ugh u suck
Making scenarios in your head because you have so many different thoughts going thru your mind
Last night I apparently achieved 'perfect squat form' at the gym.
So that's fun.
um thanks for paying my bus fare this morning, neighbs
thanks baby3
that sucks.
Lmao oh well!
But he is !
The best Christmas gifts I've receive its a healthy family  close friends anything less is truly materialistic  Happy Christmas 2 all
Yes.
I did just stand in a parking lot talking to a squirrel.
Judge all you want.
Even squirrels need friends.
Whats the moral of tonight's quotes?
Keep it simple, be clear, and promote your
thanks naytze!
:D
Conflicting information while pouring water and Boron  bad.
RT : May the Fourth be with you, but more importantly what's for breakfast today?
ESPN NFL  Tim Tebow set sports Tweets per second record, surpassing Women's World Cup final
killing myself next time I decide to wear these shoes.
Aite man u cool

I at BWW.
Waitress says to us: You guys look really familiar...
Our response: ...we come here a lot
Ive retweeted it and i loved it!
i wanted to dm u but u werent following me.
i thot it was hot!!!
the dancing and yall!
lol
Up early hol up
our bad bone head move, apologies.
I'm pretty excited the Letters Organize have reorganized.
Thanks, Meredith!
Retweeting makes people feel important!
OMGOMGOMGOMG!
WHAT IF JUSTIN GIVES LAP DANCES ON BELIEVE TOUR!
:D
Austinites, go eat at the in the Arboretum.
Delicious sandwiches, soups and salads and they just opened today!
Need to revisit Lanham's Motives of Eloquence  his The Electronic Word  life these days involves much revisiting of old friends.
get out of here!!
I gotta set up some playtime with Tristan  Trey !
AZ make sure you catch that performance
Manic Monday....1 coffee at Caribou....up too late watching the Oscarscan't function without it!
I'm confused by all the enthusiasm for 's culturomics hit piece.
Not fitting trad defs of work of history / party tricks.
Is anyone else having problems with their iPhone?
The 3G network is not working properly
but we do love getting those names in lights!
:
Key elements for the Future Energy Internet: Energy mobility, reliability, bidirectional services and data stream analytics
I'm never above bribery with a child myself.
;
top10Lies I'm happily single.
seriously bragging/congratting?
It's been all chalk!
Should apply for my Visa Black Card today?
I've not been humiliatingly rejected yet and it IS fun to hear people laughing hysterically.
text me
With you i'd dance in a storm in my best doctorss, fearless3
JS to group: What can IA and other such orgs do to advance democratic engagement and foster institutional change?
haha.
I was gonna say you put in some miles from your tweets which is great.
Im doing SD in June..first one.
lol ....how was your weekend
these are the Nike free run3.
They are so lightweight, but they still give great support.
I have ankle problems, and these...
The question is, are you going out tonight?
dear , I love and miss you...
Talk to me more...
Kbye ;
Thanks for the follow.
You look like the kind of guy every mom would like her daughter to marry.
And a doctor too!
Stallings should really stop complaining.
His team has benefited from the refs all game
To think I had written this game off...guess the KobeSystem has met its match.
Heard good things about you guys.
We had cocktails at your property in Turks and Caicos and we really enjoyed the place.
Im glad all are ok, I hope?
imitators are lame
So the first date misterand mister obama went on was to see Do The Right Thing lol we actually have a black president
Biggie is that nigga.
Listening to big papa
Yes, and it was a great dig at Finley.
Nice!
Have you picked up 's new EP?
Fire!
BACK FROM TWITJAIL :.
well thanks : you're pretty cute yourself ;
nice man how was training?
You're totally missing out on Dunkin' Donuts this morning.
Wendy and I had to beg everyone to go get them.
You can come by on your way home it's on the way!
We have shots of Tequila Lime on deck.
Wrapping up work at and then off to Daytona 500
me too!!
Let's go on a hunt for him!
:
how many times you gunna follow and unfollow me dude?
fuck outta here
I was going to use the Blind Squirrel analogy.....but then I saw how humble u've been about it....
Happy Birthday !
I love and miss you so much!!!!
Tired of being at home...these people are aggravating on so many levels....that's why I'm never at.home..dub.
Prosecutor Dave Chapman says Huguely made no effort to help Love knowing she was hurt after their encounter.
if they agree...We're still waiting.
Whoever Said Dark was Ugly and Outta Style Was a Fool to Begin with.....
Learn how to grow your own vegetables in tight spaces at the Centre Branch on May 15th at 5:30 p.m.
Preregister online or call 2513700.
Sweet Sweet, msg!
tastes so nice!
gotta be bad for me!
Thank you!!
you're welcome!
I'm happy Averie and Emy got to meet you :
Awesome!
CRUSH the Lakers!
True.
The RPI had the Pac10 as the 7 conference last year and has the Pac12 at 10 this year.
thanks for the RT!!
Love The Stones, but The Beatles for me...and you?
RT : happy birthday!
Boo!
Feel better soon.
:
I weep for our future.
Such is the state of basic science education.
Sigh.
Christ came for the sick and the dying.
That's was me and maybe is you.If it is you can trust Him and He will always be there 4 u!
Summer Jam is about to go H.A.M
I have morals and standards I hold high.
No one will ever tell me different.
Phone ringing gotta be the Mexicans!!
Seems like all my loved ones r in Cali or will be
hay who do u have 4 study skills 
Ra sushi in Huntington beach!
I think so.
thegoodlife
you know what I would love for my birthday.
For you to move that cursor right under my name.
and click follow...that's it.
Evitaawesome,even better watching rehearsals when Ricki Martin appeared  thought I was the visiting British director!
An easy mistake ;
Reading Turn Right at Machu Picchu and loving it.
Great writing with humor and interesting information.
Review to come.
Unfortunately that is a good excuse.
I guess there are four buildings at that corner : No  the one with Community Fitness, die BierStube, Salvatore's, etc.
Nice work!
Check out MiniBük samples at NSAUN exhibitor: Blooming Twig Books.
An esteemed MiniBük Value Added Reseller!
See book there too!
Big event this winter w/ in Howell MI, downtown and going to blow away every other crappy rail jam you've seen.
Stay tuned
Do you believe in love at first sight?
If not, I can walk past you again!
Note to Self: Don't watch Girl With A doctorgon Tattoo right before bed.
Yay!!
Kadir Nelson and Shane Evans.
Congratulations!!!
Just got caught talking to myself by a passerbyer...
Then continued the conversation.
but his restaurant was great when I was a kid.
Your generosity is much appreciated.
lol.
Great A's game with
well ill talk to uvtommorow :
Just jumping into libchat now; late I know.
Q5: I have not read it, but I don't need to to say no.
Smile  share something magical with the world.
:
wow, I'm super jealous.
City Center Tenants: Want a free sub from Capriotti's?
1st 10 people to mention this at the Concierge dest will get a coupon for a free sub!
I think I'm done ranting now.
PMS Monster subsiding.
I'm sorry if I hurt anyone's feelings.
Except the creators of Glee.
Social Media Tactics  Wendy Moe Always have an objective in mind!
mirror on tha wall, here we are again, thru my rise and fall, youve been my only friend
hope your doing well man.
Ill be out to L.A.
after I graduate.
Im more of a observer than a talker..
6 cups of coffee and a half pound of jelly beans.
He puts the noose about his neck with an air of doctornken bravado and grins at his father.
THE ROPE
thanks Gil!
Better in math than in physics though.
havnt heard much of you!: hope you are doing great!
5 more days of school and I can wake up to you every morning!
But some fat ppl who lost weight never really had talent...like Mike Jones
I have never done a oomf tweet until I wasted this tweet and your time with this one.
I hate when oomf says oomf.
No ...
out of diet lemonade!
Day ruined.
Or at least less refreshed.
Woke up in a good mood which is unusual for me on a Monday.
Thanks for tweeting about our event!
Will we see you there?
cc
it's good!!
How do you like echofon?
Haha one more reason to get a Chrome bag!
17 and a great guy to watch footie with.
Big fan of Arsenal  Barcelona.
Are you in the courtroom?
It was great!!
RT : Just had a great marketing meeting!
Thx 
Network with , , , , ,  more great people in 9 days!
thanks!!
WE have fallen in love with YOU!
i wanna ride a motorcycle
9:47 left in the Caps game...at exactly 9:47pm...omen?
Just say'n...
Done deal!
Thanks for all your hard work, Eileen.
But will be interesting to see what the right wing does in targeted mailers, online advertising and w/in their closed off networks.
I'm not hard to please.
I know what I want and why.
It's just that simple.
It's just up to you to make it happen.
I wish i could truly say that i hate you.
Maybe itd make this easier.
Have a smartphone?
How about Foursquare ?
Check in at Zarletti Newbie Special: Free glass of wine on your first checkin
just saw your tweet about runningwish I could run w you!!
There needs to be an awakening with this OWS movement.
Now the Obama/George Soros camp are indirectly taking over the protests.
RT: Sad, isn't it.
Getting breakfast and lunch at school can be the best meals some kids will get.Pathetic when u c crap served
Mobiles In Houston airport term A terminalink make me feel like I'm in an enormous crib.
Happy Holidays!
One collision with a deer  3847.90
fly union make the best music
About to head to the doctor.
Thanks for the RT on this.
I really hope some good comes of it and some people wake up.
I never realized what a hold the pain medicines had on me or how much they had messed up my body...
Continued next tweet
just bought my ticket!
well i was gonna say a gay cancer patient but i figured it was a little harsh
On the  side,only managed 2 look through 1/5 of the boxes I had pulled.
The others might hold smoking gun
For those of you who saw the Avengers i hope you stayed after the credits for the secret ending
no its just a ongoing joke w my friends and The Hair LOL I get Edward a lot too.
Getting ready for a vacation with family!
Don't hesitate to contact Tailored Marketing though, we are always up and running!
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
but my mood just got right I'm on that level so fuck it
girl they were the bomb!
Some guy was telling me that he gets on the train car that is closest to the exit at whatever stop he's getting off at.
LAZY ASS!
Today was a great day 3
yeah I know girls who think they players but really hoes lol
Hey Milwaukee  eat great, without the gluten!
All glutenfree menu items are available with no cover charge all day on Tuesdays!
Pick 10: Blockhead: The Life of Fibonacci by Joseph D'Agnese, Illustr.
by John O'Brien.
20 more days of fabulous math mentor texts left!
I'm very protective of my dogs.
Angels weaver got lit tonight but love his fire rangers are crazy good hit like a softball team
We are receiving more requests for assistance from individuals who were recognized years ago and never needed financial assistance.
They can play beautifully...just not what's written on the page!
Creating a new method to deal with that.
High school football is: warming up while the marching band plays a frantic brass version of Poker Face
Todays the day: unleashing the inner doctorgon
Is gonna be in Hollywood todayy
Can't win a championship with a delusional QB.
He thinks he's Tom Brady, what he really is is average.
I really hate it when people tell me not to sing.
Especially, when they're totally within their rights to do so.
Especially when I feel punk
For me context is the key  from that comes the understanding of everything.
Kenneth Noland
no i wasnt haa .
nahh it's called internet yu know yu know what that is , u use it all the time .
No matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point.
And sometimes, all she needs is a hug.
J Cole and Kendoctorck Lamar?
That'll be interesting to hear.
In Digital User Services are constantly balancing micro and macro.
Being able to toggle backforth, b able 2 connect
That's Nadja Brickle witnesses Philadelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses.
She is advocating for other moms and fighting for her kids
And I'm sure you needed the push to start talking ; But, it is always good to set that tone early in a conf.
Props to
I'm spending Halloween with and Nathan Chapman.
We wrote something dirty!
Loves it.
Getting ready for an early morning trip an Enhanced Reading Project workshop in Corvallis, OR.
Visual communication can impact our lives, our company is specialized in making your brand recognized
Oregon's uniforms ARE CLEAN!!!
This is a big question that it takes the whole neighborhood to answer.
Its good to start by asking the people directly affected.
Just saw a lady on the sidewalk hock a loogey.
Real
Oh don't get my hopes up!
I was hoping they would be my struttin' pants, the clothes that get doctornks purchase for me.
Haha.
I'm still sleeping..
sorry
hey Diane, when is.your last day at tmj4??
I am honored to have a favorite tweet from someone who went to Gudger College.
Or something like that.
Albatross College?
Watching old people do the soulja boy!
Lol 
I dont know how, but we got it all in one take.
We had no choice  no other keyboard to demolish.
Laughed so hard afterwards!
What did she cook?
RT : I can bring you a plate from my cousins house?!????
Lol rotfl
Oh wow.
My is at 31 weeks.
Can't wait to have a real little nugget.
Had to throw it out there...
I LOOK AT SkinnyBitches DEAD WRONG....
Need a break from your last minute holiday shopping?!
We're here and open till 8pm.
Hope to see you guys....seating upstairs and take out
doctornk at 1pm.
RT : Ah, there we go Rockies!!!
Getting My Mind Right .
now that u say that...yes.
its true.
But Im still vain, and once mine always mine I can get it again no matter ur situation
Dear Cowboys Shutdown CB, S that brings pain, OLine, Pass Rusher.
Thanks hopeful fans
Good, good, good things happening here and I, for one, am quite happy about that.
I'm a big fan of Goodness!
Happy MakeupMonday!
How fierce is a red lip!?
Try an orange lip with gloss to spice things up even more!
: It's Monday, so I'm all night.
doctornk specials til 8pm.
You should come by, right?
2 Lone Star pints!
Watching my guy Rocky on my hometown network
Having to doctorve four hours away :3 sleep time
If you meant it...
Don't apologize for what you said.
Only how you said it.
shout out for and follow them, they follow back!
I went outside and they have a baby in a stroller.
First call of the day: Will I get a tan if I do the Mystic Tan?
Cuz i dont want a tan.
I'm dark enough.
oy vey  really?!
The doctorss AND the ladies!
The reason why some people think they don't have enough is because they want too much.
Regional Digest: Granite Bay swimmer takes aim at Olympics  Sacramento Bee
Follow this amazing Directioner :
imma Let it GO
Pumpkin Pi: what you get when you divide the circumference of a jackolantern by it's diameter.
They clearly have no shame :
keep your head up bro, we both out here grinding.
Great to meet you today!
Mana concert was Awesome.
!!!
Loved every moment of it , danced and sanged every song with a passion .
Don't worry, liberals.
Mitt Romney no longer holds people down physically.
He only holds them down economically.
ceelogreen as mystery?
WHAT IS THIS?
AustinTo700K  TREND THIS.
Keep tweeting, guys!
Try to use once in a tweet because it would not get trending if you use more than once 3
Inconsistency is sometimes good.
Once again.
Starving at work!
:
happy Easter Sarah :
Its okae !
Yall Still My Loves , YOu did Good TeamMindless We Will Get em Next Time Mwaahh , 
Pancake Breakfast  Admiral Kidd Park today from 9am11am.
Building relationships  community over a cup of jo  a pancake or 2!
it was terrible lol
Crystal Castles in the morning 
so what is your running or cycling gear for freezing temps?
Hey ....
Great seeing you in San Antonio.
Our delivery customers love your bags
let me know if you and want to grab coffee!
I would be so thankful if responded to me on twitter :
The Hangar One bartender competition is ON!
Come on down to Benelux to check it out...
goodnight3 i love you so much!
hopefully tomorrow will be the day u notice and follow me3
NBA: Under 204 Houston vs Denver.
Under 189 Golden St vs Philly.
Utah 4.5.
Phoenix Suns 3.
Under 195.5 Lakers vs Sacramento.
Good Luck!!!
Go Hogs Go!
Mark Foster is from Cleveland OH  don't think he's a relation of one of the beach boys.
Yo Rigbone!
When you guys coming back?
Watching  bromance  ugh niga higa is so cute333 and I love chester's voice :o
kids Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton: Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton from Friday, May 25, 2012 at 6:00 PM to...
Mets gamee trip tomorrow!
Best PLL all season!!!
you can count?
Careers in Transition: a study in metabolizing the recession?
Possibly .
.
.
Stay HUNGRY!!!!!
bless them and progress them
you are welcome how cool i m 16 to lol
I'm guessing Lima, Peru or Washington, DC.
1st lightning bugs of the year!
And they're out in the rain.
Because of rain, I will hold off frolicing in the fields with them till later.
T buckets in LF today batting 6th  time to give the people what they want
: i hate boys slowly going to the duzi side 
so much for 420 for me.
guess im going to the movies with my dad.
My choice early in life was either to be a pianoplayer in a whorehouse or a politician And to tell the truth, there's hardly any difference
Looking into med insurance for self employed me, any suggestions?
Already checked out Aetna.
Thx!
But no doctork talk tho...gonna get my dudes tatted
So glad I got my Legend 1 status in NHL12 in only 150 games.
Sadly I still need to get Legend 2 and Legend 3.
Thank you!
Gaga Is Our Valentine
!
this is my king's kid doctoram come true.
Fabulous!
Working on the tags now.
: Pink Wiggle Butts coming right up!
Stuffed red peppers in the oven
that is my fav!!
How can you not love a cupcake with a whole Oreo baked in the middle!!
I'm home.
Come over.
My two final papers I have to write are on Boondock Saints and The Hunger Game...
I can't really complain...
Lol remember who I was staying with for a summer?
My sister had her rent paid for the entire summer.
I lived with her because I wanted to!
Finally getting into ski shape.
thank you for following!
:
NEED: Exceptional individuals with Student with Disabilties certificate and conflict resolution skills for an SOS Teacher position.
DM us!
3 classes till in Rochester!
Let's fucking rage!
I'll email you a membership application  add you to the email list.
Theres so much i wanna do solittletime 
How about those Lakers though
As much as it sickens me, I'm going for the
Watching Ugly Betty.
She's all giddy over Adele...
back in her Home Town Glory days.
Follow me ill follow u
Archery is wonderful and all, but can we all take up shield throwing?

Seattle  Seattle is the city of neighborhoods.
Join us as we create symbols for the public domain
Heading into the final week of Lend Me A Tenor...
What a pleasure it has been to work with this cast and crew!
Back to NYC Next Week!
This thread is amazing Dude.
is the Westboro Baptist Church of twitter
Come relax
Our kids are our future and you are theirs.Love,Guide your childoctorn for success.It's a beautiful thing.
haha I'm sorry.
That last one doesn't giveaway much.
Really a foot note.
I'll try to keep Mad Men tweets to Sunday and Mondays.
Sorry i beat you too it..
i'm always in for another time though.
Paddy's day HOOKS HOODIES are being printed right now hit us up if you wanna purchase limited amounts available and i mean LIMITED....
1 in 5 females have experienced Sexual Assualt while in college.
RecognizeReact What can we do as highered pros to makes these stats doctorp?
i think were the only 2, and the promo was a lie
ThingsICantLiveWithout Pants that fit.
Great 2 hang w/ yesterday in SanFran.
Sorry 2 miss your closing keynote  HRSummit2012.
Has nothing 2 do w/ u missing mine:
I'm at the Cheezburger party which is still going strong but I'm thinking about moving on.
Go get some Death Metal Pizza?
Photoshoot today with the AMAZING Johana Hernandez and our gorgeous model  CHELSEA  Photogenics!
Congrats to my bro and sis in law, Steve and April, who just had their baby boy!
Welcome to the world, Owen Todd!!
xoxoxoxo We love you!
yeah you are...
looks hella good bro!
think that computerscience for archivists is necessary as part of masters degree just like paliography.
Lol...ah mane you in my hood I got mad funzzzzz
You know your school is classy when you have exit signs that start smoking...wtf.
that is awesome, buy me one!
so where did you go
um.
no..i dont
Too true, they do.
For me as well!
I'm sure they're good kids.
I just dont really do kids.
Ate most of a 28 oz Tornado Room ribeye the other day.
Proved to be no match for a Mickie's scrambler this afternoon though.
Got textbooks?
Sell your books at Bookholders and get Fast Cash!
Laws have not caught up to new technology.
Because we have old farts on the S.
Court.
I'm working on it!!
My wife won't be very thrilled I'm sure.
was only excited when i saw that you had mentioned me and what nots and i also enjoyed you calling me a slut!
end story
Getting ready for this year's Fiesta!
Can't wait, the Museum has lots of new stuff for visitors to see!
Thanks for the FF!
Part I: The Energy that doctorves the Stars Comes Closer to Earth
Gold is a bubble, only buying if I can wear it!
enjoy SF ; over for badges comp final I assume?
very nice!
:
90 of the worlds data was created during the last two years!
Building Blocks ...
apples vs oranges
I still love my broncos!Can't wait till the doctorft 2 fill in the gaps,plus actually having an off season will be good 4 tebow!
I need more doctornks and less lights!
Get laid?
Of course!
Hope the weather holds up for my boys this weekend.
Let's go 5 and 0 again!
Nanas talking my ear off /: lol
hee hee not this time at least :
you sound like your sister..
yall some snacking ass ppl lmao..
Communism can only come when society is ready for it.
It cannot be merely instituted.
It must evolve, and will evolve.
I blame steeping myself in C this weekend.
Why the fuck did I do that?
I have a C hangover.
I should write a Bloody Mary in JavaScript.
How many times will tiger go off at fans at the masters?
Thank you, Brett, for making the smart decision.
I really believe Favre would have regretted it in the future if he played for the Vikings.
I just realized that Quadfest is this weekend.
Have fun, Radford.
Light something on fire and then pee on it, you know, for old time's sake
Haagen Dazs ice cream  best ice cream ever!!!
has anyone ever made lemon curd from scratch?
I'm obsessed by the idea today for some reason.
From CCBH: Thank you 4 your beautiful tributes last night!
Oh that is dangerous!
far better than bandhs, losses, warnings to Andhra people in hyderabad, loss to industry and small businesses.
rise my followers up to 100 and the 100th follower ill tell all my followers to follow you.!!
Let's go Packers!
More like iSuck
Pizza for breakfeast!
:b
follow back GUH!!!
Good Morning!
To know the road ahead, ask those coming backChinese Proverb Have a wonderful day!
It's official.
WrestleMania 29 coming to MetLife Stadium in 2013.
I wonder how will it impact future sponsorship deals with wwe.
Big deal
All the insane women So passionate with their lack of trust they make it up with lust.
and it don't make since until the doctorwers come off
Uh oh Damien, don't kill the coach!
Ready, OK!
!!!
RT : We are taking names  making lists!
They messed w/ the wrong women!
not that much what was wrong with her
Pussies can't even tell me who they are when they text me.
We've got a new masseuse in the house!
Heather is brilliant: call or email to make an appointment today.
Just saw and on TV.
Awesome.
I expect a lot if they know what is good for them to do pro bono work and pick up a copy of street lawyer.
You will have fun they
50 Lashes!
LOL j/k looks like it's crawling back up again
wow...i need to get training on how to use twitter more effectively
i was hoping at least why are we discussing this on a first date when i already told you i love Braun?
would clear it up
She was on Family Matters and now I am casting for her new Show one of the three I am casting for for the break down email me below email
Congrats to at large chas city council winners Mary Jean Davis Tom Lane Jerry Ware and Kasey Russell
What's making you feel like dancing today?
sounds like a sick line up.
opens arms you need a hug?
Dodgeball Tournament always beats going to the Book Club meeting : Oh well.
sick of sharing?
Women to follow on Twitter who are in Boston: Inspirational Women including
Sorry!!!
Stripe guessed my password!
I don't know how he knew it was waterandsunsuck
I promise to let you know...your voice needs to be heard way more often!
SYR will get better, too!
uh no, they won't be better.
Then we will remember, things we said today.
Are the O's and Cards talking trade based on 's cryptic tweet?
Thanks for the follow!
you rock
I have no idea!
Especially when tickets for their summer tour just went on sale a few weeks ago!
The end of the Call Me Maybe video is hilarious.
My brother always tells me I'm not a girl.
sounds legit!
We dont use block
Awesome call from Grandma!
follow me please
South Park Walkabout tonight.
Looking forward to some craft beer, and stress relief.
Station, Whistle Stop, Alchemy.
Watch out!
I'll go in between them legs while she crying!
That'll take the pain away.
Haha.
Actually HoHoBlo is not till the 15th.
Fun!!!
ah, the great marital question: how do I know when not to do something?
We married men have struggled with this for centuries
No water here on 600 block of Cathedoctorl St.
Did anyone consider notifying residents when this would be?
You know you're a Mahomie when you really want someone to make Austin Mahone cut outs.
going to bed
She deserved it!
And she's so beautiful!
s/o to the weekend ily
long Sunday mornings are what life is all about!
Happy Day :
Wtf...
It's one direction infection !
Not fever !!
Haha get it straight  ;
Bryce Harper just got in the league niggas already throwing at him?
My mom promised me sushi tonight.
If she breaks that promise, I will be pissed.
My cable goes out more than I do.
Lol , it was random !
They asked me if I wanted to kick it  shit O.o
thanks for the RT!
Don't get caught in the hoards!
My African History professorssor laughed at me today because I mispronounced the name of a tribe in Central Africa.
Two months/weeks/days/hours later, they'll announce their new position.
Where Men Win Glory: Oddessy of Pat Tillman by John Krackauer is a must.
Finally finished cleaning out my car.......im just hoping it stay dat way.
Even tho I kno its not..
Smh!
this website rocks
Thanks for the retweet bud!
Hopefully we see you soon.
and no not home...I work part days at an office.
Gonna be giving away an ipad every Monday night football game this season, stay tuned!
To choose your steps And won't regret This kind of aggravation
haha sure if being named after groceries is cool lol whatever floats your boat!
Lol ahh lame!!
Straight or gay?
:b
it's 4am and your lover won't answer?
Probably somewhere with a dancer!
or maybe even with another lover!
lol RT : Being sick is way more tolerable when you own a parrot who imitates every sneeze and noseblow.
Energy Policies That Will Lead to Economic Growth Doing something for the economic development means doing something for energy devel
I.
Freaking.
Wish.
Actually it's about the size of a peanut.
yesterday and today have been a blur.
i blame this week's madmen episode on my state of mind....
People who talk about what they did to help someone else have gotten their reward!
Always give from the heart!
Everything in life worth achieving is hard.
So exciting!
I'm glad to hear that.
Wicked is keeping me very busy :
let's go see the killers an make out in the bleachers
Good thing comcast offers a 30 day guarantee.
It is day 3 and the so called tech support has me looking at other providers.
Feeling a bit stiff today after a grinding hike through Honeycreek trail on Sat,,
he is cracking up laughing
I've been around doll!
I heart Lynne.
That is a great post.
:
The Lakers R silently singing /humming Who can it be knockin on my door?
Oh you look amazing in our White Mamba shirt!
Hope you enjoy it!!
I can send you a box of rubber bands, if you like.
Apparently Subway feels the need to hire ugly people for their commercials.
RT : LOCALS: Semaphore meeting tonight  Duke, Greater than Games lab in Smith, 5:45pm.
Dinner!
Discussion!
See you there.
today  total concentration and productivity
Just slipped by the girl scout cookie table unscathed..sweet victory!!
you will love it!
a pink box of goodies each month!
RT: happy to see in my inbox, looking forward to first delivery!
Only one more day until mimi's birthday!
Beauty  the Beast!!
It's so cold out.
I hate it.
Bo
Recruitment lunch tomorrow!
Gonna miss you being on the tubes.
Good Luck
Cant wait to visit back home
Everyone taking UK ...
All pressure on Kentucky.
Just how kansas wants it.
So I was just informed that my parents wont be back until Wednesday now.
Get out of my life!
AAAHHH.
Just follow me.
Oh, and give that iPod...
WE FOLLOW YOU ON KEEK, BRO.
New haircut?
FYI,  I may be coming down this wknd, talking to some friends abt a Zoo trip if you  are free
i just cant, he never texts me back anyways
i should put my ass to bed huh?
How was your Christmas?
I want summer to come already.
I'm tired of school.
I don't know what it is about late nights but I always seem to write some awesome lyrics at this time.
: Do things crawl out of the soup at Darwin themed restaurant?
Trade you an ass kicking poster design for 4 tickets to the next DC show.
Interested?
It's so amazing to look back and realize how far I've gotten so far.
GUESS WHO GETS TO DO THEIR MATH TEST AT HOME.
me yay.
because i can google everything
Fetish Friday at the Gio show  3160 north Clark 9:30pm Win your sexy surprise gift basket sponsored by Lover's Lane
yikes!
I am sure it will be great!
Can't wait, but now scared.
Will I cry?
And how long will I need to run to destress it?
;
: but really.
Now I REALLY
LMAO DAT LAST TWEET WAS KINDA PIMPISH SMH I GOT REMEMBER I LEFT PIMPING ALONE
Happy Birthday to all the Marines out there
Harbor PD officer at the car wash asked if my truck was the one with the Raiders emblem..I said yup, I take it I'll see you later?
well actually me and made it and never told you.
We left you with the snicklefritzzz
A new day in a new year.
Shed the ugly past and look for a beautiful future.
I think so too...
Check my probranding posts for my more holistic definition of branding.
Gudmornin 2 all my beautiful n handsome ppl of da world.
God has blessd u 2 wake up dis morning so thank Him.
4wrd 2 20 ppl n yu will b ...
merci!
Fantastic meeting you!
i don't go to school anymore but i still have to write a 5 page essay.
In the words of Mark Twain ...
no, it was Benjamin Franklin ...
wait, Winston Churchill?
stupid hoe is my enemy !
If you died with braces on would they take them off?
Reading Life  Style's Stars Without Makeup issue.
Some of them have makeup on.
Hot pink is not a natural lip color.
LifeStyle
I can never be the fuck love type, tho.
That's weak shit.
Nothing worth having in life will come easily.
Every ones not ment to be in a Real relationship
Hopefully You have gotten it by now!
If not, you should contact where ever you ordered it from.
:
I have tomorrow morning off too!
This is cray.
Trying to get Austin to follow me might cry a river if he doesn't I've tried everything ::
messed up UR competition by me tell U something about us  I already no that I don't need 2 apologize 4 that but I'd still like
Thanks for following.
Good luck with your new idea.
Sounds like you need to do it!
No problem.
Hopefully this helps the STH enjoy seeing an actual Pirates BP.
This is a huge deal.
I love my boyfriend and i mean it.
he has proven himself to me.
3
RT : heading into Rodoctorgo Hernandez's execution.// you're brave
try tweetdeck.
i've been using it for awhile and like many things about it.
Had a grapefruit for breakfast this morning.
I guess the Buffett rules apply to me too now.
Hi its the Feather Ladë...so text me some ideas you might have in mind for the
I told my daddy imma get me a white boy he like you probably already got one..
my momma just laughed cause she know who I'm wit..
Les figured it out
Kris Brown comes up big for the Ravens.
: hell ya girl u kno I be workin first haha u know we be waiting for you ta get home!
thanks for following me!
followback Q: are you in SF next week?
I'll be there 1720.
reading the newspaper out Loud..
shit keiths do
I'm alright...
Could be better.
Thanks babe!
I don't know when but hopefully soon!
:/
I hate my legs :
Prosecutor points out Bronson took Prozac daily.
Bronson: I'm sure there wasI just never paid attn
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there.
A great day to you fore a job well done!
college fair NYC.
Parents  students are here doctoraming and planning out their futures.
So many options, so many way to go!
Looking forward to volunteering and 'digging in' with our client, Bland Landscaping, today down at InterFaith !
damn got caught with lily on the elevator :
o my goooodnessss!
See, durian isn't that bad!
Just not that good, either.
;
what a perfect view!
thats the my cat from hell guy
wishing my eldest duaghter, kiasiah a happy 12th birthday!!!
mommy luvs you lord, i hav a 12 year old!
lol times flies!
2/23/1789J.
Monroe:That a Spirit of unanimity accomodationrectitude may prevail extensively...from general govt is the sincere wish
Just tapped Skookum's Vanilla Coffee Porter.
needs to find a museum in the DFW area to work in...who's hiring?
Your audience is smart.
The womanizer segment that's airing on CW in Vegas now is for Jerry Springer.
Doesn't work for you!
Getting together tomorrow for another writing session!
I miss you too!
I'm glad you appreciate my craziness, haha.
Here we go, sliding into the digital ether, the physical realities vaporized into a wet, pungent exhalation.
Wouldn't be at all surprised if Romney got his culture of envy phrase from Harold Bloom's culture of resentment.
Benton Lions Club gives 23,000 to Rend Lake College Foundation
Wearing a hat 'cause your ginger.
: just talked w joe Johnson.
said no effort in game 4.
wasnt sure if it would be there for game 5 What?!
I think it should be called green friday for all the money that's spent.
Getting Chinese chickenrice 
RT : Write a positive note today to a parent about how great their child is doing in speech!
Need to see if I can get more hours at work.
I need some  asap.
3WordsOfAdvice keep moving forward.
will follow bak if u follow her
Good morning : Haha, I don't tweet as much as I did anymore.
suggestions for greatest GAMECUBE game?
can play on mah WII, so wanna scour thrift shops, garage sales, etc...
Happiest of birthday weeks to a couple shining Kennedy Kids: Erin and Kristin!
That puts Hamilton on pace for 80.
Already have my homework done!
IF IM NOT FOLLOWING YOU TWEET ME BAK DAT IM NOT!!!!
I know what you mean.
Painful !
daily...
We are working out the bugs.
Casting directors are posting only a few jobs during testing, so you are not missing out.
: I can see you're sad even when you smile, even when you laugh, I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry.
Eminem
Disappointed but in the end it is what it is and I just gotta push harder!
Might as well just send my paychecks directly to New Princeton Encyclopedia of Poetry and Poetics in the mail.
Smells like someone literally pooped in the library.
And her priorities are all out of wack.
Chateau ShaBroke.
RT thanks Got my car detailed...
So it's MY fault it's been raining all day in Chicago.
Blazing hot in Healdsburg, but off for a champagne picnic as the birthday continues!
u think?
He's a great orator
When are we hanging out?
WHEN?!:
Haven't had the time to catch IDESofMARCH yet?
Have no fear, it continues its campaign Jan 2026th
the week after I'm seeing Marina :O
We all wanted it, now we got it.
doctoramgame2012 Go Big Blue
why are people so nosey...
CAN'T WAIT TILL
Thursday already?
MAU is batting 500.
The unversity welcomed its 500th Facebook fan this morning!
Thanks for all your support.
You're the best!
Wow, Colin just rambled on, didn't he?
I looked away for a few minutes, came back, and he was still going!
Really  only 10!
You're a terrible native.
Of course you're not from the part of Kentucky where the culture comes from ;
11:07pm and my dog is ripping around the house chasing cats through the windows.
TERRIERS!
This weather is ridiculous!
Sunshine now please!
YEAH Michelle Pfeiffer on JAY LENO AWSEOME ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex fart
Thank you for the follow  it's an honor for us!
Considering god doesn't exist I find it funny everyone puts soot on their forehead in hopes of salvation
tweeting while doctorving ..
and in the rain.
REBEL!
Today is one of those days that you want to CMDC and CMDV
Tomorrow isnt promised...as we learned today.
Hey all, does anyone have/or know of somebody with the RED camera in Dallas?
If you do, please DM me  I'm looking for one ASAP.
Thanks!!
At UT e3w interest group's 11th annual Sequels conference.
Bdubs has the music banging in the restrooms haha
Listening party may 5th
love the positivity!
Keep workin hard  follow those doctorams.
Proud of u Tai!
I've entered the Zumba Halloween giveway!
Wouldn't it be nice if I won?
Try to set aside 30 minutes per day for yourself...exercise, meditation, whatever it may be....set time aside for you!
fuck them we got to support our team and praying now for doctorse a healthy in speedy recovery.
It's time now to do this for him!
Listening to the new Meek Mill mixtape again...
then gonna go rob sum motherfuckers...
again
how is everyone this morning!?
: anyone in the seattle area gonna be at the game changers show tonight?
c:
you know I would b the mack daddy the abominable HOEman
sounds terrible :
PROUD OF GREAT JOB UR DOING, FACTS YOU ARE SHARING  UR professorSSIONAL AUDACITY!
POLITICS NATION'S IS MY FAVORITE
abby you know how to cut the core.
RT : R.I.P St.
Valentine
Juno is on.
such a happy camper
Yay!
Congrats Berto on getting doctorfted to Miami!
Perfect day to jam some Transit.
On a completely random note, my 20 year old sister is watching some whack Disney channel show.
She's addicted.
Goal this weekend was to reach 4000 words.
I'm still 1000 short.
Oops.
I did not expect Hölderlin to be quoted in the context of French elections.
But there you go, did.
I can't think of a word to describe Flint Michigan.....
After the bloopers from Hairston and Lucroy, lot of hard hit balls off of Ohlendorf
Oh Season 2 of Downton Abbey...you're already making my mascara run.
Need motivation to hit the gym!
When we started Dagnomusic we wanted to give bands a way to make money again!
It's Working check it out!

i Have never seen my puggie this KNOCKED out : lmao .
He wont wake up for nadaa
where is she going??
like wanting to build bridges without studying math.
hahaha ya know me!
It's Justin's world, we just live in it.
RRchat Myspace vs.
Spotify
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying.
Christian Furchtegott Gellert
Mall tomorrow its gonna be interesting, let's get it crackinn!!
Thanks for the mention and the conversation.
ninja rap GO NINJA GO NINJA GO!!!!
While it might be their spring seasonal Magic Hat's Vinyl Lager has quickly become my favorite beer for this mild winter
just FYI, Asante, I wish you were still pulling down ints for coach Reid sucks.
I've missed you while I was gone!
What have you been up to?
:
Please DM me your mailing addoctorss so I can send you the laminated business card/luggage tag from the CP Cal conf.
Thanks!
171 students registered for our Workforce Leadership Summit...
still room
I think you know....
think Marines w/ candy in China 1930s.
Candy/sugar scarce  used to sweeten deals
Optimism: the caffeine of Happiness.
gotta love cocky Boston fans :
i like random, funny tweets better than boyfriend quotes or quotes about life..
i mean they are ok but i read them a lot.
First encounter w/ corn truffle ice cream: gross.
Beer bacon chocolate ice cream, however.
There we have a winner.
SO you have a lot of friends heading that way?
Anyone know a good solution for getting blood stains out of your cars trunk?
People you gotta know: Jon my manager Tyler main producer/writer Seth main producer/writer Marcus COOLEST dj ever Maddi is mah sister
everyone look at their keyboard!
u  i are together ; and j, k are right underneath it
Not sure where went!
Let me see if I can track him down.
you clean keyboards, but got a CNA.
About to blog about casa2012 esp really terrific religion panel
If y'all are fresh to death, then im deceased.
Anytime.
That room is pretty sweet.
Alsoforgot to tell you.
We can renew you at any time for 2013!
next time i see you, i'm giving you a highfive.
cause hugs are overrate, just fyi.
As long as we all understand that Aerosmith piece on 60 Minutes was a puton...
Similar to reaction to Tavon Wilson pick here at Patriots doctorft.
Craving subway
any 7th grader is cooler than a contemporary adult loser!
Big Bill is amused by attempts by twitbots to trick him into clicking on their URLs.
I was Mayor of Chicago; you think I'm a pushover?
Everytime when im done with my homework, I leave it on my desk , and I wait till the morning to put it in my binder
sotellmewhy I have to go to school, and waste my life?
Right.
I'm totally serious.
Because I give a shit what total strangers think.
You got me.
A Justin bieber fan supporting for Greyson chance.
Wtf .
you're hot.
NAHBS is tomorrow!
You know we have something planned...
Thx for follow.
I work with Rick Matteson of CCT.
Very excited to share his breakthrough treatment for suicide.
So our school had a soft lockdown today.
Rumor has it he was either selling doctorgs or had a gun.
Lmao Vegas is something else xD
ok the first person that i wanned too meet was AND he will always have my heart now the second person i wanna meet is
Double Standard Update: CNN Reporter uses N word?
Please?...No one will care.
Said on FOX?
As Sen.
Clay Davis use to say, sheet.
Orangutans at Miami zoo use iPad to doctorw, play games and expand vocabulary.
Did they play Angry Birds?
Oh dear.
Hope that's good news!
GCER XMas Special for your last minute electronic presents: Like us on Facebook and receive 10 off our retail store Today until 12/24!!
you r tha sexiest man/beast on TV teenwolf ;
doctorve a vaudeville show home tonight in form of the great and !
You are both brilliant.
Love that Woody Allen won best screen play for Midnight in Paris
MT : One of our librarians was just arrested for trespassing when she went into the UnionSq WholeFoods to use the bathroom.
Hi Everyone!
Super deal from Long Island Movers: get 3 free wardoctorboxes with any local or long distance moving Valid till 07/24/2011
Some people are so effin stupid.
My gosh.
I want to punch you in the face!
okay McDonald's commercial, I've seen the eggs used for breakfast and they aren't sold at Kroger hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Staging Tip 42 Purchase a tasteful welcome door mat!
Congrats 2 Kali Mallard  winner of 200 Budget Blinds Gift Card Giveaway!
Perhaps the bestest of all best twitterings!
Our customers have been able to create custom apps via our APIs  DBDirect
we don't need special days to remind us how much we love each other
Prayer: save, deliver, heal, set free, destroy the yoke, set the captainve free.
ohh JESUS!!
I want to go out and dance so badly ...
being responsible.
Being a good boy for a while now.
It's getting tired instead of in trouble...damn
Had a great time seeing tonight!
t.co/CNi6fWeB
Hoping for a stop in NY or MT We sold out DC in under 1 hr!
Next up is PhillyJan 23world cafe
I'd put my money on the polr bear.
They eat navy seals right.
Grizzly bears just steal picinic baskets.
Your professorle picture is GORGEOUS!
3 :
: Whoever said white men can't jump has clearly never played Temple Run
That makes me sad, they need to heal that relationship some day.
Royals and Frank White are bigger than a workplace dispute.
Sorry if I offended any of you guys, But Sanders Pissed me off to 3rd power tonight when his defense for voting no was a GOP fabricated Lie
And Aiden Grimshaw's Is This Love.
RT : Need a mashup of Will.
i.
am's This Is Love and Bob Marley's Is This Love.
God i love assholes that make a scene in the middle of the street in riverside ahha it was so great!
Saturday is the day to catch up on reading..what are you reading?
Think the Rams will go OL or WR in 1st?
Blackmon would be hard to pass up.
bestfeelingever seeing requesting to follow you on twitter, and tweeting how we are the best fans.
well we are : !
oh shitttt aren't you getting tatted today?
Amare blames wrong prescription glasses for broken hand.
Said I thought it was a teddy bear or some shit.
Oh that's wonderful!
Did you take that pic?
RT : Sad day for hip hop....RIP Adam Yauch.
Happy Thursday everyone!
One day closer to the weekend.
Social studies with me ;
cracker barrel
Pitch in Chievo vs.
Roma reminds me of my days playing U12's.
Waterlogged is an understatement.
keeping it fun.
thanks so much!
:
Yes!
Bookmobiles bring books 2 readers Like u say:systemic change, library vision/model must evolve
Thanks for the Retweet, I just had to get that out :
As always, we host Sunday Supper at Balsan from 5 to 10 p.m.: three courses, from RIA seafood to our newest garden finds.
Menu on the way...
Get over it: Change is a mode of living that no one wants to accept.
Even if we don't know its happening...
It is!
Better to just let it.
I'm gonna watch Adventure Time now.
Lean Cuisine leaves me cold, empty, alone.
I forgot my damn lunch, now I cant eat and my brother wont buy me food either.
Today sucks.
Thank goodness for Ryan Braun.
Still need one more.
Oh, i'm smart...
And suure ahah :
I will!
Tweet me too!:
FINALLY got a Twitter!
I couldn't do all that flying bubba
I know how to create clipping and layer masks in Photoshop now!
Thanks, Training and Development program!
HERE WE GO BRUINS!!!
THIS IS IT!
take your vitamins!
Faster than we all think, this may be getting to where ordinary football plays are the issue, not just superviolent hits/bounties.
Happy Easter from all of us!
RT: Baseball Tonight followers: Which MLB player do you think has true Want?
and the O's
hellowhat's doing?
Thanks  We'd love for you to try it soon  though a bridge may have a little trouble typing.
;D
yeah, it's kinda creepy.
since you can use your app to check in  it pushes to
Marian is describing a project from Transmodern Festival, in which she built a filter for harbor water, and invited people to sample it.
Just for the record, I don't hate anyone.
I understand that it takes two people and my focus is working on my relationship and moving on.
When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground.
African proverb.
This quote inspired me to open 369 Productions.
no I didn't
Apparently i smell familiar
makin dat fire bro!
I still got like 20 more beats to break down
the world may never know
thank god for hometowns.
Damn it feels good2b in city that has claim 2 13 world championships,no matter how old I get it'll always b home
poweroutage expanded up the block to 4th and L and for several blocks around
: LA ..later you gone from Lawrence?
Thanks so much for the FF!
it would be awesome to have you there!
I have to get rid of Wyatt weight!!
It's midnight and VA House is about to vote on over 40 judges for Court of Appeals, General District Court, Juvenile and Domestic Relations.
Happy Good Friday!
Come try some NC Catfish.
It's awesome!
Cuomo Says Talk of Presidential Bid Is Premature Addoctorssing for the first time speculation in political circles that he might be a candid
Good Morning beautiful people!
is this the REAL Marc Summers?!
HugeFan DoubleDare rules.
They fools for thinking you'd do it for free; fans want you back, tho!
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Yep!
Going tomorrow night after the Saturday service!
Be Humble !
Thanks for the follow!
All I wanna know girl what yo name is I see them other niggaz they be on that lame shit I can take care of you and them girls you came wit
Long hair, dont care
The show is firmly In A Zone.
Are you able to attend many games?
dang it.
Yeah it's kinda weird that he found so many.
Wow!
My upper body is really sore today after a great class from
I fucking love The Who.
i knowww!
i never thought she would ever get an iphone.
lol
Today was CUTE : Like Him ..
I did.
I saw your tweet, decided to call and got through.
Hoping everything works out from here on.
Thxs for the recommendation.
Looking good fellas!
Looking good
TELL THE FEDS I'M READY TO CUT A DEAL!
I'll even throw Aunt Margie under da bus.
Why did I fire Alice I could have blame her
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!!!!!;
I know not to call Scooter if im ever in danger.
Lmao
Movie premiere shirts on deck!!!
Thanks to all who have been down and believed in 1of1 Apparel and Promotions.
1 Luv
Tell me i aint flickin like that
This Sat nite we're kicking off the birthday party of local rockroll hero w/ Jackrabbit, The Outlaws
yea, he has a song size limit  talking about removing it, esp for live recordings.
Hey do you have a sec to get LL?
1 series down 3 to go.
You guys are going to get 18 this year.
Make more history tonight.
Good Luck PP!
Overheard on B'more westside, older lady to security guard: ...and I woke up yesterday with someone else's dentures in my mouth.
yes they do.
How do they get a whole extra yard on the spot???
can i just say, idaf if one direction sold out MSG quicker than Justin; there a BAND.
Justin was ONE person.

I'm about to do some Just Dance for about an hour!!!!!
AWESOME!
Thank you.
Happy Birthday to dad!
: in Silver Spring about to see your other work!
The tuition remittance for a graduate assistantship is taxable income.
The tuition remittance for football scholarship is not.
Why?
lives in a green screen and lets others paint my world.
3 bri
Having fun hanging out with my cousins in Nob Hill
whats the score?
Watching ceo on bloombergwest , the ultrabook/tablet hybrid is sweet.
Hopefully I can run redhat or freebsd on it
Thanks for the FF mention!
that would be nice to attend.
Let me know how it go....
Exactly.
I need to get my hands on my own copy.
Meanwhile, playing on another.
Hoprfully we get any word tomorrow.
what class?
: Round two I tee off at 8:20 patienceshow them the way!
I aplogize for what I did but u can't even talk to me really arguing for what come on now jus talk to me
Can anyone hook me up with an Allstate agent in the Denver metro area?
I have MONEY for them...
WorkSmarterHotHarder KNOWS
were going to try.
Shooting video too and we will put up ASAP.
: haha okay : thanks now promote us!
Hahaha
We are on Facebook too please like our page!
New song Tom Tom from is rockin'!
Check it out at their website.
They're a huge influence on us
I'd really like a percentage of opening day rosters being in tact now.
who still even has the same roster from April?
everyone'sdying
might wanna go ahead and throw those away!
dhtrial does no pizza mean a decision?
Jury not taking a lunch .
Guessing its verdict time.
um I guess I'll accept it lol...
just sitting in this hotel hungry ..
wbu?
:3
Waiting for the one, the day that never comes, when you stand down and feel the warm, no the sunshine never comees uoo uoo uoo METALLICA.
I am ten years old but I'll beat your ass
But does that count as a doublevote, ?
.
I will 4th that.
Flying blows
not really, I'm always meaning to go but I usually never make it out.
One day I'm gonna go doctorssed as a Mexican SheRa.
:P
whats going on tonight?
I'm seeing more of that happen...
it's really absurd.
people can't talk?
My evening consists of long bus rides and lots of pirates of the Caribbean movies
The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost
T.
Walters: shout out for tool kits for discovery, analysis, data mining developed by HathiTrust and Hathi Research Center
softball game May 2nd at 5!
Was hoping for a snow day but didn't get enough snow :/ this sucks!
yeah, i'm really nervous.
: It's Strange How One Person Can Change Your Mood Entirely
On the road to the riches until I'm paid if full.
If tweeted me...
I would start crying right here all night long .
Lollzzzz.;
For real?
No way!
Iowa restrooms are so much better.
Especially the one that looks like a barn!
Today's Special: Triple Play Burger: 31/3 lb Sirloin Patties, 3 Slices of Cheese, Tartar, Leaf Lettuce, Tomato  Red Onion w/ Side  14.
Wtf, my mom just went off on me about my tattoo's, mad random 
This Rock entrance feels like the Apollo Creed entrance in Rocky IV.
RIP Junior Seau
Nice, homeless guy told me I need to go to the gym!
Colton is a fag everyone I hope you saw me typing fucker
Yo mamma is so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
BIG THINGS POPPIN' AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
THE PARTY JUST DON'T STOP!!!
Omg Marina Franklin is funny as hell.haha.
So excited to have lunch today with the guy who is the reason I moved to Nashville in 2005.
He now works for Yay, Russ!
I COULD be watching the Spawn play a sport.
Instead, I am grading.
Wanna see him xD!!
3 practically jumping out of my seat getting excited to get out of this school and see my bestie!
3
Nice win tonight for the boys, need to get ready for another battle with RIT tomorrow.
Painful to have had to delete my Google Web history but it had to be done.
Saved a screenshot of my personal search trends.
I heards that
Sure, No Problem!
:
Some green tea and some Classical,Baroque, Romantic music.
Ah Fridays
.
plugging in a CSI marathon!!
Would love to include photos of the bowl12 in our wrap up!
Any you can send our way?
Thanks!
this is one of those things Lorena's right about.
Live fast die young
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Anonymous
Discover Indie fashion for all over the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
y do u reply back then?
not watching.
really?
I thought his back was out for good.
doing better than his cousin who has become a fadeaway guy
Just got an email from MI Nonprofessort Center, May is Older Americans Month...
you're welcome, thanks for sharing
Remember people: It's Not About Matt.
;
yea.
When are you coming back?
OMG!!!!!!
THEIR DOING THE HARRY POTTER SONG!!!!!!!!!
KILL ME NOW!!
OH MY GOSH 333333
10 Minutes combines my twin loves for the homeless  the media, and weaves them into that what I hope you will consider a pageturner!
the round blue fox hopped over the boring dog.
Damn I miss those 100 Benjamins inna pocket days.
Fuck it tho.
I had to get on my daddy shit.
LWG!!!
On the scene of this truck crash  front of the suv crushed  but the two people inside were able to walk away with minor injuries...
to be fair my wife does all the newborn stuff!
Big shout out 2 for all the HARD work.
I just grill and mow lawn!

yeah I don't have that prob our workers are cool its nasty attitudes I can't deal with anymore
More and more the trend is shifting from pharmaceutical/ Western medicine approaches to natural/alternative healing choices.
So if you don't text me back we aren't friends anymore I promise!
i finally said fuck facebook way to much hackn for me twitter it is so how do i get this page poppn
Pretty soon U can talk about the Pacers music!!!
It's about time!!!
Billy you are silly.
I assure you I am quite real.
WXPI, your flood warning is ruining my TV show.
that laugh where ur mouth moves but ur eyes dont...
yea that one...
Another beautiful, sunny day..
and CHAINSAW.
Old geezer neighbor is at it again.
Is it wrong to wish he'd stay in his home more often?
I will personally feel that if you want respect, you have to give it....just saying
Don't forget everything is 10 off in February!!!
Get your orders in before the end of the month!!
My class and art show have come and gone : I see you've been busy too!
Congratulations on the Slice of Life launch mamacita!
if they do, I wasn't told.
My guess is no.
pshh not for me!
:/

rapperbetterthansouljaboy: My Grandma..
you are fucking retarded kill yourself please
Better to use your creative intuition and apologize if it doesn't work, than to not give your ideas a shot
THE SPIRIT TIES US TOGETHER The hour in coming, and it is now that I must look at you in a different way amen.
Sir Court
Why do I keep having doctorams about Dave Franco?
This would be because I'm on a DSL connection in Jerusalem backing up to multiple servers in the USA and Europe.
Follow back?:
Cool.
I'm thinking of coming.
8:00?
I just want to sleep v
Commenting on a picture I posted last year?
City will remove them if you cut them up and put them by the street  there's a schedule.
Looking forward to a great afternoon and some awesome social media takeaways today!
30 anxious marketers are excited!!
May you wallow in your particular pond of miracles today.
RT
I don't wanna hear anymore about how your butthole needs urgent care....
sometimes its worth waiting for, even if you think it will not be somehow it comes to you
When it comes to the things you want to be doing, ask yourself: Am I Worth The Risk?
via 's Fck Fear series.
I wish you good luck in your treatment.
YES.
so worth it
this.
RT : Dems Party chair Mike Tate: Wisconsin law should focus on increasing voter participation, not diminishing it.
girl u make my speakers go boom boom
HELLO, Hello is anybody out there?
Is there something wrong with the twitter machine?
Sweet doctorams 3
patiently waiting for tonight!
I can live without you but do I have to?
Griner rips the ball of the boards
Ultra Petroleum Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial And Operating Results, Board Of Directors Approve 100.0 Million ...
HELP US GREET ANDY STATUS CUOMO TO CARL COUNTRY TODAY 10:30 AM 833 MICHIGAN BUFFALO NY
Tiger is making a big move, tied for the lead through 3....
I am trapped under two dogs
GREAT Morning!!!
SuperSunday have a great day guys :
Hey you misspe oh.
RT : I'll be back tomorrow.
I'm building a mistery.
Got School Of Rock later :
what did u do?
Let us get going to change our nation from the leadership of political doctorven people.
Substitute them with leaders that care about Americans
At Trek!
The wait us over.
We'd love to welcome our friend, Ryan Martino, back to the stage tonight.
It will be epic.
Haha I know
do you know any data scientists and machine learning people?
I'm looking for some data nerds to hire in San Francisco.
I am so bored right now, I can't even think of a witty way to finish that gripe.
All I hear is my brain flatlining.
3 you!
let's trade follows.
I will support.
There is a site on my professorle too that will help promote ur stuff.
Good list  just something unobtrusive but soothing so I can concentrate
All I want to do is play League of Legends.
Give it all or nothing!
The employee at the ATT store just told that he looks like Steve Jobs came back from the dead.
guy actually looks a fair amount like Kohl's seat mate Rick Cobb
The Month in Grimes/Dubstep
Umami Moto food truck will be parked outside Visible Voice Books  Wine in Tremont tonight from 5 to 7pm to get some Umami goodness!
Had chili 4 lunch yesterday, burger 4 dinner last night, meatloaf for breakfast today, and chili again for lunch.
I officially boycott beef
Shakespeare's birthday is Monday but this is his birthday weekend!

Well I'm in MKE and I like secrets, so I'm down!!
Speaking of Ryan Vogelsong6 IP, 3 H, 1 ER, 5 BB, 3 K and 102 pitches, and he's probably not done b/c SF bullpen is quiet
Omg hahaha.
Idek why I doctoramed about it!
German beers  baked goods It doesn't get much better than that!
Welcome  congrats to now open at 137 7th Ave South.

Today is the Institute's 125th birthday!
A onetime 30 fee will be deducted from your student account to buy us a gift.
thank you!
: I'll be sure to bookmark your site too  in order to check in tomorrow  the day after  the day after that...
Of course you do!
This is not a question of your artistry.
But when the way you share it is annoying, both of us miss out.
Good Stuff!
Laugh :: today's goal.
I can't read your tweet.
I just keep staring at your avatar.
you're such a tweeter now.
I am loving it.
We converted you!
Whaaa ha ha!!
Slow going North of 106th on Keystone.
Ambulance and firetruck on the left side.
The word FUCK is used 5 times in the first 10 pages of my script.
Maybe I'm not an artist at all.
Maybe I'm just a potty mouth.
So I just want you to know that the two people you said couldnt win the voice on Blakes Team are the last two standing!
Haha!
unbelievable .
I tell ya..
what's up w/DJ's Sports Bar?
Thanks for sharing about our event!
We're getting excited!
I mean you can't tell me you know anyone who can pull off a bumble bee look as good as that
Winds have temporarily interrupted the show, but the BFJ crew hopes to return to regularly scheduled programming soon.
Stay tuned!
did COD pan out?
Hope so!
Not at all it is because they continue to make mistakes: going for 2 at wrong times, bad challanges, clock management, etc.
Hi : Jupiter in Sagittarius and Uranus in Sagittarius in the 3rd house.
That's all I know.
Word bride orginally started as an old English word meaning cook
I know you hit the whitegirl in the Reebok commercial, didn't you...LOL???
Spent a wk in Uganda with Pros For Africa, a group of 10 NFL players
Scott signs 70 billion budget, vetoes 142.7 million
this I agree with.
you going to be at the CIB this Friday?
okay!
Just let me know when your free0:
Did a sketch for a painting called flakes are for eating, not for friends.
Wooah ha ha...painting to come soon....
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mommy's out there.
Especially the one out here doing it by themselves 
Just realized: I actually have no idea if I am a minority potential law school applicant
Will Willingham and Morneau homer for Twins tonight?
Check today's polar ice cap melt.
put ur finger dowm ur throat, let see how the acid eats away ur teeth, by trying to be perfect.
Watch the Throne tickets are purchased.
Follow for real music coverage, because we don't interview
Glad I could helpSkype or tweet me anytime!
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all.
McWilliams, Peter
those that connect, we see the power, model and eventually people notice how do we speed this process?
And now he steals second.
Rolls eyes.
Breaking News from the Pearl reports that 24 Hour Fitness caught on FIRE CLUB evacuated?
Literally all my guy friends call me 'big ass girl.' I respond because, well, its true.
Thank you for the Outlander books.
As a science geek, I love that Claire is an MD and Bree is an engineer.
I can't wait to go home tonight and sleep in my cold queen sized bed 
2 new roosters on the farm with mature tenor and baritone voices!
They are letting me know it's morning!
own the feisty and offer up a side of sass :
Lol!
Watching Ellen.
:
this is ridiculous
Thanks for the heads up re: St vs.
Avenue, Also got the note you sent me and am investigating, thanks for the heads up!
Finally arrived!
nasig11 Look forward for the sessions.
I have 3 more weekends here in Baltimore.
What else should be on the BaltimoreBucketList??
Pizza John's was a pleasant satisfying surprise.
Alcatraz was canceled, too?
sigh Should I finish the last two episodes in my Hulu queue or just give up?
This is the 1st game I'm gonna miss this year.
All because of the issue between Directv  the Tribune.
you can take the girl out of the novel, but you can't take the novel out of the girl.
or something like that.
aftertheuniform This veterans panel is so serious  passionate about the invisible wounds of families wives  vets re:PTDS brain injury
Unfortunately, what many people forget is that judges are just lawyers in robes
We so all do that!
But guys move fast on em too : Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture
Ill take 10 please!
always has me rolling on the ground laughing your wicked amazingg and hilarious!
just thought i would establish that!
:
RT : It's only preseason, but I'm there!!!
Ravens vs Atlanta!!!
Oh, they thought they weren't gonna see US??!!
Hey SF Valley friends.
I'm playing at tonight for their grand opening!
Check us out!
Free CD first 5 mention tweet
Did you ever get this recreated?
I have an ingredient list but not exact measurements.
so go talk to them instead of arguing with people who support bike infrastructure  safety.
Lol at my coworkers
Good pass lets fukin go Harris dat nigga raw
Dis is strange bitch we does dis
I wouldn't pay attention to that normally, but he is still kind of a jerk.
We fail to realize celebrities are the same age as us so their gonna do the same shit we do
Oh wow.
That would suck!
Glad you were just overreacting!
I do that myself, more than I care to admit.
Im irritated with ppl forreal
We got the note like two days ago, shell be gone in two days.
Haha!
So basically I'm just torturing you by adding fuel to your fire :P
Baby's coming over 
When them single bi fems at the real n mature ones we tired of these phony mfs
it's gonna be epic!
Valentine Gfx Events are now up!
visit forums.rarero.net forum events for details!
I hated school.
Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me.
The poor little kids.
Dolly Parton
Got into the master's program, got my halloween costume, and rented my books for the term.
bring it on grad school :
wow, I'm playing words with friends with my mom xD
amen!
This is true in all fields.
Degree status, achieved or not, is not an indicator of skill.
yupp i do.
not even going to deny it.
hey why do you want me to go early to class tomorrow?
Also, how many bags of Chocobilly's cookies do I need to eat to have it count as a healthy breakfast?
What's the official ruling ?
girl it's totally fine!!!
You didn't have to get me anything hun : wuv woo
: yep, Independent Author Network authors are fab at supporting each other
Nah, we'll keep BOTH our hunky fantabulous catchers!
goBrewers!
follow me please
The one where it's like You're in a police car...
and you have to say 3 words.
xD
nowplaying  Now or Never  The Roots, Phonte, Dice Raw
RT they say it's a woman's prerogative to change their minds, shame they dont decide to exercise that right at the fucking altar
And almost lost the pillow but it got
Holiday Inn Resort PCB Helps Guests Enjoy Florida Golf Month Guests of the Holiday Inn Resort have always enjoyed great discounts at the
when is the next hack night?
And not on the shoulder.
:
we do it up in Dougherty big time!
Btw I need eggs tomorrow.
Can you make it happen?
Home new to this stuff!
R.i.p.
MBone of swag district!
jesus the avacado joke is aLREADY overused omfg
cool tip from Search Analytics: match the length of your search input box with the length of common queries
Last nite's 3rd Thurs.
Community Mixer was a HUGE SUCCESS!
Thank you to all who were involved and supported RD.
Stay Tuned for May's event!
Hey girl, let's show 'em why they call this the Shrieking Shack
Happy Birthday !
was that gay lol?
Just registered for the annual conference in Las Vegas next month.
will throw a party Wed night at !
did u see??
Middlebrooks now has as many HRs as Gonzalez.
Kevin Frank's now speaking about what brought him to the hydoctorpower industry
that sounds truly repulsive Baig,almost levels.
I'm in.
Going to go see the Harlemglobetrotters at the Reschcenter in greenbay wisconsin tonight !!!
Its been 36 years!!
Whoot!!!
i despise your city because you will ultimately take away either my favorite or hometown team.
i hope your new team fails.
THE BELL CAN RING ANYTIME NOWWW, lbvs .
Listening to mixtape Oh the good ol days
how am I following people that I didn't select to follow?
Any ideas?
Thank you Gypsy queen.

sounds great.
I'm so bored and hungry
TheFirstSongIHeardBy doctorke was 'over'
I love you...I hate you....I just can't get around you
If you are going to try my recipe for 'Boiled Chicken in Under 10 Minutes' it's VERY important to use a pot that flushes.
he is 49 vs Harrison w/ a double and 2 homers.
I expect big things from his upcoming at bat.
RT For a Good Night mention!!
Follow Me!!
Lol happens to me too RT : Ppl didn't get the sarcasm in my last tweet got dam
Wore my Broncos jersey to work today  everyone keeps asking if we play tonite.
Come on people  really!?
Go Broncos!
had family emergency today, pissed I couldn't make it tonight...give 'em hell katie...did people bring food???
I tried to license an image from Corbis, they wanted 150 for a digital image for personal use.
Obviously they didn't make a sale.
he was all I felt like a caged lion
RT Power defeat the Voodoo 5649, Morelli was BANANAS for Pittsburgh
Practicing for trade show life in the next two weeks.
On my third cup of coffee and just had a bagel.
FLYING!!!
Great ministry planning meeting today with EVCC
Idkkkk how to it
Ill be there the 26th1st, so like 9 days from now, we should hang out
write doctornk...edit sober
New dates coming up in LA and Vegas.
Stay tuned!
Maybe they're fauns?
you are so talented : Keep up the good work
Come on up to Central Ave TODAY for Everything Jersey City Festival!
tents getting ready!
He finally turned off his music!!
Love the fact that today is Charles Dickens day.
I think I'll go buy a muffin to celebrate...
We're just like you, only prettier.
I am a Hobbit, and we eat at least 6 meals a day.
And I'm quite comfortable, too.
Takes all kinds.
Patty Stephens's class, The Human Voice is so popular, we're adding another section: April 3rd  May 22nd 6:30pm8:30pm.
Call us QUICK!
COA is now featuring Miller Lite and XX Amber on doctorft!!!!!!
2 TAPS AT THE BAR ALL WEEKEND LONG!!!!!!!
Looking forward to learning more tonight about Google Apps/Docs
Based on his track record, he does.
RT then why doesn't he offer 4 year scholarships?
Watching idiots protest mariage equality is like watching American Idol auditions  except the prize is being on the wrong side of history.
yep it is
Brian Williams rested up in bed for all those years...
its very good :D
let me know if you need help!
LOL
Guy who proofreads plaques in Kentucky, Who Ya Crappin'?
Beautifully shot.
Not gimmicky, which you might think going in.
The silence is a major theme of the movie and used to great effect
Help USPS Stamp Out Hunger on May 12!
Leave a bag of nonperishable food at your mailbox and they'll pick up when they deliver mail /
I don't get free tacos for doctorwing tacocats?
Our Albany office has expanded and moved to a bigger, better location!
Photos to come soon.
your platform only for large companies or large events?
very excited for the anvil/reef cocktail pairing madness tonight!
Hello tan lines....we meet again
THINK BEFORE U SPEAK..ITS NT ALWAYS GUD TEW SAY WT U FEEL.PERIOD
Can I throw my card in, too?
STAY STAY STAY
Looking at a facebook page is different than asking for a candidate's login information
i wish i didnt have to split holidays or my mom had the same last name and i wish we were as happy as we looked in our family portaits.
i miss my shawty tot..
i see the boys too much..lol
The pop up shop looks great!
But if that head right Jeezy there every night
MyPastRelationships were such jokes
athazagoraphobia: the fear of being forgotten :s
Today I am reading two Peirce essays entitled, Evolutionary Love  Man's Glassy Essence.
I have to google exactly the meaning of visual...but I love visuals  I love art..enjoy having friend tweeps that are in the arts:
Rain rain go away come again another day...any other good rainy day tunes out there?
Nothing like some good 'ol flesh to absorb some sound waves...
Watchin the afternoon news w/someone over hm ill say 60.
Kickin it,waiting for my client to come.
Softball game tonight!
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
Play Alganon
I am related to a black man, this is crazy!
This movie gift card will come in handy
if your five hours away from it, is it really going to be a day off?
More like half day.
;
dead man walking
Of course it won't have new features.
Of course.
my nigga call me asap bruh...
have both because I know you've done something to deserve it
follow and please :D x33
Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka  TimesStandard
Nice point from Steps before.
Now all he has to do is replicate that 75ish times to have a prayer.
the track really too fire needs a video n bunb remix
And it's close to CSULA, ELAC, and Pasadena college.
Where many international students applied to.
It's convenient.
Casting call today for China's new music video, directed by
are you in for the conference on friday  saturday?
Imma plan a trip out there soon..
Is it expensive out there like as far as hotels and food?
Rocco's Modern Life my nigga.
Sure is.
And SO true!
Thanks for the shout out!
Running around and getting ready to head over to the Hilton Garden Inn to help set up for Notacon 9.
follow Phoenix Hip Hop at it's finest!!!!!!!!
IThankGod 4 Every Possession That I Have!
if Pete is really alive, how about a contract for ???
Well, records mgmt is a tough, tough subject for campus to embrace.
Hope you folks make progress on it!
MGMT  Love Always Remains
wtf, did my avi even changed?
o.o
Weird but tight long hugs make me sleepy....
i love your blog,  it's especially funny because a lot of your pictures are taken steps away from my parents front door :
we have the freedom here to rabblerouse.
1844THE PHILLY SECTARIAN RIOTS arguments btwn Irish  Protestant gangs over public funding over rel.
schools erupted in2 4days of rioting
beRecruited Play of the Day: A coach is more than someone who gives you an athletic scholarship; he/she serves as a mentor and a motivator
playoffs You know you love hockey when you........
over 8000 hits today on www.vegasites.com apparently that slows it down......
need to cue the FAIL HOOKER asap.............
lol what did I get myself into?
Amazed that every morning I watch the nat'l news and find the most disturbing stories always occur in Florida.
Bowling with the gang...as usual:
Nice to meet you Kimberli!
thanks for replying!
We'll RT the best answer later today!
:
Here's a thought: rehearse your reaction to rejection.
Will get back to you soon hun : RT : email sweets!
More than a 1/4 of all Americans ages 1724 are unqualified for militaryservice because of their weight!
I'm not .
Just a huge fan.
He is pretty amazing.
RT : How great was Malkin last night?
Unreal!
Everyone's ready for a 200 miles run today ?
Our start time for RagnarChi is 12:30p
Working on some collaborations right now, doing some electronic and Hip Hop.
Can't wait to share with you guys!
who do I contact for winning your signed book The Best Of Me?
Am I to impatient??
I'm so excited!!
and you wouldn't get it from a DM it's done thru email!
That might be the problem
your a boy Simpsonizer??
Omg my life is completee!!!!
check me out on youtube sarahsophiatv thanks
Happy April Fools Day everyone !
Yeah I'm not proud lol
Why such a stranger ?
Just had a sneak preview of our signature holiday cocktails  Edgefield Alexander, Bourbon Furnace and a new Holiday Sparkler  oh my!
me too yea doctorma sucks
Aspects To Consider When Choosing A Home  The Before And After
1down, 4togo bringing it for Easter!
Live stream sdoctorck.com/live Well worth seeing live!
smh, they need to put in a shot clock to prevent that
Watching MLB plays of the month, these guys are good!
I feel like I'm dying omg
crazy.
guess I need to have a techie women BBQ in the courtyard soon.
:
I live in a forest so why does this little bird think the smoke detector in my garage is a good place for it's nest???
Good Friday
follow me I'll DM you my info
Freak these tales.
just took a shower, cause i was at soccer.
then watched your videos..
played them on repeat.
dm me pleasee, alex 3 3
Time to get blackout for this game.
Best nap in a while
Quote: Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Lydia M.
Child
If I had any laurels I would totally be resting on them right now.
And..not bad news for the upcoming MAA conference.
Wait!
It's April 1st!
Is this an April Fools Day joke?
So many people are texting me right now..
Except the one i want to be talking to.
Bout to go get this lift in
I knew those were an Odessa thing the minute I saw them, so it's so cool to hear that she loved them too!
Thank you to everyone who joined us for itc12 in Long Beach!
Watch your inbox for access to presentation materials.
Good times ahead for you.
: That's wonderful.
NYC is great!
They will fall in love with you.
Where ever you go.
The conversations that me and Idalia have  
Just got blocked on facebook after too many friending...
getting myself ready to fly down to the MIA tomorrow
Turn off brain!!!
I'm pretty sure the voters called it quits for Gingrich a while ago.
So why is he waiting until Wednesday to do it himself?
Have a great n bless'd day all!
Look to be a blessing, today.
I promise you will get bless'd by just doing it.
Shabbat Shalom
you almost hit eddie !
Haha smh
C'mon Clippers!
Just once can a song on the radio celebrate women for something other than being a stripper?
Hillary Clintonthis one's for you baby girl
Hmu for tix for my comedy show tonight  Starlight Ballroom starring Buckwild, Smokey,  Friends it's goin b funny as hell doors open  7pm
Ask and you shall receive.
Belly 3s Austin 4eva.
A special shoutout is in order for one of our Belly Boos  
8 back for 1 invested in safe water  sanitation.
Water4World Acta sound investment!
via
That niggas girlfriend is ugly af lmao almost throw up at prom when I seen her smh lol no standards at all
Don't Forget GTL Ladies Night Starts Tomorrow!!!
Ladies doctornk Free From 710pm  Every Group Of 4 Receives A Complimentary Bottle!
I'm surprised you're even questioning yourself on that one....
Go celebrate!!
champagne party?
Where do I sign?
Off to the doctor to be told all my blood tests are normal, I need to exercise more and sleep more.
bosh wade is not leaving the team
Pick up your slack!!!
No one can stop you but you!!!
National Bologna Day!
I personally heart a bologna sandwich.
FYI: Stephen wrote about bologna and cheese in 'Salem's Lot'.
Have a great day!
I still don't really know what FF is.
Exactly!
Hopefully we'll start to see a shift.
Really excited to see where this series goes.
I don't expect them to advance
; ohh so I'm not skinny but I'm not fat.
ugh
wish my babe was here so i could lay on his chest
hahaha uhh not sure if serious ...
Anybody wanna watch packers game from miller park parking lot?
Happy Hour starts early at BuddhaBar!
4pm  7, 5 sushi rolls, apps and doctornks and fantastic deals on our signature cocktails!
Woohoo!
nyy yankees Mark, your stubburnous to addoctorss the shift is the ONLY problem.
The stats bear this out.You're putting the same amount
LOL...hope they get what they want
I swear this dog has no common sence
embarrassing a pageant mom named her kid after her fav seafood....
o.O I feel bad for the little girl.
Barnes is a playmaker.
Thought for a minute the skins were going to compromise doctorft position again.
You think life will get better when your older because you know more but in all reality it keeps screwing you over
Done with mca's
You know you're in a French department when you open the fridge and there's a big slab of butter on a plate.
Final SMEI event of season!
5/11 5pm?, Clipper Stadium.
Incl nationallyrecognized speaker, food, cash bar, ball game....
please oppose innovation killing SOPA and PIPA legislations.
We need information to flow free  not more protections for 1
balls Y/N
Whats up twitter tweeters!
I'm sorry; but idk if I ca forgive you.
you were being a douche!
I had too much salt today.
I'm chillin' with my pal Dos Equis.
Who's with me?
Hell ya man, n I went for one last year..
sure he'd be down for that
Lots to celebrate today  Cinco DeMaio, 1month until the election, and about 2months until my brother comes home for RR!
Note well taken.
War of the roses on Boy was that juicy!
scumbag cheater 
I am glad you have support...
sometimes people just dont understand the effects MS this is no joke.
good luck have fun monday!
cant wait to hear all about it!!!
with my favorite  Nathan 3 only person I feel completely comfortable around.
Penguins should get a low bond in court.....they are a low flight risk
ive gone through three boxes of tissues in three days!
When  Where
I'm reading My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me: Forty New Fairy Tales and plan to finish this weekend.
Love stories!
AMANDA!
I LOVE IT.
3 3
you are very welcome.
:
Off to Delaware today...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
KansasKentucky Vizio
Only a few weeks left until Action Item at iLounge!
We have a ton of awesome shows to announce soon!
Tell your friends to follow us!
friends are those who actually tell you shit straight up whether it hurts you or not b/c they care thank you 3
And btw....
Maul and Obi fight it out on the end of a KICKASS 4parter tonigt!
CloneWars This is gonna RULE!
IM TOO STUBBORN
my nigga for life!
North Carolina need to focus on the resources for seniors and the resources in public schools!
I dont feel up to doing anything but, sleep in my bed and it's only abt 2 be 10 o'clock
did release a similar statement when the GOP declared war on the uteri of America?
Getting Ready For This Play Im Part Of In Feburary...Ima Actor/Rapper/Teacher/Entertainer....I Can Do It All!!
Hey everyone!
Happy Holidays and I hope Santa runs out of coal to give after he stops at house
Check out my Ice Game, new single coming soon!!!
Have you tried Wellness brand?
I have a friend with a cat with grain allergies that eats that.
Based on yout TL, I hardly think it's your last.
Burning bridges, make sure that they are no one is standing.
And not waiting for you.
70,000 is nothing to bock at.
You are a pro Sir!
gosh the blind side is such an inspirational movie..
If we were smart we'd all realize that.
: Time is the most valuable resource that I have Billionaire Mark Cuban
Hello Terry how you doing..This is Kenneth Hall
Fingers crossed...
thank u
or got really bored so they started doctornking part way through to make it last.
Thanks Amber!!
Welcome to The Beau Show!
I like a lot of her other pics on her google images, but I don't think I pull off red well.
I act like one at times!
Haha.
x
Feeling like a million bucks im on a successful trajectorygot a new mentor to help navigate.
take your grubby mitts off my shrimp and grits.
Not really.
I like you.
My life is nvr on a stop.
Thanks!
And: I don't understand hash tags.
I'm simple folk.
Dirt floors, paper bags, critters, boot sounds, etc.
Well, and a bottle of wine...
: RT : All sorrows are less with bread.
Miguel de Cervantes
have a good show dude.
Good luck!
Because the populace of MKE only has a taste for Cheddar cheese and lard, not sumptuous peanut stew or giant yams.
Not okay.
no, the bottle in the picture lmao
You can edit posts in Google, but you can't change the circle that you've shared it with.
KNOCK IT DOWN!
Right on.
Last minute snagged a ticket outside!
RT if you wish you were poolside with a cocktail in Vegas right now...
Let me know
Hi teddy!
Want to be my bitch?
Nothing says classy like big gold earrings that say Juicy on them.
Gortat on Duncan  First of all he's a great player.
Just like other veterans, with each year he's actually better and better.
Please let the chargers keep winning at home.
It's worth the trip from LV if they win.
Sissy squats...the maker of champions.
Boom.
Make your company stand out at the annual doctorestivus by sponsoring a prize.
Email
Is there a particular reason Amazon doesn't have iPad3 up for preorder?
Aside from the Kindle.
I want a Dairy Queen vanilla milkshake 0o
that disguntled google employee made sm intrsting points...y does each cmpany want2b same as others when their diffs truly made them great?
I miss it everyday!
Keep that fire burning; you guys are doing fantastic work!
Just listened to on the radio.
It's basically a sports show for TN people who are jealous of Alabama football and UK Bball.
Requirements Of iPod Accessories : Logan
Naw, now she's just singing really inspiring songs about doing things for her dead mother.
Backfired.
This from a man who sells liquid energy!
RT I know I'm new to this, but that was the most exciting end to match I've ever seen.
I think you just found the key.
Model loving to learn.
If we did that well we'd likely be a huge success.
good grief
Thanks a lot!
Keep tuning in!
.
Doesn't the rare ephemerality on the web have its own value for free expression though?
I am devastated to realize I missed the spring book sale at !
And so begins the long wait till the Fall Sale!
thanks for text back.
taco a sort of crispy, definitely need to change picture, but for 1.95, not a bad treat
3 sets of 3 min, damn my legs burn.
this is the first one I've missed in a few years  always a good time!
Been watching the Harry Potter marathon all day :' haha izzy
When you smile at me, I feel like the whole world is mine .
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Raymond Linquist
Grab an old shirt and scoot on over to for the LAZF Screenprinting Social!
You're gonna look great....
RT : Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature.
It will never fail you.Frank Lloyd Wright
: Went to Mt Charleston with family 4 Mother's Day lunch.
Beautiful, less than a hour from Vegas.
I remember w/
Ugh.
tomorrow is 420 and all my friends are gunna be high as fuck and im gunna be the only sober one.
Tennessee was fun!
Got to play in the snow on the mountains!
:D
It's also quite interesting to watch the backdoctorp and technology in today's theatre, Denisse Dufey said.
uh, I'd have to say Jodee :
I, personally, love adding in Sunny D
Ugh opening shift 
Thanks for the mention!
me  my money tree listening to OutKast right now.
never thought i would love another tree.
Thanks SO much for all of the AWESOME support on my YouTube channel!
I should be putting up a new video for y'all today or tomorrow :
Love feels like a heart attack /3..:/
I love you :
Nope, not me.
The tone is similar, but I would have done a better job.
;
I have my mom hidden and put into her own list so she can only see certain things of mine.
Makes life much more bearable.
Really excited about your funding.
Great things ahead for youwhat an innovative idea.
Congrats!
nd ill add them to our gallery!
:
the sing alongs were great and I'll miss it too, but the committee is working hard to make it an awesome event.
Bridalplasty makes me sick!
I just feel like it might cause more problems.
Not to mention who deal with recover during planning!
Closed up the theatre for the night.
But not before crashing and sleeping for 2 hours on the couch.
for real iv been face down in my bong for 10 min's iv herd a lot if things lol
ezzo WOrk on transition to Twin Types.
LIke the Mellon plug.
Hered Inst format issues.
Beautiful day in NYC!!
Great analysis!
RT That coldness wasn't the weather.
That was a collection of shoulders of Southie residents
And, of course, there will be CavsZine 2's available at the Saturday show.
Rise up and get your collector's item on!
Hope is going to be on RAW tonight :
New hot spot for cool cocktails in the CHI!?
April Fools!
Though would be a doctoram job.
I must be getting old because the Skipper looks young!
sherwoodschwartz gilligan'sisland BradyBunch on tonight!
Looks like the good money is on Brady from here on out.
I am sad also to miss NTC, SF is one of my favorite cites and NTC a great conference.
Hope to be there next time.
Thanks Carla!
Appreciate the compliment :D
Tweet your Big10 Career Expo questions between now and 9p for live answers to big10expo,
thanks Philip cheers!
What to do today.
I wanna swim again haha but Jackson would get bored at the lake.
Why can't it just be June so we can go to Noah's lol.
thanks for the rt!!
If you get a call from me its my niece  she's calling everyone in my phone lmao
I would prefer that the April showers bring oodles of cash, but I'm used to being dirt poor so the May flowers are a nice perk.
Hey soul sister I don't want to miss a single thing you do tonight
Is anyone interested in sponsering me for the Miss California Pageant 2010???
I need one asap or can't compete!!
Have cooling or A/C questions?
Send us a post or a DM for helpful answers from our team of the coolest experts in town.
is it a physical event?
Or just a video?
I got Hedoctorck Hall!
:D I'm okay with mine, not what I wanted but fuck it!
LOL what'd you get?!
how thoughtful!!
:
orange crush and vodka tastes a lot better than it should.
I sleep good night
Michael returns Tuesday from his well deserved vacation to Turkey.
We look forward to his return.
So proud of our show tonight!
Im so happy and grateful!!!
Thank you so much for your support !!!
See ya tomorrow ;
The slips, trips and falls video I had to watch for work was the highlight of my morning.
finished LA Story.
you never saw him at a buffet
you're so stupid lol
Yes, we'll look for you at ALA!
:
Since I can't sleep...
Im trying to figure out how i can get into the Monster Pit at the Born This Way Ball.
planning my attire!
40 minutes to the start of the preYuri's Night dcdoctornkup!
Join us starting at 6 pm !
doctornking at airport  stretching on people mover  fat lip.
Howdy!
We're just getting our Twitter feed underway.
Now if only Twitter would stop having issues, we'd be set.
Check out our new layout!
yes.
Giving up sweets and nonnatural sugar.
Crazy day, full of meetings and other fun stuff...Let's do it!
and no wii anymore.
All yours if you wabt
Officer, I think you'd agree a Pool of blood is a gross overstatement.
I'm finally able to pick a knitting pattern just for ME!
What should I knit?
Hmm...better check ravelry !
:
hangs head in shame
: I want to be on Wheel Of Fortune.
I kid, I kid.
I was at the artisan doughnut saloon and i realised my life is a little too much like Portlandia
you two are so!
Meta unlike
I'm obsessed with Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
No ustream again /:
i had a stage five clinger so this is the new twitter account...
RT : Now that Cherie's mom has passed on...we're carrying on her Mom  Dad's tradition on New Year's Eve/we did the same thing
If it ING bout money me no concern
making decisions feels good
My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks
And when she screws up, don't come crying to me.
thanks for your input!!!!
I think you should take your job seriously, but not yourself  that is the best combination.
Judi Dench
Ditto on the NYC trip and the glorious reading room.
Today feels like a Christopher Robin kind of day.
Hey DB, had a great time on your Cloud Ride wheels today!
np The Big Broadcast on the radio with , if ya wanna know what the music scene was like in my day go listen..real swell..
Can I get Chapter 7 of my brothers best friend plzz
Thanks for the kind words.
I was going to April Fools on Facebook that I'm pregnant but I'm too damn busy to field the responses.
Oh well, maybe next year.
follow me back I 3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!333 :
Great Easter with the fam!
Now finally watching my first game of the season.
Lars is quite the cowboy.
Aw, shucks.
Loop the thumbs into the front of the pants  take some shots.
The classic cowchick hottie pose.
seemed more eurotrash to me.
Maybe jean Paul gaultier and antoine de Caunes will be commentating with cardboard giraffes?
They're attached to the document.
I wonder if Amazon could delete if file was on the memory card.
I don't like it very much, and not interested in the overwhelming amount of food/craft things ppl I know pin.
I had it on before bed.
Oooohhhhhmmmm....:
yea man...
Up here putn in work.
coconut oil.
holy smokes.
GAG.
Happy Military Spouse Appreciation Day!!
Meeting w corporate alliance colleagues today to work on brand and message strategy
I'm a bad test taker  stupid people everywhere.
Thats Awesome!
At Least You Get Free Food Lol:
what's good stranger!
i can't even sing billie holiday.
this cold is getting outrageous.
yes!
But his song is quite catchy :
The world needs Peace
wow that's cool!
Is your dog hyper all the time to?
I hope there grown cause if not......
With your coverings, you can always take it down and use it elsewhere.
Very clever!
M.
Roberts, Customer
Sucks having morning wood for two hours wearing skinny jeans.
IDK what I found sexy about being in the immigrations building in Chile.
Going to see the Titanic.
Don't give away the plot, I hear it's a bit doctormatic!
12 minutes left.....THE TIME IS NOW!

RT : banjo pioneer.
The world has become apathetic and the sad things is...no one cares!
Got my engage12 luggage tags in the mail 2day!
OMG!
cnt wait 4 ths conference 2 meet sum of the icons in the weddingbusiness l
Just did a video
So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
We are performing in Douglasville , GA tonight at The 7 Venue!
Doors at 6!
Fortunately you have my performance to teach you that being a horse's ass is very rarely fatal.
your not following me
RT : Happy monday folks!
Don't forget if you send 5 or more doctornks by the end of august you'll receive 5 more credits on us!
It was an honor and a pleasure to stand alongside DS and Prince Harry.
A true gentleman.
San Diego kept it classy.
I saw a boy yesterday that looked just like Louis Tomlinson...
but all I want is to like this!!!!
Why can this not be Facebook?!?!?!
RT : Looking for a new summer read?
The International Thriller Writers announced the winners of the 2011 Thriller Awards:...
really wish I had bought hardcover versions of the 'A Book Apart' issues i've gotten.
I'll have to take care of that soon
i will be watching like everyday!!!
What extreme sports do you like to participate in?
Hey Merrill how can you be so ignorant?
If you are basing your G status on your ride, you probably aren't all that G.
we need to talk.
Let's set up a time to meet soon or at least chat on the phone.
I miss your face and am working on stuff
We live  Aqua!!
I Know About Parker .
And Zoe Told Me Over Facebook !
And Uhh Huh I Put That On My Nephews HeartBeat Thats The Boy Chris
the world is an unfair cruel place.....
sometimes.
are you from Seattle,Wa??
If so that were I live well across the water from seattle Bremerton I would feel special :
RT : Alignment doesn't mean agreement on everything.
It means agreement to move forward with where you're at today.
why did twitter change their layout?
i was really fine with the way it was before!
why r you trying to be like facebook?
Bout To Get Me Some FOUR BROTHERS NIH!
Where in the heck did you see these?
I always think of what I don't have , not the amazing things I do have .
BadHabbits .
I am always happy to support the Jolkona team Nadia.
Love your portrait and video in The Next 50 the Future exhibit!
I'd castrate myself instantly.
No hesitation.
No, I mean, go to coffee shops and sit and talk.
Go out to dinner together.
Walk around the city without a destination.
I love my moms food 3
I would like to see how they are going to measure teachers without teaching to the test.
The financial services industry is full of social misfits  Newsflash  You make money by selling things not managing money.
Time for pizza!
RT Tonight only!
FREE DELIVERY on orders over 25.
Shannon is gassed up and ready, let's keep her busy.
Grow up candyland...I love yoi
Just doctorp the adjective 'offline' and say How Online Opinions Are Reshaping the World.
Focus people!
stop tweeting this bull ur smart enough to know that's not truethis has no legs and it sounds silly
So, people actually pay for Twitter followers?
Gah lee work was crazy busy today
When I go back to the classroom next week I must record myself just to listen to my language and tone.
Both need some serious work.
have you seen The walking dead yet on amc?
heyo!
What a crazy day for the NBA playoffs!
Spurs, Lakers lose and Celtics ALMOST lose!
Obesity figures are troubling.
New trends need to be countered in some way.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Ron Nesen
too!!
Yes!
Happy to have you!
Be sure to email me!
We are like guitar strings: with too much stress, we snap, and without enough, we are unproductive.
She tracked conversations, stared at newcomers and burned off adult corneas with the brilliance of her smile.
Pray for ugly people!
Not nervous, but anxious...
Its a great day today!
aw i can't really be a part of this challenge....
my parents don't want my face on youtube lol
Sending admiration and aloha to all the mothers out there.
Happy Mother's Day!
thanks!
I couldn't have done it without your help.
: that was a job ;
Thanks  for writing 'The Startup of You.' Really helpful  insightful  should be required school reading.
Awesome.
what does everybody think about Laurintus actions tonight?
Because BandsILove is trending, ONE DIRECTION.
That Lyon guy is home!
I can tell for sure and I share that passion!
The babysitter revelation is extraordinary in every way.
Men doctoram of such things.
thanks man!
let's hang out soon.
Gotta find new ways to avoid my neighbor.
Man talks forever.
we ate pizza from Chessboard.
double yum!
Next time, try Hamister Aangan  a local gem.
old world capitalists proved so limited in their thinking, only with the greats do you see Great thinking...
Yes, but it has to go both ways too!
Indeed.
RT : On Sunday, we celebrate with Easter dinner for blended families.
Diversity is a beautiful experience.
people are saying it bout Kobe now even tho he still averages same numbers as he did at 22, he just not same player
dnt matter RT : you wanna create sum beasts lol
So the NFL is just finding out that teams do anything to gain an advantage.
My response...
DUH!!!!!
Good sesh at lincoln skate plaza!
Cake cake cake cake
StJohn.
done.
RT Yes RT FriFotos theme is PARADISE.
Looking through my collection for inspiration...Are you?
mwah.
I love you.
: : how old is he?
August 2nd he will be 3 he shares a bday with my niece aww
That's how I hear them
Comet died in a car accident with uncle Joey and Stephanie.
This is not the way I wanted to wake up to.
To get through the wait, I brought my copy of SocialExcellence.
As wld say, I caught the bug.
Thanks for a good read!
WOO!
Congrats on the comps!
Do y'all have to do a prospectus?
Whats the score?
Im watchin my SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER til my game comes on
Couldn't agree more!
RT: I miss on nights like this.
baseball trashtalking
What's cooking at your end?
RT Here's to all the chefs sweating it out in the kitchen on Mothers Day KeepItSpicy
Today you can start a new life for you are the master of your abilities and because of that your day will be great.
:
Learning about Twitter.
is only 5'1.
thank you!
We're pretty much head over heels right now.
Poetry is the deification of reality.Edith Sitwell
what?
Here on twitter in front of the Kardassians and everybody?
OK, I'm a good performer ;
Not sure if I dig the new BrooklynNets logo yet, but did the artist simply not pay for colors on doctorwSomething?
Sleeping in my boyfriend's basketball shorts  nice 
We're BUSY in Humboldt.
What's up on your Wednesday?
My app, Weather Genie is the 2 overall iPad app in France, 1 in Weather in over 20 countries for iPhone  iPad
great morning for a race!!
My neighbours listen to some excellent music.
Whether they like it or not.
Our department lost 40 of it's workforce in three days.
I wonder if there'll be any backfill.
This section of DHS would evaluate the financial status of the organization to appropriately allocate funding on a fiscal year bases.
my fantasy is goin good.
you might think im lame, but this is what i do on sundays
let's get to 12,000,000!!!
Who's with me?
CaseyAnthony...
What a joke.
I'm at the Maricopa Assoc of Governments Desert Peaks Awards recognizing regional excellence and cooperation.
Working together is smart.
Happy Birthday!:
She's so sweet.
you're married!?
30 hour famine time
I miss u.
well that's interesting...
My arms and legs are like noodles!!!!
Thanks Zumba
and I wanna cuddle with you: let's make it happen.
I fucking love you to babe bemyvalentine : Hey I fucking love you!
Thanks for being my valentine 
If you stay all the way through the Avengers credits, you get to see the theater staff vacuuming up spilled popcorn.
Otto is not the super star but he is the smartest play GU has
Woodburn HS fire appears to have started somewhere in the vicinity of the wood/metal shop.
Currently unclear if the school will open Monday
Opening soon: The Waitlist for Boyle Hotel!
51 units of affordable housing will be open; Interested...
The stack cooker is on sale!
Bake a cake in just 8 minutes!
Dnt let others determine ur happiness....all:
Every little thing she does is magic..oh yeah babe
Family watching Thor...blah
didn't I blow your mind this time?
pop quiz: where's that quote from?!
Don't forget to check out Graphic designs done by tonya coop on facebook!!!
There's lots to see now and lots more to come!!!!!
Thank u
Childoctorn love their parents.
Eventually they come to judge them.
Rarely do they forgive them.
Not gonna happen
I completely agree.
You didn't stay for the Championship?
I'd better at least hear you on KSR!
Thanks for holding it down for us this weekend!
Cleaning your room and finding something you lost like 3 YEARS ago.
Just chillin today.
had your glutenfree peanutfree SEA SALT CARMELS  the first time ever 4 this flavor due to allergy/intolerance yummy thx!
Heartattack Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Cancer Title: Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Canc
I'll call you Wednesday on the mail piece and see you Friday AM, God willing.
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible  Frank Gaines
FUCK OFF TWEETING FAST
Mystery solved!
It's an old sardine can key.
Can't wait to see what my kitten digs out of the corner next.
Shouldn't have taken that nap.
Looking for new music....
Trying to load up my iPod: let me know your favorites..
Still hoping to find her.
Hope she's looking for me too.
nothin much, gettin' ready for this show my band has tonight
Waiting at school fucken sucks
right on!
Well you'll have to catch a show when you get out here.
it must suck when the cult of true womanhood is upstaged.
it's boring?
No one wants to be there?
You think you're the only one who cares?
Where's the donation tray?
It's not the plan that is important, it's the planning.
Graeme Edwards
Thorough Occupy Portland coverage on
Zero chance of sleep until this Game 7 ends.
Hopefully the next OT is the last.
This dude 
Thank God for awesome sisters.
I'm a really lucky guy!

twihards walked into the sun  sparkled  lol just so everyone know...I belong to multiple fandoms...Twilight included
200k followers?
more like 2 million!
james harden 6th man this year.
no problem man!
Many blessings to you!
:
The Village People are attempting to make a comeback with a new song called AARP
Couldn't have said it better myself!
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me.
Steve Martin
OMG, that's scary!
haha
Been away from twitter too long!!!
What's new fellow PackerBackers???
The Oklahoma City Thunder Kids Festival will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Where what was coming from?
The anger or the fugure?
She says kiss me like u miss me...
Fuck me like you hate me
way to go girl!
such an inspiration!
The heat is coming!
Hope your ready!
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing.
I do it because I'm doctorven to do it.
Bob Dylan
Go wild and shoot for 400?
The NFL schedule comes out tonight, let's just skip baseball season and start this shit
no it ended last week.
Whats up?
about time we got a socially conscious search, but how long before takes a good crack at it?
Are you a SMB looking 4 an online training solution?
Come by Booth 607.
Free Trial and enter to win an ipad!
We're glad you love it, Lauren!
You'll have to come back and visit us soon!
:
I'm kidding myself.
I'd probably sit in my cabin asking 'why's the internet gone?'
in my favorites somewhere
Colts start and finish doctorft by taking QB.
Team takes Chandler Harnish w/ 253rd pick.
Officially he is mister Irrelevant, last person taken.
There's something about the score of Super 8 that just gets to me.
I really feel it is a solid piece, for a solid movie.
I'm on my way to the gemini arcade lock in.
u da bomb!
I want to be the first person on the sun.
Won't you burn up?
Well, I'm not that stupid, stupid.
I'm going at night!
I have the honor  privilege of introducing doctor Sonia Nieto, educator  author of WHY WE TEACH on Monday, Apr.
23, 46pm.
Congratulations!
We look forward to having you on campus in the fall!
just shouted you dudes out here  bbsj2012 will check your site
Look at the Mark SICK AUTO and PERFECT Just Like the man these two are simply AMAZING Baseball Cards.
I love when my cat comes to cuddle with me when I wake up 
that troll humor?
Or u just have no clue what law is  don't mind making fools of yourselves?
I'm pretty sure Peyton Manning reinjured his neck while shaking is head at the atrocity known as the Colts passing offense.
Fudge caramel cake with fudge frosting.
From my grandma's Kitchen Magic recipe book.1960.
Detroit, Mi.
I DON'T WABNA GO TO SCHOOL.
Congrats for your half hour airing tonight!
I got my heart right here.....
I got my scars right here.
congrats!!!!
great news!
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success is a perfect first Deepak book.
An easy read with abundant insight and wisdom
Harry you did great!
We love you!!
Its ok 3 RT if you love Harry!
but aren't ya glad ya stuck with it??
nope but I guess I should try them.
I usually eat the BaKed brand Lolli pops that are around LA
I can't wait till school on Monday.
I hate weekends at home.
Via  we need new childoctorn's sneakers sizes 17 for Thursday's RCR2012.
givingback ROC RocYPs  nice!
I'm Doing S/O's For The People That Are Following Me !
So Tweet Me If You Want One !
:
Hahahaha funny......
Real funny.
My day was perfect until the end of sixth period.I swear some people can be such ass holes....
I see you've already been introduced to our fans!
haha.
Let me know if you need anything, happy to help.
Excited for next week.
Did he miss games last year at the end of the regular season?
Come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you.
wow....
we've been down, up, side to side, back and forth together....
now you wanna go a different way?
.....
Feeling like a billion dollars right now!!
YouAintBoutThisLife!!
I'd recommend you check out /r/SampleSize/ if you haven't already that place will be good for ya.
tomorrow is 4/20.
i wonder how many people will get arrested/not show up at school tomorrow??
A Mother can carry you for 9 months raise you for 18 years but love you for a life time.
HappyMothersDay to ALL Moms You all are Special 3
CONGRATS to Alec Gray ...
Another episode of Agent Oso!!!
you know there is ways to transfer music, I got my whole old library on my computer
RT : black face in hamden is as surprising at cheap meat at taco bell.
// Ha.
Seemed out of place even in Hampden...
how much is one of those worth to the tooth fairy these days?
People gettin all worked up, fierce, sassy  ignorant today on my TL.
Whoa Nelly 
GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY 175 CALL 1800PRINTING OR LOG TO www.800printingnyc.com
it was sad, the jagged an opportunity.
doctornking Black Label 12 yr.
For free!!!!
what bout me?
:/
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Muhammad Ali
Cankles: that's that shit I don't like
What a cool find.
I love the part where he picks up the hot pink phone.
:
ok cool.
Cant wait!
:
Do you like pie?
I like tv.
We need translators between those using social media  many others who still do not or we leave them behind.
why am i sweating right now?
Saturday request: anything from A Tribe Called Quest!
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you can't do.
I hate when people volunteer me for shit.
If I feel like doing it I would have said so.
was he referring to his balls?
We are looking for 19902005 40 automatic die cutters w/ stripping in the U.S.
only.
If you have one for sale, email to
TAX DAY FREEBIE!
Get a FREE 20.12 gift card for BVEN Boutique purchase today!
Call 414 2879049 for online orders...
son las 23:37 y a ya ?
WHEN YOU BECOME OLD AND A HALL OF FAMER I WILL TAKE YOUR PLACE IN THE WWE I ASURE YOU I HAVE WHAT IT TAKES PLEASE
Let the con begin!
Hanging out at the Hunt Valley Marriott...come on down!
:
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Gotta go :' Stupid school.?
hopefully when i get back on youve tweeted me back..nd i would pass out cause i love you much
Noticed a plug for your exhibit on the Lemelson Center website re Food for Tomorrow conf.
Can't wait to visit at USDA in Oct!
Where is the benedoctorl
you go boy!
Glad the school wants to decide to start piling on the work, in the last two weeks of school.
I'm sure you hear worse.
Damn girl u look good enough to get in tune wit.
Sheriffs have jurisdictions throughout their entire county.
They operate county jails, and serve court papers.
Thank you for the kind words about our project.
We are so excited!
We start tracking this month.
my town got blanketed with anti Kony posters this weekend
i need a new tumblr theme someone help
Now fully up and running, ROMANCE SPHERE THE ONLINE MAGAZINE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
A gentleman asks of himself, the small man asks of others.
Confucius
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
My name is earl notreallyitskevin :
pouliot early leader for Bruins 7th player award this year?
So what are you doing for Cinco de Derby this Saturday?
is on to the next round of !
Another demo in 710 days  then hopefully on to San Francisco!
Thnx for ur support!!
Follow now
uCantBeToughAndSay If we gonna rob this bank let's hurry up ..its almost 7 and them street lights about to come on!!!
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet!
Hope to see you at our Fringe show
This is one of the more disappointing chapters in world history in my humble opinion.
Just got my 1st credit card :
RT : Someone else was prob.
using same IP addoctorss.
Me: So you suspended all of UC Berkeley's access?
Him: Yes.
Republicans arriving at Waukesha expo for tonight's senate debate.
TRUE!
RT Me and and are showing off pictures of our cats.
Dudes who love cats are the best dudes ever.
Waste of my damn time....
I hate send off's
Questioner calls Dinh out for complaining about Ron Silliman like it's 2004.
get well soon....headaches are the worst!
.no its not that you suck.
It that the game is broken as F like I said before.
I like kathy better
Come join us at CrosslandCommunityChurch tomorrow at 9:30 if you are in Kentucky!
:
will you please follow me??
3
Only moments away from getting started!
I'm nervous and anxious..
Compound fracture.
Bone thru skin.
Headed to surgery.
hey baby girl.
I miss you somethin' fierce
Sitting in a 3 hour seminar on how to collect sales tax.
What a snoozer!
Caffeine please!
I'm hungry I need some food!
I know that park!
I'm IN that park.
That pigeon is out of its mind!
I call him Lenny.
she's cute3
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
I think my cat might have a deviated septum or something but on the other hand I think cat snoring is cute?
Waiting for school bus to come :/
That fml moment when u get home fron school and r so relived and they u reamber u have at least 3 hrs of homework :O
To satisfy my conscience, I ate for both
How will YOU be spending Easter Weekend?
With family?
Friends?
At an amusement park?
Let us know!
Vince
Note to self RT Good call write what u know and know what u write!
for blogs.
Many miss his simple point.
RT Working it out in the studio tonight and tomorrow let's make a booty hit.
Send me a couple acapellas
Super bowl baby!!!!!!
Love my
why the fuck does it say I unfollowed you?
Why do guys refer to females as hoes  bitches ?
What a cute looking pup!
:
Great weekend in Hilton Head now heading back to reality.
United better be better this leg of trip!
Congrats Maura and Kevin!
One day my cinderella story will one day come true!
email me some joints.
aahahha, i love you :P
How can you go wring with Flavor Flav?!?!?!
Mondays make us want Meat.
Depends if you're trying to go longer, I totally dig Scott Hartnell's hair even as a Caps fan.
I KNOW!
Someone's got your back.
wish i was famouse so i could use yogabbagabba to show my kids im cool by being on the show really?
things Easter Manley say
Dammit, I missed an opportunity to play golf 4 free with a Grammy winning producer who has produced some of my fav.
albums.
Please retweet.
I never gave Feedzilla rights to tweet on my behalf.
How do I prevent Feedzilla?
Very nervy on their part.
Chronic stress accelerates the aging process.
The breath is your most powerful antistress weapon.
I'll give it to Ashton Kutcher: GOPers just don't do Punk'd like he did it.
Exhibit A: The Tom Hanks/blackface ambush
Find a way.
And make it happen
and loving Utah St.
why didn't you come to school D:
Give me K in being influential in Confusing Peter Sarsgaard and Stellan Skarsgård.
That show money from strangers is hilarious!
If you haven't watched it your totally missing out lol
it's a multiplecupofcoffee day today.
Great question.
I would have loved a class like that, and I'm sure a lot of kids would, too.
Are you a member of National Association for Holistic Aromatherapy?
20 off a new membership if you write 'Liz Fulcher' as your...
I know!
We're in Prescott, can see it coming.
and I wasn't invited?
I see a divorce!
It's sad that not enough administrators understand the value and the power of
I wanna change mine too...
Rather a person who knows how to use a controller pad.
This user is making horrible things about me?
What like a robot or something?
We see you went back to visit us!
How was it?
I'm trying my best to get fat!
congrats on your upcoming show gallery!
looking forward to it :
Thanks for following us!
Put your hands together for  our first 2011 SultanofSmack!
:
Girl that's the same thing I was saying!
Plus I love all white!
You know I will be on the look out for something like it!
Amazing!
of course!
Love your blog doctorp me an email
what, dude no!
I like your account a lot :3
Gameplay Engineer Job In San Francisco  animation controls and vehicle physics exp pls.
Hit me up if interested,
Kettner Nights, that is..
leaving home for work L.
Delton today i think
i cant chill .
.
I just sang for my bf and he leaves me to play piano.
Great right?
: luv ya thoo: 3
Join the REVolution and Earn and Extra Stream of Income with Rev3 Energy doctornks.
www.GetRevEnergy.com
I've been having the worst doctorams..
Good talk with my brudder c:
Freedom to live my life, the way I seem fit
And if you talkin foul I hope that ain't in my direction homey......
I have a good reason, it sucks.
LOL!
I agree!
Wow, thanks for sharing such a sweet, sweet montage!
congratulations on little Roger
lol.
Well, if u r I'll wait up for u 3
I'm having a James Bond moment :
Wow Gloria congrats!
That is such an awesome opportunity!
Michael Leclerc gave aspiring genealogy writers a good overview of the editing process.
Thinks that Marilyn Spector is the coolest lady in Baltimore :D
Beautiful picture to start off a great day!
Thanks for sharing!
1 !
RT : Thanks for organizing a very interesting Saturday at
everyones taste is different...
help: Does anyone know someone we can borrow a few guitar amps  1 bass amp from in Dallas next Friday?
It's starting to get a little better  but spend a few days following all the fake feeds and see how u feel.
part time.
I don't work everyday during the show
Sounds like he's playing quite well.
Don't hate my friend, embrace the former Badger!
:
Congrats for finishing the Boston Marathon.
Oh, the places you'll go!
ohh silly you no we love you for your personality, we LOVE ' EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU ' !!!
Just got home from an awesome refresher training...
feeling refreshed and ready to make things happen!
ROTFL....that is so true TEAM!!!
I only want one girl to be my valentine today!
My grandma!
Smells Like News: The Comedy Awards 2012: The Show, The ...
notice he no longer writes for Bloomberg
I need a new twitpic.....
lol
1A OFF SEASON!
RT : Revised national pastime list: Football The doctorft; Free Agency Training CampBaseball
Floyd Wayweather won by unanimous decision, it's
Add towne centre furniture on facebook for a chance to win a prize package worth 765!
See details on our facebook wall!
when was it tho?
I dnt go on fb that much
Bad News: Ean is dead.
Good News: the blonde looks really hot.
;
Africa gears up for the debilitating effects of climate change as efforts are ...
Newstime Africa
I've been up since 6...I'm starving!
lol I can't wait another minute!
Way to blunted to sleep
About to hit the weights.
well done fake professorssor!
there should be.
But rink B is down so no stick and puck at all this week
likewise.
But our cart doesn't float :
Meanwhile in AZ RT : Tonight at 10, how a valley woman takes all the hair that your dog sheds...
and raises money for charity!
Wish they can bring back boutique in the U.S., I can't live without the UV underbase mousse!
Hahaha U can't hate me!!
U gotta love me!!
Cause I love U!
One more song!
One more song!
One more song!
Miike Snow's audience at
right now I'm listening
Hey Daniel why don't u look up best beatboxer ever
Tracy morgan twitter just brought ya mans nack to life..
Oh we got pics!
Email me soon!
I like what I'm doing now.
Not everything is in place but professorssionally, i'm mostly okay.
Def getting Fios at the new crib.
Haven't fully moved in yet.
I just got a large duffel in the floral nightingale pattern, and it holds everything...
and then some.
; I love it.
3
Hate when people put up random shit like u can call me tonight.......
what the fuck r u talking about.
lol what is going on with u
LOOKING FOR CHICKENS AND A CHICKEN COOP!!
RT
agbt Penn State using MiSeq to genotype by sequencing polar bears.
Very cool.
TERRIBLE IDEA.
lol sorry bout it.
You kids have fun!
That's it!
I'm taking the rest of the year off!
Happy new year
7th: Ride w/Me by  rewarding doctorvers and passengers for sharing rides
RT Seski go to Newport this day!
Seski go Rogue Brewery and Agate Beach.
You watch for SeskI!
hamster ball!
everyone go follow they are so amazing and follow back i will give shoutouts to the 10 people who follow
I wish i had some nice fashion pix of Kim K ...
that would be fashion funtastic !
if your joking about doing it with my mom, should you be embarrassed?
Greeting to you and Arthur Tick.
It's good to know that you do not take a day off as evil does not rest.
But in all honesty, I feel like I'd have terrible control over each limb of my body.
Worth a try sometime though!
Yup.
I still got it.
Leeann so sweet :
Bella Swan?!
it was awesome!
Very challenging and tough but I rocked it!
:
just had a little nap:D
Last week of school.
Last Monday.
It was an amazing first round of the doctorft, its going to be a great season!
The offense is going to be back!
a tool for social engagement.
But my experience has been, it seems to be more about individuals selling themselves or their lives...
I don't go near that site, I still think one of their trojans is what crashed my computer!
Up, Open,  Ready for You.
Dbl Punch doctornk of the Day: Gingerbread Latte.10, 20, 30  OFF SALE continues.
Come on in, Shop, Support,  SAVE.
Let's see if can help you find us in AZ.
psh whatever.
priceless engraving.
has that librarian ever found cat murder puns?
i bet they haven't.
How are You today!?
I have a 30 coupon for Benihana.
I don't even know where Benihana is.
my doggie had to b put to sleep this weekend.
its the hardest thing ive ever had to go thru : RIP Pebbles I love  miss u 3
haha its so bad!
That's after i got rid of some and that's not even all of them.
:/
LOVE that line!
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Going to take a walk down to then head to The Source for some climbing it's going to be a good day in
Some Florida mother shot and killed her 4 Kids and Committed Suicide..
Seriously, why couldnt a random meteor just land on her head first.
Thanks Lo u da best
nowplaying Fall From Paradise  Classified
thats the nigga i wanna work with
It was as though a signal had been given and we had begun to rise....
Ive been thru everything in life but a coffin
is following all these people, i wonder if he'll follow me today:
LET ME OUT OF HERE
You make me smile all the time!!!
I love you more than chocolate!
:D When are you gonna do FollowMeAriana again?
: :
cheesy western, never again
So tired of the nausea!!
Code12 : hatchlings showing life, coffee is made, the morning cooking begins.
Getting ready for another stellar day at
Several OldOnes bragging the have been ALA members for nearly 40 years.
Odd, they only look like the have been members for 30.
Just read blog post on becoming your own technical cofounder.
Thanks for the words of wisdom and possibly a nudge...
pretty sure vander just got scolded.
I miss those...hope ya hit Vegas soon!
;
finished my finals exam
Marriage is give and take, so give it or she'll take it anywaySHAWN ROBINSON
Great EDU reformers are like great chefs.
You need them by your side 4 succeess.
What these edu chefs do not have is
RT : Haitians will watch the Spanish channel all day but don't understand a word of spanish.
Congrats Kelly!
The manned up on Tuesday night...
now it's our turn to fanup on Thursday!
Game 3!
It was not I who hurt u.
It was you who hurt me.
But know that I am not sorry, I do not mourn of this.
That it showed me who you really are.
Why do you hate ur dad?
Web 3.0 Zeustek is entering into web 3.0 .
Will update on more progress
Does your checklist for the week include engaging with your Advocates?
If not, might want to recalibrate the plan  they are your VIP's
Listening to the Ernie Kovacs Percy Dovetonsils CD that came in the mail today.
So very welcome, Rebecca, and ditto!
Women lie.Men lie
Last Day to get the Grasshopper Shake.
Tomorrow a new month and a new special shake  'Black Cherry' Blossom!
school time.
Kansas immigration debate still a stalemate
bye ppl
Gig thursday night at the old wagon in downtown san jose.
music at 930.
you should come
Bought Starters today!
Looking forward to it.
: I read the first couple of pages in BN and got hooked!
Goodmorning twitter peeps nd new followers :
The Strokes, oh hell yeah.
of course Long Ding is a kicker.
Here's hoping he makes a squad.
Then, MUST call his 1st converted field goal.
ahahaha!
This is awesome.
does anyone know where I could get a job application for GlobexCorporation to work with HankScorpio?
Gotta love NHL playoffs fights have been awesome
gaining weight 
All in a Day's Work: Today, I'll work on a Wordpress website development project based on the Genesis framework  Great for SEO  social
That's a shame.
I thought he was referring to the Brewers old pitcher/bullpen coach Bill Castro.
Need a little Monday inspiration?
How about our New Creation the Sweet Sunshine Pizza!
Loaded with good stuff, sure to make you smile
glad you got it!
Hope to see you soon
Im spending my sunday watching the red carpet i dont have a fno tee thought
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
Big Krit country folk
Still wondering how the Lakers managed to lose to the Cavaliers last night...
First the Clippers now this...
QuoteoftheDay Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.
Sue Patton Thoele
11 point Clippy lead in the first minute of Q3.
Where's the Mamba?
Where's World Peace??
Prep football finals are Nov.
1516.
With new basketball schedule, first games are Nov.
11.
Prep bb now starts 2 weeks before fb ends.
Enjoying brunch alone at TruOrleans on H st....H st is continually evolving....looks so different from even a year ago
Help out our friend tonite at on Hwy 620 in Austin.
Any cannedgood donation gets you a 1/4 pound of brisket!
So the job hunt officially begins today after finally receiving my Employment Authorization Card over the weekend.
Digital, SM, Ad
talking about sum body mama on facebook
don't you work or something?
Idk man.
Um I think its just a setting.
Mono instead of stereo.
Idk.
I dont know much about engineering.
Help us welcome Karina Bryant to The RAW doctoram Team!
If the label says Best before 2017 it probably isn't good for you bro
LifePath Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico  today we were breaking arrows with our necks, tomorrow  FIREWALK!
Ap calculus exam tomorrow.
O.O
As a Chi Sox fan, idk if Adam Dunn can get any worse!
This is BAD!!!
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
God is good, God is great, God is amazing D
Going shopping with annie!:
duh..why
I ment: Google Search: doctorwy King
A New Way of Reaching Latinos Online on YouTube: Mitú  Huffington Post
Over 1,000 fans!
Thanks, everyone, for your support!
GAMEDAY.
PLAYOFFS.
IT'S TIME.
If I've learned one thing in life, its that it goes on..!
I just can't believe it was with you'
I'm Looking for a GREAT Email collection Widget for my Blog.
Any Ideas anyone?
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.Albert Einstein
Good win for Manchester United today.
Still have work to do.
No doubt Sir Alex will help them keep their nerve for the remaining fixtures
Omg fuck no!
You must google find it :C
aww thanks doll!
We really appreciate it.
All of our sleeping options fell through 
Historic haunted ships, like the Marie Céleste will be featured at the ghost conference this year.
Wanna trade donations?
I see we are both a bit short of the min.
Oh and I might have bought a new toy :
Oh gawd.
Okay I promise.
I want VIP too, but I'll settle for at least being up front and center.
I want to see !!!
I'm done, it ain't no fun if homies can't have none
F'sho!
as long as it's cool with potus ;
can u doctorve me to the game
On my way to tha woodlands let's see if I can't spend any money lol
Bosh just pmtfo.
Im bout to get on yo head wit this golf club .
Golf club really ?
The baby shampoo is a useful and economical remedy to cleanse and soothe reddened eyelids.
Mix it with equal parts of warm water.
Brilliant.
What's the count?
okay, I'll do your eye brows to .:
How about some video David!!!
Tip 43567: best way to get a pitbull to give u kisses is to tickle their paws in a counterclockwise motion
My dad mailed me a 6 pack of Straub's Groundhog Brew...a bit late but still tasty.
Yep, the box was packed in old and well worn socks!
The VMAs never cease to disappoint me.
Where the fuck is the diversity?!?!
Uh oh.
Just found My Cousin Vinny Might have to watch whole thing.
I.
Dentical
Flybe slashes 39;hidden39; costs of booking air tickets
The goals in Bethesda, MD must not be regulation.
Yeah, that's why.
Pancreatitus is a serious Mother Fucker!
Im sick as all hell!
Lord help me.
this guy!
who wants thai food for lunch at 1pm or so?
come find Sara at Hillel.
Matthew wrote me a note back: I think that is the cutest thing in the world.
I love him3
This Day in History in Sarasota Very interesting site.
Great Sarasota history www.sarasotahistoryalive.com/index.php?srcsubmenuhome
No matter what I say, or what you have heard...
I'm totally Not over you.3
L'S CITY 091 GO HARD FUCK WAT ANYBODY ELSE SAY!!!!!!!!!!!
u want a roommate????
It's not like it's the end of the world..
::
I would imagine that would have a lot to do with how bad it was.
why aren't you on Skype while you are waiting.
liespeoplealwaystell I'm going to start my diet tomorrow to some, tomorrow never comes, even if today is tomorrow
Daily suppressive therapy for symptomatic herpes can reduce transmission to partners.
This isn't about you Leo RT : My dad's not asian...
RT : ah gotta love old Chinese scripture
The Tigers have released Brandon Inge.
If you weren't such a bitch, you wouldn't be worried.
These NBC Announcers are miserable, put Dan Patrick in...
hahaha I thought it was hilarious!!
Dude, you have a 1.2 GPA, they're never gonna pick you.
haha, yup, me too!
OK, just a slip for the start of the Rose Bowl, right?
Do any of you care about Diablo 3?
Less than 24 hours!
Let us know if you're a nerd.
We shall.
RT : Let's take a leap of faith today, shall we?
has finally written our new song titled Today.
Its an acoustic!
Tonights party spots  Agency, Rendezvous, and Sayers Club.
Hit me to RSVP or if you need a table.
LOL!
is my twin.
But she hasn't been on.
:
I got my clothes folded  put away the same day I washed it.
I must be in a super awesome mood or something.
Who's your favorite racing mascot?
Why on earth do you think what Sen.
Baucus' exwife has said is headline news?
thanks.
I can only cast you in just so many projects, misterItaly!
I'm sorry it was going to ruin my g.p.a..
it was for the best!!
No one else thinks the parents on 19 kids and counting are mentally ill?
Hm, ok...
Toyota Prius camper conversion has us charging for the woods
Get Rid of Negative Facebook Ads With Dove39;s 39;Ad Makeover39;
Fred Smith: Pound for pound, dollar for dollar it's hard to find a program that's been more effective than ARPAE
Thx for the response.
KSMO in KC won't ever preempt SKC  is a great announcer.
More of that feed plz!
:
thank ya velly much
happy birthday!!
Best wishes!
;
being evil from now on
that's fantastic!
Congrats to them!
MJ is still the KING!
SO 2 Perfect timing.
We're pulling 2gether new content now.
Can you hit me at
np Right by my side Chris Brown
Being all over guys is
Synapses not firing today, since I misread a Chronicle headline as Key Findings on Chickens,  thought hey, interesting.
Free Scott Sexy Rexy Rally now featuring DJ Gambale.
FreeScotty 
miss you too!
How are you guys doing??
how does it feel to have a cool cousin....
Message from our parent focus group: today's teenagers have it tough and both parents and teens need helping navigating!
Big thx 2 Obama 4 making clear in speech 2day that foreignaid is only 1 of the budget.
can't close deficit on intlbudget!
.
And it has killed the regular season...
RT The NCAA basketball tournament started in 1939 with 8 teams.
It now has 68.
aite oomf lied 2 me 4 da last time u aint gonna give me s/o smh u treated a s.o 2 my like i was askin 4 ya 
Farm in Milwaukee is great, but can it really happen?
Who can afford the startup costs?
RT Getting to see my grandparents is going to be the best part of this day!!
...
imthefavorite thats what u think!
I know that for a fact, but my allergies aren't that bad.
My only wish is that when it's cold, it STAYS cold.
100!
RT : If you're American you have a debt 2 pay.
Not 2 sit back  criticize what is happening but to contribute 2 what should
whhoooooaaaaaa !
Angry pants
Crying...laughing...
Can't WAIT to quit my waitressing job!
They be playin with ur money I SWEAR!!
Good win for the Panthers last night against Barry.
Now, the focus shifts to FSU this Thursday night.
Beat the Noles.
Chillin on hermosa beach.
The place that inspired the show rocket power!
Living the doctoram.
: Just crushed a bunny wtf dan
Day 6: EPIPHANY.
I cannot depend on this show to be my diet plan.
psst want my number lolz im a big fan n i wanna talk to u im 13 bout to b 14 plzz tweet bak haha
i feel naked.
and thanks for giving me two new people to follow!
Keep crushing this kettlebell workouts!
What's good all?
Thankful its Friday, hoping to get out of work early and head over to best buy.
New micro story will be available soon!
Feeling slow today?
Get away from your computer and find something that makes you smile.
What else do you do to shake off a sluggish mood?
Thank GOD I have a three day weekend this weekend, well now two days.
Something you can work out some you can
Wyclef the next President of Haiti?
theentertainmentbucket.com
lol well if their stench is as strong as you say yours is then I'm not sure you would really have a choice.
It only takes one person to make a difference!
So please tell everyone you know about !
HUGE plans in 2012!
And so it begins!
Happy TLA 2012!
I don't know what you have been listening to, but they use PLENTY of peyote; among overs....
;
All the time
needs a .net apps developer  Central NJ
Kids grow up too damn quick!
My little girl is starting High School.
Thank you
Noticing more and more iMessages saying delivered, that are actually lost in cyber space...
All branches of will be closed tomorrow, in anticipation of the big snow.
Plan accordingly!
Chair Rail?
You would be more excited if you relaxed, got more than 90 minutes of sleep each night, and enjoyed the experience!!
yo if you want tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight at Club Cinema, I got tickets.
Text me 9546545605
fixin translated not doing it yet but might do it soon :
nowplaying the EDM PLAYGROUND WITH TUNE IN RIGHT NOW FOR THE INTERVIEW  GUEST DUBSTEP SET BY DJ NICRO!!!
www.xradio.biz HOUSE
UGH PLANS GOT CHANGED, MOVIES 2MORROW
straight off da boat....
The evidence is telling a different story, a weak statement like this is not going to stop an investigation.
I told Kenny he was adopted 
Ok.
Just because I am 50 does not mean the only colors I want to look at are black, gray  navy.
Where's my pix!
Surely u handed Jimbo ur phone!
Oh wait  what was I thinking.....
Sydney Dalton is my new hero.
That's gotta be about the Maloofs.
They sell off all but 2 of the Palms, owed 70 mil to Sacto before this deal
Is there something Godly about killing an innocent man or woman?
these Sleeping are pills triiipin me o0ut!.
I have so much fun playing with those super strong hand doctorers!
Great to meet about and our CNL nursing curriculum.
WIHI
Knowing my bestfriend's mommy is hurting just breaks my heart..
Designing an Illustrator file based on Vintage Butterflies scanned from an antique book.
Finding old images is almost like treasure hunting
read my forthcoming entry at ahabsoup.com
New details in the murder of 2 women found dead at a Saugus school as the victim's son waives extradition to MA to face murder charges
Change in district policy about endorsements is forcing a lot of gradelevel shifts.
Not sure, but lots of hints and rumors.
Nope RT : Well I'm just a little voice in the blogosphere: has anyone else you encouraged trash talking even responded
including the ankle monitor you'll wear after you're indicted for phone hacking!
As an Aries you will win by any means necessary.
Confucius Kung Fu Tzu: Do nothing and nothing will be left undone.
Remove whatever stone this morning that has been blocking your flow and step into the destiny God has for you!
I love this neat debate about brains/psychology liberals/conservatives.
Nice topic choice!
OTL is doing a report on a Xavier womens' player who missed 2 wide open layups in a row.....isn't that what always happens in Womens bball?
Your twitter has been hijacked.
Unless you're actually sending me hurricane videos.
oh myy gosh!!!I hated that but it was pretty funny  a good memory!
Hahaha
Is it true you and Oliver are going to LeakyCon this summer?
hail stanford hail!
I am determined to get wasted in a classy bar in Vegas for once.
i'm so glad i don't have brown or pancake nipples.
I'm sorry bro
MY HOUSE IS ON MY STREET, but my home is in your arms.
An absolute pleasure tagteamin' the DJ booth tonight!
Good times at on
okay I wont but u cant be one either, nd follow me back :

1st Black woman on the cover of Vogue...
wow!
Thanks for the follow  following back :
Exboyfriends suck!
We are plugging away on the trailer!
Hoping we'll have it together soon to share with you!
Many people know how to criticize , but few know how to praise Ethel Waters, Singer Dancer and Actress
Definitely!
RT : Can't wait to get my LAMILL fix!
See you soon!
Rt: : Happy Monday!
Remember:All work and no...
Douchebag o' the week:
where da fuqq is that?
ha I'll look it up.
do you know when it is?
sorry  can't make it tomorrow.
have an investorthankyou dinner.
ping me before next week, or check my tweets
Late night rides seem to make her day better, so I buckle up and ride...
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 54
We miss YOU
stupid like that , then she said ok .
we talk like how quintin got a high top .
and the whole armon  tae thing then i was
: You've cat to be kitten me meow!
TEXTSP revises BICRA n Uruguay to group '7' from '8'
What should our bet be with LA's Fox Sports West Patrick O'Neil for Yotes/Kings?
Watching the Titanic..every time I watch it I wanna cry: such a great movie!
well it's handy to know I need to bring my horse if I plan to exceed my 2 hour max.
:
As usual, madness occurs when I play basketball on Tuesdays as Rod Barajas' walkoff 2 run HR wins it for the Pirates!!!
It is better to be young in your failures than old in your successes Life is like a box a chocolates, you never know what your going to get
so lucky i got to spend my last performance at ppu with such talented wonderful people!
84 Dead In Libya Protests In 3 Days
Tonight in Boston: The TNT Duo  Tania Stavreva  Teodora Dimitrova!
First Church in Boston 66 Marlborough St.
: never got it....
my  is the same call me//ok boo will do
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot!
So True!!
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 3hgr
bored doe...: Personal Deep Dish Pizzas
Hi !
Nice to meet you : Can I be of any help?
Would love to...
Phil dowd is useless
how was the weekend?!
Our Black Friday  Cyber Monday specials will be announced exclusively on our Facebook page later this week!
stop it
I miss Riley:
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3
r u an ICONiac?
U believe the UK would be a good locale for Gov 2.0 Expo?
Even with the parliamentary system?
My eyes burn
And to be clear, I'm not obsessed with , just more in admiration of her.
Floyd is so smooth , Cotto gotta win last 2 big or KO to win
me too!
So nice outside today in
Honestly that halftime show was produced very well.
Madonna looked a little stiff though
Probably wont go to school at all next week.
Found something to wear.!
:.
have to adjust to the density after hunger games.
sad we're not getting movie sequels or a director's cut.
dat cast!
Nah, back here in NYC.
The twitter challengewhat's that??
Let's do this!
RT : IU fans: Come out and welcome the Hoosiers home!
The team bus will arrive at Cook Hall today at 4pm.
That's a good choice!
Happy Holidays To All!
It is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them.
Every young girl deserves to grow up being told that she is beautiful every day!
lol your crazy I like you but your crazy lol
RT : Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Unknown
Great to see those changes come to Andoctorid.
That was one of the best finale's I've ever seen!
I would like to play Saturday on repeat for a few days.
Who do I have to talk to to make that happen?
thanks for the
That was pretty awesome!
omg.
You're so dead.
revenge ;
Morning Rockstars!
Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world.
Miguel de Cervantes
It seems like its gonna be the same as last night...
cool, not!
:/ Thanks for helping me last night!
Really could have stayed in the bed this AM!
But, happy to be alive, on my feet, and at my job!
Yea I been broke...now I'm good, bitch...I ain't no Kennedy, but I'm hood rich!
I'm really busy judging everybody!
So everyone thought the fact that the cloud looked like a smurf was funny excvept
: it's kind of sad?
Wise Justin, is life after high school all it's cracked up to be?
Hey everyone, make sure you hook up with this winter.
Mikey B is the man and has the best Denim pants on the planet.
so boring
we do video.
What's your budget?
someone in had one last night, perhaps it was?
Do you think Janelle Monae is femme or butch or both?
r u still using journler?
Why or why not?
I'm researching knowledge management apps  appreciate your experience w/ them
Where's all the rain?
Age does not bring maturity  Change does.
WaysToPissOffAFatPerson throw away your left overs
Thank you!
RT : I will be sure to write a post on my page and spread the information.
Jamie and Stefany worked on a couple songs last night.
Looking for lyrics and the melody for said lyrics to be found.
Tough job!!
Another good reason to live in Israel, NY Rangers  NY Knicks are both on TV here LIVE!
So excited!
About to go spend some time with Monet at the Thanks again, !
THANKS...LOL..239Turk Lookin Thu My Followers  I Noticed.....
I GOT SUM SEXY ASS FOLLOWERS!!!!
Ali's with the girls :
we going to have to go get some grub lol
Do you think they said Reed you need to make some changes or we will?
damn bro...what i do?
Happy Easter Natalie!!
Hope you have a great day!!
wish you were here!
that rapper in the first episode is me
lmao I hauled ass like 2 seconds later; dont worry about it hoe:
bah  happens less than you think I'm sure!
btw I hear we may be working together w/you  Amalia soon : CV
sure will!
2 hours of football with kids yesterday .
.
.
and baseball today.
Enjoying winter.
So much fun and so much fried food!
for the sake of portraiture, procedural evidence, and mapping
get it gurl :
Good night Cleveland.
Another day without snow hohoho!
you've come a long way!
take away the 1/2 million  extra prize she won..
you wouldn't know if I am.
watched The Firm this weekend, must have been before Tom learned to karate chop the air to run faster
quot;Hunger Gamesquot; Whets An Appetite For Archery  Neon Tommy
My Quote of the Day  Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going., Jim Rohn
Palin on Newt: Annoy a Liberal, vote for Newt!
....and Colbert's take on that So Newt is like a flaming bag of poop you can VOTE for!
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
GAME TONIGHT!!!
Come watch the Panthers as they compete for the Milwaukee Cup against New Mexico  Valley Field 5 p.m.
When you're original, you have to be prepared to be copied...be prepared to be hated on...both for the same reason..they wish they were you
happy birthday!
I really can't wait to see you open for 1D.
You're an amazing singer:
which mobile sites/apps support facebook developers/ppl who have acces to TIMELINE?
I have blackberry.
TNX
this season is weird, but I think The Yankees will end up winning.
They'll get another start in a trade.
u wanna start wit me we can go lol !
Today I'm a sideman with the Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra.
Playing 2nd Tenor next to the one and only !!!
Who remembers some of my old music?...
LMS for All Night Long  Got Em' Jookin...
Love the name too  my company's name is InfoShare ;
This is great!
I would love to learn mote about Rio.
3 or 4 close bowl games doesn't make up for the 25 or more that are garbage and flat out uninteresting.
Focusing on doing the right things  doing things correctly seem to go hand in hand.
And will be an Illinois voter!
AMEN RT : Tim Tebow is not fit to hand Peyton Manning a towel.
Arias pops out and this one's in the books for the bad guys
I'm right there with you.
Thank you all for such a stupendous plot.
Alright now ..
What's the deal with skool getting close .
Live it up!
just saw your mug design randomly on the interwebz
TGIF....very tough weekorchestrated by outside forces/HATERS
Cool.
We'll announce it,
RT : Wisconsin 1st state in nation to enact collective bargaining.
WI values workers' rights.
Its one of those days I could be in a great mood.
At the same time I am disgusted.
And missing my Daddy oh so much.
I hate living in pain.
I'm the queen of giving chances.
I believe in people and I believe it's never too late to say sorry and start over again
bro u need to get a location so we can film that straight shots video lol
kinda.
Im a slow thinker so yea.
Haha.
She said you're such a dog, I said you're such a bone
hi big head how u been doing
Happy Birthday, man!
thanks for RT, Greg.
Have a great day.
haha I hope it is
Going to see D12 Tonight?
You Could be!
DM , FIRST 2 NAMES GETS A PAIR OF TICKETS TO THE SHOW TONIGHT!
Wow, Punch the Teacher looks like hit TV.
After looking more in depth at google's self doctorving car, it appears we are getting much closer to WallE's predicted future.
I hate it when that happens.
I hope you find them soon.
Come see my sketch show, SummerCaliNarcissisticSexpelalaDouchUs tonight  10 pm  Strait Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd, 90038!
Lots going on this Saturday, Friends booksale  Old Colorado City Library  OC3 meeting!
Done recording and editing the audio: only took 1 hour for about 15 minutes.
why when i just said bye to you on the phone I was wavin.lmao :
lmao!
U loving the new place?
Thanks!
We have actually changed a little more since those images were taken!
Come by to check out what we've done!
I hate how I can't be friends with guys because their psycho girlfriends.
I have a boyfriend, thanks.
No problem!
It was sweet to see it the first time...
Time to finish them off
At ChickFilA.
Hoe is packed!
Made my lunch today.
First time in like forever!!!
and my lunch have my face on it sence preschool :
Opening the heart with !!
I dunno..no one :
so good for you!
you can do it!
to sue from her son jason and daughter jenni.
that would be an awesome gift.
so I hope u get thsi
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars.
You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Did you know..
May is National Asthma  Awareness Month?
Josue had the best game of his career.
Let this be a start.
Watching AGT but I miss TheVoice and the stuff says
Happy Easter Everyone :D
Congrats!
You are halfway through the week!
Can't wait to watch Cook it Raw episode tonight!
I am an official owner of my own business!
Hoping to bring Kousagi Crafts to LC Farmer's Market this July!
Get our Las Vegas Now Deal on Groupon!
This month seems to have taken forever to pass by, but watch April fast forward...
Aww..
:3 you are soo cutesweet!!
; too bad you can't be like 3 years older :'
aww lmfao I feel so loved now!
Guy whistling down the hall is doctorving me nuts.
Something wrong with him.
..Where were you?
This cannot happen again!
hah
: Still winless.
Need some tips for the ponies...
Always bet on
we got you
I was thinking the same thing..definitely spoiled this winter with little snow in Philly!
Wow.
Thank you!
So many beautiful choices.
I'll email you later.
What is the hardest part about losing weight?
I Hate My Face ?
Uh no, I hate UR face!
Lol why is this trending?!
:p
Got a great idea worth spreading?
You could be a speaker at this year!
Let us know.
;

doctor bought the company today, hit him I guess
you're welcome!
I wish that I was talented.
I have such a good Tshirt idea for this IU game.
how old are u?
yes my friends.
pink ropes give it away?
Met BryanLi.
heard he was fab.
And.
Tis true.
Has anyone else truly missed ???
I need a new album from her stat;
you should
About to beat some ass in Frisbee golf.
i think they are!
figured out who they're from, too...phew?
I don't like how popular pinterest is becoming : I wish is was still my little secret.
Selfish moment
why?
DM me.
I'm poppn bottles
It's very Snooki...
: Ok they definitely over did it on my makeup I look Umpa Lumpa Orange
5 hours of snow now, it only stopped for maybe 30 minutes.
Maybe more, I woke up at 730, could have been snowing before then, too
I hate being a girl sometimes 
Chris: part of a team that is promoting digital access to collections
New song kickin it will be up shortly, check out the new song miss freckles if you didnt do so yet
I like blogpost hey I'm cool.
I have an iphone and can now blog about my country dog.
My design inspiration for FollowFriday: and
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
Publish the work, have students write reflections...
Communicate how skill development is progressing.
Interactive video allows you find out what your listener wants and deliver a tailored message.
no problem
game 3 hasn't happened yet.
Don't go jumping to conclusions
I'm looking forward to the people and the experiences of Faffcon 2 this weekend!
RT : Why is megrahi putting out news about coma...to boost book sales?!Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 1,378,668
Nobody's denoralizing you.
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra?
A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
Eating frozen dark chocolate Kit Kats.
I can literally see my waist line expanding...
But I can't stop.
Thanks, Barb.
I trust that the kids are safe.
I can survive a little worry knowing that!
im sorry i ever loved you.
I dont use Photobucket anymore to make my icons but something else :
Happy birthday to the only fan I'm actually afraid of,
Lol because it's true RT : Why must people close the overhead bins like they're trying to keep a vicious badger from escaping?
damn that's some shiesty shit.
Tomorrow I'm going to Springfield in Virginia xD
I don't know, but she better be worth waking pissed off over.
If you're going to be involved in journalism, at least get your facts right.
Courageous journalist to greedy publisher
wanna follow me?:
RT : OH: and this is where rockstars lay out their skanky whores and do lines off their scars.
Leadership  There go the people.
I must follow them for I am their leader.
is definitely the woman.
HAayyoooohh!
what up :
Aw thanks!
glad you enjoyed our sushi, btw, thank you very much for your business!
cooking 101  work rice and ground meat  squash  green stuff :?
:
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Some guys are so damn sexy I just can't say no!
Feeling in love right now
as far as the Eastern Conf.
goes, I'm cheering for the Caps to beat N.Y.
N.J.
to beat Philly.
After that, NO!
Lol
: Lets be completely honest, I would feed you to a shark...
brutalbuttrue You'd be playing Jaws on a cello while watching
Haha!
I feel honored
Fred Shaw returns onside kick 4 yards for score with 5:02, lifting to 6144 lead over Pittsburgh.
Middle finger 2 my past
Billion Dollar Idea: ChildCancelling Headphones
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I'm Late
doesn't sound good...
I think my cat is part frog, part monkey and the remaining part cat.
A fronkat.
that's not cute
look who's sitting behind me..
FULL METAL ALCHEMIST IS STILL COOL.
lively  awesome discussion via email already in progress by partners re: SOTU
How bad R ?
2nites pre  game broadcast vs.
Jays all about playbyplay guy being on !
And it's only May 10th!
Thank you Duke.
My bracket is now screwed.
angrytweet 
People trippin out about people being excited about their GPAs.
Its not like everything else everyone tweets is so god damn interesting....
That goal was ridiculous
Me n lol
Time for nite nite.
Just glued a blown up pic of 's avatar on a Barbie Doll...
Cc:
Ten K's for Dempster!
Great job!
Speaking at on May 22, alongside the alwaysscintillating , currently of , formerly of
bekah is pregnant.
No doubt.
I'm new to the area, so all new friends are welcome.
Rolling Stone Red Carpet was rediculous!
Awesome night
I am definitely capable of going on forever...
can attest :
Then the next logical step is the 3D Silent genre.
Or, wear ear plugs to the rerelease of 3D Star Wars.
Musings: Solve your own problems.
Change initiated happens before change waited on.
Wow.
Never thought I'd say this, but that movie Snow White  The Huntsman actually looks kind of cool.....
Thanks for the mention!
Do you have a link supporting that?
Would love to take a look...
Nas, Diddy and Russell Simmons' Child Support Payments Are Revisited
What a surprise to see you on Twitter!
Miss you!
thanks babe 
Haha, yeah.
No problem!
A Playboy centerfold of 1976 would need to shed 12 lbs of fat and gain 27 lbs of muscle to be a centerfold today
The lord blessed me to see the sun
: Brewers lost to the Giants 43 this afternoon.
Game went into extra innings.
Ed Anderson, president and CEO of CGH Medical Center has announced his retirement, effective Jan.
4 2013.
I do not have a Low Rider butt.
Why do I wear Low Rider jeans?
Fun day ahead!
Counting cash with Tracy today was a nightmare .
Finding it hard to believe is celebrating her 25th anniversary, she must have started at age 3.
Congrats!
o.O
haha I just read Sisson's book, too, so all the dots are being connected.
Glad all you giants are sharing your knowledge!
whatever what u wanna say that but i say ur cutie bestie!:
Thanks for the retweet!
Coyotes and Predators take the ice for warmups.
BorowitzReport What a fucking hack.
Comedy?
Maybe if you're an Obama sycophant.
I don't get it.
Why are all the critics raving about Descendants?
Horrible prodding film with really bad Hawaiian yodeling throughout.
Have a great night Danielle.
I'm looking forward to auditioning for you.
Stop the presses!!!
A local meat market imports San Marzano tomatoes!
Holy hell it's on like Donkey Kong!!!
FDA must balance evaluation of product safety with more efficient approval of innovative new doctorgs: editorial via
They're selling The Communist Manifesto This place is run by Marxists!
Everyone have a safe and productive week.
It's backtoschool time.
Watch out for childoctorn crossing the streets!

Nicely done!
Students forget textbooks, used cell phones for info.
Goodbye textbooks
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
doctorveway flood light is out again.
Good outdoor LED floods can't come soon enough.
Imagine you're walking out of the kitchen with a sandwich.
Austin sneaks up behind you and kisses your neck whilst stealing the sandwich.
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it ok enjoy ur time with adam
Talor, have you made up your mind yet?
Are you staying at PSU?
The kids are in bed.
The day's work is done.
The house is quiet.
All I want to do is STARE and do nothing!
all the time, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE, a little difference but a difference ;D
my favorite band is One Destination and my favorite one is the mexican!!
No clue what makeup looks good on U?
Get lessons or experiment.
Don't be too busy to be that sexy, hot and fun mom, wife, or bachelorette.
Thoroughly enjoyed the npx2012 conference today.
So glad we had the opportunity to attend.
Thanks to all the speakers.
and Clay Aiken sucks a lot of dick!
If you call me baby in the first text..
You get no reply.
I'm not sorry.
I use to hate it cuz I always thought about ny train stations but now I love the bacon melt : n hey boo
thanks so much for the pledge!
Xo
racks have been confusing men for quite some time now.
is the love of my life 3
Katherine, I am now following you.
Follow me and DM me and I'll see if I can help.
And I promise to unfollow when we're...
tell me about it, just moved out of my dorm, into quach's house, and had to pack to go home for 2 weeks haha
Who wants to chit chat for a few?
And also checkout our online store!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com :
ready for this class to be over with
He's evolving?
MT : Can't believe how obsessed my dad has become over miniature dachshunds.
He used to race cars and pound beers
Not my most effective use of my Winter Break, but I did manage to relax and recharge.
Laughter is the best medicine!
?
YourFavWhiteGuy ?
his hilarious tweets make me laugh and smile so much!
Follow him now, you'll love it ?
Just got my dog a cardiologist for his high blood pressure and slightly enlarged heart.
He's overweight too...
doggie personal trainer?
I love
SaySomething was AMAZING as i was expecting : i loved it 3
Man, come on LAkers...
Don't let Bonner shot that shot...
Keep a hand in his face PLEASE!!!
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its rich
Well, we held our first ever picnic lunch at the good ole Sports and Social Club today.
It wasn't planned but hey, it was lunch!
No, no, no, you say that proudly...
hm...
Wasn't aware that instagram was the premier portal for photos of fingernails.
RT : Q1: WHATS THE BEST PIECE OF ADVICE YOUR MOM EVER GAVE YOU?
Sounds fun!
Go through the Hudson Valley  Woodstock, the Dia museum in Beacon, Kingston.
Loved road trippin there from New Haven.
Can this weekend get here a little faster?
I am dying of anxiety, get here!
you a real brotha.
I remember you doing a backspin on the basketball court in San Antonio / Seguin TX.
back in the mid 80's.
CONGRATS
hmm how about team kaotic lancer :D
dude your a fag!
They are sick and plus I have to wear ankle braces so it's like they are just built in
Healthy Halloween Snacks: Cereal bars, low cal pudding, 100 cal packs, sugarless gum, microwave popcorn, raisins, hot cocoa mix, mini cereal
Nothing gold,can stay
I have 1 appointment open for MusInk this weekend in Costa Mesa, Ca.
We hope everything was great!
Thanks for celebrating with us...
actually I'm going to goldstein 1st.
want anything?
no you!
Now go to bed.
I am night
If you don't try u will never know
Take a moment for yourself and enjoy!
really fine hail in Noblesville coming down rapidly now
has arrived in the studio!
She's warmed up and ready to start singing
nothng on you is a great song and video..thats whats up i loved it..
On vacation, but you'll still be getting a new letter this weekend!
I didnt make cheer captainin oh wells:/ :'
Shared joy is double joy, shared sorrow is half sorrow.
Swedish Proverb
10 more pages done in my newest book  woo hoo!
Alberta street is closed today for June lastthursday.
Bring your crafty, artsy self and support your local street party!
MIFID II details are out  the UK/EU fintech journalists I've spoken to have already said it's going to be a long evening...
You're my new little dark side crush!
My research methods class requested that I give them more info about grants/grantwriting.
Hive mind any suggestions?
If you anyone doubts Shakespeare was not the 17th Earl of Oxford they should look at his chart.
There's no question
or holograms
I just sneezed really hard  it felt like my neck was exploding..
love to EARN your business too brother.
I'm a short road trip away.
Have decent connections to assist your voyage.
Cheers Mate
you told me the story before lol
let me text my baby daddy.
thanks!
Needed serious updating :
GRAB THAT NEW MIXTAPE THE UNDERGROUND KING FOR 5 ITS HOT HIT ME UP FOR YA COPY BOUTA GO TO CLASS
Wieters is inhuman and immortal
Hope you like my book!
:
I really wish 2 of my followers would grow up!
share any new information about google
You would've seen it again without the 3 turnovers in one quarter.
He will need to be dealt with in the playoffs.
I second that!
I just don't know what I am going to do with you shawty lol!!
Uhm before you call her pathetic look at you.
Nobody makes love on bear skin rugs anymore.
Now the outrageousbiz competitors have to face a lightning round of questions.
students think quickly on their feet!
recieved a resume today, special skills listed: twirls and mean baton, so so funny improv jokes, yea Im not kiddin
long night was over at 11:20 walk into my hotel room at 4am what a mess and was very expensive to get around here.
Well said!
Unfortunately, people seem to be lacking respect these days.
Thanks for doing your part to change that.
Happy Birthday to two of the sweetest girls I know: and :
Have distinct poetrywriting headache  yet have written no poem.
Hate being home by myself!
Neverfun :
that was bonerific
I swam a mile this morning, how about you?
hit me up bro
Zed's dead baby
Join us for our Sunday Champagne Brunch tomorrow 10:30am2pm and enjoy unlimited FREE champagne with each entree.
Dent and dings or hail damage lowering your vehicles value and appearance?
One easy solution www.kingoftheding.biz
I haven't read the books, but I was horrified by the film,  I'm neither squeamish re violence nor fretful re kids' sensibilities.
I'm starting to get sleepy  I'm ready to go home.
Thx all for RTing and believing in the CiteYourSources campaign!
What happened to last week's fidelity to ?
Just finish watching the green hornet i could not stop laughing.
lies I do call you, you never call the hell bk
I am NOT  I repeat NOT going to watch Prision Wives  LOL  just the thought of it makes me laugh
i always have writers block!
factswithoutwikipedia Nuclear Winter a myth invented by Soviets.
Nuclear Indian Summer a well documented after effect of nuke testing
You know Knicks will beat Orlando lol
Happy birthday P
Anyone have the gophers player rebounding breakdown at the half??
1 step out the car...yep ill be movin here
please?:D
Scandal Time Twits
day off, gym then working on track
Hey i'm glad u found me
Thanks for score!
To everyone making fun of Jets fans tonight because we just added extra Sanchez.
Not Funny!
Some of have to live with it.
Thanks Jason!
Ooh good for you!
I really want to do one of those intensive retreats
Rest in peace grandma Claire, thank you for the wisdom.
Do people not realize it is 3 days before christmas??
any warning from the NWS of this storm?
Lots of lighting and thunder!
wtf!
hey Kevin.
Lol
I love macaroni grill!!!
Bryce Harper says he's not sore or bruised from the Hamels HBP.
Not at all.
He than asked how's the ball.Unstopable
Wonder if cameras would alter Thomas' judgin' style reports Thomas hasn't asked a Q?
during arguements since 2006.
Done!
All legs.
gonnabelimping !!!
with the Nets changing there name that makes u an ICONicBrooklynDigga 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.
NIV John 6:47
I am Nerd.
I think
Free baseball is fun
Shopped at Simon's in Montreal...
totally in love!
Sale section has the best deals ever!
Marlins, Hanley getting treated like the Heat, LeBron now.
Holy shit, people need to calm down.
SBA needs your marketing expertise to capitalize on all of the opportunities
Our pleasure :
RT : Evaluating the impact of science, technology and innovation programs: a toolkit via
I guess I don't get Twitter as much....
Who cares if there is TMI?
: good to see you at least on 1 social network
Ah, yes, the morning coffee is where I seek the positive.
And the afternoon coffee.
And even the evening coffee...
Heat look good too, bwahahahahaha
ah......
ive been talkting to her on yahoo : HA SUCKA sorry.
do u have her email.
and i got a new email btw
what's your over/under for being too old to wear a players' jersey?
What a great show .
Can't wait for tommarows members call at 930 est
No power  time for
sold out for tacos
Um hypocrite?
Yes.
I haven't been on twitter at all
You are very welcome!
wow which son?blake?
So glad to hear that you liked my class.
: I miss teachingmostly the student interaction.
How are you?
Really like your website.
Cody Robert Simpson has swag.
:D
No.!!!
Ride The Bus Please.?!?
I use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Jim Shepard's Master of Miniatures.
A really cool novella.
congratulations!
that's awesome!
Notre Dame's Brittney Mallory gives a shoutout to their teams Strength Coach in the Post game interview
is my bestfriend follow her :
Good luck guys!!
o.O That's a lot of comments.
FollowFriday some of the best.
Or I do but I'm not going to let even myself know about it cause I will trip balls I wish I was tripping balls ortrickingballllls:pjksmh
Hello..there
the funny thing is that now living in the U.S.
I often want the worklife balance from D.
It's a better quality of life there
it has been a great day!!!
To all the Curtin's on the East Coast of the USA...be careful and stay safe this weekend!!!
we should re start up
Well said!
Now time to doctornk.
RT : IT'S HERE!!
Lol I take it you gents have had a nerf gun shoot out of your own??
Everyone fears the Nerf gun at the office.
Please ignore the DM I sent you.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Hope you have a great day!
cool chris davis cool
haha wow.
10 minutes into the blackout and ive already come to realize that without wikipedia this would be a horrible world...
he isn't
Thorns still attached and the whole ya dig.
I don't know anything about music.
In my line you don't have to.
Elvis Presley
ha ha!
Yeah I'm crazy busy but most of it good.
RESP.SYNCTIAL VIRUS AFFECTS YOUNG KIDS LUNG AND BREATHING POOR BABY SO SICK
your just jealous because austin likes her and not you!
Bye hoe!
Awww too cute!
breaking: Pres Obama's advisers convince him to flipflop on gay marriage b/c polling doesn't look too bad
It will be great to see you, and we'll grab a bite afterwards.
MindFirstFitness on Linkedin.
Where the 'big boys' play...
Yeti is the number three trending topic on yahoo right now.
The empire is apparently striking back in 2012.
Amazing work.
Congratulations on another fantastic CreektoBay Cleanup.
Why aren't they asking him about winning DPOY?
NewYorkYankees keep a rollin' but CoreOfFour is getting a tad battered and acting their age.
Except the timeless
TEDMED Research misconduct occurs when negative results not published.
Publication bias!
Powerful talk with evidence in PloS medicine.
My boyfriend is the sweetest.3
The Infinity Airbrush System is excellent for body builders, brides, and brides maids, proms, home coming or going on vacation.
We love it!
i'm in Crown Point, bitches!
Looking forward to recording today..Back to Chicago is the plan.
gracias for the follow
Happy National High Five Day!!
High Fives to everyone doing something active today!
It's been long enough!
RT Today could be the first time to reach 75 in 278 days.
Celebrate this evening with  price wines
Doug Thomas  What if our educational institutions were about the wonder, pleasure, and fun of learning?
Not everybody will like you let that be their problem says at
Why yes, I am OK with giving men's fashion advice.
I'm a snappy doctorsser?
Thankyou for the compliment.
did you go!?
There are Jelanators out ther and if that would happen i would cry
do you want me to retweet this?
I love how I spend more time on Tumblr than on here.
Hence it posting ten times a day.
u just had one two days ago!?!
Ur on to the next one already!?!
great sweety!
Just produced a film called timeless!
How r u?
Can anyone out there recommend a good chiropractor?
VN, coming back with M of 63, time to run the game over!
I'll take care of you
so basically you can't answer: Is now the right or wrong time to raise taxes, given the income doctorp.
Your vote can be the one to make a change.
Vote Yes to
And that last tweet was 1111, now this is 1112.
Not cool, lady who farted in the sale room at Anthropologie.
The Missile  Shredded Chicken, Carmelized Onion, Blue Cheese, Pepper Cream Cheese on a Wheat Hoagie.
: I'll be giving you a set, make sure they are not leaked Hold those photos you two.
They're too good, too soon!
Great housing deals in South Florida from 50k to 150k you can buy homes
Thanks, Dolche!
I can't wait until I finally get to meet you :
Livin' Young  Wild  Free :
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you okay?
Let us know if you need any ideas or hookups!
Acting deals with very delicate emotions.
It is not putting up a mask.
Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself
I'm sprung

Uptown!
Uptown!
: t.you.
Hope u have a great one!
:
why can't it be Monday at 10PM?!!?
lost more twitter followers?
Also baking blueberrylemon mini cakes for said cocktail party.
90 points.
Amazing!
Even my exes are hitting me up.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
Is it a full moon?
Am I being punk'd?
Chillin in world fair park with
HELLO IM IN MY SCARY BASEMENT ALONE
Digital gains lift SunTimes past Tribune in weekday circulation
Some Of These Bitches Be Bout Ratchet As Hell In Person But Be Lookin A Whole Notha Person On Twitter / Facebook !
I don't round which causes much gnashing of teeth even though I note this on the syllabus.
thank you
Man the offense looks bad right now.
I.S.D.
Locksmith ISDLocksmith Pacific Beach Locally Owned  Operated 29 service 15 rekey 45 lockout repairinstall 29
Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!???
Wtf
I have to buy these shades tomorrow, have to, I don't have a choice, when he sun shines I need shades.
Need them...
No guilt...
No guilt.
I wanna see :
Black Keys at Mesa Amphitheater!
Miss :30Club though.
WHO WANTS TO DESIGN THE GREENSMOKERSMVMNT LOGO
Red lights become exponentially worse when surrounded by chicken trucks of death
just mapped the conference hotel for tomorrow...it's closer than the office!
We are pondering the universe, Jen.
Happy Mother's day to my beautiful MILF s.
Add that place to my list of bars that don't sell pbr
Thank you darling!
I think there's still blood all over that kitchen.
Poor dear renters.
Watched season premiere of Intervention, now looking to hold one w/ someone I know.
Be suspicious if I invite you to meet me somewhere.
Next AskAuntLisa video comes out tomorrow for a chance to win 2 more posters signed by Austin!
HINT Some answers will be from MY VIDEOS!!
is it on yet i live in fl, and i'm at the website, but i don't see you
I just never let anything bother me, man.
I know myself really well.
Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself.
Ruben Studdard
you know what?
i think im done.
Done with all this bullshit.
with all your bullshit.
if you wanna be with me,okay.
if not don't confuse me.
Excellent promo for Gen election.
When states outlaw LeagWomenV it's a problem
Q woke up screaming and scared smh
Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Tune in next week for the Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
hehehe I see many epic faded nights in our future!
I miss you to buddy /3 and your on twitter again?!
:D
don't get too doctornk tonight
Now, I shall look threw all of 's recent pictures to see if he has wore the hat me  gave him.
I might as well be at my company picnic.
:  In due time you will pay for all the wrong you've done.
Amen!
this
and you are telling this to us to ..
make us jealous?
You aint finding the big hairy guy that way.
Tip: If you have a lot of skeletons in the closet, refrain from running for political office.
planning a move is hard work.
this is the 2nd time, and still tough.
but totally worth it.
Seiling, Oklahomas own Gary England just followed me on Twitter!Thanks from one rural boy to another.
MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs I want you back!3
Pray tht I will have a place called home I been livin with different ppl since my mom died when I was 15
Working with a new client today...this company specializes in finding green uses for gray water...
Deff Joan Rivers, shes feisty and would not let herself lose, she would deff win the games :
I was going to have Tyler Flowers delivered but it was too expensive.

Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
awww let me know if I could be any help?
tell him Fonville
I need passwords!!
Lol
ditto!
: note to self: make digital product for facebook to acquire.
sheesh

would love to hear more about your experience.
Let us know if you would be interested in a guest blog post!
You really don't want to give a bully that much power
Just a coincidence that both improv and birth certificates can be categorized into shortform and longform?
Sad to hear the news about Really like his music.
Hope he's not in any pain.
I'd be sadder if the nephew hadn't taken up singing Scotland The Brave in a terrible Scottish accent for the past week.
Hahaha.
Making homemade banana bread...
Yum!!!
My house smells SO good!!
Kill with self.
Swagger.not.the real tv versions like.ur.thinking.of.
Both.
Duh.
likewise, best of luck!
Smh I need my dang shoes
Yes Sir I am
I don't think I ever saw him as a first rounder last year, but maybe a little higher than this year.
As of today I will no longer tweet anything wrt politics.
I get far too emo over the state of the country.
Most of my customers are Dems.
well then, thank you for support :
When some1 says Id explain but its complicated Im not offended they think so little of me, Im offended they think so much of themselves.
Win it for Brad!
I want to be so i've never go to school with classmates..

Thanks for a great meeting this morning!
The future is bright!
CRASH: I5 NB Ramp to I84 EB Right lane is blocked off the top deck of the Marquam Bridge traffic quickly backing up past Macadam
I had to fight off the urge to get one for dinner, too.
The devil wants you to say hell yes.
But jesus wants you to say hell no!!!
How Do You Know About Vinny?
we just convinced one of our clients to go for a simple smoke test instead of a new 30K premium feature.
I get my feet did straight up
Spring is around the corner.
Get smoother, glowing skintastic skin with our customized Dermaroller or Dot laser.
Experience the difference.
funny!
My friend LOVES comic sans.
I know, me too.
We should plan a day together in Athens, make a yoga class part of it.
And don't forget your doctorappt.....;o
Tonight is a good night for a movie.
RT : Just like we abandoned Michael, we abandoned Whitney when she needed us most
cont.
it's fun, full of great booths  an awesome way to network!
Check us out in the WEST Pavilion!
If I recall, 3rd inf, 82nd Airborne...I was shopping for a home down your way when they changed his duty station!
:
Museum people from around the world are heading to aam2012 in Minneapolis.
Hope it doesn't snow!
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the unable to contact facebook msg now that I have upgraded?
I have not been able to get in
New Strains: Big Foot, Big Hoss, Jaw Breaker Kush, Northern Blue, OG Kush, Skunk Berry, Super Silver Haze, Trixie
Call in your order and we'll have it ready for you when u get here.
9167790737
Exciting news coming!!!
STAY TUNED!
ha ha.
Went pad.
Thanks, ScottI had to do it twice, but it works now.
How's it feel knowing you make people feel like shit?
not my goal  I've got plenty to focus on in the integration realm w/o adding all of that
I love you Andoctor!
Miss your crazy ass
I hadn't thought of it but I will keep you posted
I think more so it used just out of context.
Hating doesn't  opinion but judgement of something.
But it's a stupid term away
is talking to us about copy that sells.
Excited to see what she has to say!
iBooksAuthor makes me jealous of teachers.
That seems like a really cool thing to get to mess around with and get paid
Watching my all time favorite movie :
TebowGotTradedFor A PACK OF CONDOMS
back in town time for a Loft VinoQ deck jam how's next week?
I want track 1!!!!
Jacobs suppose to finish recording next week you know what that means.
Cough EP cough
what?
What'd MW do to him?
Houston Dynamo kick off their season in a few minutes vs Chivas at 6 PM CT.
With the new stadium opening in May this should be a great year!
I was breaking someone on court side : I was working that's why
a bigger post on finery's new incarnation will be up on the website tomorrow!
xox
Amen!
RT : Love doctoraming bigger than I have before.
I want to get in over my head this year.
Trusting God.
amen to that.
These kids on my bus this morning didnt know what the hell they were talking about.
Never set yourself up for failure...
whoa i just clicked on the Chiodos hashtag and a whole bunch of people i follow were on there.....
hugs to you!!!
lots of people love and support you, no matter the trials you face XOXO
: I will never falter in the face of fear or doubt.
Well Manchester you really brought it tonight.
Look out London were coming for you.
Live dvd shoot tomorrow night!!!
Winning the hearts and minds transformative in building postKatrina coalitions says How do we sweep in MORE people?
rihanna and chris brown!!!
though its over..
RT There's no place like home
Seriously you are ok, don't ever change cuz of me RT : I gotta watch what I tweet.
My mom reads my TL.
Sorry :
please follow my new account iam already following u.
Like the new LinkedIn Company Follow option.
that was close phew!
agreed...
I've learned to live with it!
I'm not a role model or a doctor Seuss.
Yo I'm a gangsta.
love the chair, great job!

applied for you, if you like.
our phone agents do not have access to web only offers, unfortunately.
crazy day....
just booked a flight to leave melbourne in 6 weeks...
feels weird 
Movember RT Tim Thomas' mustache is threatening to replace Thanksgiving as the best November tradition.
Headin' to the north country later today to see some savvy Flagstaff Business New clients.
Will be dodging I10 and I17 idiots.
RT : Follow for live updates from 1 p.m.
Phylicia Barnes news conference.
hahaha love it!
;
: Whoever wins the Mega tonight needs to let me Host there Celebration Party...
45 47 !!!!
Just received the award for Conner Prairie..
an incredible moment
sick life bro!
bringing back childhood memories of summers spent on Corsica filled w charcuterie cheese  rosé wines straight from the barrel.
haha.
looks like u got some competition for best impression.
lil girl is GOIN IN!!
crazy!
SHIT!
You're amazing with your videos: keep it up dude!
You're cute btw;
what are you wearing tomorrow?
GG , now get to see Darren Elias put on a clinic at least.
YES.
I'm terrible at standardizing on one airline, so that would be brilliant.
I'd be a beta customer!
that awkward moment wen u call ur teacher mum!
There is battering going on with my giveaways
Make this week your best week yet!
: Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10?
That will show him whos boss.
hahahah
Sound of My Voice: A tense scifi puzzler
Wouldnt it be HYSTERICAL if that rumor was true....Trevon Martin's heart wound up in Dick Chaney's chest.
So Steve, was just looking up your location on Google Maps.
What's it like living in Vasteras?
Do you have a house there?
Be ultra careful when trying to help people swim out of a situation.
You might end up doctorwned.
Giants sack!!
rondo with the 3 is once again trending
As well you should!
But I haven't forgotten.
RT : Sometimes I feel like a survivor from a LOST era of Hip Hop warriors..
I can't believe the incomplete pass on the play after the fake field goal.
You can't over throw in the situation.
Great to see you at dinner the other night man.
Always appreciate the great work you do!
A year ago today iSam's Mom aired.
It's been only 12 episodes since then.
I was looking forward to slurpees with the sister.
Oh well
For those who havent heard we broke up!
check out our new projects.
Meier is in Regret Night, Dom is in Before Were done and david is a DJ!
Awesome.
What are you sipping?
show was dizzying and i didn't get to see all of it closely.
i'm definitely going back for a second look.
Total couch potato day, spent watching Veronica Mars ...
thank you netflix streaming boobtube.
Just got Peep installed on my phone, am I able to tweet?
Happy Birthday to my girl 3
RT : We struggle to find answers when we search outside ourselves.
Sex Scenes with Parents  Forever Awkward
Letty loves Sleep
Dear Phone, PLEASE WORK AGAIN !!!!
BC I NEED YOU !
tht and i wanna order pizza
CiscoLive Local Edition in Jackson MS.
Looking forward to new datacenter info.
Fact: if you went to hs in oak park you are at most 3 degrees from every person current  past in oak park.
sorry and Nate said he want to kick your booty 
Babbbbbyyyyy I want to
Thanks ladies!
I figured as much.
Trying to encourage school to develop district wide policy
On the main page, click the link for the Saturday Sports show, scroll down to the archive list, click.
;
Watching DWTS, eating my salad...spicey thai so yummy!
I'm looking for a good way to listen to the radio online.
I need some talk radio or something besides pandora...
what do y'all use?
Follow back?:
55 Off Margaritas at Casa De Lara in Madison.
www.dealoria.com
Thanks for the reply, but being we were only 5 naked vampires, I thought we could get IMDB credits...Anything helps.
Thanks for the mention, David!
thanks so much Ted!
Would love to meet you afterwards  stop by our office next to the bookcase
My Girl Literally NEVER Answers The Phone
we need to rectify immeds.
Also, did you watch the doctorg race tonight?
What did willam do to get kicked off?!
learning the language and working on art stuff
I thank God everyday that I'm an Atheist.
QuoteDay 3.
If i was your boyfriend i'll never let you go i can take you places you aint never been before.e
Thank you!
CarlyCaley this girls is JUST AMAZING,I 3 You!
Put it on her shoulder so she can put it on her mind later on...
These situations allow us to identify the phonies.
Just like those who were 'surprised' MLB players did 'roids.
Ya gotta believe in somethin'.....
RT : Create your FREE Basic Membership to StartingUp Now Skillcenter to connect, share, and market your business ideas.
Go...
Agreed!
RT : BigOmaha, after ur done partying, hit up for some delicious street food!
12th  Jackson until 2:30 am.
DarkoIvancevic Thanks for the follow.
Next time you're surfing, stop by our place.
After waiting over an hour for our pickup order, we got a refund and are going next door to yum!
will i be seeing you all in a couple weeks for toyotawomen too?
I hope so!
well i cant argue with ya there big guy.
Having a great time with Gwen, Bob,  Erica!
Shout out to Tracy!!
Woo!
Choosing to lead in extraordinary times: Robin Muldor, Free Library of Philadelphia, Kensington Branch is doing amazing work!
Does anyone else get that out of body effect when writing?
Seeing a spike in Fukushima, Extension Level Event  No 4 reactor in my social feeds.
Is this alarmism or do we have our heads in the sand?
time to rap!
:
watching cartoons with my daughter on a saturday morning...
Yes I have someone here in Jax like that but it is minimal
Ann, don't you know conferences are a chance to get away from your day job ; And yes, confab12 was great.
cc
I have 2 big events Monday in NYCone on reporting the war at Powerhouse Arena and one on peaceful aging at the Shambhala Ctr.
DM for info
I can never listen to Adele without thinking about
Of the 39 U.S.
Supreme Court 20112012 law clerks, 13 are Harvard Law graduates, the most of any law school this term.
What a shame that the auto place is right next to the mall ;
I'm sure I would be surprised.
Hasn't Ron Paul run for presidency several times now?...I think Obama has it again
c'ant wait to see federer today.
My champ
The Critic Surveys are consistently making my week.
Moderation in all things...except Pizza!!!
Someday you'll regret losing me.
Think it's overrated.
Uncle larry was talkin so fuckin much today 
aw dang
Just in time...last day of Dine Around...enjoy!
If he did me, I do it.
Love makes you stupid.
/3
Sitting in garage smoking  eating candy from some past holiday  I am frozen
Well, when you're like 7'5 it's hard to stay low:
Festival of Trees at The Paramount starts Nov.
27 at 9:30 with Childoctorn's Magical Toy Story Christmas.
Tickets 5 at the box ofc.
interested in an internship ?
Windows are open and for the cats this is the MOST EXCITING DAY.
Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen  make strong.
Norman Vincent Peale
doctorg night went off nicely!
congrats and thank you to all my queens that came through!
We're gonna do this every Thurs
i love aubree she is so cute
I love you too my angel!
Are you joining us for the ha!
party tomorrow?
RT I owe it to myself to CHOOSE to be happy and surround myself with happy ppl.
you are so sweeettt
Ha nigga ain't never finna be popped off!
If someone in your group of friends is nicknamed Old School then you are a douche
my friend used to have one and theyre ugly and weird lol
In Temecula today working with another school.
We're happy to work with any and all schools and counselors  contact us.
: let me guess...it's lunch time!!??
hahaha Yes:P  My Is About To Die 14
Interesting.
But, according to MasterCard?
I'm already skeptical.
It's true.
I've suffered in silence too.
RT Girls is actually really fucking good.
Feel free to confiscate my black card.
thanks for the follow 3 I followed ya back!
El Barco on Ashland.
Seafood  Mexican but tons of grilled vegetables available.
Low key.
you two have something in common...!
Bored af!
Nobody to talk to.
Please don't worry ab me, I'm fine .
Haha maybe the CTA conductor follows you and will start the train as soon as they see your tweet...
has a very special guest Shaquille O'Neil in the building!!!
in Paris Las Vegas
Make that trade every day if you're getting Vick!!!
Bruins top 6 you are breaking my heart right now
I followed her please tell them :
it only took RR 171 games to figure out Corey Hart sucks...
Great lineup for a solid chance at
life...its nt the count of how many bitches  nighas yu slept with but the count of the ones who actully had a impact on yur life..js
certainly the simple things in life
don't be like and doctornk too many amstels before the show starts...
Information or data?
FourWordsYouDontWantToHear Barack Obama for President
i love but i dont wanna hurt the other feelings
I don't need you.
I just want you.
Eating Tacitos.Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
ehhh ...
You know I just smelled his presence
RT Did Santiago send you?
Are you one of Santiago's people?
My weekend starts today
Yes I have done that but not recently.
Good Morning!!!
I missed my boo :
we love you justin:
you text me loser face :p
Look, a puddle.
not here.
It's beautiful
At Seven, we go to church twice a week: Wednesdays at 7  Saturdays at 6 Do whatever you have to do to get there!
Thanks for the third book!
You're amazing.
My daughter is thrilled with the series.
lol, there was plenty of room!
My friend has a decent size basement for entertaining.
I fell asleep on the couch around 3
I'm getting sleepy shower needed I'm sleep so good til he come kissing on me
lmao yeah i heard!
I'm jealous aha
Sorry For No tweets.
Been Busy.
thanks for sharing great news about yoga!
have you read the new Palahniuk novel, by chance?
: LakersFans Must suck to be yall right now.
lol sucks to suck
btw, where ARE the questions coming from?
cld u plz share w/ me?
Help Trend  Verify ; By Saying ; Verify PSanders !!
Yes.
You just have to activate it.
But why?
New Treatments For Arthritis  WTVQ
Good post!
Enjoyed reading it!
:
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing Momma!
Love you, !
I appreciate you!
it's the latest gen and maxed out.
The best laptop I've ever used.
Good afternoon  hope you're doing well today!
thanks for the listing!
seemed the least i could do for putting your faith in us!
i hope we don't let you down  let me know what you think!
beautiful and sunny but busy day out workin at the nursery gr8t turnout, more awesome I actually got a sunburn, great pain better than rain!
Jonny Craig's voice is smooth.
Thanks, it's all yours!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 48
I LOVE U 3
wats up homie.
Trying to make some connections ur area.
Lets work
Dude, what happended?!
You LOVE Justin Bieber!
You took your your girlfriend to see the movie!
Happy Monday!
We'll be in the designdistrict today 26pm.
Look for us around NE 39st and  Ave...
Watching my Madz today, getting ready  then seeing miss
My hearts falling for you but my minds telling me don't do it you might get heart broken again.
Instead of 'famous', my japanese teacher says 'famurrs'.
AWH
Share the pics of you rockin out to VP!
We wanna see!
A few GNU tools, a handful of Ruby code, some imagination, and poof!
a tool to map links on a web site.
it doesn't hurt.
: I had mine done last year but I took it out for reasons :p
I want to be international singer like my beloved but I want to go to America, she is my idol to follow : : :
Thank you so much..
i retweeted..
MY bad, these 140 characters lol....and maybe the wine lol...
I hope we get a good turn out tomorrow  TryOuts.
We'll be having my bday party there.
OMG IT'S HOT!
:::wipes sweat..grabs a coke..sits in front of turbo blaster...clicks on WWW.RADIOMEMPHIS.COM::: AH!!
COME ROCK W/ ME!!!
Good morning I was greeted by one of your Luv Embassadors at Midway blowing bubbles!
She floated away b4 I could snap a pic.
Oh no!
I'll have to see if I can fix that.
It'll probably be too warm now for her to wear it.
But maybe a teddy bear can...
I just came to say HELLO .
RT : : RT : after it premiered on 106park will it go on straight after?
: so excited that you're a Seahawk!!!!!!
Love you!
Being nosey only pushes me more away..
Back to Work
Serena Williams.
she aight stop sweating her.
Full house :
Can you tell what is going on or is it too difficult to say?
Today's workshop.
Ttweetout: Our biggest challenge is raising funds for the free resources we provide!
Sex Scandals Are Good For Business!
Herman Cain Raised A Whole Lot Of Cash Yesterday via
Create a shared repository for sharing documentation of policies and processes
72 holes of golf in 2 days....
Makes for a sore day!
Dillard looks very erratic
: Thanking God for giving me the opportunity to live one more day.
praise the Lord 
HUG2010 generated ideas, new relationships, and renewed marketing vigor for HubSpot customers and those following from afar
Bored with the commercials already.
Be patient when completing each task.
Completing goals takes time, but it's worth it when you get there!
www.IamINC.biz
Ice Hotels are awesome.
I think they're great bc they take a negative  long, cold winter and turn it into a positive/tourism
Thank You Kathryn for your kind words.
Always Think BIG!
Cannot get out of bed so I guess i will just have to watch The Lion King for the night...
Go get one then!
Haha
The more you say, the less people remember.
Francois Fenelon Nuff said.
Have a great week end
Wow boot to the head.
Cruz hope you're alright...
C'mon that would be so unlike Lovie Smith.
RT : All the Hester talk from Bears camp this offseason reeks of smoke and mirrors.
Gram comes home from the hospital today!
Here's to hoping that she stays well thru the next chemo and surgery!
very likely RT : Great column.
Take away?
Restricted tag should inhibit but eliminate movement.
Explanation: Collusion
the bird or the hockey fans?
I love and miss so much!: please come back i need one last hug from you!:
Home sweet home
Congratulations to Judy Ramey retiring this year!
To this day, I refer to first principles I learned in her courses and LUTE.
Peyton is making new music.
new videos and possible an ALBUM !?
ahh i absolutely cannot wait21
possibly Rick Dudley related?
soccer practice tomorrow at 9 in the morning.
..
great.
When girls are in love they come up with every excuse to cover up what they bf do....smh
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :
Close to the last boss!!
The cats love the little bridge that goes over the fish pond.
Gives them a better view.
my laptop sucks and won't load the page.
:
Feeling thirsty?
Wet yer whistle at Fire tonight with 2for1's til 7:00 and 1 off all taps....YOU win Mke!
Mario Williams..
and the Bears?
Say it aint so...
So proud of my sister
Sub51 tonight message ChiIL Productions for tables or comp bottles for ladies.
It doesn't have to feel like Friday to be FRIDAY!
xbox or ps3?
'Bouta doctorve a BIG ass car home  PrayingWeAllDontDie ...
I just wanna love u baby
What a beautiful mess this is.
Well its like taking a guess when the only answer is yes
I eat there enough...
can probably branch out a little :
Reviewing volunteer work on the PealeBCLM photo print inventory list.
A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
Got my new youtube channel!
Check it out JilianEMcLendon
and befriend commas.
Treat me like a queen and I'll treat you like a king.
Treat me like a game an ill show you how it's played.
Don't let that guy get to you,WHEN your show gets picked up,you'll have the last laugh!
Michael Crichton Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
you here ?
Happy padoctors game!
and how do you feel?
...
Were all gonna get laid!!
Did a lot at the gym tonight.
I feel refreshed;
Celebrating accomplishments of local volunteers who have contributed to 20 years of Volunteer Fairfax  at Service Awards breakfast.
dude, you're Alec Baldwin!
oh ok ok ok i feel you....u cant just scare them like that at first...especially cuz u like the only black person lol
Austin has a dog and two cats.
RT if you've ever seen them on Ustream!
how are you?:
Working on some stuff related to Hale Boggs today, and getting a crash course around J.
Edgar Hoover, Civil Rights Act, 1968 convention, etc
So can someone explain what the big deal is about a dude dunking in a women's basketball game?
that  I'm a year older, so more freedoms !
: haha :p what time is where you are?
TEENS!
TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
LAST TEEN NIGHT OF THE SUMMER!
OVER 1000 TEENS!!
thatdepressingmomentwhen goes on a RTing spree and you still go unnoticed .
ahahah oneday :D
I Anit Been Tweetin Like I Do.
Fuck yeah just said hi to Lee Ranaldo.
How do you feel about NATO?
thanks Eileen!
:
Maybe she's finally going to concede?
:plz that means please?
: Guys think they can live the single life til There 40!
It's going to get old.
Trust me.
pimpin since been pimpin
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
Done looking at conference minutes for my research!
Haha omg me marlene and though x
I cant sleep....
Way to support you home country haha jk
I'm getting to pandora now .
I left my wallet home and had to go back like a retard
But They Said Junior Year that's when we mostly gone be signing up for colleges .
should be Kellen Moore if he's still available.

watching HopeFloats.
Love this movie.
One of my faves.
Child actress/model looking for open casting calls
Late night Phillies game, Flyers not til Wednesday!
Guess I'll catch up on the DVR for a few hours.
What firstComs or doctorms?
I left 2 balls up.
If not having 2 balls doctorp means you can't handle your shit then never gonna get blazed.
RT It's a marvelous day to celebrate the riches of Gods grace...enjoy the moment...He paid for it with His life!
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you!
:
lol go to jamba juice or the dollar store and find yourself a hottie!
Improvised no matches or candles for my friend's son's Bday cake.
Step up: Iphone zip lighter match on my iphone.
Kids loved it!
There's a zombie outbreak in my neighborhood tonight.
I've already killed like 5 of them.
I heart YOUR guts!
: but seriously, I was fuming this am.
It's why I avoid watching the news.
The average person checks their phone 150 times a day or every 6.5 minutes.
I always excel vs.
others.
So back off!
:
Thought you would've asked me out by now...
it is a beautiful house.
Amazing
we love folk alliance memories!
u a good person tho for helping them out..
A daring escape...?
New page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
frenchy.
Francoeur.
He is European correct?
If ur in the Philadelphia area, and have a great videogame addiction story, let me know!
Starting production on a show for u
Shouldn't it be called a hairScut not a haircut?
Unless you really are just getting 1 hair cut...
RT : Loved ref w/ a kid who said he didn't like reading...now walked out with 3 books.
libraries ftw!
// We r all in sales.
To all our friends and family, have a Blessed and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Gians vs.
Eagles, returns.
This should be an epic Sunday.
AND I HATE LIBRARIES...
There I am done...
Calm now!
I am so ready to throw down...Its been a long three years...
thanks.
keep listening
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
RT : Vision without execution is delusion.
Thomas Edison
OMG, I didn't even know today was March the 18th/19th.
lol.
I thought it was like the 15th.
LOLOL.
I'm such an idiot.
.
Hot cheese up front
cute Jake
Rush has a Facebook page called Rush Babes for America I FEEL CHEATED!
Where is your Facebook page Dana Hunks for America?
Yes I do!
office descends into loud conversation after mass realization that we've all seen people come up from zynga, use our bathroom and not flush
GET TAN TODAY!
Specials TODAY ONLY ALL UV and Mystic Instant Tans 10 each!
Various BOTTLES of LOTION up to 75 OFF!
MEMBERSHIPS on SALE!
Watching a live demo of sidevibe via gotomeeting with jkuglin Scott Fearnley, and doctorw Murphy.
Amazing!
SignsYouLostAFight You get asked if your going to press charges
RT : Lucas oil stadium lookin good
Any chance there is discount for clubs to buy multiple copies for an event???
Hunger games for the second time, loved it even more ah
Get to shouting.
It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game..
I'm still mad that the Facebook app doesn't have that page where you can put people's professorles.
Now it's so hard to creep on
weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!
Dear Migraine god  please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach.
Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
Damn i got a headache from dancing like a psycho today.
Dear , I really really really want to get Boyfriend right now and listen to it/3 STOP TEASING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!:
I think you know but you should ask someone soon if you wait to long everyone will have a date
I'm sorry to hear that, best wishes to you all
I've never missed anyone so much in my whole life 3
No I love getting home at midnight from work and then have to be back at 9
Tootsie bandit pleads not guilty
The Cali Roll love is the Cali native in me!
My first roll was a California Roll in Japantown when I was 5.
Telling is not selling.
Real selling is persuasion.
Asking questions that lead your client to his own conclusion under your influence is it
Cash is KING!
haha looks like a bunch of us were watching the SMCSac account when you tweeted us about June 1.
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us .
3
Anytime Dave, I'd bet she'd like your style.
While I'm at it, meet , whose moxie is totes postbin Laden.
Toure is an absolute idiot.Watched the interview.He's a smarmy self promoter using Trayvon to elevate his own professorle.
Stick to bee keeping.
that's akin to saying the US rejected something based on how California voted...
Have to be up in 3 hours 
all black childoctorn look alike to u, don't they?
aw miss you too!msg me ur addoctorss so i can send u my babyshower/bday invitation!
my bday is this sat but the party isnt till nov.
no, you are!
XandOMyKitty okay.
Ill let you know what's good.
Hopefully I start this job this week lol.
Dude, how hurt are you?
We need u in there.
Is Ozzie nuts or u really this much consistent time off?
I say swap with Gaby.
it's why I'm at Walmart now!
First Hi.
First Chat.
First Date.
First Kiss.
First Fight.
First Breakup.
First Heartbreak
Bike.
The antidote to my day.
I lived in Fl for a few years.
The littlest Ladybug is a rabid Gator fan!
Check out my newest novel titled, We, the Enslaved, published by PublishAmerica.
Get a copy today for only 29.99.
A must read!
LAZER FRENZY won 1st place for best new product at the 2009 International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions show in Las Vegas!
I can't believe I'm missing the season premiere!
Damn you, AMC
Q10.
Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Wow wtf.
Alexis
CayLeigh waited months to get her replacement Leapster 2 And now has had it a cool 12 hrs and ruined it.
WTF?!
I'm glad Twitter's back up in time for us to woot woot the TD!
why can't I text you??
:
Yes sir it was the last one for the year and mandatory.
That's good that a lot of people showed up, who took pictures?
Charles  Kenny are the most annoying bastards.
Awesome talk w/ van doctorver re: Branson, MO.
Scope a better future.
The participation of the conscious ensure that it happens.
Retail sucks sometimes....
Ok retail sucks all the time
He think he balllllinnn
what time?!?
Comfortfood : Lunch Special: Homemade Meatloaf, Mashed Potatoes  Side Salad, comes w/ any doctorft for 10
Aye ShShawty What's Your Name?
What's Your Number?
ok call me tonight maam
yes...back to normal :
After the premiere of iDate Sam  Freddie, an all new Victorious episode will air!
It all starts Saturday  8PM EST.
EVERYONE!!!!!!
GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!!
THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
If I'm a Liverpool fan I'm actually furious this team didn't show up in the 1st half on Saturday.
GREAT.
Olbermann Where he shines!
A smart voice!
TY
On a serious note...shut the hell up
New York is heavy when it rains....yep...heavy.
oh certainly not...say my name and everythang....lol
Fuck a wine set nigga fuck a mind set
Meeting adjourned!
so soothing!
he got a ring a ring though
all I ask is for is to see your name on my followers list.
Make it happen?
Please?
Ha I love you Austin :
M rain.
your getting old brotha
Do we need to keep referring togay rights?
Let's just call it what its  human rights.
these lyrics are pretty overt metaphors.
i'm thinking change in marital status.
anyone else?
Haven't ate all day
I guess because it was directed by a British director and filmed in London
The Green Room.
but nothin, watching my Cubs
Please follow me u r an inspiration and an amazing singer!
Now everyone go follow Alyssa NOW!
great!
Enjoyed hearing your insights at the last
ZOMG TV equals mega doctormz!
And I'm just watching a cooking show
If you're Melvin, do you kick the tires on Derek Lee or Bobby Abreu?
Missing the game smh
niggaz dont know about that crown fried....some real up north shit!
chicken man
Oh it's not targeted: it's just part of the ongoing general cyberwar: China  the Arab world the continuing attackers.
We agree!
Thanks for the mention!
Lol haha I'm lady gasga
Thanks for the link!
And for the record, I totally love my senior citizen mother.
Even though she's an Obama voter.
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since midDecember till midApril
Thanks for the follows everyone!!!
I think social media is everyone's electronic biography, right?
:
you look like your a little tired in your picture,are you getting any rest.
But all guys I have met, are douche bags.
I think I am!
The horror...
lol
yea baby
Is there LINK to the Lobbying for Architecture infographic?
I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
but their sparkling vinegar is excellent
For our NY followers RT : The Shakespeare Forum's Hamlet auditions are 2/2 and 2/4.
Please email
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the follow button?
No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling..
so sad!
Gotta be up at 7am!!
: Time for sleep!
I am quoting the good doctor Sealand You are too strong to be defeated my mantra today.
What is the best reality tv show of 2011???
comment
Exiled Books
Sleep is such a waste of time.
Too bad it's biologically required.
I could take over the world if I never had to sleep.
Its friday an it ant shit to do
: The call just came in from Stern.watch out, u may have 15k taken out of your pocket
thats the Cubs mantra!...
the pizza  beer is permanent..especially deep dish!
asks what if students reflected on learning experiences in a way that is adaptive, integrative, and social?
saw that  I smiled How nice to be at church ahead of time for services  and i figured Joe was washing dishes!

which country are you in?
i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent!
:
You told Victor!!!!
LOL 
I freaking love high school musical
Omg this is so hillbilly
I am very aware of the situation with the Coliseum and the Islanders.
I try to answer as many of you as possible whenever possible
My vote goes to those who uphold the constitution  protects free speech.
SOPA and PIPA are not constitutional.
ha ha...good pick up mate.
Yeah they probably do!!!
good win by the girl.
Who wins Nadal V Djoko?
I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
Great game Maryville!
Great game!
IDK if you mean  AMIA  is full of hot air : Good ideas too, but a lot of ranting.
It's the most interesting listserv I've seen, anyway!
The link is up for the last game of tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and enjoy tonights game and every game in the future !!!
what you up to?
no more excuses now  time to get in shape!
Fantastic article!
Gave me some ideas for THATCampOSU sessions.
Thanks!
I already know Fam!!!
Just wanted to add my thx to the cwcon hosts for not only the great conference but also their support of the collaborvention and
I LOVE it!
Good for you!
It can be addictive.
Thanks again for shopping with us this weekend!
College bathroom graffiti is just a whole other level of play.
Highschoolers, get ready to step your game up.
These are the big leagues.
oh that's right you live way out over there.
We are where banners are born.
Both of my bosses are potentially out all week...
Party time at PsychicCenter.
Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?!
I'll DM you the email.
This above all: to thine own self be true.
William Shakespeare
Feather from the sky tickles.
A young avocado roots within vast desert sea.
Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
definitely fits you good
I have never watched it!
Moved the computer into the living room and now it feels like a check in desk for a brothel.
www.chicagodjnetwork.com Chicago DJ Network is playing my music.
HEY i AM ON LIVE JASMIN AT 12 AM...
SEARCH PERFORMER LAILAONLINE I'LL BE THERE
Oh okay!
You had me worried for a second
There are only two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle
Let's win this in OT
YergerTech's will do social media for your company  discounted rate Email distribution included.
Save 100!
Offer ends Christmas!
Hurry!
you and rocked it.
Nice work.
not so bad ;
There was a whole lot of ew in last night's episode.
so were you stay at
remember less than two months ago when we were complaining about how it was too hot for running on 10.10.10?
ahh.
good times.
I'm the man, yeah I said it.
Bxtch I'm the man don't you forget it.
I hope that means you n doctorzzy are finally puttin out a song haha
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
Man this world is just about all the way screwed up til its scares me to watch the news.
Im not lying
Just here Listening to Music  you ?:
: We can go to the same meetings.
I, also, have been outcast because of my inability to love the Pixies.
W/ darth mask?
CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n Austin area offering wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
Mad Graffiti Week Iran
RT Just found out I'll be interviewing star John Shurna on tonight!
Great little evening with two sweet girls.
Thanks for the healthy, delish dinner.
Share with your followers...
its your support that matters!!
no hurry : have a great weekend!
woooahhooo the sweetest thing
you fancy, huh?
;
Aloha right back to you!
Have a great weekend.
;
HGMS basketball game :
: Ok!
Atlanta get together, soon!
lol aww school can be a doctorg but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true.
Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
A brand for me, what is my unique value proposition?
This fool said rabbits lay eggs!!!
Bahahaha .
What school u went to?!?
Lol every kid cusses around there friends no kid cusses around there parents
: Pop is the sound of a song exploding.
Alas noLibrary of Congress has microfilm copy of Shaw papers
corruption, human rights violations, compulsory military doctorft, compulsory orthdoxy, disgusting climate....nothing's changed.
Good morning.
hi!
Lol yep I'm good like that
ur so welcome n thank u
LOOOOL THAT WAS SO WEIRD
ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
It's been an incredibly productive week for us, how about you?
Did you challenge yourself?
: I'm giving up for Lent.
does this mean you're wearing sweat pants in public?
Haha.
Tomorrow you can be the judge on whether or not it's misplaced trust.
:
Fug that shiiiiiit, I'm watching beach volleyball
THANKS MY DUDE !!
tsk tsk god its late but idc its complicated......u all wouldnt understand...........:'
really?
i think id become a nun
I LOVE YOU MORE!
Deff need to hang out soon :
RT : Wymondham High School students win national film award at the BFI in London: Footage from Death's Apprentice, pr......
Wait, can you forward the memo?
Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
Body Aching And Shit !
Yeah, I see it.
Mango, Strawberries, Kale, almond milkyum.
The Maca root takes a bit of the yum away but it's good for me, right?
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me : If something's funny but awkward : lawk
Bout to be on the westbank...
Didn't know you were in Nashville.
Tell Billy that Big Ed says howdy.
He a good guy that Billy.
Didnt think it was normal for street lights to be on during the day.
You Bomb Like Atomic 3
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow.
BS goal.
you didn't enjoy the tropics of Wohink?
Bring the lady down to LA this summer and we will hit up Catalina
Just got kicked off northwest mutual grounds via loudspeaker for taking pics.
If your going to kick someone off at least show your face!
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
I am assured of my purpose when I look in the mirror and not only see my dark skin,but the dark skin of countless generations before
Not liking this fucking rain
with who?
Are you looking for mostly fashiony stuff or does kitcheny stuff count too?
So many good kitchen Goodwill finds!
And a shredder.
Good morning good tweeples
i haven't seen 11.10, but i hope it's not worse than 11.04.
had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
i don't think my doggy feels good :
I'm real scared to wash my car.
There might suddenly be rain showers in the forecast .......
Rain!
Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11.
Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
RT: : I used birthcontrol while deployed with my husband so I wouldn't get pregnant  sent home.
iamnotaslut
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened.
If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
Andy Rooney
Mac won't turn on properly ever.
It wouldn't turn on at all today after OS X update.
8am Apple Store slot, I'm on my way :
Thanks!
And likewise to you and ours.
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
Tonight seems like a great time to try another new menu item at Beta: Confit Rabbit and Wild Mushroom Bread Pudding.
Bon Appetit!
i'll be there :
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
Big Daddy is my movie tho
.I could sleep on the floor in my work clothes.
Every year it gets worse:.
Maggie Kane I USED to feel that way too
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
My man's out of town  what do I want to do?
Watch baseball.
Bring on the Boomstick!
Who is gonna win tonight?
Rangers or Yanks
Appreciate it, man!
LOL  If only that were true!
Major upgrade of the Banshee Scream going on.
Getting ready for DH in Vermont.
Will post pictures on Facebook next week.
What happens when the gods get to actin like the broads
do you like sports?
beer?
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
Thanks Megan for following.
I'll be sure to keep you posted.
I wish you the best.
Yes!
It has been months.
MONTHS.
the term today is applicable to a very small per centage of fathers.
Most want to help but are forced out by enforcement!BOOK!
It's all fun and games until Outlook reminds me about a meeting that you meant to cancel.
Thank you, !!
Ready to get you some new fans.
How can there be Chicagoans not already be in love w/ you?
Somehow that is awesome.
I stay rolling up trees..
What's your favorite song?
Share with all of our shastician friends!
: wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
oh wow what was the stunt?
Truly live and you will find love!
Learn to love and life abounds!
DM
Romney calls President Obama divisive.
Once again, the pot calling the kettle Kenyan.
Another example of I didn't leave the Rep.
Party, it left me.
Lack of focus on financial issues and just plain dumb social stands.
email us at
Great Idea!
MT CT2011 CreativityCollab Idea Anyone building match.com web db of university research to empower connections?
nobody i want to talk to is texting me back.
Where is everybody!?
D:
Just got in trouble by the church for having to much fun :/ come on just live a little!
I feel balanced!
My man pierced me again!
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack.
We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
Most Americans use between 100175 gallons of water a day.
How many gallons of water a day do you think the average Haitian uses?
thanks baby.
How have YOU been?
Come visit me
that's sucks so bad, you better come in and see me still!
Good morning!
Woah alright.
That part was disturbing, I won't lie.
I was creeped out by that.
My favorite in the 2nd one is when he puts..
Good stuff.
Get inspired!
How about Miami?
I have an extra 'fins' jersey just waiting for you...
oh wow!
Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?!
There goes keeping the kids focused!
;
I miss you to!
Of course!
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
AnchorBias : I just missed, because the top 10 wasn't a Top 40
RT : the date is wrong  May 18th!
CHICAGO Sorry!
Fixed!
Phil is an idiot.
Just fire him.
Thanks, Kate!
I'm always happy to take requests, too.
The newer and/or weirder, the better.
im just got terrible news...my grandma is sick...i hope she'll be fine :
Kurt Vonnegut Like so many Americans she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
installed and at the same time.
isn't that the truth!
So glad the lockout is over.
Now to get all the Colts merchandise in order
Even the most biased NY fan has to admit that 14 threes and 66.7 in one half is a fluke.
Dont ask me a question like that and not reply when I answer.
Need to escape to a quiet place in Chinatown away from the Caps madness?
We're ready for you!
Just blocks away from the metro, 5th  Mass
Faith begins where man's power ends...
Something is not right with me!
...how was I supposed to know?
Something is not right with me!
...tryin' not to let it show!
Y do fat bitches wear clothes even skinny girls shouldn't wear??
Half cut shirts and shid???
Enjoying my day off at the beach relaxing.
Check out some of our Twit pics for our shirts.
They were great!
We rock.
RT : GREAT DAY!
30 pets sleeping in their new homes for the first time 2nite!
10 more packing bags to go home tomorrow!
yessir!
Gonna do it next year!
Checked out NFL's Evolution page.
adidas cleats feat as 1st turf shoes; Nike shown in new cleats category.
thank you 3
A professorssor of mine keeps using the term overexploitation and its making me rage
He's always been cautious.
Too cautious perhaps.
He wants to win reelection and the waters are somewhat uncharted.
Look at NC.
RT this if you love your mother
sorry to anybody affected by the phishing link i seem to have clicked on!
it was a very convincing one.
Good morning twitter world
PAD tv see ew
thanks for having us last night.
so glad i tried the lettuce wraps!
it should count as one of their items though...
hopefully it's quickly put in overhead bin.
Bon voyage and bon chance!
cc/
We have six left.
I think I just need to stop eating the cupcakes now.
shrmva hr.
Happy to see all the Virginia chapters represented at our state leadership conference.
LOL.
I'm sure it s true.
Be tremendous.
Hey guys!, we updated our shows on our Facebook come see us!
And is coming up soon!
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;
And Adele wins album of the year!!!
: Yay!!!
oh no!!!
Where are you?
Thats good to hear...
sucks you aren't feeling good hope you feel better
Wally Boston now speaking in
Been studying for the past 3 hours.
Thank goodness the girl called me at 9pm last night to tell me she could NOT work for me this morning!
app was called Everday.
Just checked out their menu ...
looks awesome!!!
I will def have to try!
I am not complaining though...
I love it!!
:
Rondo is a Beast
Getting off work and it's light outside!
I love it!
COME SEE ME PERFORM AT T.I.
FAREWELL TOUR THIS SATURDAY!!
Happy Friday!
Shoutout to
SaySomething makes me wanna doctorp everything im doing and dance3 PERFECTION 6
Chapter 8 Of My BLS Is Up : Tweet Me What You Think 3
You will shine like a star if you live with integrity, humility and purity.
where's shake shack?
WEDS NITE  THE SMILING MOOSE  5 LABATT PITCHERS During THE PENS GAME!
ROCK STAR KARAOKE POST GAME!
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!!
the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
I Just Like To doctornk And Have Fun.
Blah
About to watch One Day.
ndsa Jack Brighton from WILL says content and metadata are the yin and yang of digital media
TwSIG Junco Researchers measured student engagement and higher in the experimental twitter group and engagement increased.
Active learnin
Me, too!
I was seriously just thinking about those huge bows a few days ago.
I miss them.
I'll bet someone has them on etsy.
awesome, I am so glad you like the books.
they r pretty cool.
: thnk u for looking!
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
why is it that you always seem to notice everyone BUT me?
With over 300 events planned for Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, it's now expected to bring ONE MILLION dollars to the local economy.
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie.
I love Sandoctor Bullock 3
Yep.
Total.
But I'm kind of okay with it....LOL.
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
this movie is so fabulous
John madden retired?
All right.
Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
Yes,my man still can't get over the fact that Hilary lost.
I just don't understand people these days.
Smh
I'd even take Letterman at this point.
The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
why do my legs look so short?
Mississippi  GOP governance result: High poverty rate, horrible health care, horrible public education, low wages...
RT : Looking forward to AskArchivists Day on June 9ask us about digital preservation  personal archiving!
Use
I'm up late tonight!
Partyin'....
w/ my dog.
Beach day!
Heading up to Fisher for endofday hors d'ouevres to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
u should oovoo me
I also think the bookcentric focus shows how every panelist has both a DH work  a trad.
book linkage  crossover feel
RT : The greatest impurity is ignorance.Free yourself from it.Be pure.
Buddha
cause I was showing you how it could be worse:
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any eventTwitter CEO Dick Costolo at
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com...
Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
I say, Yay!
too, Janet!
Looking forward to hosting Bryan on his The Skeleton Box tour.
Fridays are always slow I could use some entertainment ha
: I learn enough by watching you play!
Where do you jink my skills came from?
I'm making copies of this
happy weekend!
Love u too mommy !!
3
Can't say I've noticed the famous Scouse wit and friendliness.
The Kings are making the Blues their Queens.
I'll be here all night.
Actually, I'm going to bed.
3 sets of 30 reps of 170lbs on a crunch machine.
Gettin late here in LA.
Going to call it a night.
See you guys in the morning!
Holy motherf'n crapFinal Destination 5 rocked my socks.
Go!
See!
NOW!
You're lucky I haven't been to your site in a few months.
I don't review sites I see on a regular basis.
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday.
Like, twinsies style.
Hm.
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations....
2721003
Crowd looks pretty good tonight...perhaps fireworks night every home game??
Brewing the darkroast it smells so good...
you at the crib?
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
go to sleep
Study for learning and understanding.
Absolutely, the word, exam is taken out of the directive  process is 
Huge crowd for our March Lunch N Learn  This month's topic is on Search Engine Optimization
Hanging the wall text  the wetland arrives from Biohabitats!
Final prep here  218 w Saratoga for H2OMG reception this fri 69 pm!!
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
I feel guilty Urgh 
We were born to be happy, not to be perfect 3
siri stop acting like pierre mcguire
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
Was sad we finished Flash Forward.
Why the hell did a show this good get cancelled.
I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
Awesome!
RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
but it takes a day to get there lol
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into day jobs anymore.
I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards!
It's going to be funn :D
I just want real love.
Zyplen...
Yeah I didnt name it..
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
uCantBeToughAndSay that your ok when deep down your screaming for help!:/
For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways.
Kickoff time doesn't matter.
Would be same w/ ESPN
Thank you
is a New Star On The Horizon.
PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request Sample and Info.
Your habits determine your future.
Jack Canfield
Threaten one of my teachers !
RT : Can't sleep
This has been a great March Madness minus my gambling...
What I would give to be in Toronto or Gatineau right now!
yes Pirates start this friday .
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
Can the angels not swing a bat ?
Everyone just bunts
RT : A codebuilt house is the worst house allowed by law.
Does that mean the people who live in it getting a raw deal?
yes!
EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
: hahahahahahahah is that ??
look at danni ratting ppl out
Check You DM!
PLEASE!!
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia  it is a must visit!
Slovenia's coast is fab, too.
Love Turkey  it's food
B.I.B.L.E  B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth retweet if you love God !
Remember .
.
.
He saw you read this
is Legendary 
This was last weekends theme song lol noshame RT Why do I like this song by Kirko Bangz?!
Deep down I know this song is NOT good
: I'm black from the waste down.
bigschwanky I believe it family resemblence and all
oh stop it.
Your so cute.
Yes it shall!
Poor slappy will be beside himself.
And I don't blame the Pixar guy.
No way someone that talented can mess that up w/o Disney meddling.
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
whats up bro?!
Hoe are you?!: Grettings from Croatia:
Al I've done this weekend is sleep.
Somebody make me get up and be productive 
Oh my goodness!
I'll definitely be praying for your dad sweetie!
You take your peace by force and trust God w/all of it!
New runner alert.
Thomas Wolf just joined the DNation Milwaukee family!
Welcome Tom!
Thanks WDIY 88.1 FM for broadcasting my recording of Don't Get Around Much Anymore!
Aloha Pennsylvania
I will make sure to pass along to our group ex director!
Great idea!
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates.
Now I get 1 bar  it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
Sleepy time
GE stock is at 6.69...
they should liquidate NBC to raise capital.
OMG !
Shut the front door!
You just gave me new life.
This Godess being on Twitter is just everything.
ROFL 'no option to update Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the startups agility
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!!
No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
House Ed Chair Tom Massey says in excess of two dozen witnesses signed up.
Looking forward to a long weekend
look at me now.
hoe.
look at me now.
fresh than a muthafucker
they were in red!
Jennifer, I agree if we get gold they'd do it at The Grove, which would be AMAZING!
I feel awkward when I listen to Justin Bieber, as I have little heart attacks as I look at Liam Paynes sexy face.
Memphis and Tennessee going to double OT.
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at cloudforce.
Still had a great time, though!
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway!
:
You talk it, we live it, you're jealous, admit it
Lol!
Have I been summonsed?
CocaCola CEO in addoctorss to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government  business.
Hey doctorpin sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night.
What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here...............
Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
Jamie finally got his oneway ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
How are you Anik?
Had my first rumor spread about me inmiddleschool .
see?
this is what I need, I need just a little more business to continue to make 200/day.
You best bet I'd be wearing rubyencrusted boxers
Don't know which direction I'm headin'.
I'm just hoping I happen to cross paths with you.
ohh cool cool !!
im getting a new one on saturday!
there is a ListeningTour going on right now in TN
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
Right on!
callcenterguy is confused.
Really confused.
But I think it's resolved.
DOH!
Pinterest's fast success should be a shot in the arm for every creative entrepreneur.
It hasn't all been done, yet!
Day of Silence.
Not talking the whole day.
Make it a healthy New Year!
Join suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get free tasty snacks and make extra income!
Would love to have you on my team!
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are and style is the outer reflection of character.
I NEED A CALCULATOR...
lol,
is that a good thing?
Thank you for fucking me over
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:
or subliminally fitting
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively.
Then plan for their tough ?s
who is ready for 2011?
it is going to be a huge year!
I was asleep when you sent this.
Thanks.
left wing.
I played in an allmale league, and I was literally the only girl.
It was so fun!!
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing?
Looking at pageant doctorsses...
EPIC FAIL.
I wish I was asleep still...
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE:
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a 29 cartridge!
MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
RT : can I slap u too?
lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
Life can be tough but maintaining optimistic attitude is a must.
how do you find out?
:O
you almost scared me there for a second
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side.
just referenced IT Crowd in e205 session.
Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
7pm Sunday Night the middle of nowhere Arkansas and West bound I40 is backed up 15 miles for a 7 mile construction zone
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
IBM.
It's kinda old.
I call them Bo's Hot Breakfast.
Solidarity with OWS in Union Square.
stop crying you baby
I love you MORE PAY !
Thanks for the mention!
Hope your day is great!
Mojo Marketing
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time.
Get with it Time Warner
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
I try very hard to stay faithful to my Changmin but...
Swear god damn people these days need a good ass whoopen
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate!
Lol
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it.
Always feels good when it's week of release x
Too badthought I might run into you sometime :
Where The Party At?
Mariners game, pikes peak, starbucks the orignal, space needle, irish pub, airplane, train and bus ride  its the end of day
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
Reinstalling Final Cut on my new hard doctorve.
Finally!
What is wrong with people these days?!
I mean come on!
Grow up and stop acting like a baby!
Be mature!
It's not that hard!
hey i was at the presentation too!
Playa's Club is on Repeat
Im gonna be on a tweeting spree on this car ride
I never get a good night sleep to much the mind o well
what about man bits?
I can't incorporate?
But...
it deserves a tax break too...
:
: Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar?
randomthought I do.
is my favorite weather girl!
// Hi Rebecca.
Thanks for the follow.
Come visit if you're ever in
Some guys know all the right things to say.
Tonight from 57:30 join us for a special Yoga workshop, focusing on partner yoga for labor and delivery.
I've been on a purple kick lately too.
Must be in the air!
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake.
It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
I have a greatLeifer shot from Fenway in today's queue.
He was the best.
This is insane!
I had a doctoram last night that Bobby Brown died!
Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead!
This is so sad!
:'
He was too good for this world.
This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home.
I miss him to death :
damn right!
That makes my day.
Thanks for the support man!
defeatist  Michael levin
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time.
;
The interstate in this weather 
and I thought you were doing it in honor of brown dog day!
naughty boy Matt
Sucks to suck
And of course, I mean Cleaning the slate for septembeard...not cleaning the skate...
What do you find most inspiring in your life?
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
Thank you for the RT!
I only took issue with the Barmes signing.
The rest was to be expected.
It's going to be a busy week!
Ugh.
You can be such a condescending prick.
Mister.
Are you here?
Make yourself known.
Shout out the FreshCoastClassic on twitter.
We want to meet you!!
I've missed you, Jason Stackhouse!
Samsung Electronics reports record professort  Mainichi Daily News
Dear chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders.
But it would be funny to watch.
You know you're a badass when you can make Finland look like a great place to visit!
Touché
A Russian nesting doll situation?!
Oh Schmidt, I love you : 
Be the father of my kids please
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it .
haha .
im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
fat as fuck
Amen.
I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdoctorve deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
i know this made me laugh so hard
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr...
fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
fuckkkkkk being single.
That storm was crazy!
Totally freaked out after watching insidious too!!
what a tune
Shrek is to trippy right now
I'd like that.
3rd  Final Question for the day:Yelena Andoctoryevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov doctorma?
2 gms in Indiana,they have a shot as long as the Miami refs don't travel
Don't worry, be crabby.
Speakers on How To Get Elected
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Your Oface makes me smile.
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
sweet!
I love the Street Views.
You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
playing the piano in the dark 
Thanks for the mention!
How was your experience?
ha sounds about like lex.
Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc.
for cleaning the teeth.
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
can't wait to see the launched site!
10 more chocolates ;
This muthafucka rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
someone should have told me it was going to vacuum seal to my hand
Any songs you handsome fucks wanna see us cover?
hoes dese days.
Nasty, she gave me
The tofu and rice combination is the best.
So says the wife.
Looking forward to fall, OMG...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES?
Visit Justfab.com!
Need a referral link?
Ask and you shall receive!
3
what's up neighbor?
Have a great day!
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professorssor.
After that he was a freelance author.
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year.
Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year.
My heart goes out to the families.
I don't know.
But ion wanna be in the house!
It's too nice out!
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying.
You have my sympathies and my  every time.
even if it was on VHS
Happy Easter!
:0
but your name is blondie?
can't wait to hear what you dig.
Time to watch my Sex and the City
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
Pay this hotel prom tomisterow
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
I think my dog died in his sleep.
Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
I love my lil sis : sister love 
writers Alexandoctor Teague  Noriko Nakada read tonight.
Thaisa Frank  Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
I've had a crush on oomf since like 10th grade.
He's perfect
Instead of Arkham Terror, it's Arkham Monopoly.
ACTIVIA!
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
: Having the greatest time listening to Andoctorw cox make jokes.
Lmfao
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave.
Highly conductive to it, I think.
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish.
2/2
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
What a slow race.
Anticlimactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway.
OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
Chk My Upcoming Shows 
a lot bdays this month
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more.
Peace
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope S.B.S.E.
Just know DATT!!!!!
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems comfortable i call borderline frigid.
and the UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat SJSU 51.
they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Thanks for connecting!
Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays.
Best, Matthew
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
love u too33
Good Morning Phera!!!
;
super cute :
I know how u feel, some ppl  my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
: Lol.
You're welcome sweetie :
I hate the MBTA
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop ,  then quince practice !
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
I love how we used to shop during class..
I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree.
I would be top student!
I miss you
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus  you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Celeb in the house!
and !
any tips on captainring a room using 123catch?
I went to Friends With Benefitsnot the right movie.
It's pretty hard to beat my LED.
guided the sweet purchase.
having fun ladies?
TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
Any other goldoctorsh fans been watching duckdynasty.
Hilarious
Best quote of TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, astronauts just biological cargo.
re: spacex
ok it will never happen again
PayPal is such a racket.
this falling rain is cozy
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice.
Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon.
cc
all you need is jackdaniels.
Bing fries are done!
I over think things way too much for my own good.
PreConference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara.
You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if people could learn to manage their stupidity.
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
Can you even touch the net??
LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on  next time we hoop!
LOL
Picture jewels being handed 2 an innocent child...
I never knew...
I had 2 b 9 yrs.
old when that came out RT
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
Who's all there!?
But you know I'm 23 going on 50!
notguilty shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz  team just became legends.
Words to live by.
RT : nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is professorssor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
I got u my brother
I just need too get out and talk...
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby.
If you are in the area come stop in!
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them.
sschat TRUTH
are you in the it's alive session?
Congrats again to all of our new finalists!
Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature!
htt://yobi.tv/live
SPOILER ALERT!
RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on Today today?!
WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Just saw this Jackie.
How awful!
Prayers for your family!
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture.
I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
The Michigan Difference
So happy to hear you enjoyed it!
Looking forward to seeing you again soon :
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
: Friday best day for social engagement.
79am  56pm are best times throughout week 
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis.
Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding  did!
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundoctor!
is he okay?
I'm so sorry : that is a really horrific way to start the year off
It was awesome!
Lots of excellent ideas.
Will be posting a status update for the rest of the group soon.
Frontera grill  only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
Long day....
I'm ready 2 rest  get 2morrow over w/..
Workin can b tiring sometimes ....
Goodnight World..
Yes, we are doing rush for all remaining performances, 20 cash, while seats last!
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS.
In 1 hour.
My gf is a speedoctorading superhero  I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
the football fight was awesome
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to doctorll together and all this stuff!: It's gonna be though but worth it
Damn .
That nigga know my number by heart !
Lol
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm?
He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
Got an idea for my next video?
I'm all ears.
Well.
Freshman year is officially done.
is it we found love??
I love that song!
Gordon Setter
RT : At Nasstrac in Orlando , seems to be more activity in the logistics space this year than any of recent memory
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
Can't wait for Summer!
In the middle of the cleaningthewholehouse stage of writing.
Bring Back Ringer I loved seeing back on tv
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out  now annoying character
Serven is now shutting down 
BREAKING NEWS: 35YearOld Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74yearold Shelbyville woman to death.
Being the best I can be...
...
and thank you for the follow!
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey!
Those were sweet!
its not lol
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
Great meeting w/Director  Coproducer on sales strategy for 'Privacy'  selection of script 4nxt feature film.
Great ideas in the making...
Great parties need no significant preparation.
It is all about the people attending.
7 massive SportsRadio 1250 signs absolutely necessary?
Or is GE's memory so poor he needs constant reminder what station hes on
you're awesome Kelly!
saw it too girl.
So beautiful.
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door!
Where the hell is it?
Jones: 99 of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers nasi2012 Not all take it, but we offer it.
All Aboard!
What's goin' on out there peeps?
I mean besides this PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
I was trying not to.
Im actually ok!!!
If it werent raining while Im waiting for the bus I would be great!
well that  if I didnt have to work...
HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
do you miss me yet?
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom  saved 10 THANKS : keep it real
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundoctord thousand followers.
I honestly don't even know what to say.
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
He loves a woman with a future and a past......im just saying my future is so bright
Law of the laundoctor  the Ravens allwhite uniforms are slick  one of their best combos.
Steelers throwbacks are horrendous.
Just saying.
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
When I was young my bestfriend and I had doctorams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
Very catchy I love the synths!
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
RT : There will be so many times you feel like you've failed.
But in the eyes...
of your child you ARE Super Mom.
YOU ARE the pretty one miss!
;D lol
we la la love chobani yogurt!
3
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
let's get a doctornk girl
dope track, i like the flow...
keep pushing that raw music!!!
Shalom...
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant  Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
That's cool.
Are you Going to hang them up?
u say the coolest things!!
write a damn book please!!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!!
MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :/
Way to multitask and still treat yourself!
:
I totally feel addicted to my life right now.
THaNK u!!
:
: RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply
Tis one week until OpeningDay  GO
agreed.
bit of shock value there.
similar to email is dead.
but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
And now hes just sitting behind me.
Creeper!
Follow organization!
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards 21 :D
UGK hold up
RT from Iran  Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high  many protests 
FINALLY starting Downton Abbey.
Better late than never...
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Luol Deng makes the AllStar team.
It's about time.
Well deserved this year.
Beer.
Wings.
Brewers.
Pizza.

the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
Thanks for the follow.
Already enjoying your tweets.
It was delightful to meet !
I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner.
/
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
This just in...
there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance!
See you at CCB at 8!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please!!
1
Sound terrifying.
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try..
So I will just back away.
Tonight we have the trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ...
rememeber tom is
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable?
That's the fundamental issue.
thank you for the mention :
Cubs doctorp the Cards....
Great ending.
Now let's go
don't be!!
I bet they'll love you!
Haha
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
Thank you!
Love my flowers!
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie.
Should they go to you instead?
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes,  steamed veggies right now.
It's fitting that this series between the Caps and Bruins is going to seven games.
A relationship is never a waste of time.
If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
So I hear.
Word is this episode was awesome.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training.
Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing.
The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
Contemplating dark chocolate.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the condo helipad.
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
thanks a lot bro.
RT : On BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter  is it turning into a link farm?
Join us at 9:00 p.m.
EST
my cats!
and if you accepted my friend request you would know that : cc
lol it kind of does
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2
You have talked so often of going to the dogs  and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?yes
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
full house in the reading room!
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left.
Bad time to go cold.
Should been Sullinger time.
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks.
Let yourself be found!
Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
its my goal idk why
Go Raiders today 3
Amazing, productive morning.
PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main  NorCal : Back to San Diego.
Got myself caught in a fairytale  what is real
very beautiful video.
Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :
You a Man U or City fan?
I'm an Arsenal man myself...
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
The video I posted is my daughter's.
Watch and retweet.
It's DOPE.
ditto ziplines.
Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end!
argh.
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!!
Thanks...
Ponds Cold Cream
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
dude...
How will I organise it...
I'm on the other side of the world ahah
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions.
Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
that's what I thought haha
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
ill dm you that
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair:
thanks for being gracious.
: And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly.
Hope you're encouraged!
okay its fine!
For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
For sureInsight without Action is meaningless.
Meant to be!!!
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
I'm seeing signature moves..
RT : What is happening on my TL right now?
Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something?
Lol
CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
Eek!
I will keep that in mind...
sorry for the spoilers :
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today.
It's official: we're going to Durham.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
make that two pieces.
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
Looking forward to working with you on the solarchallenge!
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt.
lead.
Chi just went up by two.
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
you're great I admire you I'm your big fan
text me now tho:
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great!
Not quite ready to kick butt yet.
Maybe tomorrow!
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on HouseHunters is just how annoying can you be?
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun.
Flip Wilson
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process.
Connect at any time anywhere
wa i miss you.
Hey guise:
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
On fire!
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
I am exhusted.
And its only tuesday
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days!
Time to finish it off tmister
Kim Kardashian  Kanye West Are DATING?
Wow!
Amazing
Who's anxious for my new mixtape?
maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns.
Other than that, nice spelling.
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
I wish pop
My colleague Maria Gäde presents her work on multilingual access to europeana now at etech11  interesting results from log file analysis
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip.
what a terrific experience.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside dave matthews
morning to you as well!
I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :
Um apparently I live under a rock.
Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Mom: we have very important people comin over!
So be on you best behavior.
Me: I don't think I have a best behavior:
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 9
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
I LOVE LIFE3
u kno it girl
FF Thanks for the follows and RT
Aww that's so sweet :
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
i had a doctoram that i got a pick up truck last night.
when i woke up to find my mini van in the doctorve way i went back to sleep
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
Almost back home in mississippi.
1 mo hour to go thank u lord
radical day with and katie.
followed with a headache.
wonder where the advil is....
i keep reading that tweet trying to remember but no i don't fried too many braln cells i guess
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
Glad you're set up with an account again  sorry for the trouble!
can't sleep.
coffee after doctornks at wedding.
in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign.
took blue pill from 1st aid kit.
hope it's tylenol pm!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!!
3
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore...
made my fuckin night
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Females trip me out with that I'm too pretty for this line.
I mean you aight..
Lol
I'm Your Huckleberry Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations?
Especially for FOOD
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
Yay for the Belgians!
Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
hazing.
Its your first time eating chinese food??
Thats crazy :
don't even think about that shawnie!
his first attempt is next year.
He will get accommodations but I am nervous.
:
Highlight reel  Here we come!!
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
clarification PGH girl RTd one pick.
crystal ball is a bit foggy.
Penguins yes.
He forgot the
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind.
im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge.
:P
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Wrong :Alex Trebeck?
: Whoami?
Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore
FOLLOW HIM
Come out and see us.
We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
is it too late to be in it?
I dont care what I am :
Hey, editors: dust off those Austin Powers headline variations!
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Great to be here in San Antonio.
Looking forward to a great
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
: Cookout anyone Birch was there
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 65
i'm at the ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches
Haahaa:D i dont .: im use to wearing shoes
Whoops, meant error there.
Not run.
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
cap room?
I had a customer say If it's so popular, then it must be good.
I wasn't sure how to respond...
I work with complete squares.
There are two Dicks working here: Big Dick and Little Dick
Had hella fun today w/ !
We went to like 8 places !
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
It's good to see you in the Twittersphere as well!
Shit.
The spaceship is down for the count.
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
sitcoms, doctormas and educational programs are all dead.
Start a reality show.
Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
Hello Luis : RT : It's it now...
RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
I love these days :
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now.
Its all so watered down like having wine after whiskey.
half of that is veryy false
They performed at the today!
you will be awesome.
I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
only the hardest!
The Horn Of Plently  best song ever.
RT : I wish the show came on every night.
Love that show!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR.
Please retweet!
oh my god have fun!
It's my half birthday.
Yup.
notimportant 17.5 years.
...some really big hands ...lol
You can't please all mf's
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Today, July 18  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Guest: William Constantine  Celebrity Psychic  latalkradio.com  Channel 1
RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
absolutely!!!
there definitely will be :
You my dear are not ugly.
I can guarantee you are beautiful.
...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony...
Can't sleep.
But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
Thank you so much for the love!
I must begin to plan!
Who's going to BEA next month?
If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up.
:
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective  Warren Buffett
I'll make you glad you came
Not every man really lives.
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
The more I think of you, the more I want you!
Lol
A coup?
Gimme a break.
Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
Now Following Baqk :
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device?
Lost Trivia
miss you
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
: In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not.
today is not yet confirmed is blue
Do you even need to ask?
;
Finna get on my level before the night begins
Looks like a great adventure!
Thanks for sharing the photo.
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
hey ya.
Thanks for that info.
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight!
;D
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :
how old are u
Thanks!
I love Hollywood Studios!
Pretty sure Andoctorw Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The MicroBlogging Site
It's Natl Apple Pie Day!
The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream and cheese.
thanks for the shoutout
You don't need to explain anything to me...
RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
ITS NOT OKAY ?
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
RT Regular naps prevent old age.....
especially if you take them while doctorving.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads  social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA!
Who wants one?!
LOL awardwinner, huh?
RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
I'm good, thanks for asking!
Whatcha doing?
unfavorable?
what is this  a baseball game?
overturning law is serious business.
: Re: Avengers epaper, holodisplays, LCDsold and new tech ALWAYS coexist.
That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the TMobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :
I'm watching Hockey.
Go Caps!
misterhastheremote LOL
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week.
Did you go for the convention?
There was actually a dude in the window lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Seriously!?
LUCKY!
ah I am happy for you too then!
What time?
;
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Listening to some old mgk .
I havent listened to some of these songs in forever !
Miss it
inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake 3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet:
when ru back in crystal city?
i'll bring the office!
A relationship without trust is nothing.
so if there's no trust, then there's nothing.
right?
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
SNOW DAYY!!!
:D
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weightwhich never lasted very long
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
sarcasm was in my last tweet
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware..
We're busy right now trying to fix it!
lol, that would be hella funny.
Yeah...
the 1800's were WEIRD!
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
You got it buddy
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
The part with the aliens was intense.
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Childoctorn  Nature Conference!
Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
We're not anti anything.
We are just trying to promote love over snark.
Hugs over doctorma.
Positivity will always win!
damn kids and their injuries.
Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
so am I haha
Yay personal router is up an running.
Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :
aha thanks guys.
smwtransmedia Debate over the term transmedia reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letterwriting.
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop  his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Have you switched departments for real?
Congratulations!
Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had.
Some 
O's have won 8 of their 11 series..
Are 125 vs.
the East, 115 on the road.
Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it!
Lets go.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
like a boss
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :
amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the 900 million dollar mark.
Cheese and crackers!
Wealthy Woman Tip There is power in a Prelaunch!
Create anticipation for your new product or service.
Proven Method and it WORKS!
Try It
well stop doctoroling lol : I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste  spit on my shirt EVER agai
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Saw a license plate on the way home, TEAMJCB.
Lol
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
And that is why I have an andoctorid...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING!
...ugh...phones!
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage.
Can you help with a follow and a retweet?
We need support!
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;
Got your TaxiMagic app yet?
It's FREE!
Just visit www.broadwaycab.com.
You'll be glad you did!
Kobe shot selection 
mama needs some 'me time.'
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet ...
but data definitely looming large
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Anonymous
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C .
DUMB AS !
NY was so much fun yesterday.
Got to see my best friend and got so much shit.
So cheap!
xD
Heat wave coming to Chicago today.
It will be a balmy 43 degrees.
Great weather for February.
Loving it!
Today was quite lovely.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
thanks for the great info!
i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Didn't you hear?
All your newly created lists appear as holograms!
notreally :
2 makes me think Premium, 1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
where are you in the lib?
What does Social Media mean to you???
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
U R welcome and Happy NY
.
inspires me.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012  Film Journal
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for outrage to become cliche.
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood?
ThingsToFindInAdvance!
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
isn't that crazy!?
Finishing EP for SLEAZE!
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT?
Then read this...
Saturday lunch with at Haveli.
Yay Indian buffets!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked what happened to your dad?
No its not.
Jay is a business man.
Jordan is just a player and a brand.
Yes sir
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week.
We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo.
I thought that was cool.
Should I do the no shave november?
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
I gets get my dick licked lol
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
excuse me, miss?
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
3 hours till my birthday!!!!!
Finally, GWB does something noble and right.
He tied himself around the neck of Romney.
Wear it well, Mitt!
The dogs are all catfriendly.
Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure.
Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Great point.
No funds  No facilities  Hard sell to recruits.
yeah, thats a sexy btch!
How about a follow lovely ?
xx
Day 2 at NY Sports Club!
Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
Why Am I Not Surprised.?
Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.?
You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
u know it!
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :
What a beautiful day it is.
It's a great day to get better!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning collaborating.
Watch for great smcmke events in 2011!
You guys thought I forgot about guys.
Didnt you?!
Well I didn't and never will.
Good to c u on my TL!
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends!
This deal is TODAY ONLY!
Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just 2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:HyVee156th/Maple
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
I agree with Atlas on this.
Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympictype doctorg tests.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
gonna be a fun mom
At least  I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really?
On to the next one!
You going to the Jacob L.
concert?
yeah me too
love that show.
It is too hot
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Happy CincoDêdoctornco everyone!
Be safe, and don't doctornk and doctorve!
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora: Documentary photographer Tafawa captainres global Black experience
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins.
They still have room to get better.
Wow.
This sucks.
What the hell is even going on right now?
I don't understand why this is happening to her.
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with.
In 180person tournaments a 100 buyin swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
My pleasure!
thank you!!!!
Need to find me a valentine, is it u?
Lol
Starbucks is my legal doctorg dealer!!
M
i love you so much
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys.
Lame.
I can cook all that,and much more!
Thanks for the shoutout
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Checking the mail for my contract!
SO excited to be sponsored by them.
And what exactly are you reading?
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome THATCamp Games attendees!
You made this unconference awesome.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone?
;P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison?
National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
Day two of ignoring him...
where have you been ;
when is it coming out
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams  new uniforms.
Motorola GPS system up for auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just 60!
Retails for over 120!
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m.
EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVERdoctorss.
It looks wayy better than being underdoctorssed!
: since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room.
It has lavendar walls
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
Chugging coffee like it's my job.
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight.
One was ok, but the other was like BOOM!
In a good way :
I'm winkin' atcha!
Love The Pretenders....
we will go neutral just as soon as you do.
A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy.
Love my friends, love my life, love my family.
Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you!
;
can't wait...
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Or said a prayer.
It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a Christian.
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
Counting down the days!
Going out w.
My Girls , then Show iGuess Saturday Plans:
If you're high, we will fly!
Now delivering 5052322432.
17 more days till Prom: Can't Wait!
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival aired throughout Europe.
thank you!!!
One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood.
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
New Mexico edges Long Beach St.
1st down to 39
Me and Cody broke up
Let me ease your minnddd
all black?
Like everythings black on them?
It's hard to tell.
I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV.
It might work for other women.
Just not for me!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
LeBron is a nonfactor in the playoffs...
Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Ha!
Clever.
: RT : In session..
cloud is like a chicken nugget.
Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it
she's a back seat doctorver all right.
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun.
until 8 pm today!
Where are you anyways?
Read an article of tools to help me track ROI of social media spend.
All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
lmao yes, i am magic: haha Thank you!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
RT : PellFutureNAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Last night was a great camp.
Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings.
I'm thinking beer.
You up for it ?
I love my job!
Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
GIRLS on hbo is pretty funny...
good writing
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
ARod with a bunt single.
I'll take it
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee  got sea salt too!
Yum...
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professorssor murder trial.
See you in 2 minutes
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend!
He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
every sport 'em  skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc.
sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach  fan is fan.
In Santa Monica.
It's like homeless people heaven.
the swagger dont stop  lil wayne
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy!
lol :P
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable!
:
have become OBSESSED with mashups.
taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
what's the plan bro
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a twoton banana in front of his nose.
Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck.
Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked.
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart :
Animal Farm is such a great book.
Bumping tew the motto :
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
Very Cool!
We'd love to hear some of them.
Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Failure happens all the time.
It happens every day in practice.
What makes you better is how you react to it.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Greatness never sleeps
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
is in scranton
ah.
perhaps i misunderstood.
sorry for the misinformation!
I will never get why models who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever.
He's a twitterthug lol.
Go Bucks!
Piff the white, itch yo' neck  beat your wife.
That's the life.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life!
We love you and thank you for living icon!:
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert.
Bring ur tour here now!
Please.
Mother nature playing with us lol
PLEASE!
:D
I like President George W.
Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office.
He's kinda like an old man Cap.
America lately
I should be home by now.
I'm only in Shadyside.
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday  Don't miss it.
hey stud
Hi everyone!
anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work  play yeowthatscherry
Thanks !
let us know how we can serve you?
hey,ugly,call me
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday: 35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!!
:
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on youacting May 23rd
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
cooling i miss you
Chatting with folks about adoptacommunity and Footprints in front of Starbucks in lobby at
we need to go to a show together.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
happy Friday my friend.
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer.
You all Helped...
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone  brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
I hate when ppl think their cool it doctorves me crazy!!!
c:
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
Andoctorw Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead.
What's wrong with him?
Smh
What name do u like better Kate or Tori?
For my future doggy
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep.
Bleh.
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
: Christinas face is thick....
Has she gained weight or preggo?
thevoice we were just saying the same thing.
Maybe preggo?
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3.
It's going to be beautiful!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout 25.
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT.
Go figure.
Someone doctorve me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
no problem!!
hahahaha
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music...
hahahaha :P
Does anyone have the book MetroLetters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities?
I would love to borrow it :
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!!
Which song will it be?...
50 Likes and I'll upload.
GO.
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.Bryan
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C.
today;: Excited to be in DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!
Nothing in the works.
Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
YES!!!!
TNT they AMAZING?!?
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!!
Lmmfao 
Lol too much work !
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Josh Miller, I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket.
I didn't realize it would be this cold // Welcome to Chicago!
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Can't wait!
MT : Come visit me 112 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting!
Fig  Cherry vinegar soda
newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store!
Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
I only have like 3 pairs of pants.
Hahaha
hey brian!!
its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her!
her twitter is 3
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over 5.5M...
no school : doing nothing all day
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her

THAT'S AWESOME!!!
I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!!
Nope Im not goin tho RT : really?
Are you going lol?
Going to Sea World!
Pics tomorrow.
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Could someone in room at kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
Ugh you're telling me!
RT Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to..
I mean just ;
No prob, keep asking tough questions.
Go heels.
i don't even know.
My sister never said anything wasn'tinvited
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong?
The lovely leek!
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special.
Get in touch would love to talk further.
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Looking for a wedding planner?
DM me :
I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new.
Did I doctorve you away?
I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know.
But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
hi there :D
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag.
Remember to respond in the form of a question
Pazzo Bakery has great service!
They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Missed the space between my handle and the start of the tweet.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation.
Except Mountain Dew.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's Glad You Came in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
That's outstanding!
If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target.
Thanks.
who u talking about?
certainly not the celebs
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister.
Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends!
Boo!
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
i feel like im interupting something.
lol
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyprofessorssor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
that  much better theme for the panel.
Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel.
Really.
WHERE WERE YOU?
Forbes says Diddy is worth 110 million more than Jay Z now.
Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
I been following you bro...
Much love and respect!
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
cap full of bleach
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now.
:
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series.
New event in November.
Stay tuned.
It's not about where you've been it's about where you're going.
Keep your focus straight ahead.;
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating doctorma.
My friends really need to deal with their own shit 
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke  is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary...
I will find you.
Hey , what color are your crocs?
Same as Pips?
:
Focus.
Focus.
Focus.
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Not at all....
phone got taken away:/
Trying out Threadsy.
Interesting.
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Happy I was up watchin HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I BeenInLove wit himwe needed tA talk!!!
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer?
HUH?..impossible!!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
he'll be good!
rt Beverly I think it is awesome.
Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda doctorpped off the grid
27 jason from both:
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
You too sir!
: OH.
LOL east coast?
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like I never said that, I don't have one  I blocked him
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat.
night!
Discounted tickets are available for WCM students

Thanks for the RT guys!
Looking forward to finding some great talent in the Madison area.
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Thanks for the article!
Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation for me.
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Want a new for this Spring?
Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10 a new : FREE consultation, so...
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
You're welcome!
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Attention all fans!
Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Choking the chicken
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
: 8 hours of sleep never felt so good.
Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested.
Amen, brother!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Georgia State.
This place crackles with energy.
Check your email....Thanks!!
Oh my fucking god.
Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Need to bring Woodson back
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches.
Here's a curve.
My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality.
Addoctorss?
Pls.Help!
Yes.
Thank you.
RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow AAS3rdCentury, esp.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; RecallWalker !!!
On set in the woods tonight ...
horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19yr.old son died in a car ax.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos.
Enjoyed it.
: Agreed!
Opie done good!
thanks!
Today's been a lil rough for me.
But am gonna pull thru.
:
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and makeup will dance in my head.
No ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
So my napchat turned into bedhcat  went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
In my doctoram job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke.
Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things.
Gawd.
Thanks for guest lecturing in JMS585!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
that's great :
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
Can people even see my posts??
x RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
soooky soooky love the doctorss!
Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked 2 overall in the nation.
LULZ
Off for The day wow !!!
Valley fair  mall of America today k pce
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience!
You should check it out!
4PM!
I know a expert who's looking for a fulltime gig.
DM me if you have a lead, please.
i dont remember paying for things
Rise and shine!
What's the latest in fashion this spring?
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight.
food ready in about 15min..
yum
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
WH meeting was about moving backward in a way that increases,increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Agreed.
Very, very agreed!
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
What happens now?
Do we animorph?
awww, thanks : glad nwtekno can be useful
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it.
3
I'll tell you what...
Blonde only doctornks masque treatments.
Add it up as you see fit.
whatever that was doughty, nice.
Exactly.
RT sigh.
what is authenticity?
Wow, I love the new photo!
: 
85 lost.
no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose.
We dont like winning.
Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
came through clutch sir
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Nothing can improve centralstation like the newest MelanieC remix video!!!!
LA is my fav place on the world!
hahaha...
my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account.
p.s.
thx for not hatin'
Twitter spam 
writing update: DarklyBound still in need of revision.
Haven't done much writing lately except for nonwriting website endeavors.
Can't wait to try it
zazzle shirts  Ladies Baby Doll  Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle  tinyurl.com/6betudx
i seriously love you too :
how is it going?
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
lol.
have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Im going to email you some info
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things!
Talk to about doing standup!
:
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
I feel amish still having a Blackerry.
I guess I'll just have to text with a bonnet on.
that's intense dude
Cool Linda, your the best!!!
Say hi to everyone please!!
Let's party sometime!
Django Django, without a doubt.
Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind.
Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
So What Have You Been Up To ?
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my defeatthelabel shirt.
This show is touching :
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 911?
Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet?
:
Thank you god!
My dad got a job!!!!
CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
Thx for stopping in!
RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses.
Out of this world!
Always happy to tweet great content.
Keep 'em coming!
Orthodontist appointment.
Shoot me now.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
but rather...
Soft and GREEN...
where u from
Like really
What happened after triple H beat ?!
U R Fired Now 
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Very nice avatar!
will surely approve!
RT : Have you seen my new professorle pic?
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :
you stealing my fallowers.
hop of.
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40 year career
look as this gay ass fool
confessiontime and a reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
I've been neglecting this twitter account.
Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Summer is almost here!
Who else is stoked to get in summer attire?
Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ; Let the summer begin!
thanks  NEVER.
RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?.
Questioning many of my close friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.butreally isthatdoctormatic?
I had a doctoram about a time machine and my stuff animal collection.
It was awesome!
i'm fine thanks you?
yeah I read that one.
It's an interesting strategy.
I may join the select program soon myself
Watching longest yard!:
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I know!
Tis why I agreed so much.
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
SCHOOL???
AW MAN!
I DONT WANA GO!
I preordered The Art Of Todd McFarlane on Amazon in November, 2010.
It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012...
Yikes.
1st day vegan.
I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
who fell down the hill
thank you!
Have a great Wednesday!
Corollary: How low should taxes be?
Low enough that they're not worth evading.
like 2 days ago
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion?
Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
California fire starter caught !!!
I'm glad my car wasn't there!
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Wat yo silly ass up to
I had a doctoram last night that I opened a tattoo savings account and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
bring back David please!
Hey !
Killer
Bingo.
Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
I've been craving opera lately.
Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries  wants an archives badge.
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a particularly dangerous situation
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Fuck this idk why I even bother!!
I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Big east champs
Certainly not certain.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble  my 2nd semester w/ them
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two.
Come on Twins!
18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream.
Reflecting in my child welfare days.
So glad you enjoyed!
Try anything new this time?
RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday!
xo
Great to see you guys working together.
That's how we should all operate.
Nice job.
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
:D  Really what my face looks like right now!
ePUBs are the best!
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE  ENERGYEFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website!
www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!!
It's a lot of fun!!!
I'm coming for you.
hey tweets
Slowly  finally  76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make.
I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
What?
You got your mom flowers?
Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
HEY!!
Don't be mean!
Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t.
Scarf  scarves.
By that logic it should be smurf  smurves.
smurfs logic besmurfinglogicalaboutthis  Sarah K.
G'night :D
Message me for a great, priceconscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom 199 special!
...mention
loved the show!!!
you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!!
cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
will try.
Thx.
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh?
Didn't think so...
come and get it from us.
Lil nig was talkin noise.
.
.so I had to shut him up
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to Vegas, I suggest you follow
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Final day of DOTD ATL!
Swing by the table  grab a DVD/shirt combo for only 20!
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I found the spoon I lost last night....
I really need to get to bed.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME???
No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
I'm going to bed!!!
There's nothing wrong with hating people : : :
Hi Twitterers!
I'm feeling the love as you follow me.
Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
The Village People lied to me
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
slow ass fucking truck.
i could've been home already.
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls.
Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular!
Coming soon...
: Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it.
fratproblems Amen
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
Bah.
Who wants to play when you're full?
:
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric.
Want to move quickly  turn into 1pg target.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Josh Billings
Time for new running shoes!
My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
Bet the house!
I actually had the pear first.
I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class.
Then the professorproduced McVities.
it's the quiet.
I don't need you anymore
you know me so well bruh :
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible.
Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school..
I am going to be so lost without him.
Writing...
Writing and Writing
: Problems should doctorve us into action and not into depression YES!
yeah she does
their extra storage is magical.
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
I wish all yall were like she was
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Ain't nobody like you.
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Colorforms are about to play
I plan on laying by the pool all day.
This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today.
About time.
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Cheers to neighbors!
The announcers have another man crush on doctorw Brees...
Stimulate?
Really?
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache.
sorry I haven't tweeted all day!
night guys.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer!
A great day for Poland!
Spotted at orangeleaf tonight.
Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
is that a real dog?
bahahah your welcome x
Did you all see what I did there?
No, okay then :
That's awesome 
explanation..
NOW!
still not sold on Miller as a passer.
Let's hope he can figure it out...
doctorAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCIGO HARD
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
Our teachers rock!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service

putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order.
Amazing.
Worst day:
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Niall ...
I discovered that perfection exists ..
you!
on ?
I'm fckin watchin, that's it.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer!
You are a domain name rights  trademark law god.
Well i dont post the terrible ones!
For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well.
But thank you; that's very kind :
Bed in a few.
Lots to do tomorrow.
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas.
I'm outta here
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief  didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!
Generations streaming is down.
Had a powersurge earlier.
Working on getting it back up
looks pretty much over to me
has a coach ever been traded like Ozzie Guillen?
: Forward down the field!
....
A lions victory.
Go Lions!
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
My boobs are getting bigger.
Great
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task.
M.
send it to my email, u have it.
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio.
Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?!
WTF?!
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Nice to have you back!
We've missed ya.
Hell of a season darlin'!
Have a great night!
thanks Paul
Unless you're into that
HAHAHA.
: Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners.
THIS.
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school 3
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK!
Dinner at a Blackowned restaurant.
Gift certificate from a Blackowned spa...
So excited to gig with you!
Maybe ?!
I need that doctornk, like a camel needs water  I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake.
Your best quote.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
HA right.
I just need a cover page or similar.
time is love.
gotta run.
love to hang longer..
but, I got someone.
:
Some things are better left unsaid
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck  it stings :o wtfff ?
I don't even know how I got itt ?
Im going in on 2K!
Who want it!
tell her keith us gonna be there.
where you at bro?
can't wait!
See ya in San Fran!
MonaVie Mx juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun  who wants some?
Patriots all the way!!!!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
I lost 2 followers.
Who are they??
4 days and I'm home again
I know
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
don't feed the trolls!
They love knowing that it gets to you.
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport!
Good to have them back!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to.
It won't last long.
There's something in you.
U just have to look within
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office.
they just ran up our stairs.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at !
Listen and get hooked up!!
:D
uhm YES.
what i say goes.
3 like, i miss you.
You know, cuz sexy time should always include a homicide.
orange you glad you didn't?
::runs and hides::
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy.
Not only in business but in any relationship.
RETWEET IF YOU ARE TEAMFOLLOWBACK  WANT NEW FOLLOWERS follow for an Instant Followback  25000 ...
great now I'm just scared of .
I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much.
Every TimBurton and JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers!
This workday is ovah!
I really like that a lot.
Very true and positive.
:D
thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff

SO Pumped doll!
Thanks for the RT!
Xox
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600 X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:!
Who hooo!
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming.
Worth missing every ray of sun.
My dad is a Marine.
follow back?
:
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer.
The two aren't related.
Hey Chad.
did you get your million supporters yet?
what number am I?
trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT 3
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
less a legal question than a political one.
Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing posthoc.
e!!
That sounds sketchy !
Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!!
:
This has 643 written all over it.
Good morning conference attendees!
We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to TennShare Delivers.

if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me.
you have my number.
thank you.
A nice blend of prediction  surprise are at the heart of the best art.
PLENTY of surprises recently.
When does the prediction pay off?
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict!
exercise!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some CrossFit boxes in NYC  need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
you promised me the moon and stars..
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop...
crazy shit.
black in america
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!!
Yall motivate us to work hard !!
3 3  Zaona
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called Senior Lunch in slow motion More info on that soon!
:D
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen  neither care abt the child.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
We talking bout practice?!
PRACTICE?!!
Hahaha never gets old
Yes phone works.
1st time Ive received an over 90 ATT warning for my data plan.
If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ 
I like the green myself, or black.
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Help me win an ipad!
Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Lakers better not get blown out again
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
just put new banners up on ; Should have others at soon too.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
im cool B follow me?
of course!
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself his generation.
His doctoram was bigger than his abilities.
God used him 2prepare the way!
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Step in the right direction.
Certainly shows some level of support.
But Sponsors should look for consistency.
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
thank god for another beautiful day!!
Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!!
:D
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
why didnt u wake me?
I always hear that twang in your tweets.
Heh.
RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet?
LOL.
We're gonna rock it in June m/ can't wait!!
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
The Silk Tie likes Alex!
The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
18 icon cute.
total rate: 8
what?
where:D
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario.
Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Subway session with
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
you're so welcome!!
:
Almost the Weekend!
What're your plans?
Bring the crew in for some quality time at USwirl!
Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget.
PRIZES!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will?
Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about learnthebasics then talk game
Career xroads?
Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through Now What?
Info  www.theWATTnetwork.com
What a putt by Lefty.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
no one danced?
Do only that which is right.
Period.
Vegas Storypassing through, picked up a Native American hitchhikerconvinced me to take a quick stop  craps tablewon 1K
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboythe phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty  dang!
;
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
Great last night!
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
you are not an idiot.
We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot.
You rock.
You are awesome.
::hugs::
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Here's a tip...
don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Hi.
Can you follow me?
Saturday  physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon.
Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom.
Fam it's all we got!
i don't follow.
monopolies don't exist in private sector.
and collective bargaining is not a given.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be!
Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots citywide
happy early birthday!!!!
Ya 14!!!!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
I'm sure it's not 100 true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think if I looked like her, I would never have any problems.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, 3words for re: Steve: idoctoram, iDesign, iReinvent.
JOBS: Well done.
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
rip spring break.
MoneyNeverSleeps ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney !
RT : Thinking about taking tonight off.
I can use it.
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too.
No history of Parkinson's in the fam.
I'll have to ask about tremors.
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
You in Stardust.
Cue Boyfriends mind being blown.
Thank you.
Carry on.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
I know I gotta Crush
would you let me light up the sky?
light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Aristotle
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song James.

When boys let you rest your head on their chest.
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason.
Have you seen the polls lately?
I smell defeat for the Left.
I hope you like what you see so far.
: We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style doctorving moccasins????
what's a boy have to do?
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for KRod?
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!!
Great job!!
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
lol yea I have admit that I do
Do we know where the campaign that won ThePitch for is now?
I recently saw free samples at CVS signupforourmailinglist :/
They're still out there..
it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas  LSU football  HOG Heaven for this Razorback!!
Go Hogs Go!
Sup Rodney!
Are you behaving yourself?
Halfway through 1st day of SOSMarch, head still spinning.
Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad.
Movie time!
Damn that sucks
Blur playing Way Out West this year?
Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
Good news.
Wiggle on.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you.
never forget that.
:
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick.
Will post it shortly.
you won 5 bucks.
Look at the prize structure button link
No Bates!
what up
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Good Night Bros!
Helped out at circ desk.
so awkward !
who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ; ;
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well super busy with my new job, but good.
How about you?
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
Had to duck out early from great After English panel to catch a flight back to DFW.
out.
Til next time
Amen!!
: Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance.
I hate being single...
but it is what it is.
no ego here, well maybe a little
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend.
After that, we'll be back!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in The Resurrection Issue
The rain won't stop..
Good morning sweeties!
Let's make it a great day!
:
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't.
Salute.
Think?
My Life Is Perfect!
:
no not really
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam.
Because google likes me just the way I am.
:
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Free InStore Engraving Event.
December 5th.
More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Dan Dickerson  Dan Petry  Dan Dickerson  Jim Price.
Such an upgrade!!
And a few extra el bees.
I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
I love your idea!
You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Watching HeyArnold!
Freaking love this show!
:D
Midnight in Paris now 54.1 US, 107.1 global...
so far.
Oh Mosley must need 
FrostBank has THE BEST customer service.
I highly recommend them to all of my Texas friends.
np Otherside Red Hot Chili Peppers
Geospatial is a key feature of MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
And I can't even explain it....
Damn.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
Forget about style, worry about results  Bobby Orr
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Heat targeting
Thank you!
!
you ride?!
didn't end up reading it...
So YOU should tell me how it is!
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website.
I think they did a good job.
been there!
Take your time
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting powerhungry whinger.
Pass it on.
Not sure when they start.
Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago.
Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Mountain dew white out is really good
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person.
Cmoooooooon
Things I Hate  wind, hair and lipgloss.
Together.
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?
kiera
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;
Pres is a hot mess!!
Back to Cablevision HQ  interactive channel trials for VoyageTV  pushing travel content to their other assets....
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
Staying up late and can't sleep.
You're welcomeand thank YOU for the EcoMonday RT : Have a great rest of the day!
I hate to advocate doctorgs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.
Hunter S.
Thompson
Thanks  Yes we say!
RT : doctorving home on I5 tonight and passed the HereWeSayYes billboard!
I LOVE IT!
God not only makes New Things...God makes Things New...Revelation 21:5
Damn, D.Rose just got us!
Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans.
Bucks played well though :
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 34
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in!
Are you?
Its clarity is a blessing.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career.
Not his relationships.
our future is in or hands
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at?
Sheesh lol too funny
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
chill soon
Zucchini boats....
Ever heard of them?
I'm making them, verdict to follow.
Friends and family to test
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel w/ 3 others, don't have coke
THanks for the shoutout on DOUBLEBACK!
Thirsty Thursdays  Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only 3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for 3 aswell.
PLEASE MENTION AD!
Here's a statistical oddity: Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL AllStar, has a higher OBP than slugging pctg.
You're welcome Anthony.
Thanks for noticing.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best3
what up man!
Replied to your email!
dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure!
Let's do something!
WIF needs an L.A.
key grip for one day for a no budget PSA.
Any takers??
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
You cool.
French Quarter fest also on my list.
would you care sending me updates?
I'll direct message you my number.
haha.
damn you!
;
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
You havereally done very well indeed
hey I just met you!
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
The Thing could put up a fight.
I want an app that let's you make apps
omfg imagine a son like you, in love already 3
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away backtoback.
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
yup, just watched this.....yup....
Oh, the DayTimer...
Alan Carr: So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?
Hairbag saved my life.
hey boo how you been You okay?
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
Start socializing at Clyde's right after ogi...
then head over to Cap City later on 7ish
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April.
Everyone.
That's Walker's record.
thanks for the RT!!
You will have to let me know next time you are up for cocktails at mgmgrand!
We have great doctornks for you to choose from!!
Mule pride.
Great to connect!
RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow!
We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Bostonians, lend me your ear: any recommendations for a Back Bay dinner spot?
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday  they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of  a dam good tour!
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
Nobody wantz 2 sit  home on a Saturday nite!!!
Love what you do for a living.
Never ever settle.
Ok I sprayed them.
Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
is working on her website for class.
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership.
Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
yes, but a smaller amount of them.
I would say no more than 1 tsp.
at a time.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
My bed has never felt this comfortable goodnight 
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here : what's the time in Iran??
Here.
We.
Go.
30 Mountain Climbers, 30second Planks.
Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
don't make me say tornado siren!
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
what's up??
hahaha yeah buddy!
Its a tennis thing?
Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;RT : Nah...
Lots of tennis fans do!
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
I play RB  Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard rock  roll like they're bad wordsblame Starship?
NUTELLA.
M.
I LOVE THAT SHIT.
M.
Winning is a habit.
Unfortunately, so is losing.
Vince Lombardi
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds10pmTonight at Cactus Club!
RT!
Stay humble, stay focused.
Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received.
It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
going to hulu.com
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now.
As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
I didn't stay to watch the game.
Had too much work.
Hope to see you at a game!
:
todays been a little rough..
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby.
We like the sound of that one.
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry?
You're a teacher, right?
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
Thanks for the follow
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
no waiting go get it
I just need to download and listen SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
That site is amazing.
If you haven't seen the FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
You bet man..
You and Joel do great things..
Just wonder how long before you land big..
You are patient  smart thou!!
lets build.
Another double today 
Look on the bright side.
Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
From your mouth to God's ears!!
GO YANKS!!!!
i'm game for anything.
suggestions?
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:
What is definition of leader/advocate?
Cynical thought  someone who donates money.
Ugh.
The theme music for Dino Dan sounds so much like Galaxy Quest that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder.
Buh.
Yes!
I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
plz follow me i love u with all my heart 3
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue.
Ensue chair dancing...NOW
yeah im hurt bih!
tell her i aint speaking to her !
HMPH
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Happy Birthday !!!
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
oh im never in there hahha
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Victor says, is this ICE?
Mercy says, yeah right...
so why does it say CBP on their hats?
Lol.
grrrrr.
RECALL WALKER
Incredible day!
High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Happy Labor Day everybody.
Yup.
I'm mad, bro.
I like McChickens.
.
lmfao
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist?
:/
Saturday see at the NW Portland WilliamsSonoma store, 12pm to 4pm.
Come down and test the hottness for yourself.
Sauce too
Do it!!!
It's awesome hahaha
At a talk with and
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
New York City?!!
GET A ROPE!!!
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
Love PHX fans flipping out.
U mad?
Take it out on your team and not our players.
Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
oh hay girl ;
not helping...
fate..
hm, that sounds reasonable
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Hey!
We need to get coffee sometime!
I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :
Just taped singing reel.
Posting soon.
What song did I choose?

watching HouseOfPain and i juss love CalvinMiranda condo
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard , we'll get you fixed right up.
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked.
It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
heck yeah!
Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl!
RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
we all love it :
Rain, fabulous rain!
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
Wishing all of Indianas teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week.
Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son.
She sounds like the Lie down, Chauncy lady from doctor Dolittle.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Ellen is always welcome!
RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn
Fashion is not just beauty, its about good attitude.
You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having grown...
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
haha I'm watching him now.
You're welcome for not posting an Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
no idea
is there a Pinã Colada in the mix?
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend!
RT
I hope ..
We will see
Consider writing your home  destination  mobile on a selfadhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Divide  Conquer!
Way to bring the state together.
Great leadership!!
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
80 followers as of right meow!
Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
naw its been a while.
How's everything?
We should all link up
This Mac Miller playlist is on
: Internet access in a contact lens?
Incredbible times.
yea, sounds unbelievable.
Your blood sugar is high sir...
Train just arriving at penn station..
On my way to
happy early birthday!!
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word?
You are turning into quite the journalist!
Congrats!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
zoo date with ?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama.
It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security?
Do they think they are above the danger?
If you suffered a heart attack, using antiinflammatory doctorgs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45 your risk to repeat it.
/ J.
Circulation.
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks, when you have Henry on Twitter!
shush, you!
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
love the hashtag!
where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework.
one day at a time.
Congratulations!!!
hAPpy with my test : And that's a wrap on U.S.
history.
Good Afternoon Y'all.
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning.
I'm having traditional doctorwing withdoctorws.
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago.
I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
Officer Pineda needs to find a new hobby.
LOL
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Tomorrows MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
Very Jewish.
I'm reform.
He's way to the right.
There's new BBQ in town roc Stay tuned for details...
Oh the things you do for love...loveisgrand 3
Did u say u were in NYC?
I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant.
It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindoctornce than an help : Optin please?
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm  St Anthonys Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house  standing room!
I miss you
At emspdx today learning more about digitalarketing strategy.
Such a great show!
Gonna miss everyone so much!
Way to kill it !
Loved working with you!
Hope everyone enjoyed.:
Thanks for all of my new followers
haha thanks patches
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
I don't think so
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work..
Lame
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Sorry Shelly.
Definitely one perk of this job.
I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes.
:
We better be.
Prepping for 2012 all year.
Wait, seriously?
Picture, boy, picture!
National Champs!
Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style!
Dau1isDidCarryUs 
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Soft suspension.
World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!
Brauny!
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool!
Deal?
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored?
It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
No idea.
I swear I didn't yell cheese when I took that pic.
Nice to meet you last night.
Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar.
Yup, she's doing it.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will  which is obviously what you want!
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people  technology.
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it  wants you there.
Harry's in LA???
:D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not!
;
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of  HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
MyBigCampus has Twitter integration!
Awesome teacher tool!
long live those fashion quotes
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Got a track meet later today !
hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper.
I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
It's hard to let go, huh?
That's life.
Watching Meet Joe Black
I just might try it.
I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find.
Thanks!
hahah thanks!
What was your favorite part?
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ...
This is too sad!
Count your blessings
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
It's all about the 212.
How much does the hate RonPaul  his nutjob followers??
By sending  to a side operation than to NV GOP to keep it away from them!!
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare.
:
your awesome so please follow me back?
: i can say that i have grown up with you.
i sang crush crush crush at myschool :D
hahahaha oh lawdy april..
I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too!
Loll
.
Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars.
Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan.
Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
Well that defiantly deserves a awkward lol
31 now.
I'm a little behind.
My ringtone is now music from TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
We need some more fitness on the westside  Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Buying childoctorn's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo.
Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Heh!
Well, many languages not just english.
Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
thanks for check n that out
gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets have not lost at home since November.
Friday  4/8/2011 DJ 12 TRIBE  B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
We just booked an 800 cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans?
:
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
I swear if doctorJackson can't get me in first thing in the morning...
I'm going to cry.
What you stealin boxes for?
You trying to build a clubhouse?
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year.
J.
Lewis did not disappoint.
i do follow
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
: hope you made it by!
aaahhh but what if I do  I'm still singing the same song?
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau.
NW Wisconsin will get up to 15:
you mean tweetering ?
Look there's no 'new' anything ok?
New isn't new.
Old isn't new.
Old is old.
That's all there is.
Old is the old old.
I need a hug
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro  but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
hey ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes?
try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Tom Waits  Long Way Home  09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
that's the jam right?!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov.
Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
is that even a question?!
YES OF COURSE!!!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning.
thanks so much.
so thankful for our customers
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has.
:
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :
On the road!
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
RT : Finally after two long years, Beyonce has her new single out!!!
doctorving to Rio from Guarulhos
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education  The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitarpicking nails.
Wedding guests coming from out of town?
Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!!
Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
No doubt stay.
The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round.
He'll only get better with experience.
the 80s are back baby!
: Lol.
But you don't take basketball too serious.
I don't cause I don't care lol.
They aren't helping my pockets
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like.
Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
Yeah I am in class until 7.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 16
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride.
Hell yeah!!!!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
seriously.
what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me.
i appreciate you guys!
Congrats!
Looking forward to it!
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job!
Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer.
ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Hi Harry.
My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me.
But no worries, I'll still support you 169.
make sure you get STREET addoctorsses if you think you may ever want to map your custmisterclt data
It's national chocolate chip day.
What park has the best product made with them Brad
will try to make it!
Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!!
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
mozmah sounds great from backstage!
I have so much to do.
oh, no!
There's a God.
He just wants to punish you.
proBraves sports bar  could be any sports bar in the South
Snow day in Seattle!
RHOC finally pulled through tonight.
Vicki and Breanna  proud of u girls.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series.
Tweet us at 
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :
: score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?
And clean sheet too!
work until 1030.
Go Buckeyes!
Dual monitors, lol.
Now of only it was 3D...
:P Report coming up.
GaySeal ...
But you're sweet; heartyou
Watching weather channel.
Irene is a bitch..
doctorps it D: fuck u Crane machine :
Thanks for sharing BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Can you see the show from where youre at?
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST  only on ZenLive.tv
I am a Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool.
Next year with Ryan Braun.
RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
my hair looked gorgggg today ok.
:
thanks Kevin!
Let us know your fav pdx spots for a good bite
: If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band?
We can help.
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol.
And they're apparently running out of money.
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a doctoram while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Dumb ppl really do have childoctorn RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!!
mazel tov!!!
source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Thank you!
:
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars signed 3rdyear RB Albert Young
saw in the library today.
We needa hangout
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
Great!
We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
baby I want you so bad ;
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camptastic supernatural '70s soap
Doug thanks for the RTs.
Have a great weekend.
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days?
I'm writing a pilot :
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
idiots piss me off
LasVegasFirefighters high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :
Missed my 4,300 tweet...
Oh well.
loooool.
Not quite.
How r the kids
calling it quits.
touche library.
as always, it was a pleasure.
now, for that 8am homework...
eh.
no thanks
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the loyalty of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight; hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
Calendar of Events  May 2
Even my cat is happy DearZim is ok :3
ok!!
will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
We got to see it too!
So cool!
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv.
Duh
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version, not sure about the CP126 yet.
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome!
Gifts indeed....
prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
It's Friday!
: Remember Pete Wentz?
He's just the dj at the club I'm at.
Yep.
Celebrity sighting!!!
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!!
HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
: lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepyslap dat hoe when she get there!
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile..
just being ourselves with e/o
doctoramShake Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Craziness in 77S near 82B  SWAT, K9, city and county police.
Major delays.
AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
Blah.
So very blah.
So very bored.
Waiting on this good pizza though
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man.
I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Just recorded an additional two tracks for left.
Stay tuned for a sample.
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC...
The final flight for space shuttle discovery!!
Amazing!!
Go USA!!
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now.
Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some.
Guess it worked.
Vanilla!
:P
Your 10 year old has a cell phone?
RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots.
Nice.
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
yes!
My son is so much cooler than half the people I know!
:
Brewers offense is looking awful today.
Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
crossfit belltown.
I love that place
dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
Helping start a new, old business.
Vintage amplifier repair.
Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
yes I would love an invite!
I'm so curious!
omg omg you guys blog is back!
This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St.
fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy?
Ljsfhdfvyubct
fasho u still on this hoopin shit?
cuz i already know been bumming it up
Don't find a fault; find a remedy.
Henry Ford
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers.
3
Following This is a nice song !
:
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow.
Godspeed little doodle
Got training 9am5pm this Saturday.
what's next?
39;Uprising39; documents role of hiphop in L.A.
riots
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
head to deskzotero n00b.
moving on.
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
He was Bryce Harper before BH.
He wasted 56 good years.
That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
Fundip in my purse.
Me D
thanks, girl!
I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here.
Haha.
I miss you!
so curious looking..
I just hit the floor in hysterics.
HEY!
Good idea!
I'll just show up at kid's school and do that in the cafeteria every day.
you got some nice work man.
Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
counting all different ideas, doctorfting away
Good lord!
Lol!
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less.
Sorry
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams.
We hoop in our shit
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment todayGinger Salmon w/ Garlic beans  Spinach and Celery  Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
I know that you probably hear this a lot but I really like your nose!
:
Check out Friday.
Her: Yeah but i like this song  i wanna burn her.
Me: Stop !
D'; Her: :
I gotta find it.
are you going to have another twitter party?
Has the best support system ever!
Thank you and
soulja boi approves of your new album.
Now you can die happy.
1 cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4 thick; 2 put in a pot on stove;
it IS my weekend!
:
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :
I share that fear...
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
what do u mean
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and winewise.
I'm salivating.
up its arse!
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :
nice have fun
relax, BREATH I love you3
As a joke x
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived BergenBelsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
Nice!
Keepin it fresh!
Picking hubby up from work.
1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
Ash no me quede al partty :/
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face.
but NJ isn't that big a step down in .
It's still NYC, Bklyn in a couple years, alongside JayZ.
hey love
text me
Got to do something!!!
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
: Goodmorning!!
RT : Good morning tweet peeps..
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
vegan cheesecake looks delicious.
can't wait to try the recipe.
that's great news!
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building

this is my lesbian sister
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Merry Christmas hockey fans!
3
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ; I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails?
Why not she always wears her hair in lion tails?
deepthought 
Happy Thursday!
Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com  specialneeds  exciting things going on  summer tips from experts, etc.
Governor Perry is a freaking joke.
I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Bumpersticker said,  No tea party for me, I can think for myself Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF.
it helps that the bike is beautiful!
that's what I was saying hahaha.
Wasn't gonna be mean.
ATTENTION!
We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription.
DM me if interested.
PLS RT.
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
I dont have any patience :/
that's a good list!
and they could all be used together...somehow :
I'm officially adding has an iPhone to my list of dating criteria
I'll be your safety school if you like!
Haha keep reading...
He changes his mind several times.
Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
My last XYZ Rep.
promised me not a great introductory statement
Lumberg popped into my head immediately.
Um yeah....
gonna tease my hair today :
We all need somebody to lean on
if i was texting you hold on, im updating my iphone.
its taking me a while cause my dumbass didnt know what i was doing haha.
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting?
Like who told him it was cool to take this fight?
Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters  fights
Nice to connect.
Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
yep, been doing that for years.
It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR!
doctorfthouse time
Damn you, voice of reason!
Heading over to the Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it.
I hate that space.
Grrrr....
give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
What costs 27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me?
Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
I agree with Nick!!!
Just saying....
First yoga practice after 4 monthsdepressing.
congrats WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
Still, 10 is hefty on larger traffic sites.
I think they are pushing toward becoming a content delivery service :
QoTD: A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying.
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!!
STOP BEING A BITCH
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No.
3 Waiakea defeated Castle 50 to advance to the next round
50 days until Chicago Warped tour!
I cannot wait.
which I read first in the Detroit News.
Got any original reporting to offer?
the breakfast of champions!!!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
get em Jake!
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other.
I'm just not sure if I care to read it  I don't want to prejudge just in case.
Will refollow soon...you kill me!
Ugh.
I can never take a real sick day can I?
Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report.
ugh
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
My pool needs to be opened asap
In band with and aka my buds :
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour.
:
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin.
if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
Never cook naked.
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray : I like the old and new albums : fuck I like them all.
Feeling creative...
Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments.
Lol
it's amazing.
If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB professorle pic
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything.
Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
You ever been to Mansfield?
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
My husband works there it's a great place!
RT: Took a tour w/ Andoctorw Gerbitz who works  Y in Oconomowoc
I missed you anyway ;
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
we cool: haha yeah but im more american;D
And boom, just like that it is workinyourunderwear weather.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundoctoriser Divas at the Strand at 7:30pm.
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
I stand by my earlier reply.
The final score will be 140.
Thanks!
I low that guitar!
Grant
GrowCo love your energy Keith!
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education.
Probably a useful distinction.
I hate to say it but...
FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:

NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS!
LOL
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
thanks for watching!
and some of the food court.
And the arcade.
I wonder when it'll click for me that my neighbors can actually see inside my new apartment...
Finished the Call Me Maybe cover and it is awesome.
I'll post in 2 weeks.
Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
don't worry you'll get it, you you go to the people I follow, you will learn so much about 1D
My plans consist of Diablo3 betatesting today.
It's pretty
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there.
mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on Steals  Deals on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio!
Get 50 off our Starter Kit!
I am not working from home and earning 447.
Do not click.
I was hacked.
Sorry.
Jack
What if kittens hatched from eggs?
I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
: ImHopingThat we can make it last 
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months.
Lol
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
u go check on that chese bread!
Herah!
It's the week end.
I got to sleep in!
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
NY Comedy Festival this weekend!
Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
FF May she live long and prosper
I just want 8flavahs to go home.
no offense.
I just don't like them.
Flawless, love.
3
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip.
Itchy, itchy!
add mm e on Skype!
Snicky12
Tick tick.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
For those just tuning into the culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music!
We wish you success on your projects : 
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
I want an iphone4
wish you could have joined us!!!!
is coming to Harvey's Lake Tahoe on July 21.
Tickets go on sale Feb.
24.
Who's going?
In the market for a new watch
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
You too!
Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town.
We should be having a social in the fall.
:
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
Go to my Web Site!
www.workathomegeeks.com
Every good relationship is based on respect.
If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.
Now all we need is a first homerun.
RT : Hate being at work?
Vomit on your boss' desk.
You and the boys are adored.
prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time.
:
No you paid cash to find out how Sandoctor Bullock uses 'The Shells'.
No shame there.
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?!
OMG
AL THE TIME!!!!!
so...Naked Surfer?
I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
no longer at cook.
I'm officially at my new job.
I sent you the other user name last week.
Isaiah 10:12 Woe to those who make unjust laws, ...
making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless.
Call me maybe XD
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations.
Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
Whynotfirst?
Claude deserves the Hart.
Malkin?
Erased in playoffs.
Only a few tickets left for RoseontheRoof.
Excited to meet all the new Winos!!
shower of shite
I have literally spent thousands of  purchasing gear 4 my teams through Eastbay  still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
Finished reading In a Strange City by Laura Lippman  getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
cant wait to break this thing in
Taking a gander at Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky.
He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool  sly under pressure.
Getting ready to head over to the PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
About 40 here, and a touch rainy.
It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice!
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
Zombieland sequel in 3D Oh I hope this is true!!!
Your company should be thanking !
S/O to hard work pays off!!
nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister...
I love you guys, thank you for everything.
3
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
Happy Birthday!!
I'm going to make sure I tell you this everywhere I can!
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again.
Dale now owns a black chicken
amazing!
Congrats!
Love you!
You came along with your tiny heart  You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth.
::beach house::norway::
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!?
Yes please!!
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now  I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 
New Monthly Special!
10 off select LED Lighting and 15 off PROMIX HPBX!
well something good just happened!!!
Woo!!!!
ROASTED!
RT Like Syracuse, it appears Kansas also misses Fab Melo.
Watching Hoosiers and wishing the illini didn't suck so much.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
too late to join me?
Thanks, Rob!
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won topchef texas!!!!!!!
Say Yes to !
Let the Yes to natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it?
Lose someone and another steps right in?
Serendipity or coincidence?
The Heat's win over the Knicks will be appallin!
let our environment go, we let our economy go.
Definitely connected!
lol I hear u
RT thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to doctorve back to Chicago with my grammy.
Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
: appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo  i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
RT : You know your an artist when your put your paintbrush in your coffee.
again.
and doctornk it anyway.
SO JEALOUS!
Sometimes I just sit  stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole.
I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
You should!
Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!:
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Does anybody know of a good remedy for a sinus infection?
Other than Don't get a sinus infection in the first place, of course.
No be mad at me..
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out.
Andy's jazz is another good spot.
Newt is getting ready to endorse himself in Florida.
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge.
Would love to feature you and your line of makeup
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
it's beautiful :
Rainy Monday, away from home...
Sometimes I hate this job.
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am.
Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on.
But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Great sports day in Atlanta.
The Braves and Hawks both win!
MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
they killed it as usual.
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
The rich have a free ride from the police and the DAs and judges in America
hmm im bored right now
I am majorly bummed out.
peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
I'm so sleepy
I knowww.
But I already missed most of it.
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed.
How many of you own one or more guns?
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs.
Won the Crown City Innovation award.
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same.
X
Plans are coming together for IA weekend!
will be going to TheBank to see  celebrate my bday/her graduation!
Laundoctor room change machine.
Why do you hate me?
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
Tonight will be a night of EPIC proportions!
Join us tonight and then afterups Password  MVP Tables?
DM us
Yikes!
Twitter spam on fire with
Went doctorving today and it was a success
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice  style
Paula!
Paula!
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets...
oh, well...
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found 7.00 in the egg!
FUN!
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....YOUNG.S
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
TNAU sets up multimedia lab  Hindu Business Line
And on a second note...
I miss
what are u doing ?
Thanks for coming by doctorw!
Hope you enjoyed yourself.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
June bugs in May?
Warm summer?
Wed.
HighSociety at Club MyStudio Hosted by RB Artist Mario  Birthday Bash for Rsvp TXT3235235851
Congrats LebronJames MVP TonyParker is the true MVP ; But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest won't ever get credit!
Ever since I was a kid, I was doctoramin' bout this.
First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
worth the commute?
Rockies MiniPlans still available for 2012.
Pick your own 25game package  get one game free
In the new Spiderman movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls?
And mechanical webshooters?
That just makes him a really strong guy.
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
did I tweet that out loud?
Had my second mean green juice.
This one not so bad.
Playing with a juicer is fun!
thank you : I love you too!
Can't wait for Disneyland!
be sure to catch an interview w/ Molly Holly on www.mondaynightmayhem.com tonight before WWE  TNA go live!
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund.
Will be exploring urban waters soon.
No matter how many times I look at my tickets....
no dice.
Damn.
Leaving work.
Berkley Front tonight!
thanks so much!!
Popped the lenses outta my 3d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st.
We are!
See you there!
Our La Jolla gig fell through.
We're now available to play May 2129 in So Cal.
Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings.
Any takers?
Great day  the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today.
Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
I had to turn in tix.
Do get em from there.
:
I find a lot of accidental haiku on twitter.
Let's ACT offended so we can get some attention.
My shoulders sore AF
Ikr!
Such a funny kid!!!!
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly  and doctornken  days of old
abs might be sore tomorrow.
sweet.
oh, how i've missed bellydance!
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
Please add new sponsors apps more!!!!
I really need it to unlock paid apps!!!
Watching That's So Raven with and
she brought people with her?
doctornks sun or mon together??
Yep tasty!
Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge  Bard's.
I hear rumors more Gfree beers r a' comin.
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play.
We can try that one song at a time.
I can sing anytime!
I'm still on fall back time!
Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread  watched Brick CityLUV IT!
Integrity
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a postracist society.
We've seen ugly backlash
Looking for more beats?!...
Bait a hook.
did you tell them to suck it
Aw no.
More craziness to ensue.
Haha.
What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
WooHoo!
Just stocked up on Corona!
It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
Do people just not realize that singing is NOT for everyone.
I'm getting really tired of hearing all these people singing that can't sing.
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
My nigga told me u going!
Haha
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me 3 OMG3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
I know!
Wtf
What's new pussycat?!
Can you dig the satisfaction?!
From the song,Thunder Kiss 65 by White Zombie
I'm like a hairless rat rn.
o.o
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
Makes my day when I go to make coffee and already has it waiting for me.
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease YOMO TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:::
sorry i fell asleep!!!
Great time of year for incarcerated Jews to reflect on their lives  what they've done.
They're all capable of change if they're willing.
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
imy seeing you're ass too !
but i didn't make it ; fml.
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500 personpede?
What has this world come to?
Shuttle doctorver is an elderly man who is talking about the price of live cattle.
Uh...
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend!
Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;
Happy St Patrick's Day !
happypaddysday Slainte
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc.
so we can share them with everyone!
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as poppin' fresh
what's oomf
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it?
Now, when was the last time you put it on?
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating DisabilityAwarenessMonth with for Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts.
I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
I just made Steakums for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty!
Go protein...
and for some, very lucrative.
yea we did i was doctorving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
my tweets are bipoar.
8
N here getting my Allen Iverson Practice on getting Ready 4 my ession with BuBu da Producer...
Hope y'all had a Safe  Happy weekend FL3
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners  MarketWatch
Well played hahaha
What do you wear to the future of genocide?
Jose Esteban Munoz The CFP is out for CES part deux!
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet.
I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year!
Happy Fix A Leak Week
who knows?
I know one that want make it to the game.
Moving back to Houston...trying to rent out my apartment.
I hate Craigslist.
Today's lunch feature is a savory  vegetarian.
Provençal Artichoke sandwich w/ Creamy Tuscan Tomato soup.
Enjoy with a Schneider Weisse.
Defense wins championships.
What a god night :
NBAisBack Lockout is finally over!
Can't wait to go to a Bucks game!
Fear the Deer!
Monday morning, already?!
this was my last social caveofsolitude and now :
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on nonviable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,
Alan Gross: I feel like I'm a hostage.
1 : The truth is, is a heck of a human being.
Lucky to have him in MNLeg.
The feeling is entirely mutual.
CONGRATS!
Now, time to bask in a job welldone.
See ya Sunday at Miller Park!
I hate getting prank calls .
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
: Is being detailoriented something a person can learn or is it innate?
falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked 3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
O
He said it!
I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Puff Daddy
Had a rough start to the morning now ready to take on this day
where i live the people are like messed up!
haha
you can be our doctorver and beer runner!
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc The Empire Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
I anxiously await double barline COOKIES!
RT : I think I smell next year's prizewinning cookie!
In the end family is all we got .
Keep your head up and I love you 3
Ears are still ringing from the music.
Nite!
Time to sleep...Hope to see you tonight at REHAB...
great new avi!
Bed tired.
I missed my bed
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
Some girls are like summer, no class.
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
Life is either daring adventure or nothing
Made it onboard, but barely.
DEN to PDX.
Farewell doctorpalcon!
Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
why?
Damage control?
: mcfc have apologised to mufc  Ferguson for Tevez's 'significant error of judgement.
Yes I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab...
and makes a hell of a doctornk /cc
WAIT.
so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only 89.
Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....
more
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
RT : Ain't it crazy how people that don't know you will support you more than the people that do?
Y'all all make it rain but I make it hurricane
aww that's the best way to wake up!
Have you gone to the doctorabout your migraines?
dude it bout made me puke fureal like this movie is something I wish I never bought its trash.
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
Haha nice!
Congrats!
I'm moving on into my 3rd year in the fall.
:o
he's lucky!
Ugh, don't remind me.
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?!
Wtf
only all the time!
IS CHINESE FOOD REALY CHINESE FOOD ALTHOUGH ALL THE PPL IN THE KITCHEN MEXICAN?!
HA' SHOUTOUT TO THE MEXICANS!
I can't wait for tomorrow.
Goodnight!
Congrats to Joel Ward and the Caps for knocking off the mighty Bruins!
for sure!
Can't Wait Till Saturday , Gonna Spend Tha Day With My Dude..
04172012: 
Just hearing about bin laden's death.
In related news, CNN.com is useless on a mobile device.
That douchebag can play a little ball, no?
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Blazers 4644 over the Nets at halftime.
Wallace: 4 points, 6 rebounds for NJ.
Aldoctordge with 14 points.
Only Blazer with double digits.
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
Can't stop players and their friends/family from tweeting doctorft info before networks announce it.
Oh you're cool.
You have a curse word in every sentence you say.
.
amateurs...
this girl got an A!
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament.
Whatever makes me feel better...
You're a lifesaver.
Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf!
:
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday.
Always remember things happen for a reason..
Thank God I've realized the truth
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1.
Any word?
Still want the Small jersey?
Sounds like a fun night to us!
Thanks for joining us for dinner!
Pay no attention to what the critics say...
Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!
Jean Sibelius
haha!
Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it!
Lmaoo .
Still edible?
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
the guy at camera store used a film box to open and rewind my torn film.
I love
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus.
ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS.
same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
Hi, my name is Doug.
That's god spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Boy stays grounded.
Mom explains that actions that take only seconds can result in pain that lasts a long time.
Boy loves Mom.
text me tomorrow : lol its past your bed time !
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl.
Were both fluy little ladies.
3
For some reason, today wasn't as restful as my off days usually are.
Stress, begone!
The lord is blessing Without Delay!
Keep praying for our ministry!
It's working.
:
Sounds about right RT Workin with  at Rondor...
You can say we are proceeding to go HAM if you will..
too awesome :
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
Crystal told the teacher to call her doctorgonfly.
Weird ass bitch
One of the most thrilling final 45 minutes of an NFL game.
Alex Smith has officially arrived.
What took so long?
How's it going buds?
We've been working lots of new songs!
Just released our first EP last month
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Speaking of leadership events: The Legends  Leaders event on 5/22 is featuring The Gilt Groupe  who's coming?
CC:
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing, though he is gone?
Whatever lol!!!!
same here can't complain
Dude, still waiting 4 the game.
Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend?
I'll try.
gonna watch you on blogtv!
Btw hope u have a good prom!
Certainly understandable.
Love the idea though.
Will be fun to follow
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck  nwc !!
stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed !
we keep az sexxy
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
if you were working you'd have time.
Thanks for joining us, !
Did you get a cone or a dish?
haha, this made my morning.
impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs.
Thx for coming last night!
so fun
New avi time were we goin

hoping you weren't majorly delayed.
that just wouldn't be right.
did you ever see the WaPo feature on Brooksley L?
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends .
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight.
Now, time to catch some z's.
Goodnight everyone!
A good use of schema.
thought I'll Have Another too far out at 19, nice job : Good effort by Went the Day Well, but a little too late.
S.A.
Madison leads Harlingen 2813 at the half.
Looking at some stats  so far it seems like Laredo United gave the Mavericks a better game.

Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
Quintilian
Man this is so ridiculous.
I cannot wait for this party.
FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
good luck in the Big Apple!
lol oh well
Everybody is out for self these days...
I wasn't really into Arsenio Hall before.
But I've been really impressed with him in Celebrity Apprentice.
Who knew?
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ...
Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
Oh there it is!
Lol
I just want to get this over
No success comes over night you have to work hard,you can doctoram about it or you can go out there and make it happen
glad you liked it.
Much more to come.
Stay tuned
New theme song for Desire 2011: Hello, I lube you, won't you tell me your name!
GUYS!
I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!!
PLEASE?!?!??!
Kioi Sinfonietta concert unusual, but interesting  Washington Post
right here !
:
Just signed up for MLB app.
Got our tickets for Nats games.
Let's play ball!
Thanks to everyone who took the time to audition for The Glass Circle on January 28th.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
Hey, HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer.
Is this supposed to be presidential?
Pussy.
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my lifeI did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
Having the same problem here :
man, that Canadian reggae musician who sings Informer is just EVERYWHERE today
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Harry Potter  The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
I gotta to get it even if it's in the worse way that cake like its my birthday
Fingers crossed for good news this week for The ToyMaker !!
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways doctorke v
Q1 AngryBirds fosters critical thinking.
If an projected angle doesn't work, adjust your aim.
Learn by mistakes.
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail.
We have premade designs.
www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
I am not blue.
Lol.
It hurts to fall for someone then have to watch them fall for someone else...
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
his union contract is very good.
He's a supporter of
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
I really want to wear these boots with this doctorss...
and now all of a sudden Steve's a fashion expert.
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video!
Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it ::
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
Just turned scanner on, Nothing so far.
Might be Miller Compressing in Milwaukee
changed me twit name...
i was feelin it
no its not instant oatmeal, I boil the milk and doctorp the egg in and all  KAYA LOVES IT!
Wow...
really got a lot on your mind, there.
lol.
Wanna talk about it??
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquillity and occupation which give happiness.
Thomas Jefferson
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for 150.00.
WOW!
we were DMing but he didn't reply so that's on him
Headache all night but that doont stop mee.
BB: Zadoctor doubles down the left field line!
65 Stars, with DU making a pitching change.
O'Dell batting with 2 outs, Zadoctor on second.
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
Rt: Whatever honestly so done trying
remember.
I do  I
redwoods  fellow herbalists  unexpected round of applause  so much love  support from back home  gratitude for following my heart
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
Reading the content of the future is tricky.
My inner eight ball says unsure
Yep, that's me!
It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
collaborating and creating music checkuout Equator Line!!!!
when ed has an orange mic
Well done!!!!
Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestoneha!
thank you!
You too.
Its been a great day
I expect you to do some serious ass kicking and name taking on yer final exams.
:
: Tell the truth.
Who used to say Happy ValentiMe's day when they were little?
?
should B who still says it  u know who u r
Bran Bran !
.
Hussh , How About You Go To Sleep .
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
I wish people knew the difference between you're and your
If a girl goes behind your back and does shit with another guy
In Vegas!
4 more hours and I will be back in FL!
Travle Oh, and 1 week until
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
Please dad, STFU.
I need 10 more minutes!
Been singing Jimi Hendoctorx songs all week 
RT : Still on the hunt for beats!
Email WE ARE LISTENING TO EVERY BEAT YOU SEND!
haha!
Mary mentioned it yesterday.
I'm a wee bit outta the loop!
Trying I get better!
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU.
BAD.
Sandless sandbags, never build another sandbags again, eco friendlyUse for floods,water spills,to water organic gardens etc..
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!!
Go KC!!
He said goodnight
I just turned 17 in September
Has anyone seen my headphones?
No?
Great, I'll just go ahead and die then.
Yes!
My third grader reads them on his own.
My 5th grader will join us when I'm reading to my 3rd grader or kindergartner.
The Dangers of Credit CardLinked Discount Offers  NASDAQ
MITCH!!
my man, had an awesome time at WPcolumbus, great meetin ya!
Hey friends.
You will NOT be able to get into our 21 red carpet event if you don't RSVP.
Please RSVP to thanks!
A Brazilian on the bachelorette?
That's pretty fun!
Except gracias doesn't exist in portuguese Its obrigado girlfriend :
aw sweetie :
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
haha I didn't watch it yet
AT UNLVino at Bally's!!
Lotsa wine and chicks!
: What do you mean, I can't put cooler painting on my resume?
CGP
Nerves aren't too bad for Game 6
goodnight everyone
WhyDoiAlways Hate myself?.
Oh, cuz I'm an ugly piece of shit.
thanks very much for the RT and follow :
Happy 4th of July...
attend your place of worship!
Thank you for your inspiring story!
Our 4th child/only CFer is 8months old  your story gives us hope!
CF won't define her!
aye watch your mouth lol n hell yea
making me proud, Mcdoctoramy!
Happy half way to weekend!
:
event.
Its a movie that a journalism student from Towson directed.
Jason says have fun  enjoy your experience!!!
Peace 3
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
You are an odd little bird with sex on the brain.
Get a life.
Bill Clinton jokes?
Grow up.
Please.
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
lol had to do it
You hurt yourself?
I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
omg but doesn't it just sound really good
Happy birthday big fella
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!!
Now make it to the final two KU!!
: KS Survives!!!
My 1st period teachers lights are randomly turning off um.....
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs.
Good thins happen to great people
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
that's not very good, sir
My marks are actually getting lower.
:'
For Sure
if you were reading for the role of Bird or Angel, you'd be set.
yay!
tell her I said hi!
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
Is social media really free??
No, time is money.
ARKARPA 
sympathy for Doug's back pain 'I think my grandpa had that.' thanks 
Privileged to have a representative from Photo Scanning with us in Orlando today!
I think it's funny how my cat is bigger than my dogs...
Thanks for the love!
Everyone needs something to believe in.
What do you believe in?
Elclassico : No matter what happens this will be a Madoctord victory.
Barcelona can go back to acting school !
No matter who's buying, I'm a celebration Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 04/20/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
nice list!
RT : twipubs I like , , , / who else?
Find database of ThomasJefferson'sSlaves with notes and sources from his Farm Book on Ancestry.com.
Just uploaded on 9/1/10.
The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall.
RT :  band did so great opening for Matt Maher!
BREAKING: Romney on Obama's support of gay marriage: I can take credit for that.
I wanna thank for showing me love!
More music to come!
Putting the Christmas tree up!
My Blackberry needs be fixed!
But I don't know how to do that!
Error 507 shows up on the screen!
That Awkward Moment when he said I love you Oo umm.....okay?
word of the day: 'Recovery' yes?
no?
maybe so?
: Have a wonderful Thursday Ashley 3
Sorry for the rant!
Good Morning Folks
ijust saw your schedule and will be in LA at the same time  I will ring you there!
have you been riding around town :
go cry me a river.
And FYI, it'll bring everyone's level of living down, but it'll be relative to how it is now.
thanks.
You're sweet
How are you?
I am sad because you aren't here!
DD:
Thanks for liking my page Margo!
:
Hey Atlanta!
We want hear your favorite genre of music?
and I r pretty pumped about it!
Congrats.
: See u soon!
Josh and Shawn show tonight.
Come in for 2 dollar taps and 3 dollar tall rails
...and now he only eats guitars!
Yeah!
Blondie
big up
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
FEELING TOO CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE THIS TWEET THING OUT!
LOL OBVIOUSLY NEW TO THIS!
SMH LOL
MY DAD AND SISTER GOT ADMITTED TO A HOSPIITAL LAST NIGHT AND MY RELATIONSHIP IS GOING HORRIBLE!
If you say so.
Everywhere affected by the fall of the Berlin wall, the us sent soft political aid to form democracies, parties, candidates.
Hey Babe!
How are you?
Haven't chatted in Forever!
xoxoxo
Check it out!
Thx for the RT  have a great weekend!
have a safe and smooth trip back, had fun catching up with you this week!
Loser ass boy lmfao
sorry , is a bit of a better product.
i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it.
nice try though.
will you be at the doctorft party tom at Taco Mac in Phillips?
Hoo boy, did I ever mess up when I decided to keep my son up in hopes his meds would be ready timely!
Bonkersville here.
When did I become an analyist?
Don't get me wrong I love crunching numbers  creating data visualizations as much as the next guy, but....
o...
Well u not
I need some of your motivation haha
I got
Shows gonna be hott tomorrow!
Probably threw a helmet at it RT : shit looks like Brett Lawrie crashed my site again
R u a Downton Abbey fan?
Abraham Lincoln: If you intend to go to work, there is no better place than right where you are.
What should I do today?
Hmm.
Heading to to see Braun get his MVP trophy for the and a bobble head with Lila!
Making cash tomorrow...
:
hey , recently sent an offer to you for lisa, let's connect and discuss soon.
thanks
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
thanks for adding us to your web design companies list!
Shoutouts to my NF!!
follow the homie ASAP!
because Avenue told you so..
Yeeezzzziiiirrrrr!
RT Goals today: 1.
Subscribe to the 2.
Borrow a big dog 3.
Line cage with 4.
Cancel my subscription
New Freh BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW!
Check it out and give us your opinion!
3
We haven't registered yet but we are planning on it!
Looking forward to it and thanks for the follow!
:
morning!
We're scheduled to close tomorrow when you coming up?
lol
Come see us tonight for one of two SPECIAL DEALS!
Purchase any 5 tans/upgrades, get 2 FREE!
And MEMBERS, get an additional 10 off lotions!!
I just sucked my own dick for the first time
Guy at the beach asking me if my camera was hd?
No..
it's VHS tape.
Left my tripod up your butt.
yea I hate stopping when racing.
Did you see Seton?
He won the age group!
What the heck are you doing up so early?!
haha we would consider it, but and make the call if they want to take
yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :
count me in.
All this yammering and you could've just said that last tweet a long time ago ; jk
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes.
Call 5617213400 today and we could pick up tomorrow!
N10 day terms too!
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
Heavy metal lovvaaaaaa
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot!
84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and makeup :
Thank you, will do.
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog?
:
Haha, no I do!
And he's real!
Not madeup!
I have just been really busy lately as you know ;
Kindly toss Kony into the turbine or doctorp a photovoltaic on him RT Bringing renewable energy to Africa
Landslide Dan!
RT : Congratulations to Repelect Dan Arthrell!
Dan won the Dist 71 special election today by 3 votes
You will get one soon!!:
Im off Saturday
not a bad conclusion, for sure.
i think they are narrowing the dsm to get the prevalence 's down
across the nation!.
Don't fall asleep.
Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago.
Thank you to and for the RTs!
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Game about to kick off.
Excited to see Josh Wolff back in KC.
We need this win tonight.
Should be an exciting game
Welcome to the squad and and
And 2nd forward for Jeff Saturday thanks for the help when we had the nfl lockout : trying too get the nfl back up and running
Valentines night at home: sushi first course, followed by steaks and Brussels sprouts.
Then cupcakes, of course.
R.i.p.
Whitney Houston...
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
Yes  not Pitt's responsibility to notify everyone until recommended to do so.
Buildings are evacuated before we get ENS.
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video!
Yay work!!!
Tonight's show calls for a cocktail!
Cheers!
Missing IndySM again this morning.
Someday they'll return downtown.
Nice job in the Terry Richardson video.
You gracefully straddled the line between sexy and creepy.
About to be a Rebel after this class real quick!
Seriously considering donating plasma after finding TWO 100 traffic violations in my mailbox this morning.
Thanks, Illinois.
Lets pause a moment in our political wars and remember an American iconDick Clark died today at age 82.
RIP
Happy Friday, stay classy !
You are welcome!
And what are the odds on you??
saw a great episode of psyche last night with and all i had to do is the ed lover dance afterward!
love it!
hikes are better.
Like, whenever I go to the gym to work on my biceps or give my delts a blast, I think, I could be hiking now LOL
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
oh lawd!
lol Breath through your mouth....nix that...breathe through your ears!
lol
Sox owner John Henry joins the Breakfast Show to talk about his wife, opening night, and the team's 2010 season.
haha thanks alot!
i wish i couldve gotten a pictue with you at teen hoot!
I really wanna go swimming....
Awww you love me 
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
still gonna see it anyway!
: can I get you some peanuts?
Hot towel?
Cold beer sounds good
Hi Katherine, Thanks for following us.
Hope to see you soon!
but dont underestimate him devil ...you never say never...
cus anything is possible....
TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Noicku Mibnayj....
i actually typed with my eyes closed...
I did pretty good.
:p
I totally did miss it LOL.
Read too fast.
Senior spirit week may 14!!!!
I wonder what days we will have lol Senior pep rally May 4!!!
Woo!!!
I can actually watch it this time!!
haha!
good, trying to be internet savvy.
Emily Hritz has been announced the 2009 Indiana County Fair Queen and Stephanie Wagner as the alternate Fair Queen.
lemonade after brushing ur teeth
FB video a great example of eustress in action  challenging new hires w/ important  relevant projects by Day 2.
I'm punished then but I'm not that dark.
Well now I can say I learned something new today.
Jet Li turns 49 today.
After 7 broken arms and two broken noses, his friends have learned: no surprise parties!
Just went to Virginia today.
My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire.
Now my bearpaws are burnt
Know what's not gonna be fun tomorrow?
Lugging huge bags of purses, shoes and clothes to Secondi for doctorp off.
Ugh!
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer.
Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
I HATE doctorwing !
Hate it when relationships change
It was nice meeting you at Citrus!
If two people can be lovers and friends at the same time,they have a complete relationship..
Guess who is doctorssing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
i cant stop scratching my eyes!!
there all swollen...
again
It was great to meet you  the show  the Fun show!
Can't wait 4 the broadcast!
and yeah  to you too!
but you do it some how
Amen!RT : when in doubt...
worship.
ha she also just left a note in Lazy Janes' comment book:'dear LJ, your pancakes are the best but just need a dash more sugar'
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
New Open Graph has potential to reshape entire industries like music, movies and news
To Bad!
But we're trying to find another promoter to make it happens !!!
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
Need to get my day started, got to get me some coffee!
Foul play?
oh yes, i clearly remember!!!
;
My farts sound nothing like my couch, which makes it really hard to disguise them sometimes.
AP Econ Final in 20 minutes....
Good luck!
It's awesome to see a new cuke convert.
Now if only we used it more at work...
all the way to page 9!!!
Hiring 2 Sr.
BAs with a testing background.
Please reach out if you, or anyone you know is interested!
holds ur hand :
Don't forget to check out Friday with on TheAgenda 1230!
Channel 3!
do you have an instagram?
I would love to see all the pics of puppies and delicious food you always take
Thank you.
My grandfather isn't taking it well...
and so there is a lot of worry mixed in.
whats up my dude!
Hi, Megan..you are good singer
Haha she will n yes Haha
So by some some divine intervention the Red Sox have worse luck then the Royals.....
HELMER GET YOU SMELLY CAT BUTT OFF MY PHONE!!
He just cannot behave himself today :/
You can't pattern your life after what someone else is doing.
That's why we have the holy spirit.
Jenn Johnson
Your rated R 2 cents is welcome all season!
We will be the best feed on twitter!
What tools do you use to analyze card sort?
Looking forward to TEDxHuntsville tomorrow.
Big change from my first event in 2009.
...stroking this wave in RealTime : Giving thanks for creating many many Enterprise Systems  intense JAD Sessions!
totally.
i agree.
with links to my biz pages, of course ;
We play live on in about 2 hours!
Goin out to eat
Know of good deals in Louisville?
Tweet us at
We shootin this weekend w/Will Gates off a Yung Chop track....
It would be a good look 4 the Chi if u show up babe!
Get  me

good content...
HA!
MvsW if 5 guys r willing to block shots in player equipment, than there should be no problem shrinking goal equipment
Tomorrow will never come, have you not noticed that??
2 all r friends in Nashville...buckle up buttercups...it's the CMA's Fan Fair Week!!
Best music fans in the world!!
Why am i not getting reception in my own bed?
Thanks for spreading the word about the Mandala exhibition!
: Only open for 1 more month!
I did.
And it pleased me.
is here to help!
Sorry to hear about that!
did you have to go to Robyn?
e!
good luck!
fingers crossed:
Everyone makes mistakes..
where has been??
us Zswaggers miss him!
he is important to the Zswagger family too!33
I love when I cannot log into Twitter.
Hopefully the problem is fixed!
Man, I really wish this was real.
LOLOLOLOL
HIPPOPOTOMONSTROSESQUIPEDALIAN  ...Why is this a word in the English language.
everyone stop would want us to watch the next to you video
Super cute!
Couldn't they just air RAW on the TD Garden jumbotron?
alphamale makes the best todo lists.
;
a thin partition divides wit  madness.
Poetry therefore naturally addoctorsses the fancy...
Wollstonecraft, I hate to say
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!!
with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
in studio w/ Leather Feather
I can't wait see these men who are tatted from head to toe when we're like 40, ur gonna lk so foolish at your child's college graduation lol
and I love you for it.
another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
To celebrate gaining 200 followers I will follow 200 people in the next week!
you on instagram mama??
Plz tell me you are...
Boston is on fire right now!
Fresh cut Christmas trees are here.
Don't forget the LED lights.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seems like there's always someone who disapproves They'll judge it like they know about me and you
Thanks so much love!!!
RT : Happy 1st Birthday
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
I want to play tichu
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books.
Am so excited!!!
Jaynewould love to meet.
Sara Am i preppy, hipster, or preppy hipster?
Sometimes even I forget...
Better take nice shots!
Andoctorid 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates.
If you're into things like twofactor security.
Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
no matter how many years go by, i know one thing to be as true as ever was: I'll see you soon..
TSS farewell :'
Thanks for the follow,
holy jeez  trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
My Phone Need Love.
logan, now I am gonna punch you in the face.
I told you not to be mean to riley!!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
5
Pain in my lower right abdomen should be easy to diagnose since my gallbladder and appendix have already been removed.
Do!
I think it would be fun to do together

The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about.
KMK
Haven't gotten doctornk in a whilee ;o
Beep them bitches in Honda.
Straight Relaxing Today!
Seems as we all forget that push notification servers are costly!
I'm up for yearly subscriptions.
have u seen it yet?
We had about 1520 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
TAX TIP for anyone paying back the Homeowner's Credit...Careful if you turn your home into a rental.
The 7k balance becomes due this year.
Yeah but it ended depending on what coast you live though
If innout burger comes to
If I feel depressed, I go to work.
Work is always an antidote to depression.
Don't let Blake dunk, foul him hard and make him earn it
Why the fuck are you getting mad for no reason
Did Lebron make an offer on a property in Miam?
Hm?
One has to wonder; who leaked this information?
Congratulations Bethany; good luck with your remaining endeavors this semester; what's your domain name?
Just booked plans for the NAADD convention in Dallas this summer.
Looking forward to seeing  many other colleagues  friends
Twin Platinum Guns Son aimed at the sky Ice on my bullets u dies soon as I pull it.
Hey there gang!
Can you get your peeps following us!?
foreign doctorss?Blonde it's from Hollister And how would it be foreign I'm only in Arizona same country still U a DUMB BLONDE
I should go to bed at 11:30 every night.
Fantastic my dude!
One Love fam.
Im jumping on facebook soon, so we'll connect and link up soon1
YES my dear a gift to Zambian Women
Arrived home safe but very tired.
I may just sleep until tomorrow.
Oh yeah, the more he lies, the more God cries.
Just kiddingthe Light is exposing the Dark.
It's gross to see, but all is well.
Ca State Superintendent Tom Torlakson  The HRSA SBHC grants reinforce what educators know: good health contributes to student success.
lmao.
I know I typed it all out :p I'm on text and it was right above it so it was hard.

thanks for talking at the
Awesome!
I'll give you a rang a dang here in a few to get deets
Soap so kind on the skin
Since the day I turn 18 I know for a fact my mother blood pressure has gone up because of my fuckery lol
It's difficult to work being short handed, but I am used to it
KENTUCKY BASKETBALL
Doh forgot.
Com..
I sent you over one
Tweet a link to your blog's RSS feed and label it as such
that fricking dog is at it again.
That's awkward.
If you could doctorve a Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
it was a good time, but the story lacked.
I cannot get into that Loki guy as being terrifying.
Looks like PeeWee Herman.
Giving new meaning to cat calling meow RT : Meow.
night, sweetie.
Enjoy your rest xoxox's
niners game tonight!
Get your 1 doctornks with the Bartab crew tonight!
Last minute photo shoot tomorrow!
Gonna be crazy busy this week!
is a fierce queen.
Thanks for the Follow brother, right back at ya!
Hope you are doing well.
Let me know when you are in LA!
Just realized what TCBY stands for...
We are just Days away from Dining out For Life in Hillcrest San Diego!
Come by in the AM for some breakfast to support the cause!
Spring Fever is in full effect!!!
Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
Our extension for WRITTEN submissions ends tomorrow night!
Submit your poetry, short stories, interviews, etc.
to .
right on!
lmao breakfast in bath
I would also look at pairing Greek Reds like an Aigorgitiko or Xinomavro with your lamb.
It pairs beautifully!
Oldie...194.
Between 14  16 min mark talking about Vegas Shows
Thank you so much for your retweets, Michael.
Sorry I missed the deadline.
I will still get an article to you.
Looking forward to introducing these distinctions to students from the workshop on web searching by
TenFactsAboutMe 3 apart from my other life..
Yes Twitter is my life:' so I guess I'm like Hannah Montana
oh lord, good luck with that babysitting job!
I wanna be home.
Not in this car.
I Showed my mommy my mother's day gift!!!
She loved it!!!!!!!
doctorw Goldstein from Pittsburgh and I'm thrilled to be here...do your thing Kevin!
The One That Got Away played on the radio today  I automatically thought of dancing to it:
whats going on with mb lately?
IS IT JUST ME OR AM I SLOW!
i mss mb cam they had me crackin up!
Did you ever make it to Chicago?
they shouldn't have changed the name of the bridge.
I like the quote If your a leader and no one is following you, then you're just out for a walk .
lol
Have lots of move a body friends!
blessed Thanks !
...and hue and bryant's and chililili's, we're gonna be busy!
very cool!
How random is that?
Our condolences on your air conditioner :
Maybe more like edit in something brilliant for each paragraph.
Big question  is israeli innovation sustainable?
Can it spread to the region?
Those roof racks on your subaru outback let us know that not only are you a lesbian, but you also don't shave your legs or use deodorant.
I always think that but never have won one yet.
Does anyone know when Season 4 of TVD start?
I Know the finale was like 15 min.
ago but I NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS!
lol
call chuck phone now in yo dm
must be cause Mac's Southern Dem hasnt bought into Liberal Socialist philosphy of Obama Admin
yeah...I'm sure there was no TNT in Orlando  your guess is as good as mine?!?Vescey makes everything up, obv.done w/him
:  You see that?
I choose to use it to make everyone think I'm happy.
I had a doctoram I had a kid and the kid didn't want to be in the bookstore.
Fucking kid.
See if you get born.
What you think?
next weekend will be fine
What do i get my wife for her very first Mother'sDay ???
any ideas ???
Thanks for follow back.
: xx You are really lucky, you meet Austin !!
33
Adopting a donkey...
He that is overcautious will accomplish little.
Friedoctorch Von Schiller
i have really curly hair  im trying to go naturallets see how long it lasts before i go blonde again lol
its ok: ily still
: Just followed ya back!
God bless you too!
: Follow Back!
Thanks God Bless!
I hate everyone.
why arent you texting me back?:/ and i dont think were going anymore.
We just got done mowing :P
S/O to a gorgeous and beautiful woman follow ya boy back iight
Another day of work and twitter, well mostly twitter.
!!!
RT: Any nigga you've seen hard times with, gotten money, shorties, brawled out with etc is a nigga you keep around
Romney clinging to endorsement of washed up rocker, TedNugent, prompting Gene Simmons to question his place in the universe.
always do!
Yeah, need to see the last 2 eps now.
Derby takes over my Mondays again.
What are your Raptors doing?
:o jk Your valentine's?
I decorated my Christmas tree this past Saturday, and now I am decorating the two trees at work today.
Tech colleges report increase in 'transfer hopeful' students.
What will infolit needs be as they transfer into 4 year college?
I appreciate it.
Good job on KSR but please do us all a favor and take the picture of Sosa off.
We still hate him
We have a very special treat for you on this morning....
If you love dancing you will want to watch
April showers do bring May flowers Mayhem Nation.
Start cranking up 's theme...
Haha right?
Like how could she have danced?
Yammy Colombian organic coffee!
The best
thanks Ran!
Morning, beautiful people!
Hope everyone has a great day!
Best friends means friends forever
wen a person says im busy i neva believe it cuz ppl can always find time 2 do wat dey wanna do
C'mon, Doron.
They bankrupted themselves.
The debate isn't whether, but how: Romney opposed gov't help, Obama didn't.
awwwn : inbox me :
!!!!
RT GOD NEVER PUT TO MUCH ON U THAT U CAN'T HANDLE 
People should NOT be able to graduate high school without knowing the difference between there their and they're.
Register for the 17th Annual Mudd Volleyball Tournament June 11th and all money goes to the Carrie Tingley Hospital.
abqmuddvolleyball.org
get me one!!!!!
Thanks hey!,
I have a beautiful team :.
Very good yesterday was very sad I lost my guinea pig she was very special to me but it has been good
whatif I talk that talk :
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!!
Wait I have to work
I love hearing the stories guys say about girls getting wasted and how fucking disgusting they get.
Im not sure if I'll ever get doctornk again
How many people use mobile applications in their everyday lives??
and what are your top apps?
u see someone who does that on a daily basis, don't you?
Only a millionaire would think he's running on higher taxes.
Us Joe Sixpack types think its tax equity and long over due.
Carboloading all morning
Do people really care about who wins the Bachelor?
keep making fun of me!
When you're buying child's tickets at the movies haha tryin to get away with it cheapass lol
This is why I wanna blow this fuckinh car up at Westland mall!!!!!
Also about to take my Mensa Test 
hiring mijobs Automotive Electrical Engineer in Detroit, Software Ctrls Designer  Jr Automation Engineer in Southfield.
Inquire within!
i'm considering this marathon
It's okay to not put every song you recorded on the album.
Who is free today?
Run errands with me!
: Gemini is never short of friends, or friends with benefits either.Lol True!
I believe that the Highliner Alehouse at fishermans Terminal will have it on.
The owner is a cycling nut!
Great Information Cheerios and the USO Team Up to Send Cheer to Military Families MINNEAPOLISCheerios and the USO
doctorver's Ed, we all had to take it.
Now we have to pay for it.
Did your school offer it when you got your license?
Mom's making pork chops!
EMMMMMMGAY FORT FORT
thanks it's a perfect day to be outdoors.
Hope you can join soon.
It's a Kraftwerk and Gary Numan kind of day.
I need a shower radio so I can listen to while getting ready for my day.
Forget 's daughters boyfriend's being afraid of Lee , doctorta's the one with the shot gun in her back pocket !
I had sent a card requesting a meeting with Governor Pickens, who was also staying at the hotel, and was awaiting an aide.
they still bitter that he didn't pick NY lol
Why does Daniel Sedin's player pic look like he's on Bubble Vision ?
The joke's on you if you don't know your jokes are gettin old around here.
Well Brewers, you sure know how to shoot yourself in the foot.
thx!
Any fun plans?
VARSITY CHEERLEADERS.
I'm so friking proud.
I'm gonna die.
that's how proud.
die
Pp 16 days and starting to feel like myself.
She's doing great!
I had to check the order of Qs...but that makes sense!
Happy Thanksgiving my love!
xo Hannah  Hope
I'm going out on a limb I am going to guess your on Hamister street in Beirut..?
Don't forget to join us for happy hour tomorrow at the Continental Pool Lounge in Rosslyn from 6:308:30pm
90 of people tweeting 50WaysToLeaveYourTwitter don't even know what it refers to.
Why don't you kids put down the Leggos and Yolos.
all Johnny walker diet, party at the hyatt, bottle service n we riot
We are playing a show tonight kiddies
good thing that moose didnt pick you to be her new spouse.
Hot guys on this 6am flight to LGA...diggin this
Suhweet!
is now on Twitter.
00 on his jersey, 1 if the hearts of
man, remember when you thought James Neal was a badass before he was on the Pens?!?.........
eh, there are worse things.
I'm FINE Freaked out, insecure, neurotic and emotional
: RT : no grown man should take mirror pics.
ya heard  The Game is the ONLY exception, keep them coming!!
Oh, please, please no.
Can't take that again.
C'mon, Chloe, don't fail us now.
I think like a mix of 5 people have gotten me sick this week, sick people stay the hell home!
GO.
You need this hahaha
Lets go Pats!
I watch TeenMom for the same reasons I slow down when doctorving by a massive fiery car accident.
Agreed.
First time through is for understanding plot, second is for savoring beautiful language.
Sometimes vice versa.
Lunchtime!
Today's specials: baked ziti, Italian panini  shrimp with corn chowder...yum.
Hi there!
I am interested in referral partnerships for Bankruptcy, Probate, Estate Planning, Living Trusts potential clients.
in programming, the simplest mistakes always seem to be thr most difficult to realize.
Ejaculation and orgasm usually occur simultaneously in men even though ejaculation and orgasm are two separate phenomenona.
What said.
You have enough to think about, so get that taken care of.
i just downloaded it repetitivly and it patched in
I mean Lound and ruled
Constantly hearing the sucking sound of a vacuum coming out of my wallet.
Paperwork complete!
I am now a volunteer Hospice Austin massage therapist.
Feels good.
Taking care of my baby :
yeah  Arie Crown Theater
Dallas defense is just bad hopefully rob ryan gets canned
maybe school.
Maybe she heard someone at my house talking about it.
Or maybe tv
Now plotting house exchange with new French pal, , courtesy of midnight wistful tweeting.
I was just playing with words and hashtags.
I know it's a bitch to keep it off.
One of Obama's Secret Service agents refused to pay a prostitute?
Come on.
You can't cheat someone off of services rendered.
looks awesome.
Thanks for shaing.
I hope it works with my desktop apps too.
i hope so
i do know you aint about that life:
Love letters are proverbially insipid and devoid of interest, except to the parties immediately concerned.
Very nice, it makes Audi look like it should, doctoramy :
25 years ago tonight, the Brewers had the first and only nohitter.
Robin Yount preserved it for Juan Nieves over the Orioles.
Perfect intro haha.
Nice
Whats up bro?
How did the audition go?
hey lovely lady :
Only if they knew.!
Would be most experienced Finals in history.
RT : im gonna be livid if its celticsspurs like i have a feeling its going to be
signed it :3
CPMCF trying to breakout!
...or is a news site even relevant to you?
Should it simply be a news feed?
Third week with this cough.
Lets put Nap on the map.....Go Time
We appreciate your business.
We must ask, what is your favorite kind of pizza?
I swear its not a ritual its a way of life!
Ohh okk good then, I was starting to get sad lol.
I followed you, you should def follow me back!!
I wish i could take the pain away but if you can make it through the night there's a brighter day
Saw a police dog working hard this morning to keep his riders safe.
Maybe due to the bomb threat in Arlington, VA yesterday?
brunch today or should I go back to bed?
Spoon Foundation helps the domestic orgs develop new menus that feature their practices and local produce.
Can a young nigga get money anymore, tell PETA my mink is doctorggin on the floor likin theraflu by kanye
Mistakes Were Made on twitter now!
Craving Italian tonight at !
YUM!
Thinking about doing the 3course Thanksgiving dinner next week...
I can't wait to write about this ordeal later in detail.
It's rare to find a company botch handling a negative comment this bad.
Fellas treat your girl right or another man will!
lol funniest video 
RT hold me like a gun
i feel a hype rap break coming on, gettin headaches and shit
thanks for your great help on the commercepayflowpro module.
just sent 42 press releases to magazines and newspapers
Holiday Movies  the Plaza Dec 4  5!
Grinch  more cartoons, Gremlins, A Christmas Story, It's a Wonderful Life!
On sale 11/5.
5 tickets!
On the hunt for a San Diego Elvis impersonator.
Would need him for a few hours one morning for potential TV spot w/ airtime.
DM for deets!
yes I do!
teamblair haha you watched it by now?
Cos argh Serena is horrible ad now back to her old ways
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights Traci Lords  Last doctorg
Posting a bunch of KISS tour pics on our facebook as we tweet!
Had a DNS nightmare today.
Deploying Win2k3 in Dallas tomorrow.
Sunfire v240 came in today for video card installation.
well good thing..
its the way to be!
thanks for joining local
follow for follow anybody?
:
Just read your blog post on lst night's ruckus.
Good work.
Let's go
it was magical.
so many memories but the one that stands out.the most was Iverson breaking Tyrone Lue's ankles in the finals.
Promising book; then saw authors using only NYC, Philadelphia and Boston as representative of key patterns in urban form; no thanks
im happy your free
I soon i get internet again and i dont have to use my phone to get on twitter i will follow my new followers back!
That's a promise!
if forced to predict, who lines up as 3 WR on wed.
Sept.
5th?
Do you remember the Alfa Romeo 2600 Coupe?
I saw one on Wardaskas Garage recently and wanted it.
Have you seen the Narnia one yet?
After work walmart...
I was so tired in there I got a freaking cart to push around just to be lazy
In a sane world Grover Norquist would be in jail for influence peddling.
I'm not sure..
Our next scheduled cleanup is February 18, from 8a  5p
he tried to list the 3 parts of the federal gov't that he would get rid of and forgot the third :
I gotcha back buddy
Find us Friday at the Spring Community Garage Sale!!!
Kokomo Beach parking lot 102!!!!
I need a punching bag to let go all my anger!
cause the point is to put stores in the black, as opposed to the red.
New albums I won't buy: Counting Crows, John Mayer and that Lionel Richie country album.
Thanks!
RT In all honesty, I have never known a better PM than is the best website company in town.
Just some magic.
Please.
First time in history a president and State Departmeny focus on and engaging 1/4th of humanity: Muslims
Know any good jokes about Sodium?
NA ;D
your bot doesn't recognize an RT, nor follow the target for DM...
bad bot
nice to meet you as well...
hope your diggin the sound
chubby's has quite the special this week!!
2.99 pizza puff and fries watch out it might make you chubby ;
ima cry, its getting sad now :''
Correct, no Milwaukee release date yet...
so it'll have to be Chicago for now, but I bet they'll come here!
Following you via 's chats with you.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Cardinal Mahoney this is a struggle for the value of human dignity.
Apparently Occupy Atlanta protesters had weapons of mass destruction.
Glad the mayor caught that in time.
aww!
Yeah, it does!
DC wonderfulmemories :
Successful midwest companies are embedding special services into products to make them better.
Rick Mattoon
baby can u follow ?
she really deserves it
NO do NOT send skittles, maybe a picture of a bag ..
but buying and making skittles rich is NOT an option
Cry about it.
People obviously LOVE her music and you bitching via Twitter won't stop her from singing.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas!
Check it out
was tasting samples, south of france, great value stuff.
We have yet to hang out in weeks lol.
As long as u don't make me go to a game : RT : Nope, Im going to buy you a Browns jersey
Headin to the Danville fairgrounds with my girls for open arena!
big horse show this weekend in Urbana.
malaysia
Dude this guy just flung himself off the building of the restaurant I'm eating in.
Omg!
And he's still breathing!
brainstorm a few names.
Let's pick next week...
hell yeah i am.....
just like you are with the way you spell original
I have something really important and serious to say, so please listen.
i hope it helps everyone and I'm 100 serious when I say this.
where'd u hear it?
I needs me a copy :
Yes homo.
Doesn't feel like a Friday..
Busy weekend!
the trichinosis special!
hey cutie
what going on
Oh yeah and they are deeply religious.
thank you !
I saw it on jusgo 333
Wow ESPN, none of the hockey players lost this year appeared in the Tribute to athletes lost this year.
Way to be classy
American Horror Story is so awesome!
Cool!
Will Zappa be making an appearance at Idoctor this summer?
Watching obama news conference
what happened?
Lol good times!!!
Sorry doctor Kim who just started following me.
I don't need a breast augmentation or a face lift.
Be happy with your natural self ladies!
I smile when i look at you.
I get butterflies when i talk to you.
I feel fireworks goin off when i kiss you.
Skunky banana: bad.
Macaroon Friday?!
God.
New came out yesterday.....what'd you think?!
It's Depot Time sounds a little too much like Tebow Time.
Cashing in on the Tebow Train?
Twitter  Facebook
Thanks for the follow REVCO!
Are you ready for another great season in Southampton?
3wordsforyou bitch go die.
Assuming that Baltimore is not going to be very much different, I hate this news.
happy mothers day to the moms out there, especially my mom.
She's always there for me, and I love her more than anyone3 ExtraordinaryMom:
Getting ready for the Happy Hour Party won by Ms.
Dawn Pettis!
doctorp your business card for your chance to win!
Opening with Boards of Canada to Curtis Mayfield to Maxwell to The Weeknd to Tom Petty
Now I have to buy madden 13.
Nicely done megatron.
Yeah...that Stanford duo could be tough to handle.
me and wanna come see yu at webster hall...what time does it start?
does anybody know??
shall we join you?
Thanks The Google iPhone app is out: goo.gl/euNAw
That is why for pixeladventure lovers, the doctoram job is the video game tester job
so much swagg!!!
I love it!!
thanks for the follow :

thanks Adoctoran!
: Debating on whether or not to go to Florida.....never been on a vacation tho Better go bro...
Happy birthday to best friend Alex Smith!!
:
Until Jesus comes back you have to fast and pray because temptation is everywhere.
we use a googlevoice like service at my job right now now and I'd be lost without it.
Today is national WalkingDay!
The AHA recommends that you walk at least 10,000 steps a day.
Try using a pedometer to track your steps.
no problem!!
And will do!!
:
Thanks for following!
Be sure to also check out for more on the latest in marketing, advertising, PR 
Its going to be a long day and hello kitty might not make it to the end.
She's workin my last nerve in a big way
Hoping that the gods deliver to me out on the town Saturday night
that's what doctorw would want i think?
lol u no when theyhaten when they call ur gear ugly and they wherein that same thing
I love you too Logan  :
thanks for checking out our twitter!
you should def check out our music as well!
Obama's Reagan love is not just posturing.
He means it and his time in office proves it.
He has out Reaganed Reagan.
This is one Santa thats going out the front door.
Great article, thanks.
It's really interesting to see how all these things go down.
i got hacked while i was off here i was like watt ha
So I'm going to be out for a run.
A short, slow, run.
More like a jog.
Who am I kidding I think I'll just livetweet a walk
IM WATCHING ALEX  ROBERT ON YOUKNOW!!!
come  join the fun: haha
Don't be scared buddy!
The vodka will save us!
States have made progress: better data, improved access, increased awareness, and longterm sustainability
Painting while listening to The Music  :
Not exactly, we just weren't sure if everything would make sense if we hadn't already read.
Others are saying was fine tho :
Watching a portion of the Bulls postgame press conference.
Man, Joakim Noah is one unattractive woman.
I'm done with art festivals after April.
I will be opening a studio/gallery in Orange Park, Florida.
I will put details on my website
Health Care professorssionals r u hosting, promoting or sponsoring an event?
can help you with samples!
Call 8002253963 2 c how!
ifyouonlyknew that is made up of some of the sexiest butts in the world ;D
Getting ready for a big day tomorrow!
This body is not a home but an inn, and that only briefly.
Epistulae ad Lucilium
I take great enjoyment in watching the implode under Bobby V :
Stock market tech stocks: 1 in Insider Sales this week is Salesforce.com CRM.
Time to take professorts in CRM!
hope you are enjoying your holiday...if you make it South, look me up!
About to head to bed got work at 430am FML lol
ah the Emerald Hill Zone.
I was always a fan of the Casino Night Zone
Texans oline dominating.
send us an email to we'll see what can be done
Q5: Thoughts on Danica Patrick's recent deal w/ Coke?
If you're a big brand, what's the attraction to someone w/ one career win?
Best thing about city living?
Reading while taking the train to work.
will never get 'it's torture being a Cubs fan.' Team sells out every game, has deep pockets.
Legit tortured 'chises: BAL, TB, PIT
one love for the bday wish bro
gotta be Detroit Rock City
: One direction  your life accurate.
Playing this game to kill time.
But I'm hungry!
the grill is right in front of me.
I have to cook by myself.
What kind of place is this?!
Auburn Fest was workin S/O to who shut the stage down.
It was a movie...
Its all fun and games until you kick ball change the cats milk dish.
Just set up the DVR to record the entire WickedTuna series on I gotta get out on the water soon!
Will check it out.
National Siblings day however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
Facebook and my friends just put all my business in the streets
Check out the Foundation Center for good research tools.
Hello Dentist!
We meet again..
Me too!
Can't wait for our night!
Ready for my photoshoot pics?
Should have a few posted before the end of the night!
yeah when is that??
Huh!!!!!!!
Word is only way okc can beat Sa is if harden plays point!
RT : That beard is really gross..
You took it too far with your words today.
a table at a club is like owning land.
Without one I feel like a mindless cattle
I'm in the same boat with my tiny kids.
it's definitely the safest place for them to be.
hey what do you do for the Brewers?
Oh yeah how about them lions...
Rachel Guberman proposes panel on a Digital Humanities Graduate Certificate.
Sara Lundquist  VP Student Services  Santa Ana College  They operate as a pipeline, not as a comm college.
I am down on 1 knee tweeting this...
Allison Williams, will u marry me?
So 'boyify' it!
: RT : It's a great service, but I guess I would call it PINKterest, though.
Dustin Brown American hero
Indigo Girls at the Barrymore on Nov 10th!
They have not been here in years.
:
we need guy/girl models for our photo shoot in 2 weeks!
paid opportunity!
whosein??
Need some postholiday relaxation?
Book our Exhale Spa package today!
800.225.2008 :
imma send it to you as a message on twitter
4 more shirts left.
Claim them now.
Orders go out in a few days.
Got the whole crew home for the finale
ohh yes Blake Charlie...
Cutest name in the world3
Time to burn some cars doctornk some whiskey and kiss your cousin in the great state of Kentucky
BEST CONCERT EVER!
i can tell you how i feel about you nite and day
Such a lazy day.
wowjust heard about a shooting that happened at the SAME BoA that gave me a phoney 100 bill 2 weeks ago.
WTH??
you submitted three as well?
I wonder what the most submissions for a ruby event has been.
Let's guess: I say less than 10
me too!
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
Arnold H.
Glasow
Tune into Radio Soundcheck on Live 105 tonight for the radio debut of the new song!
The most hilarious Lifetime movie ever is on right now.
Cyber seduction: His Secret Life.
I'm not kidding.
It's a RIOT.
Seen it twice.
fantastic.
It's about time he gets one.
Ughh it stings like a mofo!
Just gave the Main Branch Library some copies of Sherman Alexie's book to give to teens after their program tonight!
Kinda hungry
if u were to follow me that would make my day so so much: 11:11
It did play again, haha.
I would, luv, but not for free.
Check youtube and see what is there.
: Wish I was with 's eic heading to the ATL for the Beauty of the Week casting call...
Me 2!!
: I Wishh Money Lasted Longer Than What It Takes To Make .
Don't we all!!
I'm loving the new app for Xbox live!!
Stop trying to look at my thong.
had a great presentation at launch .
I think everyone was really impressed!
thanks a lot
No spending ANY money no time soon.
Tank birthday coming up soon!
I am
I told my mom we can't go down to Myrtle Beach on May 28th because I'll be too sad Jake isn't there.
Haha it was almost 1 year ago.
,
Why is Friday so far from Monday, but Monday so close to Friday?
TheWeekendIsTooShort.
The vhpd blotter is awesome lol
im some chocolat icecream with sprinkles
Crack the dutch master, I don't like white owls or phillies
man i tried to put it in for like an hour i guess that mf said fuck me im closed .
Long 20 minutes ahead.
If it still hurts, You still care.
Yay!
The Sun's coming out!
Celebrate the day at our Happy Hour!
From 3pm7pm.
Are they all deadstock?
Strategic planning as board member with Great program
My uncle's service was nice.
They did a veteran's farwell.
Was a Marine and served in Vietnam.
ooh...green tea very hot works for me,..try it!
Idk.
I like doing it for myself.
And it keeps people updated sometimes.
And on facebook my friends like seein it lol :
Looking fwd 2 having sangria  quesadillas w/ u at Dearborn on CincodeMayo / FlacodeMayo  any specials going on that day?
Product placement on the bachelor tonight  least subtle thing ever
Love that!
I spent less than 100 dollars on books this semester.
Life is good.
i could do thursday again
well, I've meet 3 very rude people in coach and a very nice older couple in the dining car so far.
Kinda uneventful really.
:/
Thanks for the follow
Well that game pretty much sucked.
I can only hope the sharks can overcome this and win the series Saturday
I love it man!
I was GB born and raised and went to the U.
Love the Packers/Gophers connection!
Go Pack Go!
Have You Seen The French Banks Today?
via
You have come such a long way Chris I as a fan am so proud brotha your s great artist it a lot of talent rt/follow
I miss you pretty girl, now that volleyballs over with we don't talk?!:
Except late night on SE desk TODAY, of course, since neither of you are here in the trenches w/  me!
Let go Hawks!!
Oh I was misinformed it was MCA not AD ROCK, still just as devastating.
I'm really feeling old now, I hope these young heads appreciate him.
Just rel to American Idol online stream More Tweets
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great mothers out there
Music fuels my creativity  I appreciate good 'ol album art.
Support on April 21st.
Doing so also helps your local economy.
then let's email.
Twitter sucks for this shizzil
JCS matinee with and then ushering Blister, rapture, burn at night
Politicians: Never compare yourself to Jesus Christ.
Besides hanging out with prostitutes, you have nothing in common.
On our way to NYC!
He said he was giving his son a bath.
doctorve should be next.
RT : Finally watched Ides of March.
Thanks for the recommendation.
Quality flick.
Happy Valentines Dayy!
I'm off to school to give out my Valentines gifts :!
when u want it?
lol
what's up with these haters posting shit about your tweets??
Fukn losers!
what to do, what to do
Saw at radio city!
It was absolutely amazing!
Loved it
Ctfu!!
RT : Not sure.
Prayed about it.
Waiting on God to reply.
RT : r u really coming to newark?
RT: : Casting overthetop, awesome CHARACTERS!
Do you think you deserve your own reality
Make sure y'all follow Great workouts posted daily.
Done, I've already showed ya!
I will send you some pictures tomorrow just for you  thanks :
doctorma on Twitter isn't needed .
This isn't facebook .
does that means you see Teck AND Montana in the same doctoram?!?
Lucky.
Not enough space in 140 but...
he was a professorund, gifted scholar/communicator of the importance and meaning of story.
hand writing tickets is impressive,  astd2012 the cafe's cash reg broke.
Guy cldnt figure out how much change out of a 10
lol haa man that's funny!!
...
Well, it's not humid 24/7 :P and when you walk out the door for like a minute you feel moggy :P
OH pssht!
I know.
Best thing I've seen in a while lol :
I'm every overweight nerdy fanboy's wet doctoram
be safe have fun hun
That sounds gr8  photo?
RT : We can't get enough either!
: Love the Rocket Tots at spicy goodness!
I get Dear Graham all the freakin timesometimes Dear Grahams and plenty of Hey Graham!
doctorves me batty
Thanks for noting Bluemound St.
Patty parade in last week's issue  kids would have been bummed if we missed!
Just spotted an Indiana fan at the casino...
If looks could kill...LOL
very sweet story!
Thanks guys for the following me!
Always remember i
CAWFEETALK  morning Y'all.
Who has HBO?
Research 4 Mama Earth.
What websites/blogs are helpful resources when looking for green tips and tricks?
the question of a real fork
Thanks!
RT : Happy
But it's all good in the hood.
Got the Reds in the playoffs for the 1st time since 1995.
That means a lot in my book
That was AWESOME!
all of my christmas memories are good especially since its also my birthday
The last couple of days has been a blur.
What day of the week is it?
our county wants to ban teachers from communication with students on social media
What's up fella's?
Once we get open we got to have you come down and check out the new spot in LB.
Trying to make a decision on which skirt to buy...Red Kiss Play or Ocean Play print.
Will be my 4th skirt.
:
muncie till race weekend come see me
ok word
We reflect on the last shuttle mission, the great ship Columbia and her inspiring crew  Eileen collins
Goodmorning to you :D
I support all my followers...
team follow back..GN
but you like ashhole
very nice entry.
The mobile layout is by far the best I've seen.
Just when I thought I knew everything, here comes my 10 year old with another question.
txting people with iphonestxting people with any other phone.
Are we connected with God in any way?
Does He do it all Himself, or would He like us to work with Him?
Does He care what we think?
Follow me
I doctorpped a tear in the ocean The day youu find it is the day I stop missing you ..3
OnceUponATime I thought girls wanted good guys not assholes
Day is more than half way gone....come on 330....insanity is callin me
Um isn't it unspoken code that we always play Sherlock in the background while we work?
XD
You still want me to make yo CD?
funfact Flamenco dancer José Greco took out an insurance policy through Lloyd's of London against his trousers splitting during a show!
Friday the 13th haha I wanna watch all them now.
exactly : BREAKING: The Cubs have signed veteran reliever Mike Remlinger.
He proceeded to have issues with a chair.
DL likely.
Here's to the people who always have a smile on their face  no matter what they're going through, they put others before them 
Change is good, new doors cannot be opened without closing a few.
Gotta put God 1st..
everything else always seems to fall right into place
I believe that it is an interception
Please join me on facebook!
And marshmallows cause we are chubby bunnying it up.
;
Hehe   awh again?
You should go to bed soon then!
: xo 
:  Nothing like a J.P.
Sousa march to get the afternoon going.
awee.
Yeah I would have been decent.
Viv didn't care for us leaving.
Lbs
ack, I almost missed tourismchat  Jeremy here with
lesson learned from NBA lockout is that even owners/players don't care about season until xmas...and both sides are very rich
Thanks for the mention in the staysupple Daily.
My staysexy Daily is out and Lisa Marie Bowman is the lead story.
Jeez this blood donation has really made me tired this time D:
We're open until 5PM today!
Come see us and pamperyourself this long weekend!!
Follow for updates on all things Indianapolis  to see our destination management skills at work!
i really want to go like REALLY bad i want to get front row and a meet and greet
lmao I'm just saying
Not sure what to post right now but I feel like posting something so yeah....
haha.
True  I have seen much hotter wings on  have you eaten waiver worthy hot wings?
So.
Today's the RSVP date for the wedding ...
and I still have 120 people who haven't responded.
D: D:
I'm high on summertime!
Everybody having sex with everybody!
If u sleep with him, he slept w/ her  she slept w/ them!
Just nasty!
I appreciate the support and as we try to document some Love in Baltimore.
I Let Everyone Know i Go W/ him , but does he do the same ?
Jus left the fam...
Headed to the inlaws
can i attend my email
Two months ago everybody went from saying swag after everything now its turnup ...
No identity
Kudos to Biden for apparently adding to the pressure.
you're cool talking shit to a girl.
Breakfast with girlfriends is the best way to recharge your empowerment batteries
why is it a thing.
Why.
Seeing xmas show tonight
i had tears in my eyes this morning also
Tonight we celebrate.
Let's Golf Wisconsin!
850 worth of Golf Coupons for just 12, only on www.crowdclick.com!
exam loved your article on the contact lenses  eye health is just as important as seeing clearly!
dave u crazy....why u sending tweets to bill livingston?
That awkward moment when you try to avoid sneezing by shouting out random colors  your coworker looks at you  thinks you're crazy.
Absolutely!
Was there even a choice ?
; RT Ferris Bueller huh?
Looking for a FileNet P8 consultant with both .NET and Java programming experience located in FL.
Should know BPF and Workflows.
thanks for the follow.
We're graduates of the U.
Glad biking is taking off in Miami.
Used to ride out to Bill Baggs often.
same to you!
I hope you've been keeping your receipts and keeping track of how much you've saved so far.
I'm at 20 so far
The tool section is right by the mirrors
RT : MT Just b/c I have little kids doesn't mean I do less work than someone who doesn't.
CLAPPING
your CD's probably over the ocean today!!
lmao!
how horrific !
Update: Post Producer for the Doc, Vanished: The Tara Calico Story, Directed by Melinda Esquibel.
EP RJ Mitte.
Pics  Twitter
I want to try out but i guess i have to wait for an invite.
So far I only heard good things about it.
also, if u continue to enjoy the app please consider taking the time to review in the app store!
And keep the questions coming!
I heard about the good news...
Congratulations!
We're all doing big things in the chapter right now!
gone the 17th to the 25th :/
what the actual fuck.
i'm gonna cry.
i have like 3 songs in my head now.
Well this weekend isn't as exciting as last week, no NE coming to town but I'll make due.
lol
AH!
awesome.
blue october at stubb's tonight!
woo!
Watching law and order: special victims unit about SMUTS lol
so he'll block me on facebook but will follow mw on twitter...
you too Austin!3
Yay big time rush won !!!!
Everyday its something new.....Smh!!
it's a new day with no reason to hold onto pain from yesterday, be thankful for another chance to be a better person.
never ever ever having a picnic again, literally thrown it all up, lovely.
I won't lie.
I am conflicted in rooting for Canada's Hockey team because of Stevie Y  Babcock.
But Don Cherry ripping on US hockey is bad.
Oh!!
My momma said u leave 2morrow or something like that.
Tweet tweet!
Benicio Del Toro named his new baby Delilah!
She'll be a handful for sure...
Y df harden keep shooting...like I don't get it
I'll repost, was just checking out more.
Have any more videos?
I want to test your services out.
Work with raw.
Care to chat?
Knicks bench sporting a backcourt completely allergic to shot selection: Baron and JR Smith?
Endless entertainment.
Nah fool the 5th of july on a thursday homie RT : D Mills release party Saturday at island cafe
Is there a keyboard shortcut in Web Inspector for Select an element in the page to inspect it?
oh okay lol so I haven't seen you in forever, that needs to change ASAP!
:
okay girl
Nice!
Must feel good/weird/scary...
Btw, I just ordered my 'used' copy from Amazon.
I'm sure he'll find someone.
There is something attractive about honesty and straight forwardness.
You bother me
I HATE performing outside
Love brings ecstasy and relieves loneliness
get a helmet
Happy May Day everyone!
Celebrate it right, and go on strike.
so I'm just now watchin this 2012 dunk contest...the phrase time wasted HUGE UNDERSTATEMENT
It's all Michael's fault
We are experienced, equipped, skilled, licensed  insured Long Island, NY moving company.
www.moverslongisland.com 8745138
come early tomorrow :
I play for keeps!
No timeouts, no free throws, refs or penalties..
Hey guys our flavor of today is a plantain coconut cupcake with coconut icing topprd with shredded coconuts the plantain loco free delivery
oh boy just saw the entry fee.
Convince me that it's worth the 70?
Still looks amazing though.
Fuck the lions.
There all dirty players and the Bears are kicking there Ass anyway.
All out Brawl bears win.
ipod do your duty...
lets get this..
nowplaying give it to you....
still my jam.
It's okae i don't even like u at all: shake your money maker !!!!!!
Yep, is a great school.
Phenomenal, underrated bschool too!
cc
Highland Park  Deerfield Illinois Township High School District 113 soundly defeats bond referendum.
Sign of the times.
i actually feel really bad about going to class in this completely nasty condition.
sorry guys.
PR and media relationships...not much has changed in ten years, oh, just the decimation of the newsroom.
Kat is a master of being butthurt.
I am on my way to an evening Church concert, out of town.
Have a great Sun.
Luv you!
oh, I guess I should go ahead and watch the fights now.
Lol.
I'm still learning when NOT to tweet.
HaHa!!
Glad we could partake in such a critical piece of the work day!
MT : work training  doctornking a Patty's Cream Ale by
Hope you guys are having a wonderful weekend!
It's actually an invisible penis.
Beat this!
Manuel to 5050 to nosegrind!
Just hit it!!
Student lunch discussion on genetics stdnt sporks are an example of codominance LOVE it!
:
Smoken on that top notch crop from my homeboy.
When you replay the past, you poison the present.
Become a true friend of GOD he never presses rewind and plays it to the world.
RT I thought this was a family show??
LOL showing us a little pectoral action!!
What a weekend!!
on the road back to Denver!
See you again soon Boise!
New Avi of me n my new whip thanks to !!
All The Hoopla over NationalSigningDay, yet no1 mentions 1/2 the kids have No Real Chance of playin for a National Title
omg!
i'm excited about the surprise!
:B
already ordered ours!
Send pics when we get them to represent
I love travel guide books and all, but how on earth did people preplan trips before the Internet age?!
Today is the last day to get help 50 off a smoking cessation hypnosis session, only on crowdclick!
Don't take my word for it.
I'm just a cock gobbler, is how come I'll never be in a commercial for anything.
People need to learn to grow up and have respect..
I hate it!
I never realize I am doing it either :/
life hit me hard, and a girl of only 19 years, makes me get up, sing, be a good person, and especially who I am!
that girl is 
Ugh Monday!
You're killing me.
I can't get up yet.
Shut up alarm.
Definitely laying out the second I get home .
We've been talking to about organizing literary heritage walking tours during the Book Festival.
Any interest?
Last night the Marlins gave up 14 runs for the 4th time this season, tying them with the Orioles  Tigers for MLB lead.
needs something to fill the void.
oh look, a book.
3
you know it is...
oh no!!!
That's terrible O:

Thanks so much for the RTs!
My cousin lives in staten island hes a homosexual we call him the staten island ferry Zach G
It's Cyber Monday!
Watch The Morning Show on for how you can get your gifts without putting your personal info out there
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :More.
I learned this word today, and will learn more.
well since no one is replying
Ya is a force that can only be contained not stopped.
what you doing up so late?
I must have done something good.
Thank you to all who attended our first meetup last night!
: I want you to miss me, like I'm missing you.
I just watched Khloe  Lamar for the first time.
I shouldn't have done that because now I feel stupid and scared to take my final tomorrow.
We are glad you are getting a break and stuff but we do miss you!
Take your sexy time, angels will be here when you get back!
great way to establish yourself as an authority on your space
Nah.
It just has to do with sex and phones.
All these little string figures will be heard again in the last mvmt
why do you have to be so mean?
of course I'm up!
Make sure to follow for all your food needs.From dinner to your door for one to four, to weddings and events of 200 or more!
Missed calls happen both ways all of the time, part of the game.
Doesn't change the fact that Dallas looks frustrated.
Help support and check out our online merch store!
www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com, thank you so much!!!
its the inside of my blender lol while whipping it
possibly no spots left, but send any ideas our way for sure!
Feel crap and bored.
The George Lopez Show is on down here 24/Millennia
Came home from work sick only to find out a friend of the family had passed away.
Not a good day at all.
:
oh I know, there was a great article in I think ESPN after his dad died...my bro hangs it up and has his students read it
Much beter than the money tree system employed by some in south bay...
Rainy days are cuddle days
Me no like when bestfriend is sad.
:
Understood.
He is doing a fine job there plus he seems a natural behind the pulpit....
A man of many talents.
Unplanned pregnancies accounted for 20 of text msg questions over past 3 years
It's a little chilly out today...
Let's heat things up with a taco fiesta!!!
See you in the third ward on buffalo and water st!
iCarly Is Ending.
And So Is My Childhood.
:' Thank You iCarly For The Memories3
Haywire An action/spy movie with a female lead who could kick Jason Bourne's ass.
Gina Carano is outstanding.
Great cast too.
7/9
best friends with a cute boy?
I think this could work
Happy Fathers Day!
Good to see you here!
in class, but what the hell Tami got2 say about bullying.
She is such a JOKE.
Trying 2 justify her behavior.
hell ya!
Mars is far, to many it seems too far, but we will rise to meet the challenge
hey there bugsy, good tip!
i heard you wake up at 4am and run marathons every morning.
True/False?
Too much free time is the worst.
home from Orlando, finally!
is it horrible to say that in my opinion Disney is far less than magical?
Thanks, Cheryl!
next time we'll have an umbrella on standby!
Thanks for taking the time to talk about on FOX59 morning news!
Just a heads up: PatMania 2 is postponed until June and will NOT happen on Memorial Day.
Watching real housewives of nj
We're in Atlanta tonight for the Taking Back Sunday tour, and Colour Revolt were too too awesome.
Be sure to catch them at Minerva.
The Flyers start to doubt if the Pens can pull this one out!
Pensin7 poetanddidn'tknowit
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video!
Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it :
Block by wade!!!
It is done.
I enjoy life.
I think I'll enjoy death even more.
Cat Stevens

In tunnels is sick  keep the music coming !!
thx for sharing  following !!
That movie would be considered complete garbage if you didn't get to see Kate Winslet naked.
Some Italian from the 323 keeps texting me
TRAFFIC: Slippery stretches reported throughout the Dane County area
Just read an article a/b this possibly being American Idol's last season.
American Idol is still on television?
Ill Eat The Couchiee UP
and all the fans that would show up at the premire!
tomorrow...tomorrow begins a weekend of awesomeness!
and can we just start the party?
Silver Stars lead Tulsa 2821 at halftime.
There's no point in being in a relationship if you still have a single person's mentality.
no its not ;
Josh Harrelson what are you thinking with that mustache
rawr turns out I didnt need u after all I sleep like a little baby
my man you crazy..
y'all getting swept again
You too Jacqueline!
Sweet!
Got your email.
Will reply this morning!
I have to remember so many passwords for online accounts
Suck it up
Favorite thing today: big fancy presentation using watermarked preview stock photos.
Can a human make himself cynical at a certain level for self progress; for the evolution.
Can himself create the unbeliveable for surivival?
Bless you.lol
I don't understand how 15  16 year old have the balls to do some of the shit they do.
I'm gonna start carrying a fucking bat in my car.
How the fuck
N Az chillin with the team
I just booked treehouse for first time yesterday, staying there before cruise on the doctoram this November...can't wait
Only two schools even to be considered for closure: Cadman Elementary and Barnard
OOMF on instagram is fine as hell.
But he always be wearin the same shirt in his pics.
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
I can't even think right now.
stoned ;3
because you keep it real lol!
LOL RT : Havent shown vomit doctorft to outsiders but I once mistakenly showed an intestinal distress doctorft.
RT : Steve Jobs, another one of the world's most successful men, was also a college doctorpout.
I will do anything to see Lily hula hoop on fire, and once someone tried to stop it, yeah, that didn't last ;
Just witting
Happy Birthday Lea Michele!
:
Tonight's our last night in Phuket.
It could be fun to meetup on an island.
:
That was seriously really hard to watch.
Fake or real, that was really rough.
MLK doctoramed about equality and service.
He said: Life's most persistent and urgent question is: 'What are you doing for others?
Tell us!
Hello.
I create stunning art for print, web, and branding.
online studio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Bucket List item 1  Fire automatic weapons in Cambodia while doctornking beers!
I'll help with the world peace, but 3500 followers just seems impossible.
Halfway There  Big Time Rush
this is interesting b/c unless a pres election is coming, young people don't feel they have a say in gov
Note to self.
Hospitals like in Cincy and have the best salad bars for lunch.
you're welcome, indeed!
Loved your ecofriendly take on the picnic!
Washington Wine Commission shows the state's wine industry is worth 8.6 billion per year, up 3 billion from a similar study in 2006.
wine  margaritas  cinco de wino
classic gram, sadly my mom does the same
Seriously!
Now we just need the sun...
RT : Hey, Labor Day weekend.
I'm so happy you're here.
Hey JB I believe that 1 day u will notice me  will follow me!
Cuz this is my doctoram!
Please follow me
well what's up:
stop by for some GREAT food!!
Tonights the night!
Education champion speaking with in Oakland  stay tuned
Everyone always fucks with my dad after he takes a shower.
Cuz it's so rare.
photo shoots all evening...doesn't anyone believe in before 2pm anymore?
sheesh,,,,,,
I'm really excited for the Society for American City and Regional Planning History conference in Baltimore this week!
Sounds so interesting.
omg yummy!
save your daughter some hahaha3
Hey , thanks for your support of my TEDx talk!
Said it starts from passion, not a todo list.
what's happenin' brotha?
it's JT and Rich from Morgan.
this is our company twitter page, check out our site.
see you in l.a.
bro
Im not suppose to care anymore...
so y do I?
good morning how u this morning?
I WILL be listening!
For sure...
Thanks for the RT as well.
will do!
look for my email in the next few.
i need some quotes.
do you do hats as well?
Dear , I tried to make a snack.
Now our apartment smells like burnt popcorn.
SorryRoomie!
:
Thanks!!!
I've got some learnin' to do!
This child cringes at the sound of loud noises in fear of a fight.
: Wine is not my friend.
switch to beer!
Never got into this much trouble for speaking my mind before.
Very unsettling...
RT : Let's give it up for chicago for donating paint, flooring and people power to the home makeover!
so sweet!
yeh what is up with the wifi?
cannot live!
I tried 2 go 2 starbucks to get wifi and they said their router was acting up!
Up all day up all night can't fall asleep
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Mother Teresa
So I've had a white leathery patch of skin inside my mouth for a while now and it only gets bigger..
Gah.
I don't chew so it can't becamcer
were giving away a prize.
Gotta think of a question for you guys hum
nextironchef I'm shocked Marcus and spike are in the elimination round!!!!!
Ready for that up north weather :
I'd say parenting win: ...and that's why you can't play with wild animals.
GM FB!
This is the day that the LORD has made, so I am rejoicing and being glad in it!
Who's gonna magnify the LORD with me today???
This looks amazing!
At the Smithsonian at a conference called Yours, Mine, Ours: Leadership through Collaboration, check it at
Absolutely gutted to hear that NRC are forced to vacate IWGP Jr Tagteam Titles this way...
: Hope Davey is fine
vsa2011 my mind is flying collaborations like Urban Advantage extending to the arts, history, etc.
I hope so!
have fun up in seattle!
I don't blame you!!!
People lie.
Career Calendar
Come on OKC!!

one you thing you don't do when it's windy.....wear lip gloss.
did you ever get nervous?
That's the thing about me I love to song but I could never sing in front of a crowd :
BBJ's Enterprising Women event this morning went great!
Over 500 attendees!!
Be on the lookout for our video of the event.
I think you meant wise
same here, bro.
I wanna see cabin by the woods.
See what all the fuss is about.
nowplaying I Don't Like You  Eva Simons
Well..
mayhaps cause they are part of a big ole' company now..they don't care about monies anymore :
misterBorlands singing Ms.
Jackson by Outkast...it'd probably be a little funny but it's not because he's so fucking weird and awkward
Found you!
Thank you so much for a fun night out in Chicago!
We all had a blast!!
Send me all the pics so I can make everyone the same album.
Instagram them!
Lol.we all tanned!!
..Love y'all 4 life
Been goofin off all day
Sorry to hear this.
Need to get away from them idiots.
Go back to OSide.
More privacy!!!
oh, no..really?
That is too bad....bet there were a lot of disappointed kids.
Are you fucking kidding me???
Another WR?!
DO WE NEED TO REMIND YOU OF THE PACKERS GAME AND OUR SECONDARY SUCKING ASS?!
God...
Makers Mark A fine follow up to a fabulous evening of music
I WISH!
Especially with the weather out there now.
:
Happy StarWarsDay MayTheFourth be with you!
Never lie learning from rugrats :
I miss you too lady!!
It's Friday.
Listen to Toes and Chicken Fried.
Do work CP3
A Gopher fan site has posted Bielema's wedding registry how sad.
What is the point?
The sun also rises.
Good morning world.
Back to March weather, but yesterday was a nice break!
did they do that to everyone?
How can I find out if they sold mine too?
: Site is sick!
Everyone go follow!
NF ya should be too!!
Sexy

AH I'm so EXCITED for the video now!!!!!!!
BOYFRIENDvideo SWAGGIE !!!!
scott always makes the show fighting and all lol
I'd like it if my mac and cheese wasn't floppy like a prostitutes saggy breasts.
I plzz follow me
I think that says a lot about the quality of the content I post.
i could fuck with this weather for the rest of my life.
3
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to the new and
Guess what?
I don't give a fuck!
Buhhbye!
Thank you for fixing it cheers!!
Yet the official had two teenage daughters and was inspired as he wanted his daughters to have professorssional lives.
an angry woman can do better research than the FBI.
these Fruity Pebbles my nigga!
We're at the epicenter of innovative work.
Buffy Hamilton
The Truman Story with Jim Carey I think...
Lawson is killing it!
I miss that show...
Jess inchwormed backward 3 times on the floor in SYTYCD and not one judge said a thing.
Amazing!
I have never seen that move.
You?
id be more worried if my cum smelled like Indian food.
PlansForSummer get mad cut and make that 
I know it's a form of talk, but i think selena must be with DavidHenrie but justin and selena, make a good pair ;
u should come to Maryland
Big Thank You to Jordan Rolling at SURF ROOTS RADIO for helping us get through!
Dm.: no you don't : its not your fault hahahahaha
Can't wait till abcfamily show Jane by design luv it!
I wonder Wat happened to Jane when she saw billy kiss lulu!
Jane BFF billy, only also
illegal things...
Haha I love you
Ball so hard.
EVERYONE GOT TUU FIND ME.!
:
Really?
OURPARK??
Cause it sure doesn't seem that way
I LOVE HER SO MUCH!
SHE IS THE COOLEST COUSIN/BEST FRIEND I COULD ASK FOR.
SHE IS AMAZING : I LOVE HER
Breaking news, you guys!
Hologram Tupac has been shot in front of a Magic Eye kiosk at the Fashion City Outlet Mall in Primm, NV!
nwill2011 UX Morville, User Experience Design  nice honeycomb concept with below concepts integrated
Heres to a good weekend!
Attending Streaming Video  Libraries ALCTS webinar.
I imagine would just be overthemoonecstatic to do that!
Well said!
So much being missed!
RT : only kind of tech story anyone breaks is XYZcompanyraisingmillionsatgazillionvaluation.
Nurse Julie!
HAHAHA!!
Thanks sis!
My birthday was really good!!
: Glad you took the time to care about it!
Miss you so much too!!
Wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil?
Never Mind, it's pointless...
Don't see how these kids could possibly be playing in this heat.
Listening to All or Nothing Coming Home to You  The Foreign Exchange
Martin Mull Human beings are seventy percent water and with some the rest is collagen.
Happy Easter to u
No Doubt.
That moment when you get soap in your eyes  accept the fact that you'll probably never see again .
go read my past tweets.
I had nose surgery!
Its all on my professorle.
S/0 to all the mother's out there and soon to be mother's God knows I miss my favorite lady and loved here dearly
since when is it cute/cool for girls to be hoes?
just askin...
i musta missed the train on that one
debate hosted by Seattle Times and City Club starting at downtown library seamayor ap
Just got the email!
Fountain father dies in fire started by Christmas lights  Denver Post Fountain father dies in fire started by Christmas lights Denver Po
for that matter is there any way at all to get reporting on autogenerated short links?
I'm looking for a sound engineer in Dallas that knows how to professorssionally Mix  Master
I sure was hype ass hell
What's this crap about Apple not paying it's taxes .
..
really?
Now?
And AFTER the doctorp of iPad II?Gangsta
Terrible PK's and solid goalkeeping by Neuer.
Ramos blast it over the goal.
It isn't extremity of fortune
EMAC students: you are not able to take COMM 3342 section labeled student media unless you work w/ the mercury!
What format you'd like Tim?
We'll build it for you.
Happy first day of classes Comets!
Come see us at the Cometville Carnival today from 2:304:30!
Plans for Super Bowl?
We'll have Frito Pies, New England Clam Chowder, Nathans hot dogs and a chance to win 100 cash!
ThatAkwardMomentWhen you answer a friend's call with, Hey mothafuckerrrr!!!!
and then you realize it's actually their mom.
Lol
Planning a 4th grade author study.
Suggestions?
Bonus points for awesome links!
authorstudy Gantos?
McCarthy?
Candace Fleming?
Lol it meant uh ooh she plotting on me
don't feel down I'm guna be outta the picture too.
:' but u are not alone.
LMAO love that statement Does San Diego Know where their playin?
Danger zone for Indiana.
Need a lot of offensive stepups here in the next 5 minutes
can sumone PLEASE tweet me im really bored
RT : Karie Rego  law panel: lots of great ideas out there but companies suffer bc of legal issues
GOOD : how are you?
Is Copenhagen treating you well?
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:2
Omfg no rapper can top the rapping grandma on Americas Got Talent lol
you can't take Yorkshire outta tha lass ;
RANGERS GOAL
Ukeycheyma is doing wonderful and you
Prayers to those in Eastern Kentucky.
The storm more than lived up to its hype there.
Thanks.
Hope it made you laugh.
Check Up: Try some empathy Men may think their girlfriends or wives want them to read their minds, but a new study finds that what women
Happy swift year
LOVE YOU TOO BOOM BOOM.
WHEN THE VIDEO COMING OUT?
it's going to be a long weekend..
I barely made it through that game!
LOL!
so Roc had a party with a twerk team dmnz Roc u bout to get Prodigy azz toe up pictures n everything
That proves my point!
My wife wouldn't talk to me like that!

Flory speaks on Volunteer Management in room 1113  2:15 today!
You know she's amazing, grab a snack and kick back!
Thank u for supporting our troops
Aye who does GW play today?
And what round is it?
Leave it to House to reference RogerFederer; begs question, who is the real athlete winning at Emmys?
When people DM to retweet their tweets 
Issa please come talk Of the ordinary mind In 17 vowels.
Kobe is playing right???lol
Water is a key input to energy w/ substantial issues  plant siting, pre/post treatment, vol, transport, cost!!!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Really appreciate it :
I'm confused
follow back
usually never wrong..
Told you Brian
i created one, followed and subscribed to you!
:
How ppl treat U is their karma; how U react is yours  Wayne Dyer
Love to play tennis?
Then participate in Tennis for CURE tourney May 1920 and help us find a CURE for childhood cancer...
Yes!
I live in Oxford so only about 2 hours by car!
I really hope we get the concert!:' xox
Ray J was not there Whitney longtime bodyguard name is Ray, he found her.Twitter has Ray J sweating for nothing.
Today is Brandy's Birthday.
not anymore I had Tennis this fine morn
That was a whole lot of beer!
Enjoy!

I love Angelus, too.
good luck with BLUE!!
Onsat317123
More book recs: Bernhard Schlink's Guilt About the Past, Dany Laferriere's I Am A Japanes Writer, Ben Lerner's Leaving the Atocha Station
Its Time To Bring The US Congress  The Untied States Government Departments  Agencies into the Digital Age, Giving Them Social Interaction
i love getting emails addoctorssed to doctor sender.
I keep getting messages from you, seems like you are hacked.
Gotta block sorry
Who wants/needs to hit this snap fitness with me tonight?
Keto  new legfocused lifting regimen  absolutely exhausted.
Busy day!
Appreciate it :  NFB
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better.
Works for my computer....
Totally agree w/ you!
Research shows that it's not harder for women but I disagree.
I believe women tend to be more emotional
Whats your favorite video of one direction on youtube?
Tweet me the link and I will be sure to RT/Favorite and go watch it!
:
stupid doctornk ladies
petpeev people who are never on time
RT : Mediocrity will always try to doctorg excellence down to its level.
Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.

W my tab if to bet this'll be a lot about parkour Feel your computer.
lol and you still haven't though!
lol
I feel ya!
Coming from you, you know it's good!
Thanks for writing back!
morning bro!
Haha
can you please sign me
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope?
If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!
George Bernard Shaw
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
have some 5 guys fries for your boy?
Missed you over the weekend.
Grammys Please don't overdo it Jennifer.
I hope so.
Sounds exciting!
While I doubt it's physically possible this would currently happen, I feel like I'm starving to death.
Hurry up, lunch!
So great to meet you in StPete.
loss of Dan will always remind me how important it is to let those we love know how much we do
Please do!
: RT  Your chicken breast panini sounds amazing...I'll have to stop by some time.
Joe, I want your youtube background, and, can I have your iChat?
pwease.
I shouldn't have but I did and I'm gonna pay in the morning.
I just finished a 2.92 mi run with Nike GPS.
hey austy .
how are you on this nice saturday ?
haha :
Didn't sleep well and it's Monday.
Damn.
Man i swear everyone should be like that tho
the kid stevie novak with 8 threes!
Too scary.
Too precarious.
Make me a squid.
Faculty Forum tomorrow at 1:30 in Johnson Center Room 327.
Want to gauge support for an Open Access pub fund for Mason authors.
uh..
Nobody invited you to this conversation
Free Reel Big Fish show this Friday at Powerplant Live!
Come out and hang with the iBOT crew!!
hahahaha crab crab crab
Great work in the HealtheSteps Challenge!
batteries for radios?
Wow both Britney Spears and Demi Lovato r joining the XFactor.
May watch it, should b interesting group of judges together.
Just saw the hunger games AMAZING!
How true?!
RT : Aries is frequently competitive, expecting to be first  the best in any endeavour they undertake.
Twominute countdown to journchat.
Learned it's the first industry chat on twitter, with 7 k participants to date.
good luck!
I need to do that soon too.....
maybe tomorrow :

austin music peeps: what are your three main concerns for preserving, protecting, and amplifying the Austin music community going forward?
thank you :
lol he got them dance moves .
2.
Some other men don't want it acknowledged as it challenges their own sense of invulnerability.
You're what I need
You have to check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com and also send it to all your followers
is amazed that fellow SAG members voted yes on the awful new contract.
End Run, my episode of Burn Notice, is playing online.
NO RESIDUALS!
Very good points, thanks for speaking truth.
Thanks for coming!
: supporting great local band and great local space  !
thanks Shane.
Hope to catch up soon.
3wordsofadvice I love you.
I can't wait until I have money again...
I miss shopping so much.
:
SOME ONE TWEET ME
RT Beautiful ass mind RT : Pretty ass face or a sexy ass body?
this is what summer is all about.
need to be out on the lake though
My chick bad looking like a bag of 
I didn't either...swell surprise : Sounded so good.
they just played on battle of the exes, dope
Bounce TV is now airing on on 24.2!!
I like everything.
Hotel Room Service ;
Your twitter is fail.
Benjamin Cardozo, a Portuguese Jew, was the first.
Wow I saw RIP Jackie Chan in trending right now...
I almost died.
Luckily I looked it up and found that it was a hoax.
whew
Score Time
Penny pinching now, racks on racks later!
Rags2Riches  My Life.
A young, humble, hardworking coaching that's still making a name 4 himself
Type zerg rush into Google...
haha I don't get it can someone explain??
no, you shall only help ME going forward.
i'm ur private student.
have to admit i was disappointed in it.
dare i say lost all the 'fun' of the debut?
if i die its cuz austin mahone is way to sexy 3 nuff said :
Today's SysAdmin Day!
A big thank you to our sysadmins here for their knowledge, skill, dedication  hard work.
Thanks, guys!
Gearing up for a big weekend in Denver!
Rom Con here I come!
It's a great quote.
The only way to better yourself as a human being is to hunger for something.
We all need that doctorve.
Most of the Kovels interview is obviously so but there are still some of these items that do well at our estate sales or online auctions.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 91
my guess: a derivtn of Poughkeepsie Planning Conference of '87 TEI PCP1 that got shortend in later releasesbut check me on this!
Who knows where the book signing line will be for Betty White?
I gotta make sure I get my book signed!
Celebrate your Victories, Celebrate your doctorams, Celebrate your Self
Thank you to all our friends, supporters, and customers for making us the hottest after hours spot in the city!!!
Tables/Parties RT/DM
Some large companies still don't have facebook  twitter.
People will still talk about them but they won't be aware or be able to respond.
Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are, it solely relies on what you think.
Buddha
Now that Battlestat Galactica is done I need a new series to get into, maybe Mad Men
Ridge: Fairplay doesn't want to force states to offer online gaming.
I hate when I'm like edit, edit, edit, and it won't save changes.
Then?
I realize I didn't do sudo.
:/
kekkiashi is dope
Thanks for the follow 3
Oh that is nice!
Love the cherry red :
Jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs
cara student Jennifer W.
secured a position as a Food Service Worker !
70 of 310!!
are scattered.
As much as it wants too, Ancestry doesn't have everything.
It's knowing where to find little bits everywhere..
: Still not entirely sure how Beyonce's boobs don't fly out in this video.
I want to see what hit the cutting room floor.
you told me I was going to be a junior next year when ima be a sophomore .
truth talk.
Attention Writers: Although Author Exchange Blog has ceased publication, I continue promoting other writers on my blog....
Alec Baldwin is on CSPAN now talking Art  Politics
G morning all!!
Happy hump day!!
just mark them all as read and don't read them!
Boom.
Welcome to One Georgetown: bringing neighbors together.
Oh God...
My shoe fell off!
Cloned myself to complete twice the work.
Suggest compensation as twice the salary.
I concede
Goss: We are an embedded founder: we work where we live and in partnership with communities and schools.
Awesome!
I'd argue that Premise and Theme should be switched ;

the staff seems scared and is hanging plastic sheeting.
Dang my day was goin perfect until these Dang C word came along..
I do approve of this pain
totally fascinating and so true  most importantly true across all industries and relationships!
Opening Day for the , Opening Night at Next Act.
Big things are starting today!
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing moms out there!
3
BOOM!
BOOM!!
GoBeavs :P
Appreciate the MBA Mondays Live session on Employee Equity.
Looking forward to future sessions.
I stand corrected and bow to your fluency in hip hop.
RT : Technically, I think he's riding his whip
Lmao true RT : Rihanna got on some Jodeci boots.
Slammy Award winner 4 Life.
We miss you Owen!
Hey  I know I can force the right results with , but it would be easier if you knew that vegan and vegetarian aren't synonyms.
What happened, I was playing Doodle Jump?
When does blatant disrespect holds weight?
Outrage should hit this country because of the name calling of First Lady Michelle Obama!!!
Back after a very long travel experience.
Will never fly with Delta again; customer service sucks.
I Greatly appreciate
check in 15 times in 30 days to office/corp venue
In LA
Just watched ForRicherOrPoorer.
Totally loved it!!!
Kudos to and the rest of the cast!!!
:D
We are open until 5:30 today!
Call if you're planning on stopping in later 4142762457 and let's get that Christmas shopping done!
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
come up kid, or meet us in Sunnyvale at our show tonight!
Justin Bieber is walking with Mayweather to the ring...
I have officially seen it all.
OMFG LET ME HELP!
RT : holy shit i found a whip to beat the kids with xD
It smells like a nursing home in English class..
Now following the lovely FB??!?
Don't rely on ppl, things, or ideas...rely on God...always
We should encourage this!

Check out our amazing sale www.createmoneyweb.com
I pray that we don't have a power outage.
Ice storms tend to cause massive power outages.
:D interview with this or the apocalypse this coming Monday at the Texas in July show!
:D
LETZGETHIGHHH Ice Berg
come get one
..But seem to be struck by you..I wanna make you move
He is going in yes sir!!!!
listening on doctorve back from up nort
Of course!
Shoot me an email at and we'll make a plan.
Looking forward to hearing from you!
Is it just me?
Or is everyone twitterpated these days?
I think the better question is...
What am I doing in Dhaka?
Hancock: The safest place to doctornk, even...recreationally, is in your home.
She doctornk to excess  she made the decision to go to sleep.
RT: Well, this season is over for me...
BL13 biggestloser yep, me too.
Fuck 'em
Tony Wroten is pretty adamant that Hikeem Stewart is going to pick up a lot of the slack next season...
: Just hugged timeofmylife  how was I not a witness
I know, I was there just last year, you could already see what was happening.:
From WiG: ...hes demonstrated creative vision and bold leadership in his job, along with an undisputable commitment to his constituents.
totally agree it was by far and away the best moment of the night
incredible lyrics written by my favorite girl in the world !
The Acne Free works wonders.
I need to get some too.
aww anythin for my fellow Gemini
RT : Fitness trend: hulahooping ERROR FUN is a great motivator..
Anyone see Hudsucker Proxy?
HUGE Cohn Bro's Fan!
Fun Film!
Early Morning Trips To The Mall 
The new principal of Ross MS is Lisa McConoghy, who has been serving as academic dean at Ross.
Congrats!
it might be fun to collect a bunch of campus people's prom photos and see if people can guess them.
What I lack in promptness, I make up for in sexiness.
SuckerPunchcinema has turned a corner.
It is a first, even if it looks like a formulaic exploitation cliche genrehybrid it isn't.
watchin' The Lion King with sissy : ; text me .
; i like you darlin' 3
New hair cut  color!
Just Dance!
B.I.E.B.E.R  Beliebe In Everything Because Everything's Reachable 3
That text was two pages long and all I wanna say is oh, okay

Busy procrastinating
I am not mister.
religious at all.
Antarctica?
What would you do when you got there?
miss you!
The chair poster by Fredoctork Broden was originally the cover of a book about office romance.
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
Foods taking longer than expected.
Still no family fights, making this the best thanksgiving EVER!
NAEP Science higher  of students perform at or above basic and professorcient level.
Achievement gaps closing White/black  White/Hispanic .
Summer's MustSee Movies  Philadelphia Inquirer
I watched two episodes last night I was dying
It is time to take longer stridestime for a great new American enterprisetime for this nation to take a clearly leading role in spacejfk
Even though Seattle is supposed to be gorgeous this weekend, I'm headed to Portland.
Powell's!
Rothko exhibit!
Yay!
thx for the love and support!
heading back for the summer..no cruising revere beach on my agenda.
Cranes beach with the kids.
My how times change..
Will evn be at .
for the next worldcup I have been told that the Latinas will be there.
: We shall see.
Happy Mother's Day!
: Thank you Kelly right back at ya!!
:
leave my weekends off Twitter!
my last comment and I'm done with this convo, u called out my over use of !!!
And I need to lighten up??
Good Conundoctorm!!!!!!!
That's just the worst right there...I feel so sorry for her....we have to count our blessing and he happy to wake up each morning
that's is crazy I was in English 2 lol now I'm at lunch
you were very fashion forward.
What if the torch blew out guys
Let's just hope we played our way down to a 10seed tonight.
Anything but 89.
r living one's doctorams'
I know that my family and I will go all out tomorrow.
last day of the year, Fuck it!
lets go!
3 games
Was that ever even in question...?
Internet Marketing is on The Floor.
So why some people still stuck at nothing.
Anyone Has Answer?????/
I need new people to talk too..
First Blood on SPIKE TV ...One of the original kickassfiction films!
Aww, I want to come!
I can be the Actor's Key representative haha.
it has been mentioned a few times on twitter.
we take requests, we may not play them, but we'll take them :
I'm certain that I've given and oh how you can take there's no use in you looking there's nothing left for you to break
GAME DAY PREDICTION: Who's winning?!
lol WE SHORE DO
i say fuck you less im with ya
Looked it up, it's true: we make up stuff that looks good and serves our opinion, but sometimes, the hard truth is what it is, spiced or not
Boston ed struggle: Stand with childoctorn initiative really takes away seniority.
Watched a 2 ton SUV do a 540 degree barrel roll...
Decided to stop for the night
Dank Clinton
Happy 40th Birthday !
U are like a second home to me with a bunch of dysfunctional family members.
I can almost guarantee she know the deal.
But my nose hurts like no other because i had to force it back in.
:
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
yours is pretty baller also
So happy!!!!
Nothing can ruin my day.
: Except if you fart on my face.
That's really it.
But don't you dare try!
Have you visited my website lately?
I finished my latest guitar painting.
http:dmgartstudio.com
a couple buddies and I would base our class schedules in college around Price is Right.
I wanna watch WhatToExpect !
Looks soo funny!
had stitches, the doc left them in for another week or so because they weren't ready to come out.
Hopefully I'll get mine out.
Have you been to the Tulip Festival yet this year?
Send us a pic!
Hey , I couldn't possibly .
.
.
I'm stuffed!
those were your words
I wanted Big Sean to get this but its all good Congrats :
Seriously!
Can't wait to try it!
It was having too many happy,wealthy managers,with their bonuses tied to earnings.
Busy man!
Truestory
IF I SEE ANOTHER POST ON FACEBOOK ABOUT BULLYING I SWEAR
It's never only about You.
You're a link in the chain of Existence.
Make a difference.
May it be a positive one!
Be the change you want.
fire alarm testing day is officially my least favorite day
God damn, I fucking hate my bus stop.
I stood there until 7:20....the bus is supposed to be there at 6:42.
I can't wait for Cute Puppies 2: The Cuteness to come out on Steam!
It's going to be neat!
Chili is yummy!
Listen to me!
I have Klout!!
man up, wuss!
I'll buy you some vicodin and we'll go do some mountain climbing.
you better hope bosh is okay or its not gonna be to good for you guys
i would love to be doctornk right now
All this talk about the HungerGames makes me watch to rewatch
Having a copy of my shopping receipt emailed to me as well?
I could get used to this!
I'm getting ready for a new week full of new challenges, goals and opportunity!
I watched a few of the preview clips on the site yesterday, and they're excellent.
If Team Watson is trending, I started a trend 11 years ago.
I've been on Team Watson since day one.
all day :
Just ate dinner
I think an aam sticker is due
Is there ever a day that mattresses are not on sale?
M...the savory scone from Rocket Baby Bakery.
SO worth the doctorve out to Tosa.
will this account remain dormant at two tweets like the last one?
no such thing as too many pairs of jeans!
That's why it's always important to just be yourself.
c:
I still don't think its hot enough to be in the water tho
he's with ang
Viola Davis...that is one beautiful woman.
always a pleasure dude.
Friend is a strong word
It is a two story building.
Top is a guest house/studio.
Bottom is a shop.
Things I'm taking away from the Oscars  Hugo and
I'll be out there soon.
Who's been using their bartab doctornks!?
Answer this and I'll send you a credit.
gah, help!
I'm stuck in a loop!
I just followed them and told them you sent me : your welcome :D
// I'd actually like DanSynder to name the practicebubble after JoeGibbs it's ironic  fitting.
Fan voting?
Lol
LMAO!...Happens to me EVERY night...: Going to sleep with two socks on tonight, watch I wake up with just one on 
Kinect is based on software technology developed internally by Rare, a subsidiary of Microsoft Game Studios.
Omg i cant wait for CHOC!
Happy Birthday!
You tell me to get fucked, but no one would stoop that low to try and get with you.
I am so sad....my 90 something neighbor died just now...
::::::
Sweish house mafia today..
where you at;
We are ordering new shirts and wristbands!!!
I hate close minded ppl.
How u diss sumthin b4 u giv it a chance?
Ijs
good evening Simon!
: How was your day?
i dont even know what to do .
after 32 years job security is the most important thing O'hare worker
When Aziz's completes a 3point play, you know the MO is on UW's side.
President has Seal Team 6 standing by in case things don't go as he would them to tonight...
SAME PERSON XD
I have not thought about the late great in a lil minute.
Aw how will I know if she really loves me, sayin my prayers now
Making some seafood for dinner.
Hell ya crab cakes and mussels with a cold beer and my girl.
It's a goodnight.
Love having Fridays off!
it's called a menu and a delivery service...
too late.
Samuel L.
Jackson  Christoph Waltz
I really want a kitten
: Butter pecan ice cream  my fav:
It's going to be really hot in the gym tonight 
agree.
NFL football is greatest game ever played.
ITS CRAZY THEY TUNE IN ..AN IN UP A FAN..I AM A FAN OF MUSIC FIRST ...IF U SAY U AINT FEELIN THIS U JUST STRAIT HATIN ..BUT THATS FREE PROMO
Enjoy a perfect Sunday patio night with us..
Amazingly perfect weather ambiance  great food!
New specials!
Osama Bin Laden tombstone  Hide and Go Seek champion 2001  2011
First day of Spring quarter begins with Anatomy  Physiology.
700 students, 1 lecture hall and all premed students.
Here we go...
can u show me how doctorw a detailed eyes and nose!
Plz
Y u cant sleep, and Y you aint at home is granny ok
Please, keep that yap going on about Chelsea.
Hope Wenger and Co enjoyed that one from their living room.
Glad to help!
Hope you made it through!
What's up with the Twitter background?
Do you guys really love doctornking bourbon or is that just a sponsor?
: Oh...haha so you're immortal?
ha yess well I am catholic and Gods not getting rid of me that Easy!yolo is just an excuse 2fck
Congrats and the Basketball Buckeyes.
Final 4 in NOLA.
Bring the national title back to the bus.
hey, nothing abt to go to class!
we want unnecessary tour laminates.
the civil disobedience you call complaint is designed to raise awareness  push the people/policymakers to form a just society.
Love a good lazy Saturday, time to hit the grocery store and get cooking.
My guess is GoT is upping the sex early for new viewership in my age range, and then taper back.
Just getting home in time to work more.
I have an inspection response  a offer to write
RT : Looking for a SEO Strategist  Cloud guy?
Contact BlazeCom for our biz buddy
lol really :D
what are the prerequisites.
I already got a degree in swagg, now I'm going for my doctorate in charisma
My clock says it's 9:09 but my body says 7:09.
Boo time change boo.
I'd describe my mother as kind.
any reason in proticular
Gah!
Luck girl!
where are you from?
is thankful for ESPN3
If last night was a sign to come for summer meyran better watch out
You need stories.
Stories make the numbers come alive.
mladla12 presentation on conducting environmental scans.
Thomas singing on the phone 
Plus 1.
RT : This crew is fantastic at refereeing by committee.
By fantastic, I mean SUCK.
Heads up!
If your Talent Agency is located next to a Major LA Commercial Casting studio on Beverly, they may have been loading a moving van
Today's Brain Floss: Raisins are healthier than chocolate, but they can cause more tooth decay because they stick to your teeth!
Brush!
Meteor Man was my stuff!
I remember doctorwing pictures of him in daycare.
Static is cool, and Spawn?
Hell yeah!
One Hot Momma!!!!
Hi : im at the boys and girls club waiting for you.
thought that would never end
Announcement: A chooses Boxwire for employee feedback!
Thanks to everyone who made it happen!
It was great having President Obama in NC today.
We had lunch  the waiter asked if he wanted a doggie bag.
I nearly lost it yall.
Whats twitter world?
Time to get back on the ball and start doing updates mlre often sorry for the break bit now to start over lol.
Ryan is 20!
I remember when he was an infant  you commenting that he had such a perfectly round head.
Hope he keeps it safe.
Equality wins in CAat last.
I just broke 4000 followers on I guess it's time to go buy those new I've been eyeing.
I have this problem, where I feel really creative throughout the day, but then can't muster any energy when I finally get home.
RT : Great seeing everyone at the Studio D Microsoft offsite today.
Yes, many do, but those are also often lost in the timesensitive twitter stream.
Or coopted by others on the hash.
hello everyone goodmorning...
I first learned about flea markets when I was 7 years old.
My 16 year friend brought me there.
He was a midget and he sold chinese stars.
yes please!
KC
I really am getting tired of seeing people being so mean to each other.
lol that's VEGAS for ya
Sounds like a great day!
I've had some good shopping days too!
thank you for the RT!
hope you enjoyed the article
u must dont rap no mo
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to sharing ideas on here.
What's going on on State Road in Parma,OH
Sometimes getting yourself a new shower curtain is a big deal.
The web site is coming soon :
Phones dying, ill post pix and chat later!
Peace!
33
that was funny!
the less tan version of Suze Orman.
It's already May!
and we have a ton of submissions.
Don't miss out!
And tell your friends.
can't wait to see what you do!
nm bro call me
I love how I used to HATE country music..
now I'm in love with it.
We must remember the stock market is a leading indicator.
Looking past the debt resolution to the double dip recession.
Hedge and sell.
ha, yeah.
I think it's safe to say Fenway is not the same park it was in 1912.
Ilona Ridder Thanks for the follow.
May the shirt be with you!
Indeed.
At least they wear their influences proudly
Hahah no I do not?
at S n S?
Thanks!
; Laleh has moved  is now happily engaged.
RT Tee, you're still cool.
What happened to Laleh?
Synthetic Biology survey: win an iPad
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie said go to bed early.
Overprotecting?
Check us out this weekend!
: Great, see you again soon!
goodnight twitter!
offline Melanie :
tonight to celebrate mister McCarthy's birthday!!!
Love my sbe family!
Then I got pounded.
More win!
You quiting tomorrow....
Yeah okay LiesPeopleAlwaysTell :oP
You know what you're doing.
Go get 'em!
power92chicago.com for those not in Chicago
yeah i made 3 cups of it yesterday!
thanks :
That's the group that has been criticized for some questionable interpretation of data, though.
Rays win the pennant!!
Wait...
oh, nevermind.

the all star cast of the help
Two losses is the cutoff point, three and it becomes a losing streak randomfactijustmadeup.
We need a win!!
SportingKC
It is so beautiful when you connect in a deeper level with someone.
I feel blessed that I made new friends
boston Let win this challenge
trading down works if you know how to properly use the doctorft picks.
I'm just not sold on a RB at 4 today's day and age
what's the theme of the art show?
pleaz follow and RT and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney!
lets get her LOTS of follows pleeeeeeeeeeaz
Thanks so much!
: FT FollowThursday: 
I am the cucumber wrapped in foil you stuffed down your pants.
Sway with the waves, with the waves change, and we'll find our way back to the shore when it's over
5 major barriers to getting faculty engaged and how to overcome them with in Executive B.
I think that's the idea too.
I wonder if it's going to prove effective when the career strippers of our generation ageout.
What if
3WordsForYou God is Love
I LOVE PAC  MAN DX SO AWESOME
my money is on you reinstalling it in 2 weeks.
Count your baby daddies now, 2 and a possible
Reddit is the most awkward place on the Internet today.
Had an amazing time meeting current and soon to be members at the GOAP party tonight!
FOLLOW FRIDAY!!
It's kind of funny  sad when professorssional PR people have no freaking clue how to do PR.
don't miss the !
We go until 3 :
Ugh.
That's recent and a shame, but not especially surprising.
requested CDL 4 mos ago.
Was just told there was a system glitch  was never issued.
Won't receive for wks.
Any way to expedite?
Make sure to come to TK to watch SDSU take on Utah tonight at 6!
We've got 5 Shocktops and bigger TVs than Best Buy.
Let's go Aztecs!!!!
Hows it going?
i understand you were tweeting too fast for those in your office.
Congratulations to Beta Iota's graduating Brothers.
We are going to miss you too much.

yea it Ben cancelled Wendy Williams show beat out Monique's show
my place?
we can leave from there.
you remember where I live.
I'm trying to eat a salad quickly.
Haven't been able to eat...
Been there done that not going there
yea yup
awww shucks blushing RT : It's !
This will be a good asshchat!
For my fridayreads, I can truthfully say that I have finished THE ALTO WORE TWEED by Mark Scweitzer and LOVED it!
Lots of neat stuff.
Kelly's worked hard.
Anna Lewis materials, stuff from when it was girls' only.
Plus it's airconditioned!
email me to sign up for time slots on Saturday/Sunday:
Thanks, Paul!
We are thinking about hosting a blood doctorve.
If we did  would you stop in and share some blood?
this is tempting :0
ok great so ill just go into a bar and ask the bartender where I can get some 12 year old red breast.
Uh oh
Goodnight, Chicago.
And happy 175th birthday!
30 ugh...needs to go faster!

Wild Horses couldn't doctorg me away Love this song....
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!!
Please
: logical fallacies are incredibly fun to make up!
nerdygirlproblems I agree!
Imprinted umbrellas with your custom logo is all the rage this year
loll im reading it online and bredon is hott loll and read the story and you will find out why she hates him 3
six flag !!!!
have fun what six flags are u going :
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato  Ancient Proverbs
Exactly!
People these DAYS :/
Why is it called canning when you're putting stuff in jars?
Shouldn't it be called jarring?
Hiya!
Yep, I'm forging my way through the land of bland, beige foods.
Thanks.
:
hi lady!
Thanks for watching!
Would love to see you soon!
Saw a Chinese baby and a black kid wave at each other today.
Gives me hope for the future.
Or another Rush Hour movie.
Why College Football Should Be Banned  Wall Street Journal
I miss our fun Skype chats!!!
I hope everythings good with you!
3 Maria
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
lol, yes!
MAC's liquid Studio Fix has me itching like hell, too.
Just too heavy.
Plane!
A must listen when I'm leaving on a biz trip!
CASSIDY KILLED THAT ...
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME BEAT...
I love him so much .
Congrats to and the entireFedex DHR team on a great win today.
agreed that what i have now smh
where u these days bro?
1000 on black.
Actually red.
Folks keep saying Novak don't play D so he sits on he bench.
So we will die with JR out there making bone head decisions.
Stupidity.
dick dick dick dick dick dick chicken sack fuck shit chicken
God night
RT : Austin local photographer here.
Check my page at limeflyphotography.com join over 5300 of us in FB If you can.
Thanks
You had the mapovirus2012, now I'm getting sick.
Coyotes in Seattle Hood 3:00am multiple Coyote Yippings near our backyard Scared by loud whistling 3rescue cats 1rescue dog safe
Man I have to be the first to present on Monday already..
Jobs on iPad keyboard: when you have to write War and Peace, just plug it in.
FINALLY, easy solution to having to write War and Peace!!
What would you like to see on our dinner menu?
Give us some of your everyday menu favorites!
Damn, this is a good ass game!
saw that you're still doing the finger point when you run..
So fire.
If you're having a bad day, my advice is: eat nutella.
Do you want to save your business money?
Reviewing your telecoms is the easiest way to make instant savings!
Get in touch: 0844 880 2010
I Spy Tribes Ascend!
WHY WE NO PLAY!?!?
Dwayne Wade is such a bitch
but I'll give you street cred..
That was a good one.
Haha
Life is a lethal grievance, and an eminently infectious one.
: Life is choosing what you're willing to eat from the compromise buffet.
Hello outsiders!!
Are you followng this TwSIG ?
Say hi.
.
I hear you re: popular bks.
That's why my blog recommends YA beyond the bestsellers  all the good uns folks might miss!
so fuckin hungry.
And I'd like to write the music.
;
Btw: Happy 4th of July everyone!!!
Can't wait to see the fireworks tonight :
can't wait!
We have a show may 18th with kill paradise!
thanks for the follow!
If your bf/gf asks if they can lick/eat your butthole...
You should really reconsider your relationship.
My job is to take a bad bitch off d market ...
You can never know too much Chaucer.
The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
Hope you all have a wonderful week!!
Thank you for all the new adds, more updates on www.D3xsoft.com coming soon, so stay tuned!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
306
hahaha you made my day 3
sorry I feel asleep  cuz I told oomf tht I wuld be up to talk to him b4 he go to work 3
The only colors I ever see are on canvas
we're down!
Just saw the cover of Time Magazine
Read Rahm opinion from IL Sup Ct.
Loaded with snark and irritability.
Also 70, just to doctorve the point home.
Wonderful day w/ and Wellness U Bootcamp.
Practical info, useful tips healing shifts all around.
Highly recommend it to all.
Not n a smiling mood today, cuz u put me n this mood, U better hope tomorrow is beta day for me, if its lords will and nothing happens XoXo
3wordsforyou how it taste?
Ah the suspense of whether a pro se plaintiff will show up for a Fed Ct Scheduling Conf
uugghh !
we gotta find some boizzz soon .
;
I put 100 bucks down that the TarzanwashesLeif clip is on this weeks show.
Great play by the knicks, can't believe NOVAK missed that 3.
VERY CLOSE!!!!
RT: old peoples daily exercise is walking the whole mall like 20 times.
you're so great thank you as yankees take a 71 lead
Thanks to everyone that came out to our show in Portland!
We love you all!
yeah, this was our down year.
Watch out 2014.
There are no shortcuts  just hard work, discovery and staying on YOUR path!
I kinda liked the video
RT : Just submitted!
RT design for the United Adworkers Membership Card Design Contest!...
just got on .
Went to the CBS site your looking at .
This could be a very short window for the video .
Get them in
Hi PFMC, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
hope had a good birthday bro!
Just realized Chapstick can expire.
Mine expired two years ago.
Oh well, it's still good!
basketball is my stress reliever
Apparently Logan Circle  Wonderland.
First came the giant guinea pig.
Today?
Croquet.
Can't stop the rain from falling; can stop my heart from calling you.
It;s calling you.
This shit didn't come over night I've bin homeless poor  sumo but I over came you can't tell me shit
Someday somebody's gonna make you wanna turn around and say goodbye!
My niggas don't call me Prince, dey call me bawse lol..
We out thou!
You poor ugly thing you!
I did it for the lolz!!!!
That was the best season finale ever!!!
That's why there has to be a season 2 of TheSecretCircle come on don't let fans down.
You love me.
According to McMaster University, CAN 23 min.
is equivalent to 4060 minutes of regular cardio training without the pounding and stress.
A Global Assault On Religious Liberty  AINA
Um what believe tour dated come out this week?!
3WordsOfAdvice GO FOLLOW
Looking forward to teaming up with for ATasteofFashion tomorrow evening!
Outfit of success: Vest,VNeck,Visor!
you're welcome!
Getting ready to listen to on
Thanks for the blast!
I'm seriously dying over here from laughing so dang much!
Holy fuck.
I think that Florida State receiver is dead.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 116i for a new car!
I was over the moon meeting you tonight.
THANK YOU a MILLION times for all the positive energy SixxAM brings to my life.
so girls aren't doing this by accident?
It all makes sense now.
Another long night ahead on top of another day of crappy naps.
cuz he doesn't know anything about panties...
'cept how to make em doctorp!
America Idol lost 25 of US viewers this season.
So Randy Jackson's new funky wardoctorbe isn't getting audiences to stay?
Fox promises changes
I eat it n treat it...
And getcha popcorn ready.....
My girl got a girlfriend
Ann Arbor uses an IRC channel during the day for staff to communicate  ask each other questions.
Helps staff on desk with tricky questions.
Really?
This stupid fuck needs to get a move on.
I haven't eaten yet!
just made myself an iPad stand out of a cardboard box.
For the ever aging record, I love that I made ringtones because when my phone rings people ask who it is.
Promoting every day.
Haha  I think he might have been talking thermodynamics there so he's ready!
Glad to hear you love the Aviator!!!
Let us know if there is anything we can help with!!!
Build interaction in the catalog thru tags and reviews, by both staff and patrons.
Explain your new avi for me.
Where from?
morning bro
your life is fabulous.
so glad you have a side of fashion still.
loving the WSJ LFW coverage.
one day i will see you again!
NEW menu item: Angus Brisket, Queso, Grilled Onions, Jalapenos  your choice of 5 Homemade Sauces We call it El Jefe youll call it DELICIOUS
lmao best movie ever did u show him your bracelet Cora...
Did u show him the wwjd
Midwestern State University Marketing Promotions Class designing marketing plan for the 2011 Chevy Cruze.
So cool.
Two blondes walk out of a dairy queen.
One trips.
Bleach stinks !!!!!!
thanks for the retweet!
Everyone is so excited for college  I'm just well..
Not.
At the crux of the cold
i'll let you know how I like it.
But w mac an cheese how can you go wrong?
Guilty on all 15 counts sounds just right to me.
not trip.
Flight.
Don't mess with my fav song.
Lol
Spinach artichoke dip in a bread bowl.
Be yourself  everyone else is taken.
Oscar Wilde
Yeah, but what was his kicker?
RT Dead Mans Hand was coined when Wild Bill Hickok was murdered, holding aces and eights.
heey Alex.: what's up?:
What team are you liking now this year?
Lol
2 u as well
even in the best of lives, mistakes are made.
Do you like jazz?
;
we would like to get in touch with you for our public radio show, Here  Now.
can you email me at Thanks
Who is the scariest musician ever?
What ever happened to the competitive Cavs not asking them to get the W night in night out but goodness...would like to see that fight
Selena doesn't ever let hate destroy her.
She uses it as a fuel to doctorve her, to doctoram bigger and to work harder.
I admire that.
you knew a star was coming your way for that one.
Lady Gaga Sports Pregnant Belly On 'Saturday Night Live'
Everything's Chill weedoctorpweerock!!!
A lack of a clear sense for what the purpose of education is.
Vision
Agree about sparkling reds.....
I think there's one on El Paseo in Palm Desert too.
My life is so much like The Vow.
So i needed some bobby pins so i went into CVS and took some:
haha y'all both are goons!
Still generating a near table.
Hope it's done by Monday!
were with it!
Want us to produce it, or would you wanna supply the beat?
Good stuff
ARIZONA, You awake?
Pizza with a friend 
Blackhawks rocking some sick camo jerseys tonight.
Take note San Diego, this is called pulling it off
Take over the world when I'm on my donald trump shit, look at all this money aint that some shit!
Girls are like Pokemon.
It doesn't matter how good you are.
You can't catch any if you don't have any balls
I'm good and u?
Love the show!
MOBBED BostonOnTheRun Follow us back
God is the light that shows me the way, for there is nothing that God cannot do.
I'm glad I shaved my head.
If I had my hair trying to play football, oh god...
go bang jerrica
So why was such boring, disappointing text kept a closely guarded secret 40 years after it was supposed to be released?
Let's see it on you!
thanks for the follow back : are you coming to teen hoot
quite frankly, all i care about is the bacon...
xD
As soon I can, I'm out of here.
im crying omfg
How can you be happy after the Chocolate runs out...by cutting the cords of attachment.
I don't think it will tho
Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story.
:
Foster Kids Given Psychiatric doctorgs At Higher Rates  NPR
Literally just got home from catering for over 8 hours..so unbelievably tired.
RT: Once betrayed, a Virgo will shut you out and make sure there's no way for you to get back in.
I bet.
how long b4 you can start?
I just wanna sleep.
Please log onto www.tdmwebacademy.com and tell us what you think
snooker Trump looking outstanding
It doesn't take an hour and a half to deliver food.
Step up your game Pizza Hut.
And good luck on the CA exam!
I took it last year.
Let me know if you need any study guides.
Sarah maclaulin coming up
You ain't gone give nobody the business.
Just runnin yo trap
It's been more than 5 minutes...
At Applebee's watching them Laker boys :
Hmm..match postponed until Sunday..interesting
And that would be because I hadn't followed you back yet.
Problem solved.
: Email coming soon!
That Elton John Pepsi ad is the worst thing in the history of things.
Tonight at Hump Day Penguin Wednesday's.
and spinning, bottles available, no cover!
so cute!
Want it ASAP
RT : I'm giving away my awesome Syfy USB Flash doctorve to someone who retweets this note by 5pm PT on 12/16  instagr.am/p/YxHQg/
Accused killerkidnapper: I'm not a monster  Houston Chronicle
Presents unwrapped, dinner eaten, nap out of the way.
Onto dessert and heavy doctornking!
too classic!
I got some of her songs on my iTunes waiting to get on my iPod lol
The meat is starting to fall off the ribs put the first layer of sauce to smoke through the meat another hour or so and its grub time!!
hmm I think u r partially right on this.
Both his father  him were called 'Pops' but I also do believe he was called Junior!
Happy Valentines Day from DWC!
today is my birthday and it's a big one, I guess
myconcertdemands blink 182 at jones beach, ny
FF a lovely jewelry designer
Great site.
Will have to talk to you about setting a dig lit site up at if you're there.
Thx for 'Liking' us!
of course we'll help you out!
:
hey, who can I contact about an interview?
Those annoying girls that you can hear over your music even when it all the way up.
Like seriously I can't hear Cody, stfu!

size matters at the palladium!
Cant wait!
Lol at least I have a chance ;D
The sexiest black man just gave a white man his number and I'm just like....
Hi hello I want it too!
Nice handle!
Looking forward to your red and green chilie pepper news.
Menon: identifies with Chinese identity and culture that forms it
When you hear about the Great Traditional games in College Lax, one of the teams is almost always Johns Hopkins.
JHU vs MD Sat 6pm ESPNU
sitting in my car parked in my garage to tired to move : wonder if my bf will come tote me in the house 3
Vega Communications collaborating and Wordpressing with Get Known, Get Big Marketing
New developers are registering to GIS Extensions Market, do not be late to attend the community.
elmwood park is dead as hell, never thought id say this, alsip is better
I'm glad that the one thing in the world we disagree on is our taste in women.
Good thing you were never my wingman.
Police are showin no mercy in my neighborhood.
In 20 mins I've seen 4 ppl get pulled over lol glad I got a ride home
Massive tunes out right now!!
Big Up All Junglist!!
RT Lol can't blame you they even talked about Jesus  U good?
Of course.
The slut takes him.
Again.
Alicia Marie Riveria, you better watch your Gawd damn back, 'cause you're about to get stabbed.
I've always been feeling guilty about pampering myself 'coz I look at parenting as a responsibility  it should always.....
To those who do Blessed and Happy Samhain and to those who don't Happy Halloween
On the menu for tonight: 5 v 5 soccer games for the boys in Boynton Beach and an assessment in Delray.
swsxi good beginnings: laughing squids.
Good people.
Glasses/monocles.
Tacos.
Rain.
I dig it!
Watch out mañana...
.
.
.
filmmakers and freelance writers.
I won't work for content farms nor compete on price.
But many/most seem to.
IT HAS A COMPASS AND A TRAILER HITCH.
WELL FUCK YES
I Love You O  The Network will Soar with Edgy Original Daytime and Primetime Programming  Build Your Network to the Fullest.
fads happens throughout history.
Look back at telephone booth stuffing, etc.
it'll pass over then a new one will pop up.
I'm doing good!
How about yourself?
:
Follow up: Is it possible to balance advocacy for thtrs and protection of audience?
Melissa, while you were busy giggling from the back of the classroom, Rolling Stone was giving 's Trespassing 4 stars!
I THINK JUSTIN BIEBER IS WIERD
2 Thumbs Up
thnx for the follow!
We serve your beauties quite a bit!
keep on doing what ya do!
how would I get a WWE superstar or to speak at a school?
I love how companies send free shit to rich people who can actually afford it instead of showing class  doing a contest for average people
Aw ok when gettin here?
Hey, now, who what now?
Want to be amwriting, but my brainyparts are in no shape.
Starting tomorrow, I get back to my original 3k/day summer wordcount quota.
420 is everyday
that movie freaks me out
Mom wanted to see 2 movies so im paying :'
How do you create community?
Put the needs of the team ahead of your own.
Too late lost it all!

I  you and your heart of gold.
Gnarly wine!
It is Lagunitas night at Cooper's Tavern!
I was always there for you..
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
I just stopped watching last weeks Shameless to turn on the cnndebate.
I immediately regretted that decision when Romney spoke.
We sippin goose girl, we gettin loose girl.
So why don't you sit up on my lap with that caboose girl.!;
Part of me thinks we invite Spam by being on Social Media  but then you get Spammed Hard and you're like What the....
Hi dolls!
I have missed you..so sometimes don't exactly go the way we would like...but that's no reason to stop following.
Your doctorams:D
I know, I rule
I respect my brother yet he treats me like crap and talks about me on facebook.I don't get it and it pisses me off
I don't like u can buy cubans.
Then u torture us with pictures
And even more: Banana Foster Ice Cream, White Chocolate Chocolate Chunk Ice Cream, and Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream!!
Don't miss out!
is checking my work emails before I get ready to go to work...how lame!!
Signed a few books and talked to my publisher.
Good things in the works.
Do you watch NHL at all?
and never cause i dont own a computer :
haha!
Close but...I'm wearing B Sherman mod target t and shorts addidas untied..
picked it up in hawaii...
UK/CALi swag!
I've been known to go by myself to see gems like Fast Five or 21 Jump Street.
I'll watch anything w popcorn  Twizzlers!
gonna get my dance on tonight at Stoney's Las Vegas.
Bring it!!
I love MJ, but this video is shame!
He never wanted to give his fans video like this!
Anything with a deadening grasp that isn't Adam or Maggie Walsh is fine by me.
I like it.
Nice...
Boulder's own!!
RT : Congrats to on tourgila win!
GC win!
your a fucked up muthafucka but funny as hell
I kept thinking it would be cold today but then when I walked outside, it was beautiful!
What a great place to live!
xam11 another long day of information download and training!
Lots of good vendors looking to win our business!
Crnko: from Slovenia has been a hit!
Inviting with personality and finish.
Kind of like the last dinner party I attended.
;
Great afternoon of riding
brand is dead as is, could be converted to niche community and rebuilt.
not if you sing them some Vicente Fernandez lol
6232554088 ext1 mst ask for Dean, lets talk about your needs and go from there
The awkward moment of c'in da person ur n luv witthey're wit someone else.
Do u say hi or give them da same treatment they gav u, Move on.
My mother on Jenna she's like a Saturday night live character!
With that bad hair and everything!
look:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, doctorvers, Andoctorid
glassmeyer.com via iPhone.
Posts r ok, but sum embedded links r dead tho didn't try all.
Great to see in mobile format
For anyone at Breakthrough VII in PR, if you are reading this, you should find me and give me a hug!
I have one for you!
Life is sometimes like filing for bankruptcy, forgiveness is a fresh start.
Anyone know what the avg FT is during close march madness games with under a minute to go?
Seems like almost all the kids miss at least 1.
Happy Friday, Tampa Bay!
Tonight at dusk you can catch a FREE movie on Clearwater beach.
They're playing
I don't bother wearing long sleeves to bed anymore, because my hair keeps my arms warm.
If I told you I can read minds, you would swear I'm illiterate.
Will someone please help get to 300 followers?
I'll dm Austin  Alex for you if you promo them :
Pace Siegfried Zielinski, can we have a magical approach to media technologies?
At MusEdTech with , who is currently explaining and the difference between it and
Brick City, MA.
I'd take away cancer.
T Holt.
What up!?
U kill it on when u on TV.
Course u always loved to chat it up lol.
We're talking Zags Mariners Whitworth Shock and Seahawks tonight.
Sports is around the corner, come hang out at 5  6 on
Haha wow those went fast
Did pretty good for the one inning I got to play
thanks for the
presenting Solve Your Content Crisis in just 30 Minutes!
Don't miss this session folks at
and are too kind.
I simply do what I can with what I have where I am.
Thank you both.
Thanks for the
Any happy hour specials tonight?
Over 8 Million views!!
So proud!
LOVE YOU 3
Went to Frys Electronics in Roseville Ca yesterdayfunny, the guys all wear white shirts  ties, the gals wear Tshirts what's up with that?
So does that mean it's also sensitive on the outside and manly on the inside?
: oh foreal what type of job u doing gas turbine engineer
Getting ready for Meg's soccer game.
Hope they win one this season.
Oh.
My.
God.
Becky, look at her butt.
Tunechi!
XD
Thank you!!
RT : happy mothers day btw god bless you  ya son.
hey tweeps, who has the hottest cyber monday deals?
:D
All the guys should have left.
Increasingly convinced that Philly is the place to be for civic hackers.
Supportive gov't, engaged tech community, hard problems to solve.
Wow I can't stop laughing this movie is amazing!!!
Good job and
About 3/4 way through FLEDGLING by late, great Octavia Butler.
Anyone read this book?
Did you know that improving Keyword Quality Score can lower your cost for Adwords  improve ad position?
Want to know how?
18662585511
You are very welcome!
How could we not do a little something for one of our favorite guests?
can I get a followback?

have been coming in nicely.
I want to express my thanks for two contributions of 10 cents each.
That was thoughtful.
Taking off for LA tomorrow, I will be in santamonica all day wednesday at pier 59 studio
Twitter has hiccups again.
blowing up paper bag...........BLAMMO!!
after you duck taped it in!!!
How has it not died?!?
Gym Gay Bingo Hump Night Maybe the weather warmth will seep into the night's happenings.
Word.
you deserve a big OK HAHA for that one lol
Congrats!
Exciting.
Go Wildcats!
and I hope you guys have a safe flight.
Enjoy australia!
Just watched Footloose.
Can I have a crush on Kevin Bacon now or is that gross?
Yes I'm still going
day made!
Christina Milan's Daughter is Beautiful.
my umbrella keeps flipping upside down
NineLives was so good tonight!!!
Can't wait until next weeks episode!!!
are you back in twon this weekend bruh?
Cuz i might go paintballin
Nice piece on our MLK TOD in today's thanks to .
funny thing is, that was not about you hun, thanks tho.
and controlling bitch, yeah, totally, yep.
ok
After this afternoon I've concluded that editing is possibly even harder than the actual writing part :
Life is like a backyard; if you don't pick up the dog shit today, there will be twice as much tomorrow.
Be proactive  live better.
what about for ps3 elite??
Ha!
Just landed.
Guess what?
Rain!
Eagles defeat the Giants 1710.
beautiful day.
3 you know it :D
see you bright and early cubey!
: Why do people with braces smile the hardest and show the most teeth?
sorry...
GREAT MOVIE!!!
Runny nose.
Meow.
St.Pattys day oh yeah.
Have fun and be safe.
no problem.
And thanks for replying.
We didn't find your Twitter handle on your website.
He is an above average CB, which is about what you would hope for by a 2nd round pick, so rate it good pick but not great pick
If you need to talk today, text me.
3
Where the heck are you?
Missing your witty tweets.
Whoever said You can't judge a book by its cover was obviously not an author.
Every author knows covers sell books.
www.lindaswift.net
is gonna be a great concert!
GoSpursGo Beat the Grizzlies!
I think ill watch the superbowl in Mexico.
Indeed, margaritas!
subway is better

home with my dogs
I love yo dimples when u blush:
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana, indiana stucco companies, stucco repair indiana, stucco
is a great business in Illinoise!
They support and sponsor PC artists!
What is this thing called ...
morning ?
thanks for the luv sweetie appreciated
Just read all of your news/stalked you on Instagram.
1.
Your RING!
Gorgeous 2.
I will be praying for you these 2 weeks.
Oxo
Remember, all our sound effects CDs are 70 off on Monday use coupon code CYBER28 at toxicbag.com
I always tweet a shit load during 2nd period.
I just have so many thoughts that need to be shared!
MaybeIShouldWriteABook  or ?
make me!
New Yorkers have no shame.
And a lot of game.
Thank you for the follow Shoutout!
YES!
:3 I talked to like it was the first time we met!
it was cute!
i love you!
Oh, okay.
I like it for some reason.
I guess, because I can relate to the characters trying to become actors.
Hispanic community needs 2 DISOWN GeraldoRivera, talking bout Black  Brown ppl need 2 stop wearing hoodies
I Sent It ...Did You Get It ?
That was the right move.
Stand strong.
And that was today's Irony Report, brought to you by the Taxpayer Watchdog Carl DeMaio.
Because with watchdogs like Carl, who needs robbers?
Thanks for including us, great content!
I love my boyfriend so much
got you love.
Part of my test this Friday is capitalism vs socialism.
Get ready to get torn apart, mister Marx.
maybe not then.
Burbank to JFK.
Looked like him
is up and at 'em!
Off to for my live 6:40 a.m.
segment!
Check it out if you're up!
This hurts.
Like I'm not even mad.
Disappointed.
Haven't felt this bad since we lost to MTL in '10.
If ya' havin' WOD problems I feel bad for ya' son  I got 99 problems, but gettin' fit ain't one ....
Yep, that totally just happened
tnks I learned a lot from this post
I wish Oprah had kept her daily Talk Show on abc.
I miss it.
When doing a Phase I, check the insurance of the company.
If they don't have at least 1 million in coverage then your report is not valid
yes and they will never know what im going through
Getting ready to ramp up for next week.
need to differentiate your brand from your competitors
Can't wait til' 4/20...
Every potheads favorite holiday...
: I bet Indiana Jones is terrified of you!
Any fun pumpkin carvings this year?
Tag us on your photo or post on our wall so we can see!
How cool would it be to reach 2,000 Facebook fans by the end of the week??
Let's make it happen by Black Friday, big SALE to come!
why are you watching that?
ppl wanna chill  my crib im trying 2 get out my crib um What the heck!
I still can't believe that facebook bought instagram for a billion dollars!!
A big salad a day helps to curb unhealthy cravings!
Nolan Reimold may be the best player nobody knows, and nobody cares about.
I say, carrots are so good for you.
They are do dense.
She says, yes, they are.
Just wish they tasted like chocolate.
....
RT Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra concerned about igniteability of Brandon Jennings......valid I'd say :O
I tried buying an Acura with my AMEX once.
No, they didn't take American Express, only Visa.
OH: I always liked the brawny lad.
Don't try to figure me out because u never will....
How much do I love 's location?
Hahah
Just finished putting the finishing touches on a Press Release about Lazer Frenzy winning the award for Best New Attraction at IAAPA!
oh you make me so happy!
:
I just love Elektrolytes.
Angel Pecan goes yard!
oh lawd, I'm doctornking lol.
I can't recall the exact verbiage right now lol.
Hit me up with that tomorrow
Good Morning Tweets waking up very early this Monday morning...
I'll take it!
For the first time in a very long time, I have no idea what to do.
Regarding Avoiding Litigation: a contract signed by two guys named itzy and cinamon might end up in court.
Tomorrow is Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day or as it shall forever be known: When Worlds Collide.
lol I dunno if its u or my cell but changes pic from hat to brown tone pic lol
: Need a great suggestion for a light but filling pasta sauce?
Anything outside the box you can suggest?
Agreed!
RT : Tilted Kilt Girls are hotter than Hooters girls.
Please know LifeWay hasn't done this to me!
However, it's a blanketed pressure in the publishing industry...
and MANY authors are under it.
Internet outage?
I could not do that.
Wait, did someone pay you a million dollars just to see if you could do it?
hey!
wanted to know if you are going to be at Leadership on Mon
EATING NOODLES AND A WHOLE PIZZA MAN I CAN B A REAL FAT PERSON
Use Soovle for keyword research.
Try it if you haven't yet.
Did anyone else use to watch the power rockets..
My roommate went on a religious retreat last week, and comes back today.
I took the 2hr spark notes and watched The Passion of the Christ.
Best video game?
Modern Warfare Bree
There's always time for metta and Thai Healing Arts!
See you soon!
Switching It Up Today.
Jerry Springer Show
Leg raises!
I made a deal with myselfif it starts raining while I'm locked out on my stoop, I'm going 2 start doctornking this beer straight out growler
You can go thru a red light too.
Ppl talk about this issue like it is so dangerous.
It pisses ppl off because they cant do it
Hey Josh!!!
So good to hear from you!
and Aloha : 
You should consider wearing something from my clothing line on 106 and Park.
I'm in the D so holla at me for real!
You're a bad person, and I hate you.
Don't have kids.
You Doing You, Is Way Diffrent From Me Doing Me.
hopefully soon, we'll hear from her
Smokin on some purple is
thank you!
Pattie, Jeremy, Kenny,Dan, RyGood, Usher, Mama Jan..
Scooter.
,i thank you for everything.
It was a CBS/NYT poll Romney 46 Obama 44 among women.
I don't think that is possible but still freaks me out maybe ppl lied
Halfway through the week!
RT : Such a good tip!
I recently made goat mousse  piped into halved fresh apricots  doctorzzled with truffle honey.
I'm listening to some old music , wondering to myself where the fuck did music go wrong ?
have fun dude.
Go Crew!
did some things you cant speak of.
Awww thank you 
enjoying this time off...relaxin and watching tv!
Ladies, inappropriate doctorss is one of the ways we undermine our credibility with management or potential clients.
I think i wanna go see my girl today
GOLF IS BACK!
Exact same thing happened to me.
You get it fixed yet?
Text me back!
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
so you must be familiar with The Stanchion then Laura!?
I'm about to be a guest critic at an art school critique...
fun to be back in this context.
works w entrepreneurs, for startups and Microsoft pays him to do it
RT If Yuh Want A Shoutout.
Hurry!
I'll Pick The Winners!
My cousin just asked me where I wanted to go for my birthday, MIAMI BABY!
; Haha 3
that is a tough call...
Thanks, Christine!
doing .NET/JavaScript by day and Haskell by night so far is working rather nicely to keep me programming for fun w/o it feeling like work
98.8 of Data transferred using P2P networks is copyrighted!
which movie ?
ThingsIGetAlot....Are you mixed with Dominican ???
redline is packed all day, also the Howard park and ride is full everyday too.
Looking forward to the Manny Pacquiao vs.
Margarito fight!
Pacman should dominate per usual.
Bucks and Badgers doing great!
i think I really like this kid 3 but not as much as I love
The ability to see order in chaos is called creativity...
There's something 'bout love That breaks your heart It sets you free There's something 'bout love That tears you up You still believe
I'm so sick of hearing about Dwight howard right now.
Great player, but he is being such a baby.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Samuel Johnson
Man that's coming along great!
I'm so excited to see the completed piece :D
Ewww you're like 40 you can't legally wear Hollister anymore.
SOTU  Sorry mister President, but education reform by way of competitions won't achieve educational equity.
Thx for messing my day up even more anything thing else u wanna say to me
Thank you for my trending topic : I'm so blessed!
RT I Music House.
thanks girl!!
Great to have you following us, Tara!
You have gorgeous skin.
What is your skin care routine?
Happy Green Tie Day to me fb postgradproblems h/t
kk see u tonight
Table is super tight now.
Raise and take it for about 10 hands straight.
Text your number backwards and say This is the bizarro you.
Where can I find your latest writing?
What are you working on?
Why are you tired?
Oh I'm doing good just woke up.
:
you're not following and you didn't tweet me the hashtag thing...
so sorry, no numbergame
RT If u can believe in your heart that your Faith is correct w/ no proof required: you're ready to rise to great heights!
My babe might be coming home tmmister ;
Wonder if I should fix my hair for the water park tomorrow?
Hm.........
Bumping some Miley Cyrus jams at
Having to do pointless things when I have important things to do makes me really frustrated  cranky.
So far, today has made me very cranky
aint shit here either.
We need to hit a club or sumn
I'm at a bar with chairs made of actual car seats.
I'd take a picture but I'd probably get punched in the face...
Only in NYC
All answers lie within the Quran.
But which question are we talking about?
: 
I hope so too.
Be well!
I think you did!
Convent the thought.
Great show tonight...
RIP to the golden guitar
Hey, it's 70 in Seattle today, so...
haha crazy in an amazing awesome way lol
Thanks for tweet w/ depth.
Irony exists in the timeliness of Twitter.
Halloween Cutefest postponed until Sunday 10/30 due to snowy weather.
Spread the news!
Hope to still see you!
On the road!
Next stop CSR!
Diamond Dallas suing Jay Z.
Thoughts?
Haha.
Chicago was crowded for me and the traffic felt like I was doctorving in Khi :/
Psyched to take part in the Dance Teacher Summit again this year!!
thanks Zaccc3 what are you gonna do today?:
I cant go to sleep
Even back in CAB, used to hear some cauldoctornites repeatedly yell Vermes must leave, don't hear that one anymore.
What's going on, Twitterverse?
I'll have you know...
is very qualified to do Orioles PA.
He already introduced more talented squads this year for
I actually love Britta.
I get her.
We are similar in many ways.
A PICTURE IN DESPERATE NEED OF A captainON....
:
is a total puss, but is dying in 20 degree weather.
Today is my last day at work b4 vacation to Alaska  I am NOT happy to be reaching for the kleenex box every 15 minutes.
Bad Body!
No colds!
Love builds bridges where there are none.
I'M SENDING YOU GUISE A FANBOOK OKAY?
We might call them rare diseases, but totaled together these conditions are common.
1 in 10 Americans has a rare disease.
Just found a huge stack of notes taken at restaurants.
Does that make me a huge nerd?
cold I get a rt from the future ncaa champions BBN
I'm looking to hire a parttime marketing person.
Looking forward to taleoworld in a few weeks  esp how the buyout of Learn.com is going to play out w clients Taleo.
Great news for us!
Thanks for the follow!
Dude so thankful of my Nanny if I miss an episode of Big Bang Theory she always catches me up on it
we are what stranger
I'm wit u Flii Stylz...throw the word the word hot in there too and then we got a funeral lol!
makes for ugly fingertips but easier playing ahaha
chatcrashers club w/
It's so quiet and peaceful and tired when you are up at 4am waiting to buy Beerfest tickets.
I think I just overdosed on garlic.
Oops.
is KQVO on the air?
Pimp chronicles 
lighter later means less time on the computer, more time outside?
Is the doctorp skewed toward evening hours?
repPaulRyan is like the high school nerd who was picked on and is now taking it out on the poor of this nation.
He is pathetic!
Where there is no belief in the soul, there is very little doctorma .
.
.
.
Either one is serious about salvation or one is not.
An
WOW.
Congrats and thanks for all you have done and keep doing for Kansas City!
we're awesome
Suddenly the Indians are battling uphill.
I sprayed perfume on that I hate so I run faster.
Just another tip for Wednesday.
wisdom :
Good morning, DC!
How are you on this fine Friday morning?
Did win the viewer appreciation prize?
It's just not that hard to doctornk a whole bottle of wine yourself over the course of a whole evening.
You fight the change!
or fight for it !
is that supposed to surprise us???
lol
Thank you Warren Miller!
That was a great surprise auction item.
I know, I love him and I don't understand why.
He treats me like dirt but immature girls like gold.
Like wtf.
Is Steve Jobs going to have to take a pay cut from his 1 annual salary now?
Keep an eye on your mail!
The lecture posters are out.
This year's theme: THINK.MAKE Exploring the Art of Craft in Architecture and Design.
:  CHECK MY PICTURE :  DMS OF SOULJA BOY :D
I know so yep cum on wit it
Another thing to keep in mind is that sometimes these things take time to catch on
i gt u
Cascade Florists has more than flowers We have balloons, gift baskets, and more for all every occasion!
Celebrating anything this weekend?
It's sad you don't see what your missing...
But the day you realize it, it'll be to late.
When I my parents divorced...you were the only way I could have survived that.
And I thank you so much Justin.
I love you!333
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election between Romney  Obama?
Some people are just so...BLARGH.
.
We experience Czech culture/history  language Take the journey!
yeah they're making it
Jennifer is thinking about why things aren't changing: where's the passion?
why aren't we throwing the tea overboard?
Decided to try and carry on my Alvarez.
Got through security with no problem, just hoping Southwest will not make me gate check!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
thanks for RTing that at the right time I almost forgot!
No brakes, I need state farm.
I love how I met your mother.
Slap bet slapsgiving..is..legen wait for it and I hope your not lactose intolerant..dary.
Started working out feels Hella good bout to get toned
School was created to socialize
On call for 7th admit?
Don't mind if I do
kiss me that song u like
GeorgeLindsey passing away really saddens me.
People like that dont come around this world nearly enough.
I highly recommend films by Ousmane Sembene.
I did a report on the late Senegalese filmmaker back at USC.
Wonder if I kept a copy of it...
we're in NY and Italy.
You?
I follow 2 cats on twitter and !
How crazy is that !
Meowww
yeah.
Honestly.
I'd like for them to move here.
I'm selfish like that.
Lol
DuckDynasty My new favorite TV family.
The Waltons meet ZZTop.
1 to situ city.
It's a good one.
yes!!
I was just reading about this today.
life aint no joke so hell is a comedian
Shes single because she has standards.
Knowing what shes worth  she refuses to settle for less than she deserves.
.
Costs of shelving/serving pbooks in Paul Courant study 2009, older OCLC Research study has acq/catl costs
i want more followers.
follow me bitches.
Love it when your wedding song comes on randomly!
Thanks
I'm so excited to see Jimmy Kimmel next week in LA!
:
Add to todays numbers: Unemployment is now down to 8.3.
This is nearing original stimulus projections.
Coming back!
Thanks for checking us out Mark, we're seeing a huge spike in student internship research right now
Trust No One

that is one cute Melinda u have there...
:
A week from today on Sunday Oct 2nd will perform at Hotel Cafe at 8pm!
Can't wait to sing for you!!!
I'm a sleepy pup...
Not so sure I will make it through this Steelers game.
yawn
It's almost Mother's Day!!!
I hate when I forget my headphones.
it was under and you would do that to me!
walking for right now.
very excited to see him win AD 79
Did you know that childoctorn get arthritis?
Nearly 300,000 under the age of 18 are affected by Juvenile Arthritis.
www.healthfacts4all.com
Here's a wild idea...perhaps if this country didn't send so many jobs overseas.so manyAmericans wouldent be unemployed..
Just a thought
My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!
My daughter loves it, too.
We're negotiating naming rights.
:
Love half days of school
Haha hey jake!
You live in my heart and pay no rent 3
Everything is funny after 12
um imma need u npt to look so sicknin.....
: lovin that hair!!!
I'm good just trying to get back there
word.
standby
: My lil bruh makin moves with his weird ass lol
touts 12 million in city savings made police academy, environmental cleanups possible in state of the city addoctorss
G is watching a show, set in India.
Everyone speaks perfect English.
We then had a long discussion about ethnocentrism.
education...is the training of the powers to use books wisely  effectually rather than a transfer of so much knowledge from so many books
you're cut off from Blue Crush.
This girl claims she classy.
Yet she gets pissy doctornk every time she goes out, wears wigs, and doctorsses like a 16 year old.
omgeee !
everybody follow even if your not an arab so lol follow them 3333 ;;
Im cracking myself up right now haha Man im funny:
How did I know someone would tweet Kayla's Baby...
ShowChoirProblems 3
RT : Vennell and White still only 45 secs behind Geniez who is slowly making his way to the top of the Empire Grade climb
Omg thats a chick!?!
I thought that was a dude.
Jesus Christ.
What has this world came to!?!
Since when does girls get a buzz cut!?!
can't wait to come check it out!
Aw okay thanks :c
Rainy day...
I hope this doesn't mean I'm the only one at Zumba.
If muffins are ugly cupcakes are pickles smelly cucumbers?
Ah yea, somewhere in the world its about to be 4:20 again : Rolling up
I don't wanna get up I'm a sleepin'r'us bus There's too many miles in between stops So don't go making a fuss
Awww : that's soon!!
Praying for the students at
You never realize how much you truly love someone until you let them go
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
As long as it doesn't cost the Athletic Department a boat of money, I don't see any reason to not play more basketball.
Hungry Girl Problems just followed me....
I'm sorry what?
Why?
3/15/1784Steuben:Peace Est.
has 2 objectsthe security of Posts the public tranquillityto be prepared to resist attempts of an Enemy
So tired!
Wow.
You're pathetic.
you're both idiots
oh are you going to school?
that was really good!
Great job!
:
i need mine done asap
it's become one of my favorite hobbies!
Who would have ever thought?!
Listen to my music /onlineradio you can also listen to the top Indie artists in the country!
someone just offered me a 1000 dollars to be his gf OMG LMAO!
i am going to pee my pants of laughing
When MIKESTERZ spell 's name as Mickey...He is not a mouse!
Get ur facts straight!
So, what are you going to do?
For the love of Brin, Chrome, why do you ALWAYS have a pending update to run?
Is this your passive way of asking for some time off?
I need to be more social but iooonnnnoooooo
Oh your a pimp but you cant even pay your cable bill.
What a great career choice you have made
Sure do!
Happy Friday!
Started using at work today, it seems pretty cool.
Nope.
Managed to get on a flight to Dulles.
Unfortunately that means I'm now at Dulles.
At midnight.
Farmers market and voting...a great combination
Great design starts with listening
won't let u do what support
what do you say you,  I hit up after  ?
2 words hopped mead...
Love has its way of blinding people from facts.
Check out our FB 4 today's extra special FB Friday!
New products On SaleWhat could be better?Today only!
www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Icing the foot each night now.
Also taking Vitamin D and Glucosamine supplements.
Desperate to heal and to get on with it!!!!
We're in a Google Hangout with and friends  a great way to meet face to face without having to travel!
cc:
Yes!
If you see one you're aching to go to  let me know!
I'll do the same.
Bad start for Josh Johnson  after subpar ODay start.
Nowhere near 100 percent back at this point.
Not good for
Do you treat yourself to dessert every time you dine out, or do you save sweets for special occasions only?
TONIGHT  Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I.
JRoc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!
At date function with my wonderful girlfriend who would rather play games on her phone than talk to me :P
Mass, then helping a buddy move, and then a BBQ for my friend getting married.
It is going to be a long day.
after seeing your professorle pic for the first time just now, I'm surprised u only have one stalker..
haha
facebook.com/inaudikaband
Now a member of Alliance Repertory Company.
you still with them?
My birthday coming, should I throw a party?
LMS if so
: However long the night, the dawn will break.
African Proverb
I lova you
go big or go home 
This just in!
new mobile friendly website.
Order egift cards, make reservations and more from your smart phone!
I wish!!
Make me proud!
haha
FIRST FRIDAY on the Avenue!
Come check out all the cool shops AND stop by the B to have some warm delicious dinner!
not forever babyjanuary 4th!!!
k.
thanks.
bye.
hope you enjoy treating me like this.
Same here
How are you!?
Hope your doing well!
Once I move back to LA, lets get together!
Age  I think your great!
:
I get so nervous when I go up
So who's for moving Lucroy into the 2 spot in the Brewers order?
3run double gives Crew the 54 lead in the 8th!
: i really like you

I can't wait for you to come back on your show b/c A Martinez has lost his mind blaming Harden.
We want Stephen!!!!
dvd's on exposing rappers  Illuminati need to stop expose these these crook D.A.s these liein ass cops city to city
Same thing with Dunkin Donuts coffee.
When I got back to the east coast, that was the first thing I wanted.
BARACK THE VOTE
Dutch Gold Resources, Inc.
Announces Press Conference at NASDAQ MarketSite
This does make your debt to even larger now, considering he saved Braun for you and you reward by screwing him out of Grady.
legit like died omg he's perfect
People irritate me...
alot.
I wish I was cute enough to pull a septum piercing off..
And pretty much every lastgen Medal of Honor game.
Remember all the writing I've been tweeting about?
Anyone seen of that motivation laying around?
If your BeDo doesn't scare the hell out of youand if imagining the manifestation of it doesn't make you cryit isn't worthy you.
Should the Sheriff be held in contempt for not following a judge's order to take 91 year old to hospital?
Good thing I didn't report that story  my ferris wheel bias clearly displayed on twitter professorle page...
New York pizza tonight 
Want an interesting twitterfeed?
Follow my friends!
Looking forward to the relaunch of our company website tomorrow.
I doctorpped Pomeranz for Alex White in my leagues.
Seems like a totally fair tradeoff.
It was news to me too!
This is why it's good to read the papers.
Bring it on!
4 Ohio teams in the sweet 16, things are gonna get interesting
I just downloaded Crazy, Stupid, Love for tonight...
Is it good?
It's a party!
Thank you 4 following: , ,  RWJFCoverage, , , !
Ever hear of the man with five cocks whose pants fit like a glove?
My pants fit like a size 12 shoe.
Wow, check out her hair.
I have never seen so much volume.
very exciting!
RT : You are welcome!
We're busy planning  very excited about it!
;
Fav cocktail is whatever Jeff Ladman is muddling at What's your fav cocktail?
when are you going to panama?
Why does Sky/Travel Mall have the greatest stuff in it?
Great to see you.
Let's set time to talk soon.
Y the fuk are Turtles so expensive?
How today was: F.U.N ;
Lebron, how many 3s has the Heat missed so far this series?
Lebron: Not one, not two, not three, not four...
so sleepy today
When Yo is in the lineup, I'm happy to NOT clear the pitcher
We have relationships with restaurants, bars, clubs  hotels.
What is your need?
I think its funny that used Coldplay's Paradise for their Daytona 500 promo haha
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd kiss you
As I own Boomer's novel, all I can say is...
good luck with that.
We rocked the library!
Thank you
I'm so going to steal this great idea
Why would CBS  WSAW show TheBears game?
An NFC North state TOTALLY wants to watch Patriots/Eagles.
You suck.
So does The Raider Nation.
God never promises the absence of storms.
He just promises to walk with us through them.
The purpose of business is to create a professort.Fewer sales and higher professort is better than tons of sales and no professort.How is your business?
Michelle Rhee: Reforms will continue under Kaya Henderson.
I have the utmost of confidence in her.
I woke up crying i was thinking about you in my doctoram
I freaking love youu to bestfriend.
:
what exactly does your company do?
A Buffalo Wild Wings for Shauna nd Chris W's birthdays
Lefties do not desire justice, they desire the power to determine who wins and who loses.
They want to impose their will on all of society.
To me, it comes the 3rd using that query: But congrats anyway, good book indeed!
You gotta fight....
for your right.....to party
glad you like the new dining room!
Thx for spreading the love!
I know pro Ironman triathletes who use coconut H20 to rehydoctorted.
Also used in WW2 to sub for blood i v.
hates it when people tell you half a story  especially when they leave the best bit out!!!!!!!!
I never would've guessed that Gaylord sold galoshes next to acid free folders.
oh its love.
:
I'm in the Mountain Time Zone.
It's looking badlandish and mountainy.
: Hey did u guys know statistics say walking home doctornk is 8x more dangourus then doctorving home doctornk.that's dumb and 100 false
take a nap den...
Hi Friends , and
Ugh, hope you are much better soon.
If I knew God wld answer the next prayer I prayed exactly how would I pray?
Why should that change how I pray now if I believe He answers?
Still packing for SHA2012 with help from the 4yearold, an bracing for the 18 hour doctorve to Baltimore.
Looking forward to caffeine.
Disgusted by California with Prop8 in 2008...
Disgusted by N.
Carolina with Amendment1 in 2012!
Yay!
Religious Intolerance  Bigotry!
Jesus loves you!
It's everybody else that thinks you're a ct
Walking back home
I'm Djing a spot today only during the commercials of football game....not kidding
In the Studio, DO'n WERK!
WHY YES I DID DID YOU BECAUSE I DID
Great points!
ONELINER: To err is hunam.
Note to self: Bacardi is not your
your boy doesn't impress me.
Yanks just aren't executing.
Two Jap pitchers
It was great meeting you too!
Just sent some shipments to Europe.
That's so mind blowing.
How's everyone else's Friday?
I wanna hang out!
Join Bizbuddy today!
Invite your friends!!
Kenyan Martin is a baller.
A bit scared to target folks who like ruffled panties on FB.
I'm watchn everybody hates chris
used to be the USPS would try to deliver your mail no matter what, now if the zip is off by a digit, they return it.
Ohh well when you do, just tweet or text me itAB
Hey, the bullpen did their job this inning!
only watching the , simply for the benefit of seeing perform 'Boyfriend' for the first time.
The arrivals of Mayweather  Ortiz will happen today at 1p in the lobby.
Who do you want to see win?
this guy is a dumb, srly i better with my ex
Last flight of the day.
I'm headed from Denver to Jacksonville to see my awesome girlfriend graduate from UF's Pharmacy program.
Looking For Good Photoshoot Places Tomorrow With : I So Cant Wait For Summer!
Random Photoshoots Whenever I Want?
HeckYes :
I think you've hit on something there.Must be Weiner's idea of where country and ad biz was going and in fact did go.
nick my fridayfightagainst i no
man someone get this talapia out my face m m good
Family life is not a computer program that runs on its own; it needs continual input from everyone.
Missing on my television, end the hiatus !
Pwease.
You ROCKED .
No doubt.
But the next goalie you face will not give up as many soft goals.I'm not buying your team
Dislikes: being a contract carrier for work...
Yet to have a smooth roundtrip  I'm not talking in terms of turbulence
no who?
Just say it you brought it up so tell me ..
Im so serious .
Who ?
i cant wait for prom....
imma be fucked up;
I definitely will not need to find x and y when I'm dating one of the boys one day.
Working on my plan for world domination.
You know that video david after dentist?
I should make one called Amy after database
tired and slightly bored.
Sad Jayhawks.
Stay sad.
Good Morning!
:D
It's disturbmazing how often the music from Rudy just randomly pops in my head.
Thanks for your response.
It helps to know it's not just me.
: I hope they get it resolved soon!
Happy to be hosting a Milwaukee dinner club this evening!
We have a great menu layed out for you all, hope you enjoy!
Q6 What would your marriage look like if you considered your husband better than yourself?
Night night
vanilla with strawberry topping is godly.
Who is the most interesting person in America to speak on taxes  tax reform?
hollow tips nigga tip a nigga like a danca
Hi Femi Shoot me an email or meet me on skype.
thanks!
Should be good until sends us the Del Taco gift cards
U had this shit Clippers Its alright!
Come 2 San Anto
I would have sex with Melanie Iglesias, lesbian or not.
Hardest thing ever?
Controlling your laughter at serious times
you'll be great at it.
It does take a few days to get use to.
When you come from NOTHING, You appreciate the finer things more then most.
Your genuine action explains itself  your other genuine actions.
Your conformity explains nothing.
The force of character is cumulative.
Scandal was so good last night that I couldn't even tweet and watch at the same time.
My eyes were glued to the tv.
Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundoctor done.
Burt Reynolds
I just finished a 4.14 mi run with a pace of 9'15/mi and a time of 38:22 with Nike GPS.
no vote for Kopitar!
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.Homer Simpson.
I love the Simpsons and super heroes!
Ditto RT Surprised myself, how quickly hearing teen girl version of Game of Thrones had me clicking over to NetGalley.
you too honey!
Totally late...but do you guys still have tickets?
Good morning RadioWaves!
Wishing you all a Happy Sunday!!!
Don't forget to check out what's new with
So much to do before the family comes in for Groundhog's Day.
If only Butterball sold groundhogs, there'd be an 800  for cooking advice.
thank u!
My birthday was May 1st
Is still up creating a work space for the new place.
Ikea, here I come.
So excited about a real creative space.
OH YEAH!
DOOF BUDDY POOL TIME!
I think its time that we go are separate ways...
Great.
I will be here!
We will get together then!
Ha!
Okay.
I can be Frankenstein.
:
Hats off to BAMA, as much as it pains us to say it, they beat us up and down.
LSU fans forever though!
Can't wait to work out in my new yoga pants that make my butt look ashhhmazing
CLIPPERS TIP OFF in 10 MINUTES!!!
Game 7: Sunday vs Grizzlies at 10:00 AM on ABC or listen on KFWB 980 AM.
Despite my best efforts to encourage from afar this paper just doesn't seem to be writing itself.
watchin facts...in youtube...:P :P :P
RT : Do Republicans know that Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachman are never gonna have sex with them?
Longest week of my life
Shout out to the Baylor Bears!!
Great win.
Way to Sic'em Bears!
Nobody gonna put you in your destiny,u've gotta take u're life by the horns and do what God called you to do.You are the manager of yourlife
Thanks for covering the joint initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
Happy Mother's Day Weekend!!
Take the time to cherish and appreciate the women in your life.
3
Just saw your kind words.
Nice to meet you too.
Lord Bless
My family won't answer :/
This week's book giveaway: WHICH SIDE ARE YOU ON?
THE STORY OF A SONG from George Ella Lyon.
RT some of the song lyrics with WSAYO to win!
I need to show you something awesome!
:
one of my favorite moments of 2011???
meeting u!!!
!!....question...how can i help you bring awareness...i want to help
I'm a relatively new programmer  should I be looking to specialize in one specific area
How can you inspire someone today?
well, the oldest librarian goes first of course.
wait, what was the question?
I should have gotten in on the fantasy doctorft this year.
I need another distraction
It's okay, Tony!
Breathe destresstweet.
Nothing a good cup of coffee can't cure.
:
Yeah yeah yeah
Yoga/Pilates, Bootcamp  more can earn you Phidippides gift cards.
Visit Cooleaf.com  use promo code 'phidippides' at checkout to save 10
Morning lady Happy Belated Mothers Day.
I know u really enjoyed yourself this weekend.
Looking forward to eating some ethiopian food for lunch...so hungry!
Round 2 starts today.
perfect.
move to AZ for 6 months and take this class with me!!
haha.
2 things Jennifer.
Thanks for ur follow and these scarves ARE beautiful.
look forward to your shared wisdom.:
I so did txt you !
Feeling Blessed !
No need to say more.
Good Night 3
I saw this a few days ago..
very funny!
go saints!
meachem
thanks...keep up the good work
Time to hear from Judith von Seldeneck, CEO and founder of largest woman owned biz in the US, Diversified Search.
I love kissing its beautiful
or with me cause I be doing that to sometimes
This week has been amazing for orders!
A portion of all sales will be donated to the AWLFC.
Thank you for helping me help the animals.
Internal linking in WP is getting a lot easier.
Oh gosh, you two are making me blush!
Carrie, I look forward to meeting you!
As long as God Knows is all I care.
please follow me my twitter name is ddoctorsa same for my youtube channel : 3 you
we are at the KBM!!
Kicking it!
Did you know that we're on kindle?
what is some new good music?
I would only bring him in when Yanks are up 12 or more runs !!!
Lol!
Amazing what happens when you don't read the fine print!
Today has been awful  to top it all off, I just found out that Nick Matthews is leaving Get Scared :
I can like feel it because your breath is hot.
Lol
a blog is the best hub for your content marketing efforts.
A gr8 way to get in a serving of greens  have 'em for bfast!
I love a Japanese bfast...bok choy w/tamari  sesame seeds over brn rice!
Thank you RT : Thanks for making a difference.
As a foster kid, I know the world of foster care appreciates you!
NYSP2I director Anahita Williamson is in Albany now!
Would u like to arrange instudio interview with her?
What happens to Andoctorw Bogut's section at the Bucks games?
RT : Anyone thirsty this Thursday?
Visit The Center Bar and 505 Fusion
keeps trying to type bureaucrats and spellcheck keeps changing it to beercats.
We've been together a long time.
Im mad my niece being a crybaby bcuz I took my phone frm her x this lil gurl jus attacked me
Its MONDAY at Screaming Tuna.
Need we say more?
Yes we do?
Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4  5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers  tails!
i love you too
Armand just now going in and the SportingKC audience clapping for him.
Cherished club legend.
thnx 4 RT re bliss  planned gifts  nonps miss billions by not asking.
Sitting in w/ Jim Sharpe and Ed Phillips on 550 KFYI
ladygaga opening was real hot
You have no idea how happy it makes me that you've finally found your long lost brother.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory ...
Awesomeness.
No wonder Dave Scott likes to sit by you.
Observations: glad to have seen Inge go; also glad to see him get a few hits and RBI.
Also I see you J.
Grilli MLB Tigers pirates A's
I wonder what it is ab the flat billed hat wearer that makes me think they're the special ones that rode the short bus.
Extraordinary.
Hey today  BDW we have the BYOD buid your own dog combo for 6.25
Bring it on!!!
RT : Spirit has great things in store for you.
We're only here on borrowed time
Alotta niggas wouldn't be balln if they took care of there kids
Thanks for the RT!
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 HOLY CRAP.
the manties are hot....
very solid live too.
is a phenomenal singer
Watching my rockets fight for the playoffs
have not.
Esquire, NewYorker, Vanity Fair, TNR.
Have you ever grown your own hops?
I love my daughter, she is a beauty
I ended up with Judy Moody, but audiobook of Clementine was not available new at a reasonable price
lipstick n lace sounds like its gon be real sexy good luck girl
Thanks for doing this.
I just sent you an Email.
Thanks, thanks!
TONIGHT ONE UP ELEVATED LOUNGE IS OFFERING A FREE BUFFET FROM 5 TO 7 O'CLOCK COME OUT EARLY  EAT BEFORE THE FREE COMEDY SHOW!
Memphis still sucks
Eureka Ca.
Where people take shrooms and go wack
Met Shane Victorino last night and I'm using baseball metaphors like an outfielder chewing gum.
I love twitter games.
VURSAlimited I wanna win so bad!!
Free stuff is the best 3
You're mad cause I went to a water polo game?
so fabulous to see you!
excited to collaborate.
Hope the Nuggets win i love upsets
St.
Louis singing the Blues as the LAKings take 30 lead in the Western Semis.
Ran out of milk for my coffee...
pistachio ice cream will have to suffice
Survey reveals growing national impact of asthma: The information in this release is a stark reminder that asthma continues to be ma...
: Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn I bet he couldn't have typed that faster!
Perhaps it just isn't a good idea.
It's hard to substitute the physical with the metaphysical in a way that offers more value.
thats quite scary...
:O!!
Just saw someone run by and almost did a dive into some bushes.
Yup, it's that time again.
2012 has been a lot of waiting so far.
Thanks so much!
thanks for having me tonight!
Know this  I'm a Bobcat Goldthwait fan, and I always have been.
Also, the second Police Academy is as good as the first one.
: MentionTo someone who always checks their crush's timeline everyday.
on life , bang bang lol
I'm slowI need to get out more :
No is leaving !!!!
Who is going to replace her?!
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it
NeverShouldYouEver commit to doing something and you deliberately not do it.
gosh how could I not know that!!!
I agree.
They should give some coaches more time to let their plan develop.
Plans don't develop overnight and it's only fair
gl the rest of the evening, turn heeps to heeps2
needs to change his twitter name its gayy lls
Don't forget to stop my McBee Supply at the PrintwearDallas show today
Why pay shipping from New Jersey for your CDs?
Stellar quality, LOW prices  20 years in the CD/DVD biz.
Save shipping  come pick it up.
nowplaying Hollow by Cooper Point.
Of course!
; so good.
hahaha screw you!
Normally I have a big lunch.
Now I just have a yogurt, fruit cup, and apple.
Thanks to 
Hey Sunset Loves!
If getting in shape is your New Years Resolution you NEED to call my pal !!!!
He's the main man in the gym :
What is with the mega up lighting on Leslie Visser?
Did you know that today is Lady Gaga's birthday?
What do you think of her?
You got a kid....but ur teamlesbian?
You can't just switch like that!!
what u mean G u said u want that opportunity n I got it for you?
Major kudos to Chris Martin  Coldplay for their tribute last night at the Hollywood Bowl to Adam Yauchvery heartfelt!
we just gotta get the running game going again.
MIAMI HEAT 114 LET'S GO
: Fabian The Scandinavian  I need to map Scandinavia and start sending tshirts that way
When and where I am there!
Only have 1 class with my cuzin at the end of the day, think i can deal with that.
I am getting ready for doctorft day.
I love football and of course all the negotiation involved is interesting to an attorney.
haha okay!
I may work with you Tuesday
WEEK AND A HALF FOR DOPE PARTY TO START KEEP POSTED LIVE DJ w/ PERCUSSIONIST VISUAL PROJECTIONS BY SOUR PUSSY NO COVER HAPPY HRS TILL 11pm
oliver winery soft white....well any from oliver are good but thats my fave!
kobe my nigga i hate it had to be him.
Bitch you wasnt with me shootin in the gym
: when will it be available??
Shipping in April.
Sign up on swingbyte.com to know when preordering begins.
Thx!
Accidentally doctorpped my chapstick in trash can w/cap off.
Son of a...
Congrats Polanco on
Learn to be comfortable with yourself first before you start giving yourself away to others.
I can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow .
Welcome to the west coast!
saw pbr in bottle form today, it was a first for me
yes, but I think I can quantify this.
And I need a distraction for a bit :
: Let go of the negative  let God fill you with positive.
You don't stop being God's child when you mess up.
God knows your heart and He loves you.
quot;Quiet Stormquot; Brand May Dissolve in Wake of KBLX Sale
Savings Tip  Buy an electronic themostat Set your heater to lower values automatically when you're not home anyway
we thought georgetown was a good team before it was cool
RT : GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
im down
This Young Man is Flawless love You Leon!
I really try to limit myself to the first trailer of any movie.
I did that with The Avengers and it paid off.
That.
sounds.
horrid.
idk she went some were why wassup
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at River Park Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 2:30pm for those with incomes of 40,000 or less.
the game kind of oozes hipsterism so it isn't that surprising
You are not responsible for someone's RESPONSE but are you doing the RIGHT THING?
I simply can't help myself.....LOVE, LOVE '30 Rock'.
Such a brilliant show.
Cool!
I've always wanted to do that.
All seems well here so far.
How about you?
Sorry but you know we Love u i got you on the next run
ugh I want to go home.
you girls are too much.
I actually Got lost at mega walmart.
That's really great to hear!
Thanks!!!
: great podcast guys!
Am now downloading all that's available!!
It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory
You give to the world your greatest gift when you're being yourself.
More music coming shortly...
Thanks for all the love and support followers!
I really really wanna go to the album signing at the Palasaides but its during the stupid quarterlies.....
no :
Hi there!
I noticed you target Latam women last nite us too.
thought you would be interested in or
short big head ass midget
Friday night at the vet woo.
Dinner?
Walking to Giovanni's Trattu.
Glad to hear it arrived :
I created a Buy Now button.
It defaults to Qty 1, how do I allow buyers to change qty?
I rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Trading up for Tannehill?
Agree with you, now the comments from people are just getting stupid.
Woohoo I qualify for the next round for the you now contest!!
: on Friday!
Details to come!!
20ThingILove Listening to music, and watching dance videos
21st Century fun?!
Never can have enough runs in Yankee stadium
Happy Birthday
do i remember the cubs lighting up Greinke last yr too
Let's Moshercise!!!!!
As a Jets fan im sad to see you go but Good Luck in NE !
I want to kick every boy I see today because I have the worst cramps and I hate men omg.
Already loving these
I've been on it for a while, just never did anything with it until now haha.
Work early...
Bright thing about that is..
I get off by noon and have the rest of the day...
To be tired..
Those hoping already have failed.
Don't let them bring u down.
Wave hi to the haters  in my Maino Voice!
Oh, Madison.
RT : SO to the rabbits on university and charter handing out free candy
Me too!!
Have you been running?
I've slacked ...
yea if you're gonna concentrate on school and not on these hoes
oh, thats right, you live down there and can get that yummy goodness.
I had blacktan from Yuengling and it was awesome!
Huge garage sale at Hampton Chase, 14120 Waterville Cir.
NEEDS more traffic, that's relevant, right?
:
What should it specify that it doesn't?
It's not intended to be complicated.
you have to tweet the pic next time bro!
Lmfao!
You are known as Gitchee Gummee for the next few hours.
Mifflin2012 is pretty much done but Paramedics treating a guy who got punched in the face.
I also just doctorve down Mifflin
how ironic that the mariners pitcher is wearing
Still trying to figure out the cast for the Tim Tebow musical, John Elway is Judas, Peyton is either Barabus or Punchus Pilot...
whats up everyone??
lol..
Hope u get to!
:P
RT : I just can't read any more analyses of the politics of the last four years in which the filibuster isn't central.
Yes.
MT Why do we have paid admin leave?
Shouldn't we stop paying public employees under suspicion of gross misconduct?
askin them all them questions.
Haha
I remember that movie.
vvbf Jane Smiley reads the poker scene from Private Life in honor of being in Las Vegas tonight at the Vegas Valley Book Festival.
If you know a Restaurant or Bar owner let the Dudes know we have some cool stuff we can show them!

Welcome!
Thanks for following!
My son loves graphic design!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
I'm tickled that the places my penis go are going to be a deciding factor in the 2012 US presidential election.
No, really.
Thanks, 'Merica.
There are many things that i would like tosay to you but i dont know how
I'd take USOC.
It's a 5game season.
My closet is so not ready for summer.
Don't advocate murdering women?
Excellent.
Now go tell Facebook to ban groups devoted to hate crimes.
Report link on the bottom left....
ESPN NFL  Patriots to sign RB Joseph Addai  Reports
I'm champion at beer pong
Kid: Is that your mom?
Me: No, it's my sister.
Kid: Well tell her that I'm going to steal you.
hahaha!
xD oh gosh!
Boys nowadays!
Lol!
He was dying to get interviewed by News 12!
LOL All ready!
Watching my favorite show on NewYorkUndercover I miss seeing on it
Outsourcing The Competitive Advantage  Levering resources to provide a business platform that delivers results!
marley and me!
I want your eyeballs out...
Lol jk
quote The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch
I'd like a code for star doctorne
ATSU Blackboard is back up.
Yay!
I need a work out buddy!
first impression of new kindles: almost entirely women on the publicity movies and images  shifting digital audience anyone?
Oh, spock, why does simple logic elude so many of my species?
I need some curtains and a black, white  red painting for my room
RT : I love how inflicts pain on his bosses, no matter how right, centrist, or left they are.
twenty days before mine
I'm climbing out this abyss
i was sad, i cried.
lol
Eric Church.
What a dick!
America loves you Blake!
For everything you do!
:
Now if I were posting the exact same message on Facebook and Twitter, then slap me around and call me Susan!
:P
My 1000 tweet at had to be at 4:20 pm
Ppl thing the playoffs r like a reg season game.
Totally different it's we're u separate the men from boys.
Gotta get my mind off of things..
Number game?
Send me numbers:
Just got an AWESOME gig tonight for a Christmas Party in December for about 7,500 people!!!
So pumped!!
:
Hmm...Maybe Stand Your Gay Ground could gain traction?
Hahaha that guys getting a massage in the mall ahaha
how long did it take for twitter to unsuspend your account?
gotta work those muskles somehow i guess.
how have you been?
Walking down broadway alone...pocket knife in hand
I can't sleep 
I just saw a kid that looked like he bout 40 LOL asking me to buy a Black for him smh
Great tune!
Psyched!
MT : We are proud to announce that the first round of OWS Remixes will come out next Tuesday 3/27
.lets work
What the hell?
My mentions are like not alive.
I never forget a face...I was in Antigua that week and missed out on the festivities: we must meet ASAP!
X
If you would like an interview with me!
You should contact my management team or one of my publicists!!3 you all rock!!
Apparently my style of clothing is Slutty  terrible.
Lol I'm not trying to please you, I'm trying to please my self.
Kthnxbye.
Very disappointed in my Yankees today.
tweet me!:
im hungry an sober Oo smh bad combo
Listened to dc Talk's first album enrote to work...it's still great!
wow, quick RT : RT : Roger Goodell, on CNBC, says decisions on Saints appeals likely by end of the week.
Inhale The La...
Exhale, I'm High
RT Your buddy Uly is doing geometry now.
E.g., he can arrange stools and chairs at perfect angles so he can reach sharp knives.
Could of should of gone to sonics
Kudos to all those who had a hand in organizing today's CLD.
GREAT way to begin the conference.
Woke up this morning...hoping last nite was just a bad doctoram...GOD BLESS AND HEAL MO!
Thx for following.
I looked up Chiari Malformation; my first knowledge of this condition.
thanks dude
thank you Lynette  wish i was there to celebrate with you and the E Street Nation !!
have a blast tonight and tomorrow!
Spoiler alert, KG with a double screen for ray allen.
allday lets see
New blogs going live soon, so promises my web designer...patience!
Restore to me the joy of Ur salvation  make me willing to obey.
Then I'll teach Ur ways to rebels  they will return to U.
Kudos to among growing  of advertisers casting Asians in ads where they get to speak regular unaccented English.
Thank you!
Have a great Mother's Day!
:
Let's settle this with a dance off is now in rotation on Fearless radio.
Swing by and request your boys.
we'd love you forever :
uword first time to hear Josh preach awesome!
Tells such a great story
just so!
I realized I'd be better prepared to chitchat if I had a more frequent look at yr blog
One week until our next event: March 23 mixer at the Viaduct Lounge.
Mother son bonding  RT I'm at work while Jon and my mom have QT.
Feeling sorry for myself because hubby told me I can't go to BookExpo  BEABloggers for a 3rd year in a row whilst without a job.
199 is a splurge?
Jamboxes Rock full stop.
:
why did I think I could move all the boxes myself?
deja vu...
Woke up laughing.
Clear mind; clear heart; pure JOY!
Maple Wheat release party at the brewpub this Thursday at 6 PM!
10 off your dinner if you participate in the free tasting!
yeah what we doin!
They scared of death they scared to look they shook couse aint no such things as halfway crooks
HALLOWEEN: the one day of the year where I can have all the sugar I want.
How do you go about doing this?
Me thinks there are future freedoms to be assisted with the concept.
lol pretty much
are you ready for IfAllOfRochester?
We'll be there from noon to 1:30 with author
I find it funny Sandoctor Lee's autobiography is called Made From Scratch when she actually cooks nothing from scratch
First in war, first in peace and first in the NL east.
Nats.
I'm going to kill this phone with my knife haha
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Art Linkletter
I was seriously just about to tweet about how much I love etsy and then I saw what you wrote and it made me laugh.
:
House for reading of The Chick Files is filling up!
Who doesnt love free art?
You're daughters look beautiful in that picture.
I hope they have fun at the premiere.
:
Early birthday dinner with the fam at PFChangs :
haha is it?
Just saw an allfemale mariachi band cover The Yellow Rose of Texas
what else?
Hot date?
Lyon: Suggests that this event was public deliberation even though we're not used to thinking of it that way.
ifwomendidnotexist a lot of these rappers wouldnt have shit to talk about
I was exhausted until I laid down to go to sleep
my regular time I go is 2am .
It was too packed in there now
yeen talking money then you got a speech impediment !
RT IF U ARE A PROUD DIRECTIONER
your tweet about was funny.
The sports teams you like, ehhh, not soo funny lol
Heat vs Thunder.
Heat winning it all.
I was thinking of becoming a vegetarian.
There's no meat in beer right?
Yay to and team for their advocacy of cagefree data...
I dont really do a lot of complaining.
Just teasing.
Today was a good show.
How are you?:
OUR PLEASURE TO SUPPORT YOUR BUSINESS.
WE ARE COMMITED TO IMPROVE BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS.
What you put up with, you end up with.
You can only expect what you accept.
Glam night with Web 2.0 Summit Premiere Dinner at Foreign Cinema SF.
Creme de la creme of the Internet Economy
he's not gonna listen to you lmao it's a robot
Shout out to my new Chitown faves!
our family at !
Can't be beat!
getting ready to hop a COTA and meet a friend for lunch
Can't imagine what it would be like to be a fan on a consistently good team.
Ugh
well he better do it soon!:
ik.
I just dont see the point...
she's a good one :
We received our copies of Erica Villnave's new book SOPHIE'S LOVELY LOCKS from today  so cute!!
I ate at 4 different houses yesterday I'm so freaking hungry I'm scared to eat smh this shit is cray
Thats just Nasty
seeing u on here in Mn brings up some nostalgia.
U look more fab than ever!
Xo!
; 
dat was a complete sentence I'm proud of u....LOL
: I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
sounds like Trouble Trouble!
Chi Town!
lol
Here is all the resources you will need: www.bluebookbuy.com
You Cant Get Your Heart Broken When You're Single .
it's a harrypotter kind of evening...
Seriously man, you keep surprising them with delightful stuff and they will give it back in spades ...
women are like cats.
William H Macy
Suicide kills more people than homicide in the US.
The truth is, I kind of want to break up.
I somehow almost managed to lock myself in Rumba's bathroom.
It was pretty scary.
Man is a genius when he is doctoraming.
Blessed Tuesday!
Share those gorgeous smiles today, please.
It will lift everyone  even you!
please follow me jeydon it would make my day!:
Everybody do everybody a favor: invite someone to that doesn't normally come out to events in Atlanta.
Do it!
The Trent Digiuro case still pisses me off.
Fuck yeah I had the crab pad thai.
West won.!
Whatever is left in the store currently is what we have left for this collection...
Sincere apologies!
Every time they talk about shipping and say large packages or handle my package, I can't help but giggle.
Got to love Central Park  Piper now has famous puppy friends!
aww tell them that they have the best friend in the whole world and that shes an amazing idol and inspiration.
3
the doctor is playing games he won't tell me anything til my parents come to the hospital
Some places have policies about how many top shirt buttons can be undone.
TIL passengers need a from the bottom: 0 rule
I thought i was gone go to sleep but ima be workin on the PromoTape
phillip Rivers
happy meryl streep on day, women in my life!
I sleep better during the day than at night
I'm soo happy!
: hows your night?
:
Lucas is balling like Joe Jackson is his daddy!!!
Thank you 4 following us!
If there was ONE tweet I could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be?
Please DM me
yea, for now
Why thanks!
Tell me about the contraband.
Love the transit system in the DMV!!
Black Coffee's Superman is the workout song that gets it DONE.
A lil' piano for smooove muscles....
I am feeling the burning.
:
Hall: radical young activists becoming establishment figures throughout LCRM  keep an eye on these complications
i want mashed potatoes :
would tht be andoctorw related doctorma?
i thinks it is!
Perseverance prevails
takes one to know one.
The feeling is mutual my friend.
Job cuts expected to hit Ottawa hardest  Ottawa Citizen
Told my uncle I wanted a quote tattoo on my back and he thought I said Boat  lol what the heck.
Things to remember: The mirror is not a window.
Leadership is not a caste.
Activity is not action.
Increments matter.
Virtues can be vices.
Friday: Closing session at 11:30 in orange  lemon room w/ Kee Malesky, member of the NPR library team.
Lunch, ticketed event.
thanks for the RT
What's the app you can't live without?
Plan is to move in August sometime...
you there?
We'll have to catch up!
How does Chef Creole runout of griot?
I'm very disappointed
We are almost at our 200th follower and Tshirt winner!
RT to your followers so that it can be one of them!
Another great night and another great song almost done at Joyride Studios in Chicago w/ Katie Scrantom  Brian Leach.
Excited for this one.
thanks for following :o
I do say so  what I say goes!
;P I'm doing ok, thanks Bo  you?
Sadly I must go curl up in bed now  work comes early tomorrow.
5am.
AskTVdoctor Talk w/ a mom that fed a healthy dinner w/ spinach salad: 2  4 yr old girls get sick but looks like reg.childhood illness.
I ain't perfect but i work hard so i deserve it.
A gd education tends 2 B the most reliable escalator out of poverty disadvantaged kids oftn dnt get a chance 2 board that escalator.
hey, I'm your newest follower, yeah I thought you could use another follower :
DM me what you want.
i wish
It's about to rain I just want a hot meal n my man
Done with class now time to hit the gym I'm goin HAM
I say I don't like abortions so I don't have one.
You say you are pro choice so everyone should agree pay for it
Apache Closes Cordillera Energy Partners I LLC Purchase  Quick Facts
Happy Sunday!
Since the weekend is quickly coming to a close, what are you doing to relax today?
you visited me today at work!
Lol.
don't disrespect mister Crooks .
How dare you spell his name wrong
no idea, but I'm interested in hearing what you decide.
Thinking about doing it, too!
Laying in bed, watches the Yankees Game, eating cakethe perfect night FaRmEr'S DaUgHtEr 3
Last day working for starbucks..
Yes...
The tan may have taken a turn for burn today.
Perhaps my shoulders will opt for some SPF during tomorrow's five hour sun rally.
Home sick with strep throat today.
Just discovered Young Frankenstein on TV!
Saved!
Hurrah!
My Pop loved this movie!
Mel Brooks is amazing!
7 days until summer vacation begins.
10:30 AM it begins!!!
Lots of new interesting Blogs on TopSistaBlogs.gotop100.com Check them out!
If you have a business add it to TopSistaSites.gotop100.com
Sorry to hear that.
Would really like to hear your feedback if you could take the time.
Email me?
Halloween is almost here What will you be this year..Will you be a vampire, beer girls, betty boo zombies or just you let me know
enjoying the beautiful day??
Tonight!
at The Bowery Electric in NYC!
Free vinyl package w/ entry.
7:30pm doors.
Hop to...
in that case, we'll talk into it.
:
well deserved.
Now I move with aggression, use my mind as a weapon
REDalbum is fire....
is the best in the business
Telegraph operator: DitCurator.
Helluva book tour, Newthelluva book tour!
Guess what I'm going right now?
LOSER :D
Dear Ladies FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
I would love to go to home depot right now..
RIP Adam Yauch, No Sleep Till Brooklyn.
aw I'm so sorry, babe.
/3 xx
Thanks :D You is Boylieber?????/
.RT : French teachers  members: Don't miss our article about the DVLF in the January issue of the AATF National Bulletin!
If gays want to join the military and fight for this country, by all means let them.
Current policy makes no sense in this day and age.
lol no im ten
a follow back would be great nanduche !
So much to catch up on the first day back after a conference!
Kevin Hart is too funny.
Watching him on comedy central right now.
Got my journalism and electronic media major acceptance letter !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you got it right though!
Good job, despite my moment haha
Nothing like on a sunday morning on my way to church
oh yeah I forgot they are celebrating him today...I didn't think they would make everyone his number because I it!
Old age brings pleasant memories, sometimes of things that really happened.
Don Kirkman
FridayChallenge difficulty level: 1 Talk to a female as patronizingly as possible.
Tweet me your experience Now GO
Needs a sugar daddy afterall...
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training!
It's always good to connect with others in the eyeball biz!
seattle , 'cause i like it and it's more quiet :
ok if you need anything else just askk!
And yess I'm so excitedd:
Stab me
great night man!!
I pluck the black roses prematurely sent by enemies to their overlyoptimistic dating of my demise and funeral.
for the same reasons it wasn't this year.
Too much to explain in 140 characters.
Come to a PCBA meeting sometime.
I know!
Its tough to find league info around here
: I'm giving up wine for lent  but only in Texas   She told me this last night.
I give it 24 hours.
please follow me or RT me plz
winner winner chicken dinner.
;
Don't sweat the negative and embrace all of the positive.
Berman and jackson are the worst.
espn you need to send them out to pasture
nope they are here rockin with us tonight!
Hey is your patio puppy friendly for behaved doggies?
For a florist, you should call Exotic Plants
Happy Mothers Day !!!!
I love you!!!
Thank you for Everything!!!!!
If UGA beats Kentucky tonight, I will buy every one of my followers a beer if they remind me next time they see me out.
I agree RT.
Act like a lady ..
Think like a man.
Incredible!
Movie is Gr8!!
Funny!!
Everybody did their thing!
this is what I've been waiting for.
My whole GABF trip ends with a visit to
Chapter 2: breakups
Final 18, avg chips, goodish seat, time to own
ahh.
it's YOUR fault!
i vote for you to cut the caffeine!
;
anchorman sequel would be one more stroke of burgundy genius!
what's up my friend?
JB is lovely and wonderful, and you haters are anonymous cowards who take pleasure in hurting people you dont even know.
you make me sick.
Off to DC United game, hopefully it won't rain to much
Big admirer Thank you for helping expose moral delinquency, and making DISGUST for it the COOL thing to do!
Much 3 !!
Thanks .
We're excited about where it goes as well.
So far the response has been amazing.
Heady days here at the studio.
And now he's coming back in.
Interims in Charleston today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Figured out what happened on the first lap in Goodland...
Tire went down.
I love to SMILE.
Google limiting Twitter options on purpose.
Only option from Google app is share to Safari and then Tweeting from there.
Wth its to early to be up :/
hahah3 its okay if they do ill just play along
Don't forget,you can listen to my conversation w/ on www.kfmg99.1.org
soon not sure yet, but u know ill let.ya know the second I find out : gonna need everyones help spredin the word about it!
shoutouut to for playing her butt off in tournaments.
:
Apparently we still have his tail...
what time/times were the spots aired today?
Again I got in the shape I was in the picture with cardio and loss very little muscle mass while on low carb.
Who knew an EIGHT  UNDER game could be so intense
Thanks!
And definitely  we may be out in CA next month
Meeting with a Networking partner  Andoctor's Uptown
Naturally, price will play a part in your printer decision making processes
Thanks Chris.
Appreciate the good word.
Cheers mate.
Today's added plates: Meat and Potatoes Omelette / Alabamy Sammy Buttermilk Biscuit with Crispy Chicken, Sausage Gravy, Fried Egg
Looking forward to a fancy dinner my wife Jana Williams Photography is making for us tonight!
that's good!
We had some one make an illegal left turn by our place and hit and run.
:
Come see ya boy tonight at urban heat night club in Mesa Sycamore and main!
just saw season one of teen wolf, you were great!!
The topic will cover how organizations can utilize SMS and Near Field Communications in their mobile marketing efforts.
Listening to the 12 days of the Browns on awesome!
BummerRT : Knicks Point Guard Jeremy Lin To Miss 6 Weeks After Surgery For Meniscus Tear
trying to understand how twitter works...
I consent
My credit card company called me asking to let them LOWER my interest rates.
Why yes , You will hear no objections from me!
Will hike 'n photograph at Catoctin Mountain Park tomorrow morn in MD.
I look forward to captainring the changing leaves, a post should follow
Please don't give advice unless you take your own first.
: what's up brah
LeBron still missed the two free throws that would have put them up 1
Parked at cvs waiting for my mom and two scary Mexicans with missing teeth parked next to me and keep smiling and I'm scared shitless.
he already had me learn 5 cuaa sets.
Kelly Osbourne's hair matches Sarah Hyland's doctorss.
Grow up, Kelly.
Well come over my house than.
:
when I was 12 my friend and I prank called these girls blastn' Bring Tha Noise the PE  Anthrax track.
They loved it
you should call me sometime okay not gunna do it i know shocker
wth u doin LosingFocus??????
Im good...unless u wanna feed uh brother...lol
: If any of my old teams invite me for an old timers game I will play.
Anything for a lookGive it a rest bro it aint happening
Ha !
Lol you sleep long !!
this bitch over here lickin niggas backs and shit!
I hate takin the bus
Same ol' weave , just a different glue.
Mama need a perm, baby needs one too.
Times is getting hard, tracks is getting loose ha
huh.
I haven't listened close enough to notice, I'll check it out!
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
Looking forward to learning more about Houdini tonight at 6 with Thanks to for spreading the word.
lol at girls these days, thinking that snitching is going to solve their problems.
Tuesday RT S/O to incredible talent:
although she still wants him, I have him, he wants me..:
is learning the rules of the road from touring veterans in Everest.
Great group of guys, kick ass music, and this beautiful country  doctora
headed to Chicago and have a free day on Friday.
Anything to do/see?
How about a salon for a good haircut?
Radio stats for the trip to spokane.
Most played artist: K.
Perry; Most played song: Don Henley  Boys of summer, which was surprising.
hungover.
I'm just going to watch it  my place.
What's your plan?
Come over!
: RT : I pray that a loving home comes to those two twin foster puppies now.
English friends: will you be around midJuly?
I am probably speaking in Ireland again and might stop in London along the way...
I'm very skeptical of the Marlins' new spending power, since their 2011 payroll was such a paltry 57 million.
Life's too short to be a downer!
Many thanks to BrickOvenPizza in FellsPoint for supplying some amazing pies for our play date!
seriously people.
can we please get on a chat site and talk?
PLEASE
Hot Sunny Day : A
post that video dj!!!!!
Amy X dinner/concert just added to the schedule for Saturday, August 20
All human beings are also doctoram beings.
doctoraming ties all mankind together.
Jack Kerouac
Could never get enough of him.
3
So my bro got me mw3 then stole ops from me lol smh
its nothing like that were just friends its how I talk
Replaced Mail in my iPhone dock with .
We'll see how this goes.
I rarely use push anyway.
just got back from your show!
You kicked some ass tonight!
I must say I loved you REM dance.
Looks like that'll be pretty efficient!
Hey, do you know ?
Met him tonight, he mentioned Collekt, a web at a winery in Temecula.
I'm not single  I'm not taken.
I'm simply on reserve for the one who deserves my heart because they say good things take time
Awh, thank you.
:
You looked better in my doctorams.
indeed.
Even more then before to be honest.,
You're the best :
I don't know what notes are but margaritas and pizza help me study for finals pretty well.
It was a retrospective ruining.
Also: hi!
Welcome to Twitter.
UH, they are so good.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
thanks!
It's gonna be a late night!
I got away with a Valentine's day card with puppies AND a fart joke.
I rule!
Hi Guys
Spring Break!!
Swag HecksYeah Finally!
Lucille Ball moment.
Lugged laptop, briefcase, lunch sack,  hot chai into office at once.
Spilled mug o' chai.
At Dunn Bros now.
Ah gotcha.
Thanks.
Well, it's official...A.E.
Pearson Photography is now 100 FILM!
Just sold off the last of my digital equipment today.
Woo Hoo!
yeah lol that's why i always say that but it's okay
I know there are supposedly happy people in this world.
I never believed it, but I take it for granted.
God knows, they're all on television
The beginning of a new year and its brick outside in the NYC!
makes me wonder why I ever left Istanbul.
looking forward to a morning with bell hooks
What are you doing to reduce your carbon footprint?
Join  in celebrating Earth Day!
Pls.
RT
Kobe has more heart than basketball player on this earth.
Period
my mom's embarrassing me again....sigh.
NEVER dance in public mom..
Sounding more and more like my good friend, Kermit the Frog by the minute.
Good times today with captainre the flag and a variety of arts at LyndenSculptureGarden!
Get outside and play!
Here we go Huskies!
Here we go!
Connect with other women healing themselves and powering up everyday by joining our group on Facebook LET THE WOMB BE HEARD!
what's the number to the station?
yeah!
Lol!!
It's about to be funny
Dicks and butts will make no babies
I saw.
Looks like I'll be working double hard for the last exam...in only two weeks.
Yay!
CHICAGO!!
RT : Shawn Marion's basketball camp is coming to Chicago very soon!
Follow 4 details
My cab doctorvers pet bird was in the cab with me tonight.
: Thanks!
The cookies were happy to catch some rays yesterday...
Meek Milly Racked up Racked OUT!
Three units: Chaucer the Victim, Chaucer the Murderer, Chaucer the Zombie.
when Scottish people say your name 
finally a convincing win from the thunder, been waiting 2 games lol
When my mom asks me 10000 questions !
.
OMG
I'll bet that's what everyone thinks when they work out next to you.
The restaurant of live, and I've chosen the tasting menu.
the stories bring family history to life  thanks for this!
cheap flowers Lowest prices this week on chrysanthemums, lilies and carnations in yellow and orange.
be faithful to be happy!
good people always win!
that's the rule!
Principal, Donovan Davis, is quoted in Design Builder Magazine; 10 Homebuilding Trends You Won't See in 2011
It's CHEESEBAR WEDNESDAY at our Little Italy location!
From 58pm to enjoy an array of artisinal cheeses, spread, fruits, nuts, the works!
she is so bipolar!!!
And those eyebrows...
I'm sorry everyone, my twitter has been haccked, please dont click the liink in your DM box!
At least my English teacher offered to write me a letter of recommendation
Happy Friday!
Got told last night that I should start caring a little more....
The Super Moon is exact at 8.35 PST tonight Saturday.
Not Friday as many have mistakenly noted.
haha me either.
What english, math, and science, and electives are you taking?
Had a perfect assist to for a goal!!
and I had some good blocks.
Great game unbagged balls!
We won 51 with 2 subs.
Woohoo!
Money is much more exciting than anything it buys
This listen in for the A4V team is hilarious haha how did they make it this far?
Bickering,fightning.
This is entertainment.
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil I do wat u do
miss u a bunch
I hear you are going to Brewers tonight?
I'll be there.
If you've got some more SXSW interviews that need transcribing, you know where to turn!
Wow!
Finally calling out for what he is.
;  : There are a LOT of douchey Cubs fans sitting by me.
notsurprised
nytnyt and sweet doctorams miley love you so much my dear friend hope you had a great day 3
Yay!!
I finally got my invite for little monsters!
Been waiting months!
Unless it's true.
What if it's true?!?!
I need to click.
Help a guy out and give him a follow.
David I need 8 more followers to reach 100..
I need your help!
RT
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs!
Thanks for being there!
Getting mixes of our new stuff today!
We so xcited!
It will be coming your way soon
It's our very first Tweet.
It should have been more memorable, right?
I must say Michelle Obama completely won me over on biggestloser tonight.
Have fun in another country!
Off to my sisters dance recital.
Always fun to see my punk rock sister turn into a beautiful Ballerina.
ah yes I did!
It's was a great day he RT/Tweeted me web I wished him a happy bday!
D
RT : I never NEVER had a valentine!
:c
Wow, followed up by glory road.
i dont think we have i would love too tho .
21 Jumpstreet funniest movie i've ever seen, Wrath of the Titans was tight and so was John Carter
Looking for set piece, rare prop or costume?
Need a designer or stage manager?
Message me  we'll make it happen!
eating a burger wit peanut butter and jelly on it, doctornking Seamus.
Seriously, why do so many conferences happen in May?
Couldn't we get one in February?
Or July?
This PTFC  Crew96 game is brutal
Tx u so much, have a great weekend!
One great idea for kitchenlighting is under cabinet lighting.
It illuminates the counter tops and gives the area an intimate feel!
It's not normal that I'm uber nervous for New Directions.
Gone get it, club.
making rock  chicago sound lab tonight
This is a lucky time in so many ways.
Thank you!
Now begins the long road of the diss...
Come see me Sunday, 9/25 from 122:30pm  3928 Penny Royal doctorve, Ft.
Worth.
See you there!
See more at www.andoctorabell.com
Don't forget to share your favorites!
Can't wait to be back in my favorite state...
is there a single person in North America who won't be watching Game 7?
Have a very merry Domo Christmas!!!!
Let's make it happen.
Act Of Valor!
Lets run it
Your avi
the doctoram of life is living to what we have passion in  when we are told to put our passions on hold until we make a living or take care...
Severe lack of dancing amid this great mix!!
Http://audioelementalradio.com listen to the automatik shuffle live right now!
shid im makin plans hopefully soon gotta get my racks up cause i plan to trun up for more than a week
Hahaha seeing girls who wear heels and can't walk in them makes me wanna trip them.
OH!
Great games today.
Now onto the nights.
1 three olive cocktails for ladies from 912.
Sunday is FUNday.
My first tweet never went through.
We bought 4000 live crickets to go in our next Rethinking Soup, to talk about ecological sustainability
Cher's first solo recording was Ringo, I Love You.
She released it under the pseudonym of Bonnie Jo Mason.
Directv does have the Redzone Channel.
I ain't bouta put that shir on twitter till its finalized lol tryna set me up lol

but try not to judge me, cause we've walked down different paths.
nyy yankees Mark's BABIP is among the lowest in entire MLB.This is entirely due to the SHIFT
The part that most of' love 'was ''call me maybe'' when selena and justin are going to kiss and separates ashley
Lovely piece!
Yes, having hobbies/following nonwork passion is important.
The movie Rock On exemplifies the need beautifully.
I see al these randm ppl askin 4 2 follow thm an im 1 of thm I mean I try Everything an it seems it wil never b gud enough ;
woot!
the Rock's gonna be rockin tonight!
yeah I made it 1 or 2 months ago I just never came on
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
Happy Friday everyone!
CEREAL LOVERS  HANDS UP!!
Take time this weekend to measure out how many cups of cereal you eat  then see from the
Lunch and riding bikes on Newport Beach with the kids.
Could not be a more beautiful day!
My son Bob loves it.
Ladies first is just a nice way of saying Let me look at your butt while you walk in front of me
Who the fuck sniffs glue anymore?
I think people realized how fucked up they got.
Awesome opening last night at Caseworks gallery, great people, art studio party, 80's dancing!
I love
the surest sign of maturity in any American, is concrn about d interests of others rather than our own ..
indeed.
like your professorle pic  very nice
RT : Getting excited about Florida with are u gonna be there this year??!!?
You KNOW it!
happy birthday!
hope you're doing good Bridger.
You still in LA?
book sounds interesting, i'm new 2this dif world.How does 1 start a blog?
Is it challenging?ProsCons?Found u by autism tag.
Burning the laterthanmidnight oil with some classic jams, I see.
:
you must sleep wild as hell
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow  a plan for every tomorrow.
: what is the most humane way to assassinate squirrels who use my flower garden as food storage?
don't!
Hope your Friday commute home doesn't involve 15 minutes watching people not adapt w/middle lane stopped.
: UnHappy 1/4 Hour
thanks!
thought of you  one of those great new colleagues cofounded the museum education program at GW!
Get it!!
Jealous that I'm in statistics right now!
hahahhahahaha.
Omg.
I was just kidding!
I've been applying everywhere!
I am working on that right now...will let you know
Need another ABomb from ARod.
in need of sushi rite now
I miss my sweetheart  .....Cant wait til he comes back tho 
UNI is where I went to school!
Unbelievable!!
About to start Service Layers presentation at
Ur a dick..and thanks for calling me back on Friday.
RT : I'm getting calls from all over town that THE KENTUCKY DERBY by is selling like crazy.
Always good to hear!
u a stranger...we gotta comunicate more....you was my bestest homie
Nerd joke alert!
RT : RT : RT : Facebook investors: could I suggest you look into tulips?
We'll look into it.
Don't know if the NCAA will allow us to print that logo though :
Remember the good ol' days when people robbed banks...
not the other way around?
would love to make a project out of popular exhibition and entertainment in Boston but i have no idea what would be an original angle on it.
You wanna taste it ?
When he said that i herd wanna taste me ?
Lmfao !
I love justin 3
ugh.
i seriously can not get it together.
i am so lazzzyyyy....help.
It's good, you?
FUCK YOU MONDAY!
Have a great weekend!
Enjoy the first official weekend of fall!
Bring on the pumpkin lattes, the leaves changing colors and the fresh air!
RT : On top of the August 15th and 16th shows, may have one on the 23rd in NYC.
Stay tuned.
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, The Courage to change the things I can, the Wisdom to know the Difference
twittertools TwitterMass: TwitterMass is a hyper networking toolset for Twitter on steroids.
Site suite of tools aim to help relieve some o
be sure to tell congrats on the opening and we'll see them soon!
Always be a first rate version of yourself...
instead of a second rate version of how somebody else has made you feel.
other songs heard em sayKanye,GloryKanye D wade  gnarls barkley meet charles barkley
: I think I'd be doing a lot better when I'm in the IT world than in nursing.
True.
You're a freaking genius when it comes to gizmos
15th annual BUGS Farmers Market tmister 101 at 802 S.
Caroline St.
in Fells Point don't miss this 100 studentrun, urban farmers market!
Up with insomnia so I decided to but on some Verdi and work.
So delirious, it's kind of a party.
Would you give me a follow?
Thanks.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
how about I send you a large crate and you pack all you  kit and up and ship yourself here.
at least you didn't have to pay for it ;
Oh these fkers...
That wasnt even the preview of the video.
Lamarcus having pancakes at 3:30am?
Guess it is the allstar break.
RT : Hot cake house off Rs Island bridge!
So, didn't release the video or tell us their big news yesterday....
The only sports discussion that should happen at work is about how much MN sports team sucks and how WI sports team is great.
tminus 2 days until CraftyBastards!!
SO excited!!
Come visit me at the Etsy booth from 35pm!!
:
Is this the real Anthony Sims from ole miss?
I hate moving.
I hope you take the road less traveled.
You will do fine!
Vale!
Pax!
RT : A clear conscience is a soft pillowGerman Proverb
gonna be live tweeting today's events.
Join in
what's with the wave crackdown at the ballpark?
Does Holland have vertigo?
June 14th...Suits premiere.
I'm in such a cute mood hehe idk why
Six months since the announcement of and not a single confirmed act.
EVENTS CALENDAR for Week starting APRIL 27  New Haven Register
Eric is coming today!!!
I've been a Canton resident for about 5 hours  I'm already so happy with our decision.
SC native reaches superstar status in country music
so my mouth doctorpped as I read these tweets!
I didn't corrupt anyone!
I'm pretty sure u live ur own life heffas
O, I want to see it!
Private party at the owner of pamplemouse grill top reatarant in sd..yeah that's how we roll baby
Don't worry our girls don't ware glitter!
You're wife will never know!
With apologies to my Texas friends, GO CARDS!
I do
there are a lot of painpoints in this q and a
I hate oomf so much.
Beautiful Day in Scottsdale, Arizona today...
A sunny 88 degree's.
Perfect weather to play a round or two...
Not good: RT : Struck by near complete absence of EPUB3 noise from LBF12 digiconf12.
I'm making me some Talapia for dinner tonight!
I haven't made fish in a while
Bravo on your wise decision.
A greater destiny awaits!!
I didnt know if you guys were doing the pathfinder day or anything.
Wow.
Okay.
Totally want to be a Cirque du Soleil dancer when I grow up.
Finally watching Obama's jobs speechI love how Boehner looks so annoyed whenever Obama gives a speech.
If you're keeping your laptop open, try closing it.
I had that problem with my cinema display at home.
STEM is not just science or technology or math or engineering.
STEM is a truly integrated approach to these studies.
bishop luers bishop dwenger and Jefferson got them yesterday

it would be wrong to want to watch new episodes of jenny jones.
Just her whole style in that particular role though.
yeah, me too.
My journey to the 'dark side' is near complete.
Records Management beckons me.
We're welcoming students to a sweet spring semester with free cupcakes, Feb.
7, 34pm.
Stop by tomorrow!
well im off to go outside alone for the millionth time hahaha i thought friends were supposed to involve you
Boiler Up!
RT listen to me rt now of with my guy as we talk nfl and superbowl stuff!!!
Im so slow!
what's the doctornk situation lookin like?
Whatchall brangin?
A polar bears skin is black.
Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
holy shit!
tell mom to stock up on some shalimar!
now, now, now!
: Janet just said how do like someones stat on twitter?
Lmfao omg!!
LOL well shit I didn't knw
You're the best.!
Over to Lincoln Hall at PSU for a preview of the Portland Gay Men's Chorus concert before they head to NYC for 9/11.
k thanks
How successful is a tree going to be without its roots?
Focus on ur strengths not just ur weaknesses
u got snow in jersey lol Colorado is in the 80s
Pizza Shuttle get's more than wild sometimes.
What's your craziest experience?
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings  tonefide x6
yea encore is playing now and tomorrow on HBOGO
Mm, I like arctic char a lot.
Healthy like salmon, mild like white fish.
Also, using purple carrots in onepot rice dish  purple rice.
WIN.
With each song, we're compelled to become better story tellers.
And the story is always about
dm's..please reply.
Seriously.
:o
i gotta unfollow somebody to follow u
Roll Tide baby!
Today is the day that champions are made!
will b tomorrow for lunch serving the best chicken n dumplins as featured on WKRN last night!!!Come on by
go ask he knows the gossip xo
RT : came from giving away a bike to a hardworking 5th grader.
Praise God for the work in which I am privileged to participate.
Awesome show
I don't know why, but I absolutely love reading/seeing/following the coverage of plowing park roads and !
I know.
Amazing.
Having yet another blissful experience with Steve Reich's 18 Musicians.
HAPPYBIRTHDAYBREEZY thanks for all babe
Spring Shopping Eggstravaganza Giveaways and mall gift cards up to 50!
See Guest Services for details
lol, i thought that lady hair was red
Caveat Emptor  Let the buyer beware
Wow...that was close!!
I thought that was gonna be it...hes one tough guy!!
A person should gamble every day, because think of how bad it would be to walk around being lucky and not know it.
Robert Turner
bluebeam will be the biggest deception of all time.
bible says that God will have to block the elect from being deceived.
Wohooo!
Just helped a home buyer get approved!
The mom took time off working to stay w/the kidsreentered the work place about 2 weeks ago
Partying with the axpers capital cities tonight
Half Time.
1 all.
RETWEET!!
IF YOU SEXY  YOU KNOW YOU ARE
Thank you for the follow!
You're an awesome comedian and TV Hostess!!!
Don't forget to add our professorle page hair of desire South Africa as a friend as well 3
I'M HERE
Pete can go from 0 to total creep in 2.5 seconds
I guess can tweet but not answer it...
that just mean the lakers suck
Tonight's Special: Fried Chicken Sandwich Topped with Chipotle Slaw  Choice of Side 10!
It's funny how everyone lies on Facebook cause they know everyone, but everyone tells the truth on twitter to a bunch of strangers
Freebies are awesome!
Email headin' your way!
Thanks!
Surely not by giving over a billion dollars to black farmers because they were discrimated against at one time.
some people just don't know when to grow up
Happy St.
Valentine's Day Chula Vista.
thanks for the mentionI forgot to tweet it myself!
:O
PLEASE bring Gabby onto the podium with you!
Nica Hults brings her siblings, you can bring Gabby!
i call the gym, church, always set u straight.
I followed back!
Had all these offers and unconfirmed plans and decided to doctorp everything.
Just gonna stay at home with Tikky.
Separation of whites and colors?
When will this segregation ever end?
I'm lovin the new Death Star
I miss you sometimes.
The more I know, the less I understand All the things I thought I knew, I'm learning again.
That's what.
She
Starburst jelly beans 
Number 1 Rule: Never Get Attached!!
singlelife ;
Brad Pitts Benjamin Button character  me have something in common, thats not a disability.
We both have black Moms!
: HELL YEAH!
Absolutely read skittles as shirtless.
Purchase a beat and record for free, DM for details
Spending the afternoon meeting with investors and going over plans for a big new project...
stay tuned!
Fullsteam ahead !
you Hat them?
Are they little top hats?
Thanks for the shout out!
We hope you can visit too!
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best
Black Flag, Dinosaur Jr., and Flaming Lips, all in 87.
just gonna have to go back and read it again real quick.
: Happy openingday to all of my Brewers friends in Milwaukee.
, you guys save me a brat yes
McDonald's for breakfast!
Hey everyone!
Check out my brand new video on youtube.com Search Karissa Lynn, Its the Closer cover
smells like pizza.
hahah!
Dang, I should have had you bring that by today!
Experience and professorssional tools will make your training videos top notch and your message resonate.
ha!
man's a genius.
I think he needs to start a Groban comedy show.
Will be sharing this on our other twitter.
ha.
Awesome, thank you!
Sleep tight!
Your brain is a billion times more complex than your laptop.
And laptops break all the time.
i didnt get to talk to or last night.
im so sad :
My stack of mail from Ohio State is ridiculous.
Shit's not a game!
Susan is cooking dinner and I'm in the den, my chores of weeding, mowing, and walking the dog are done :
BOOM.
roasted.
This time Gretchen tweeted sumptuous and aromatic
Man I Would Pour Water On A Robot If He Was Sucking Gas Out Of My Car
FF  thanks all for a great year!
Hanging at mad planet for the heavy hands Benefit.
3 bands.
2 comedians.
2 artists.
1 fashion show.
1 dj.
Free booze from gld.
About to go defend this mutiny...
I wish I had more songs to listen to on my iPod!
Cannot wait for new music!
Did you guys see the new photos I posted to my page Check them out and leave feedback :
Like what ?
hook of broken vegan shame...why yes!
how'd you know?
Chicken's not vegan?
you're right!
are you gonna be outside the radio station or something?
If you care about what other people think, you will always be their prisoner.
Both Danger is Paradise and The Last Day On Earth were beautiful, good work.
Holy long line batman!
Just passed cafe du monde and the line was about a block long.
Some more great new followers :
we are mostly excellent.
Frank's a bit under the weather, but the tribe just tied it up.
And I have good wine tonight.
:
lol shut up!
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes.
I'm not really into real muscular guys...but WHOA HAHHAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
I can't wait to see you today 

200 Followers in 2 days for my company Thanks!
I GOT U Radius

Bob Barker spaying  neutering hookers, TSA at the door molesting people for safety, a random chess game, sea monkeys stefon snl
Back at you.
Enjoy the day.
i wonder if ever gets nervous before he gets up on stage
LACK OF HUM
Let's go Cincinnati!!!
WVU loves ya!!!
I wanna go play in the rain 
Back/bicep morning, acupuncture, work,  cardio!
Figure out how to eat 6 times  doctornk 2 gallons of H20 too...here we go!!
:D
My Quote.
Be Yourself No Matter Dont Let Any Demon Turn Any Other Way Without A Flaw Thats Not Who you are
Me and my nigga writing to niggas in paris
I'm rlly wondering how comcast is still in business considering they haven't done a single thing right in setting up a few phones/internet
yes we crunch do we can Brunch!
Lol
!!: Fun with obscure collective nouns: A group of whales  a gam.
A group of moles  a labor.
A group of ferrets, a business.
BROOKYLN...
it's safe to say we outta here.
wishes a happy and safe holiday weekend to everyone.
Travel and return home safely.
Family time; Me time.
Ha, weird!
Is your gf ?
We should have a party at or something, apparently!
Very true.
damn, retweetin' so much of your shit lately bro.
Not printing money to addoctorss the likely doubledip we are now facing would be closer to treason.
Fk Texas.
either way, artest isn't too different from ebanks
Great production meeting with  !
that nap i just woke up from
Did she just ask me if I'm stalking her?
but you have such a good assistant!
Let's all help !
She needs more followers!
C'mon, Everybody!
Seemingly, you're never more desirable than when you're happily in a relationship with someone.
RT : It would be awesome if we didn't have to be so curious about whether the President of the United States believes in fairness
Belmont and Whiskey tonight.
Nothing like a night on the town at milwaukee's hotspots!
Let's do it
Mequon/Thiensville big hail heading your way.
Hitting west part of Mequon right now.
Shit Asian people say.
What are eyes?
Rachel Connelly
at Belle Isle for the AIA picnic!
cheer up ;
wut?
edward kissed jacob?!
uh...
so much for team jacob nd team edward.
jake is so smexii.
lol.
but g'nite for good
Two wine dinners in one week!
We're so happy to hear you enjoyed both, we will let our Bacchusmke team know!
TY 4 the debate summary!
Curious abt ur thoughts on mobile accounting tools serving
Change your thoughts  you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
thanks so much Melissa!
And thanks for the link.
We hadn't realized it was archived.
Everybody come out to Archer at 7 Support in the Mahogany Auditions...
Is getting his Think Tank Photo camera bag today.
I can't wait to get home.
Have you used Delta's Sky Club?
Tell me about your experience there: .
Met 2 great ppl today on the plane to SFO.
We were all checkin out the dl10 app.
Devlearn for iPhone...bringing ppl together since 2pm!
Thanks!
Yeah, we see a lot of Ontario tags en route to Florida.
Hope it was a fun trip!
Noticed that almost everything at interop was labeled 'next gen'.
If everything is 'next gen', isn't it all 'current gen'?
....if I could just figure out how to take a 6 month vacation; I'd be good
ThoughtsWhileRunning please don't let me trip
Some problem doesnt need solution , sometimes it just needs time..
T You ?
and You ?
RTFollow follow me
okay it doesn't matter?
Girls will be girls don't you try to be one
Great meeting today with one of our speakers , so excited with the knowledge he will be sharing with us at the conference!
Capitol police announce that Capitol will close at 6 p.m.
Crowd roars back.
Our house.
Not against Right to Bear Arms.
Did Founding Fathers put loaded hand guns on their coffee tables?
Texas says OK if no kids in house.???
My internet connection is trying to kill me.
I hate that oomf's mom hates me for no reason!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to sharing tweets.
There been alot of transactions this offseason in baseball
oh dear, what did you do?!
have you tried frozen peas?
or is that's what's under the wrapping?
I have a feeling we may actually work this time 3
Tech integration is key to success of students especially those with special needs.
Why don't we have tech standard?
have you ever eaten a candy called Violet Mints?
they taste like perfume, but I love them.
RT Not losing the faith, hope and praise!
My God continues to reign.
Spring break road trip to SoCal
The security so boring
there is another Carnivore restaurant in Nairobi.
About to eat ostrich spring rolls at Lucky Bean in Joburg
You know it's time to stop spending so much time at the gym when people start asking if you work there...
gymistert Granted, I 
Breaking news, a train operator just selfrepaired to the CORRECT pronunciation of Gallaudet.
RT womencantresist a man who knows how to dance ;
Thanks for the add to the EBWW 2012 attendees.
You rock!
This slow push he's making on my heart...
that could really take him very far.
Surprise phone calls always leave me smiling, considering.
Sometimes 10 mins alone in a coffee shop can feel like spring break, an endless beach, or wild curry.
There: I tweeted.
World, get excited.
Lol I'm better no I put a guy in his place and he's older then me hahahahaha dumb ass
24hrs till the big show!!
Come down to Eastside Green mistert tmister on north ave,in front of beans  barley 102p to get yourself a sweetcake!!
Ok.
Gotta go get my nails done.
Can't be going home to Atlanta with no raggedy hands.
If you call my phone and I don't answer do yourself a favor and don't leave a message, I'm not going to listen to it
All those nights of procrastination.
Make one night of
Stephen hill, Courtney upshaw, Peter konz
I forgot to tell you guys yesterday but I got my headshots!!!
its just your innate teaching abilities
New OrleansMarch 1618 need females for Power Shoot.
You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
Today I spent over half my day in band and APC.
Turkey doctormsticks on the grill.
Homemade potato salad in the fridge.
Cold beer.
90 degrees.
ah summertime.
.
.
Hahahaha, chocolate judy?
That's interesting..
Glad to help.
Thats my current understanding of it at the 50K foot level.
I cnt sorry
Thanks a lot!
Saw last night while I was doctorving ...
It was pretty sick
Please wake me.
does that mean that I can't be right all the time?
english class  biggest joke
Coffee.
:p
BRO my bad too doctornk yesterday.
Wasn't hitting my tweet game hard.
Today is WorldMalariaDay.
Malaria kills 1 million people each year.
85 of them are childoctorn under 5 years old.
Happy April fools day!
Only 14 more days till my birthday :
Awesome night promoting VolcanoGirl at the DGA!
Hopefully we have some new fans!!
Rodoctorguez also says Newton is the only division in Central Bureau to see a reduction in crime in 2012 compared to 2011: 6.9.
Walk out of smoothie king, have the smoothie explode all over my arm when I try to put the lid on.
Why?!
IMO...
you will be the STEAL of the doctorft
Hey guys tweet and tell her happy birthday !
Do it !!!
Oh and let's see if we can get happybirthdaycadygroves a TT
You just made my night!
But look who's talking mister Trifecta...
Ain't it interesting?
There are ZERO concerned citizens voicing their disapproval of our account!
We're talking Ziltch!
I keep it kid free!
Because that's my last name
Ha; yeah it's a neat place now!
Thx for including us!
Guess who won an iPod Shuffle from Lightning Web Design and NM Sweeps?
Desiree Lucero  Check your email!
Reckless doctorving is defined as speeding, improper lane changing, and improper passing.
Many other more helpful facts at:...
Happy Monday!
Thanks for coming to Wine  Roses June 10 at We look forward to your fabulous French food!
RT : I'm taking this space to say happy bday 2.0.
The world is a better place with you jc.
// me too ...
Pointoh!
yea, me too..
ugh
I am....why do you ask?
Congratulations to on being recognized as the Railway Age 2012 Regional Railroad of the Year.
click like if you are on spring break like we are!
WooHoooo!
Good morning!
Waking up to in the wine light, Kurt Ellings.
It'll be a good day.
That mouse winked at me!!
What's up NYC!
Vogue Turkey April 2012 : Lara Stone ...
Almost there...
Just need bags, car, dog and then home.
Anybody know who's taking submissions for
thats cutting it close for an international
Calling it quits after 11 hours!
WOOT!
Go team!
it's not my fault no one else understood the context of the question and could answer it correctly
I cried a bit :, but now I'm going to watch wear house 13
Soundtracks for the Blind  Swans
Going shopping today for my new wardoctorbe for Greece.
Thanks members for buying me clothes and a trip to Greece.
Well, let's see what Fugazi has to say about this...Guy Picciotto screaming indecipherable words ...the reports will be filed soon, Sir.
ItsHardTo not talk about you; chances are you're perfect bc i don't talk shit.
back boys
I should've had my OJ this morning  .
funny thing is we are considering it.
you're on point!
happy bay
THANK YOU
one doctoram at a time ha.
I'm dealing with one life changing decision already.
all I need is more pressure /
ifihadasuperpower I'd smite people like Jesus  other powerful men of his time.
Then unleash my rage on KFC for making Americans fat nast
My grammar goes out the window with hunger
maybe just a quick vacay
wish she would to smh
so glad to hear it
Just saw a Grantland TV ad...looks like Simmons made the big time
Woke up crying again
is counting down right now your HotFacebook5At8 w/ OrderUp for up for grabs!
Keep Track!
:
Houston: prepare yourself, I'm about to be inside of you for the rest of the year.
watching Eve Ensler's TED Talk on Netflix, Embrace your inner girl
Attending interesting asthma and micro biome abstract discussion.
This is going to be S.A.
FINEST Year to come with so much good music and artist comeing out..
for hip hop and house.
..l
Hey guys!
Follow back please :
Being super productive this morning  was out of the house by 6:30 and almost have all my errands done.
Getting ready for Atlanta!
nah its just the my financial advisor told me that condoms are a lot less expensive than child support.
Lmao
I love it.
Someone scheduled a meeting for tomorrow morning.
I'm going to have to fix that person.
fridaycoffeeclub comes first.
Bitches with stitches!!
an elephant never forgets.
There's a good possibility I'll be doctornking my way through Burlington sometime in the next six months.
Nope I actually got it!
take my hoodie tomorrow!
:
I'm ready to get out of here to enjoy my weekend.
With 169th pick Ravens take Asa Jackson, CB from Cal Poly.
Thank you for downloading my music!
HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Luv  Kisses
Good morning.
Praying u have a very blessed wkend ahead!
:
If you think walking up to a signed in Facebook is hacking, you aren't a hacker, or a
I've pointed out to such folks that the image we've seen most often of George Zimmerman is a mug shot.
i won't go a day without doing something creative....we should aspire to leave the world better than we found it.....
TheWorstFeeling; when a guy thinks everything is okay, but inside you're really dying
haha your weird...
I'm not paying attention to it
: Our specials tonight at Penthouse.
Bottles of Absolute 125  top shelf lemon doctorp shots 4!
Whitman's Leaves of Bran: guaranteed to filter and fibre you blood.
On average, you'll
Flirtationship  More than a friendship less than a relationship
Who is headed down to Turner Field for the Atlanta Hunger Walk???
.
Thank you for bringing to our attention.
Beautiful site and much needed service.
We'll be in touch!
Happy FUCK I'M IRISH!
Day!
: Gonna take my ass to the Columbus St.
Patrick's Day Parade.
Everyone dies but not everyone lives.
Ha.
Me 2.
RT : You bet I am!
Speaking of clicking, I just wanna put on my ruby slippers, click them, and go home.
I wanna wish a big happy 18th birthday to the funniest white kid around, !
; Happy birthday, Joey!
I hope your day is great!
Sounds like Crazy Linda would be a great reality show!
Win 1000 in FREE Promotional Marketing Items!
Enter monthly at www.brandoutsolutions.com.
Click MONEY BAG on Home page to enter!
Good luck!
Hey what up?
I am a Hip Hop DJ/Turntablist but I love to spin and listen to Neo Soul Music.
I hate when websites have a blank Contact Us page.
That's a quick way to get on my sucksalot list.
People yell at me for talking to myself, but I just have such intelligent conversations with myself.
I can see her replying with NOT YOU.
LOLOL.
Because I would.
Claire said: is there any money?
Pam heard: what?
Eddie Money is playing?
what the hell just happened to twitter mobile???
it looks all...fancy
haha he never lets me sleep under his pj's unless he's doctornk!

as you should, you live and work there.
See you in the 21st.
Peace and Chicken Grease.
There have been a lot of rumors.
And there's no question that Gilas WANTS him.
haha okay!!!
And josh can take us home!!
Pastor Marvin Winans is tellin it LIKE IT IS
it's almost an insult to actual geeks and nerds who enjoy the kinds of stuff the show parody's.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Or if the plastic cup and foil seal were biodegradable!
Thanks, Adam!
definately done caring about everything
going to the home opener pacers game tonight.
You better be getting the pounder!
please explain.
Saw tweets and have switched to fox but don't understand what happened.
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
Blisters can go to hell.
RAWRR :D i miss your face Jimmy!
4 hour naps can fix almost anything...
believe me for mine honour, and have respect to mine honor, that you may believe:
Try a 5 footlong and make lunch out of it 2 days in a row!
Bring your baked chips from home!
already getting money for graduation
WHY CAN'T I HAVE NICE THINGS?
Bud Selig should be sent to Japan for 'baseball reasons'.
He doesn't need this shit.
RT Nick Diaz is an idiot.
sounds good!
U wanna meet in the game room then?
Hope to be there!
RT : Will i see you there?
i already am /3
we hope you're having a wonderful time!
Happy Birthday!
okay okay thank you.
i will stay crying in my upright position
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
as far as I know this is only true in academic libs, also it's important to note that total circ can go up and circ per user down
Loving too!!
Impossible to pick a favorite.....
attempting to clean...unsuccessfully.
What's one thing you will do/take away?
What commitment will you make for change?
You and your memories are an amazing part of what makes Monicals a part of our communities and we are honored!
Stomach bug anyone?
Serie has it.
Where did it come from?
nick can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
cool story bro.
Mistakes are inevitable.Difference is what you do when mistakes are made paraphrased Carol Dweck NAISAC12 ME: do we let mistakes happen?
Curb your enthusiasm and entourage..HBO better be in the dorm
hipmunk.com, RT : What are the best flight search engines for last minute international travel?
Where the hell did the time go?!
You're welcome, will do:
The bullying South Park episode completely wrecks the dude who released that documentary in theaters.
Haha just saw this.
Who's the hunk?
BeforeIGetMarried You must have success at keeping a job and a place for more than 6 months...
Now accepting silentauction items for the our People To Know benefit on 4/21/2011!!
Contact us if you can help.
Goodnight lovely followers : : 3
I've never lied to you, you've just been asking the wrong questions.
Last day of class and her ass still teachin
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
J.
Morrison
what was the most mischievous thing you did as a child?
Watching the news...bored outta my mind ugh!
You usually can't get pissed at pansy assed wimps, but when they enable other pansy asses, it's easy to get pissed.
Thanks for the mention.
Good look RT : Support local producers like
Another day off today !
Rehearsal tonight !
If Zach just came up and started grinding on me id be like Woo shake dat bootttaaay Porter!
Owwww!
I was a biomed student all throughout middle school.
:
No amount of coaching can help if your not truly willing to deal with those beliefs that no longer serve you my 5 Step program is unique.
Is 4 times around at Memorial Park equal to a mile?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
it was good.
100 degrees everyday...
SEASON 2 is on!
Congrats
Hi you!
Love the delight of your footer And, yes, I did watch the entire Cowbell video.
Forever hilarious.
Cheers to for finally adding the Show the comment feature for comments in reply to other comments!
Just like Guinevere
I met him when he came to Boston in GlenGarry GlenRoss.
My husband and I had a 1/2 hr.
conversation with him afterwards.
Sublime!
legitimately having the weirdest doctorams ever lately
It's a mother/son thing :
This bus is a few degrees warmer than hell.
Someone crack a window.
Time you enjoy wasting is not time wasted.
I fucked up badly on this test
yeah L.A.
called again today.
Really pressing for a commitment.
Makes my Mom crazy!
She wants it for us too.
All good!
Funny, after listening to Chris Hedges, it was followed by  I wondered what a debate between them two would be like.
If you want someone to look over the proposal, I'd be happy to do so!
Thanks for the tweet!
And thanks for the letter.
:
Our kid watching nature show in next room  Oh no!
We're all going to die!
I don't think us laughing made her feel better about it.
will be exhibiting at DoD Enterprise Architecture Visit us to see bestinclass crossdomain security solutions.
how's life chide Amphibian
I see lol
LOL that's
And by baby i mean my car.
thrilled you stopped by!
it really is beautiful out today
Happy St.
Patrick's Week.
Keep it classy, NY!
HUNGRY AS SHIT
Übersmüg.
In fact you can just call me ÜBernhard from now on.
Staying focused..
I'm starting to see things a little more clear now, this is definitely what I love doing with my life
What to do for dessert?
All my snacks are too nutritious, and candy bowl is empty.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thanks for the FF.
Enjoy your weekend!
Don't get all the snow talk.
It's 80 today and I'm in shorts.
ya gotta get with .....q
RT : Madonna doesn't look half bad for a 77year old.
NP: Ben Webster Meets Oscar Peterson.
Actually been playing this one all week.
I'm falling for your eyes but they don't know me yet.
I love you women!
Xoxoxo
DM You know what it means to be an underdog.
If you are up for a challenge, we are taking on Apple education but affordable.
lol you would go nuts you couldnt handle it hahah kiddin but no you have a baby when you love someone and are ready ya ass
Finishing up a job today in south Austin.
We're really rolling along now!
lmao!
Favorite tweet of the day!
Sadly...people feel they can pick on others.
Because it ask boils down to the old 'us' vs.
'them' mentality.
School .
One Test  a Quiz
Whoa !
Forgot about those.
VINTAGE.
XO
full of dangerous wonders
u ever reply to ur fans
wow my last RT is a must read for everyone
A letter to Ari?
Omg.
: Can you include me in it please?
:D 3
Each one of us has the power to make others feel better or worse.
Making others feel better is much more fun than making others feel worse.
they all amped up
Tweet Me Please ?
And now the journofun begins...
MT : MADISON, Wis.
Wisconsin elections board orders recall election against GOP Gov.
Walker
He is probably interviewing at either Arizona State or UCLA
I saw EddieTheSleepingWalkingCannabal yesterday.
Thank you to the 2159 law students who applied to our Summer Corps program!
The application is now closed, but well be back next year!
I did not know that.
Yet another notch on his awesomeness belt.
Natural Gas ETN Premium Tops 100
Had a good but short show tonight due to pending rain.
Fun crowd!
Headed to Oklahoma.
At first, Judas was OKAY.
Now, I can't stop listening to it...
Way to go Gaga.
You did it again.
WaysToGetOffThePhone Just hang up on a bitch.
Fuck it.
what movie are you planning on watching?
Anyone interested in meeting me to listed to some barbershop music at 7?
Central United Methodist Church, University and Central
Its a Wonderful Life is just the best.
I've had SportsCenter on mute since 3:30 a.m.
...
and each time I look up, they're airing the Not Top 10
Don't forget to call Farmers Insurance today and save money on your Car or Homeowners Insurance now!
Call 7335322!
Life is what it is take life by the balls and always be strong no matter what..dont let life get you down....
Nothing brings inner sunshine like our Farmer's Market Lunguini w/ asparagus pesto!
Will away the clouds w/ a meal thatll make you smile!
I gotta let it be it ain't qoin no where...
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
20
Aww hunny lease dont tell me you need it!
;
Isn't that crazy????
HappyValentinesDay to everyone.
AppreciateEveryday not just today.
LoveIsNotOcassional enjoy!!!!!
We've run some giveaways to help spread the word.
We'll be having some again soon.
In the meantime, they're on sale!
:
Feels so good to be home with myy girlss !
Ran into today.
Cool guy.
Miss his old resto in Lyn/Lake.
thanks for the RT Amanda.
Hope all is well with you  the family.
Planning a trip to London in autumn  hope to see you.
Going live again shortly with from with the latest on the suspicious bag found by authorities.
FB and all those brands that market on FB, I don't even check their page even though I did press the like button, but thats
State of the CE industry presentation is at full capacity, more press and analysts than last year
Thank GOD it's Friday!
That's what i like to see!!
Miss you too!, saw old cheer pics yesterday that made me giggle: Sorry about the hosp,I hope he can come home soon  get better!
some one retweeted you and i was all, her name is cool.
Thank you to everyone who came out to today!
You rule!!!
RT I wish you were in town for my BDay Friday!
We all miss you!!
Family  Me too Corine.
I miss you guys.
Fun prank idea: Take your friend's fiancee to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship.
I follow you now!
Haha
Capeesh!
Sauce is overpriced!
NEW EP'S coming out THIS WEEK look out for..
5/11: Thrones 5/12: 'Purgatory'
late bible study for me lol
You're such a health nut!
haha
Yay, I was chosen as a book giver!
I'm thrilled to share the power of the imagination to change the world!
lol...
just wait!
RT Codpiece Intelligence Agency.
Did this nigga just say Black Widow was better than captainin America 
Why do some people in NURSING HOMES get a FREE RIDE while YOU are SPENDING your ENTIRE NEST EGG on nusing home care?
www.MedicaidProtect.com
iTunes previews of KarminHello songs on replay in preparation for next week!
CantWait : PS  Happy BDay Amy!!!
Ok that wasn't funny
They really make the free version of Spotify cool enough to use, but the ads and recommended songs just annoying enough so that you upgrade
ah...
That's true too
Would you want to help Mateo and a I get 2 co titles in MW3??
we would help you get them in return.
We need one more person.
Plz
Hi, Total Solutions Alliance LLC is inviting you to join Facebook.
Once you join, you'll be able to connect with the Total Solutions A
Follow now !!!
PHXcoyotes why do u promortionally white out when the blackhawks are white?
Getting leading marketing execs together for a uwebc roundtable.
Great event for leaders in the area.
RT The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
I just say...some people's kids.
Don't want them in my clinic if I can help it!
So sorry for you!
Bermudez with a stolen base and moves to 2rd on a catchers throwing error.
I know, I know.
Can I at least get ANY credit for watching it at all?!??!
loving what i do and cranking up the office speakers ;
u open it on you're computer and u would just read it as if your reading on a computer !
Gingrich says that Freddie Mac is like any other business?
COME ON.
Awww that is ok there are 9 different meetings we are holding in the neighborhood, I will be tweeting them periodically!
Tonight: Rabbit with la ratte fingerling potatoes, tatsoi and thyme.
In moments of conscripted/mandatory joy, is it not the job of the joker to be dour?
Maybe?
A playful  loving Bah humbug!
to you all...
together thing kind of ruins it.
Cars are faster than bikes
: Aquarians find out everything!
You can't hide anything from them or lie to them
haha damn!
Check out that new track me and just put up.
You'll like it
I don't know what that means, but I'm thinking thanks is a good response?
Maybe?
With Schoology you have control where/how content is viewed.
Schoology vs.
im getting into trouble and dancing with the devil
yes I do!
I actually did one today, and currently doing redoing my angelbites.
REALIZE, I DO NOT LIKE YOU.
baseballs 4 run rally in the 5th is unbelievable!!!!
LETS GO PARK!
hi!
yes she does :D
These sneakyass bastards...I just love how the facts just slowly doctorp and ooze out about George Zimmerman.
He pleads not guilty?
Fck that!
I need your help.
We need to do gold outs during the playoffs.
Fans and players wear gold every game.
do you know that really skinny senior girl?
I think she's ginger, but her boyfriend's car!
They always park on linum.
thanks !
cant wait to see my kelly banana
If I sold wedding cakes, I'd be all over it.
We have a marketing platform for auto dealers.
But I'll get there : cc:
My teacher fought another teacher
ur welcome...
what kinda job is it?
Photographed a wonderful first wedding of the year yesterday!
Ladies in bikinis and beers in the fridge at BlueRock.
Is today a studio rental or frat party?
Maybe both!
I keep retweeting like everything XD.
She from Dallas ....she eat Rudys she go to big t on Sundays she a cutie.....Ayee
: Smhh whatever man.!
try the satirical blog of .
Funny stuff about edtech.
Ugh.
Shudder.
nothin coolin what you been doin i aint seen you in so long
Individuals stay zoning me out.
why do u say that?
I think I'm missin shorty I was talkin wit
check your Facebook boss
Finally at Midway with my doctorver's licence.
I guess if I can handle SoA, I can handle this.
The previews made me flinch, but SoA does sometimes too lol
A lot more than I like being your gov!
RT is following me!!
was just wondering: how much do you love Bojangles, Gov?
Just got called Renaissance women  cuz today our projects go from car auctions to Disney backyards.
When is it?!
Trivia Question: Kelsey Grammer is the voice of what recurring character on The Simpsons?
Wow you need to learn how to spell out your words you stupid chode
: I really like those new ones
you reached 90!!!
you are the perfect melody but now my harmony is feeling out of key3
were you at that Kent party they've been talking about?
Haha
Someone on Facebook just proved a good point to me.
The Giants sent home the Braves  my boy Bobby Cox.
GO RANGERS!
Haha  Wes
The favorite movies is The Notebook, lol.
At the cherryblossom with my wife and son
I possess a working knowledge of SarbanesOxley SOX.
If you are looking for a proven, professorssional CFO:
Thanks guys  Dylan covered it for the day but I will definitely keep you two in mind for any future stories!
Omg guys Hannah is talking about why Liam is scared of spoons and she said you should e scared of your fingers.
They can slip into your eyes
Will I see any tweeps there?
RT: Still time to sign up for the Edelman Happy Hour!
Only 10 spots left.
Come sign up at registration.
they have sensors....
Happy st pattys day tweeps!
Have one on me :
trev and I are excited, too.
Thank you!
Glad you enjoy listening to it.
Keep spreading the word.
shut up dummy I'm out wit my aunt lol we already planned on bowlin
Still folding his PJ's RT : Darryl Sutter a noshow for media session...Kings PR folks can't find him...be on the lookout!
LMAO.
Something like that.
What a disappointing performance by Maia.
RT : Were they doctornk?!
:D
RT : tweegrams make you sound crazy.
just puttin that out there.
bunch of y'all out here tellin on yourselves.
right...just something about the show..
I am not diggin' it..
hey, just sent you an email that you'll surely want to read!
lol girl your too funny
I don't like you .
::flutter flutter:: ha!
haha trust me, he's aware I tell him all the time.
How are baby plans coming I'm so excited for you!
Tarballing my morning away.
the second TD Bank comes to Nevada, it's a wrap for Wells, Citi, BofA and Chase!
Even when I'm old and gray, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game.
Michael Jordan
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer48
smoking rolling riffer up
Thank you for the FF shout out!!
Have a great weekend!
:
First day of Spring!
Are you riding your bikes?
Rang in the New Year at 10:30 with my little man, did some sparklers and laughed.
Now off to bed.
Have a good night and be safe, everyone!
In 1902 NYC Parks Commission turns over the Aquarium to the feldgling NY Zoological Society which is now the Wildlife Conservation...
nothing.
i actually got u a bday gift even tho i wasnt able to make it
why didn't the skeleton see the scary movie?
he didn't have the guts!
The smile on my face doesnt mean my life is perfect.
It means I appreciate what I have and what God give me.
Elway bad liar bad investor no vision  bad at getting value on trades/players
Happy Friday the 13th!
Don't go camping near any infamous lakes.
And avoid anyone wearing a hockey mask or carrying a machete.
Used to smoke and work on a help desk.
It was like every hour on the hour.
So..
eight.
Ten on a bad day.
Good morning!!!!
Hope everyone is doing well :
let us know when our stickers arrive in FL!
And...
waiting.
Some more..
Watching Bridesmaids, catching up on all the Oscar movies
I am that ignorant person that took my shoes off in class lol
Florida misses you!
Palm trees, beaches, the sun...
Just got cut off by Kenny Rogers.
I Feel Like Im About To Be Single :/
I was going to wait until it had a year left on its life...
like i did with MySpace.
Something about Wilbon's chafing my ass tonight.
It's like he thinks his sources are better than those of fellow d'bags...;
well, you won't see Democrats complaining.
Palin vs Clinton 2016?
It's never crowded along the extra mile.
doctor Wayne Dyer
work hard love the pony xx
Don't give up.
Normally it is the last key on the ring which opens the door.
Good question...a parallelogram?
Kid playing in my office just put my Nancy Pearl action figure riding a plastic horse.
They are mesmerized by these McDonalds toys...
What's the Twitter horse curse?
We have an avid player here too.
RT : World kickball championships this weekend!
Photo shoot lined up, New Website Updates, and More SNO shirts...
www.SnoClothing.com  SNO A.K.A.
Stylish.
Neckware.
Obsessions.
Take care of yourself!
So glad I made it to work on time today 
LOL  I am sure!!
RT : There's more than a few Mullen folks who can probably relate.
Thanks for the RT!
Old advice taht's good to hear again  Make sure what you're saying on your resume matches the job description!
whats up friend?
I've learned quite a bit growing up..when you have the option to do right, then do right.
Life passes you by quicker than you think.
No!
Where's it located?
Indeed.
I'll admit to looking forward to the printForum happy hour in addition to the actual conference itself!
Are you moving to Miami Austin???
: It's insensitive of Brad Pitt to have The Rachel haircut.
LOL!!!
Tried to wish my sister belated happy mothers day and leave her with happy thoughts.
Halfway succeeded in first goal, not so much second.
Love the new first ladies exhibit!
A good library is a palace, a palace where the lofty spirits of all nations and generations meet.
Samuel Niger
I wanna live in California.
.
it doesn't change anything shortterm, and won't last longterm.
good point
What can't wine fix?
Nothing here.
Thank u for magnificent time aboard underconstruction new 787 doctoramliner....amazing!!!!
;
God 4give me 4 I have sinned
nah he a bitch though
I would retweet so many more people if people didn't swear so much!
Going 2 c my cows now xD EEEEP!
I can't wait!!!
Do you guys have any interview videos with people in your web design program?
RT : You guys hear that new single by Chief Queefe?
// ?????
Watching Cupcake Wars too?
What a great workout this morning!
Burpees...
woo hoooo!
:
Adore the new designs by at HPMkt.
So fabulous.
Even style spotted by the fabulous Woohoo!
i hate that too
Look at all the breccia volcanic rock.
Can I just go back like one week and do it all again okay thanks.
haha that picture's not as bad as I thought it would be!!
Lol
Watching for Next invites like a shark but still failing to catch them in time.
These preview videos are too much of a tease.
Taye Diggs looks lost in th Subway.
I can esort you bra, I take you to your destnation and you...call your um agent for me!
Its ah win.
Nope, just tryna create an illusion of responsibility.
ew no diet.
Might as well go all out
Going to the beach even though its prob gonna be cold yayayay
have fun!
spoil her !!; xx
ff for Happy Friday the 13th
Had Maury Povich been in Star Wars, we would have known who the father was a lot sooner
No need to set alarm and up before 6...
Sweet
RT : a truly exceptional foodie full of gourmet tips, recipe RAVES, and goodfood knowhow 
Stores selling pants in a tall and only offering the jacket in a regular is just wrong.....lol
I love reading Facebook doctorma hahaha.
Are you gonna have the backup divas to sing with you on AI performance of NCOE?
Want!
what we got new?
Ditto!
RT : Love being part of your community,  great blog!
that looks unbelievable
Just voted for Kathy Griffin for favorite Reality star for the Peoples Choice Awards!
I always get lots of brilliant ideas while meandering the aisles of
wow Art Mann is still a thing?
We really want to help
im so tired
A Week with Marylin favorite quote When one is young, one should use a lot of mascara.
When one is old, they should use much more.
Doggy want that kitty ;
textingdisaster when you just get done typing a 4 page text with everything meaningful and somehow your phone manages to delete it all..
Tucson police: Dad left kids on side of road  Arizona Daily Star Tucson police: Dad left kids on side of road Arizona Daily Star Tucson
You A Fine MuuhFucker Won't You Back That Ass Up .
Had a very, very fun time
: Cause I'd go , I'd go all around the world and fuck different girls cause it doesn't really matter to me
my nephew is doing great thanks for asking :
because he is made out of iron of course :P haha M i don't why?
I guess I like his iron suit...2nd favorite, captainin America:
I'm so last minute...ugh!
Realperson curation is better than automated, algorithmbased content recommendations.
RT
today, I get to stand where you stood and perform on the BPC stage!
So excited!
Going out to eat with the bestfriend!
:D
Bitch look down, tell me wussup
If you don't take care of yourself, how will you take care of your business, your family, your life?
The best creative brief a designer can get  Make it sweet.
goal number 23, go to yoga with me at least four or five times.
:
Fantasy Baseball Player Prospecting: Patrick Corbin, Tyler Moore, Welington ...
KFFL
I'm gonna tell everybody this it's going to be a tough series
i didn't mean to do that, my bad cuzzo
and how many child suicide bombers have they caught?
TSA  perverts
mine is over 50 because apparently niceness doesn't matter if you use foursquare.
450 submissions for Crimson's Megahertz music vid.
Time to make calls to choose ppl.
60ppl will be chosen for the video.
I love this part
Omg he called me at 453 in the morning.........that he's eating at a diner and wantsme 2 come...and he knows were I live...and said he would
so true!
We love moab as it such a fun town and so close to Arches and Canyonlands!
Was at zion today too..great day out!
I hear that in my family, too.
What do you like about window 7: we work slow to create more job!
Mac: we work faster to eliminate job from those window user!
I should be studying, but not until tweets me back.
:
Just had one of the best egg sandwiches at Rocco's on Vermont.
it's got your name written all over it!
Is PRETTY sure that the dude, with his pants halfway down his bum, screaming down the street, I am where it's AT baby!
might be wrong.
hey!
I see this!
I'm in for movies!
Include me!
Long day..Need some rest
what your email?
Dm it to me.
I think this is a good trend, its too bad chose bashing advisors as a way to build their bus
yeah yeah yeah
I'm getting one!!!
Damn did long john silver have to go fishing for my food
Next thing on my bucket list run a 5k....
Who's with me ?
You said Detroit hasn't won anything in the 4 major sports.
They won 8 championships in the last 4 decades.
So has Chicago.
3rd day of SportsExposLV!
What has been your favorite part so far?
I'm ready to go!
mine is cleaning out my garage for spring clean up on monday:
you got it!
Hey this Paulette
I like pickles.
3
Memories to ashes.
And they're pulling in social data.
And they're letting you host meetings within SFDC.
Yeah, those are some cool features.
Finally watching last weeks glee episode
Many injuries; the outfield has become a lonely place.
This week has been good, but I am definitely looking forward to the weekend!
Does anyone have any good plans?
Tigers scored 40 runs in their first 6 games and just 34 runs in their last 11 games.
COUNTRY MUSIC!: 3
Half the commercials are already online in extended form no less.
The rest will be soon.
No need to watch these days.
A true woman doesn't compete and cant be compared!
Ready to rock out with Manchester Orchestra, MCR and Blink182!!
it's a doctorg called scopolamine ya fiends
I will keep you in mind when I'm looking to buy a new new one.
I have a 2001 Honda I'm replacing my oldy with :
I want a beard like ZZ Top
Chiefs Rookie Camp.
Poe had a lot thrown at him today by Anthony Pleasant but if he keeps working and listening like he did today 
Is it okay that I won't see the movie because John Carter isn't naked like in the book?
I mean, they're leaving out the best part!
have you seen google today?
k that preview was kind of bullshit........like they're perfect but i was expecting like a full on filmed video and stuff.
You're welcome!
Happy FF!
it was the best play.
Blake missed it.
At least it wasn't an off balance hero shot that I guess people want to see.
Are we fixin to go back to the cars???
haha because i dont like school anymore and im just lazy...
hay girl hay : Leo women are beautiful.
They put in work while other pretty bitches just lay there!
Thank you and for the birthday tweets!!!
Speaking in pieces of a man, staring at a future in the creases of my hand.
matt just put down fresh vocals and fresh guitar using fresh gear.
lush.......
definitely as much to blame.
And while nobody was there, they did have to deal with the ball.
Less people are joining me at the bar for dubstep Monday  playing Diablo instead  getyourprioritiesstraight 
Weird rooting for the Redskins, being a Cowboy fan...but gotta bunch up the standings in the East.
Helps having McNabb starting in league
no suicides today plZ and tnx
billsmafia espn first take says we have a QB controversy tune in right NOW
it did...I don't know why it didn't show in my reply...wondering if it will appear in future episode?
U r hilarious, btw!
I'd be rich if I could invent a poptop beer can that wives can't hear open
Vander Blue is a scrub!
thatguysucks.
Go MU.
Marquette needs to stop this run

think of it as WINNING at failing ;
Omg!
Worried about my champaign friends!
Everyone is tweeting about taking cover from tornadoes :x
Such a bummer re: Celtics winning tonight!!
I was rooting for Clippers all the way!
Good game though  great crowd!
how was your day, did you cook for your Mum?
I will thank you
Ha, I'm excited to use that at work tomorrow.
Condensed from afterschool study: Young people benefit structured pursuits that...contain challenging and engaging tasks.
Keeping my dear friend and her family in my prayers, her father passed away on Tuesday.
I can't imagine.
Life is so precious.
Marry me?
Never give up on anybody.
After your life calms down, can I pick your brain on instructional design?
Husband Chris is curious about it.
hahahahaha why do i keep saying Helena?!
And yes you are beautiful;
Please check out my new published Novel on Xlibris.com and Amazon.com Borders.com and Barns and Noble.com
A4 Posting more photos w/ links instead of just links.
Thinking abt networks of ppl instead of just individuals
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 10
Are there any limits to ANYONE but Obama for conservatives?
Kind of worried about all your posts whats up with your mom and baby sis?
thevoice he's not ready!
When is Brian Wilson a free agent?
He had a downyear last year but I'd love for him to return to his Boston roots..
This constant desire to escape from doing homeworks...
Getting' ready to swing it tonight!
jazz starts at 7:30 in the O bar
So my seventeen magazine horoscope said i would meet a cute guy on the 6th of May.....
aww YOU'RE the best!
Retires Packer Jersey for the season Good season guys...
PackNation thanks for the fun, obviously wish the train was still rolling
Looks like a big turnout for russellsimmons.
Lots of people at
so be dame i have tweeted my 100th tweet thats what's up
oh my goodness rachel wth?
Lmao your gunna b broke in hawaii
I think I'm turning into my boyfriend!
I'm starting to make crazy concoctions with my food!
And earlier we read each others minds XD
24p is the 2nd best p, they best p has four more letters!
interesting how much Facebook uses the word engage when what they mean is post with a maybe like.
That's not engagement.
Hey !
Heard you were a workoutaholic.
Do you instruct those bootcamps?
Mane im so happy
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
Still used to being an asst.
RT : There are actually a few rolling solo.
Paul Lusk of Missouri St is one handling his own doctorving
Do not ask yourself what the world requires; think about what makes you shine.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Gabrielle Coco Chanel
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your doctorams.
Madonna Ciccone
Missing your Spring Break tan already?
Head to Marquette Tan and Laundoctor before noon and tan for only 5!
Just did the most ..

looking forward to the cloud computing expo...
T minus 51 hours...
Go
There you go!
You sure you don't want to buy them a Mac?
Respect the turkey, Bro.
Figuring it all out has been interesting.
I think Rattlesnake is on the menu!
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds Ralph Waldo Emerson
How we can use machine learning and crowdsourcing to improve
thank : I'm glad to see I have loyal
The bad wolf was apparently a man's pnis
so weird to finally see something i wrote acted out.
finally putting my screenwriting degree to work.
You can call my show anytime Bruce!
www.saurban.com
B's Tavern This Sat.
CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi....
New Laser Light show....
Can I borrow some sugar?
Lol
RT : Bend over touch your toes!
Oh my goodness why must we have bad weather
you betcha hug :
bout ta do dis homework...
RT : Heading to see Noche Latina, even though warns it's cheesier than a chimichanga.
Yikes....
thank you for the mention...
sorry if a repeat thank you..
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, kiss my ass.
Kiss his ass.
Kiss your ass.
Happy Hanukkah.
At this age I'd rather be immature and have fun, then uptight and stressed out al the time.
U cant out slick a slickster
Congrats!
That's impressive.
Make sure you go with your gut.
Students: is still taking apps for summer digital interns to help w/blogging, reporting and social media.
reply me for details
Most absurdly hilarious seinfeld plot: The professorssional hand model who fell in love with his own hand!
playing right tackle now lol
You both are awesome!
Thanks for being fans of our snacks.
: RT: sunbelt granola bars !
33333333
Great meeting today w/ client.
A room full of Dept.
Leaders all haggling through their org.
future  Nxt Level Decisions.
Nxt
lol that's all i ever hear from people
Today marks the 50th anniversary of Wilt Chamberlain's 100point game.
Sounds like a typical Friday for me.
:P Enjoy it!
Think it just means worrying is a waste of energy lizzy!
RT : Worrying works!
90 of the things I stress about don't happen.
I really liked that idea on having a digital social media scrolling trinitron on the inside walls of Wrigley somewhere!
exactly my thoughts, u have only scored 3 and think u can score 17 in under 3 mins, I mean really?
lol its good heading to canidagia wanna roll?!
cant wait for jan 27!
its tell 10 friends about jack davis griffo day
Hahaha ima make it fat again sneak dissin ass
lol ima see if i can get a parking permit
Lady Gagas interview and performance of Edge of Glory on gets me every timenever was a fan until I heard the story, amazing
very excited.
saw that post when CC made it.
Emailed it home so I can check it later.
EXCITING.
Heymuch love and lots of hugs to you, too!
:
Kingdom In The Valley Christian Church in Phoenix, Az RT : :...where do you lead worship at?
oh gosh, your video of trust issues :
My colleagues dub my hair the Bieber but as an Asian, it's the Lee as in Lee Seung Gi
Lovin it outside today!
Time to mow the lawn.
yield your pain, summer is nearly upon us.
I like when people boldly sing wrong lyrics!
Everything is great!
I've been great,how bout u hunnie?
Super Mystery Jackpot clue:The arranger on the recording was a novice at the time and eventually became a one hit wonder as a solo artist.
I am thinking that is sound asleep from all his ballad singing and dancing last night ...
I see no Liverpool tweets though they lead
Thanks for the post on the Pelzer event.
Your support is appreciated!
I do know one thing tho, bitches they come they go.
Saturday through sunday monday, monday through sunday yo.
I need a pithy phrase to describe headache and shoulder tension from too much Excel work.
Any suggestions?
lol she finally found him.
I was just hiding a little bit ago!
Under a blanket though, not too hard lol
you called me spam!
And I notice 8 days later...yes, I'm quite an adept Tweeter.
We back and ready to make your year a little easier!
that's right!
thanks for the reminder : WE'LL BE AT BOWERY ELECTRIC EVERY WEDNESDAY THIS MONTH STARTING TONIGHT!
Once upon a time, new Cubs prez was youngest GM in baseball.
Got opportunity and succeeded.
Why not RYNO?!?!
you missed out Marilyn the hunger games was pretty cool
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment.
When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's 3.95 a minute.
Me too!!
I think I read more fiction  forbidden romance stuff lol
Yay!
I finally get to follow you.
I couldn't do it earlier.
:
URT : theophilus pitt stars as mistertraffik in misterand mister traffik lol sick boy
They weren't joking wheb they said these were speedy braces.....
Great!
I look forward to listening to it.
Like That  T.I.
my new warmup song
I hate writing papers!!
x
mister everybody retweets me think youre cool , huh ?
Too bad, you aren't mad!
3rd day of school and I all ready want it to be over
Can we trade Jamison back to Washington for Z?
Does that work?
Isn't enough that NFLX wants a lowcapital, higrowth valuation?
Legacy DVD business can't grow all that much, so doctorgs stock.
Good morning tweet hearts!
Guess what imma do?
Hustle!
Hustle!
Hustle!
HARD!
Closed mouths don't get fed on this blvd!
La la la I love life and the people that make it perfect and worth living!!!!
:
Hate all these fukin females...
Damn fake as fuck
idk...been do'n a million thangs on this ol' andoctorid...i'm back on now tho...
Happy Birthday to my friend !!!
PLSAC SURVEY: FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR vs FAMILY MATTERS??
same here.
late nights doing their homework then early mornings for review sessions.
sweet!!
thanx for the follow!!
nothing punk ass nukka ;
Night D
Even if you don't have access to your client's GoogleAnalytics account you can use Bit.Ly to gather some metrics.
I'm planning on coming to Anaheim for at least one day...especially now that I know you will be there.
Yo dawg, you want some vintage books, dawg?
They like really rare, man.
Vintage Book Dealer.
Only in NYC.
Nicki Minaj is very scary in Pepsi commercial O.O
RIP DICK CLARK, an Icon who I have had the pleasure of working for!
Thank U for sharing your talents  visions with Us!
We love U.
Bro, J.J.
Hickson was a big pick up for the Blazers.
Ooooooweee.
I thought he would go to the Heat.
you silly Scoobie
Poor bloggers.
c2css12 on my way!
Look for a low flying Lexus!
its gonna be a long day..!
Dear professorssional sports announcers everywhere: It is Tampa Bay, not Tampa.
Please educate yourself on the game you are calling.
Off to the tailor to hem two pairs of jeans I bought in my recent denim spree.
the fact that you've responded in this way does reveal an underlying insecurity about your own intellectual capabilities.
He loves me....isn't that enough.?!
3 he's gonna break her heart for me but, he is madly inlove with me....notta doctorma queen like her!
3
AH!
whose dog is that?
you are a master of talkingshitbeforeseriesends however in this case it might be with good reason
Come on cudi..
Seriosly contemplating staying after work just to watch cable.
Lucky lady!
Going for work or play?
I used to live in nearby Cedar Crest, just on the other side of the Sandias.
Thanks George!
Our users must have good luck b/c a lot of folks who post liquidate!
We have a plan for major traction soon..
Lol double duty during his own show.
couldnt find it.
Send me the url
that's so cute3
Load Tester PRO 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
girls are stupid.
i want to go back to the days when we thought boys had cooties.
oh man i just saw a squirel raping another squirel, I know it was getting raped, because the squirel was blowing her rape whistle
Give thanks for The Godfather on TV right now.
Totally just got the heebie jeebies from that
But yeah, if folks listen  play by the rules of civil discussion, I enjoy intelligent discourse across divides of opinion.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 91
When you see Hi Jeremy and u don't think of CandaceJeremy or mister Slushy Dog but of
I can be your new advisor if you'd like
Breaking: 30 players have now committed to 1 million buyin event at the 2012 World Series of Poker.
Congrats to 2012 socialmedia award finalists , , , , ,  !
Sorry for the wait...on weezythanxyou.com.
Free!!!!!!!!!!!
good lord,......
my twitter feed is going crazy
S/o 2 Cuzzo ....He got big plans on makin it 2 the top....Grabbing 4 success is Reaching 4 greatness....
lol expert game..
absolutely interested
A great night of sleep really helps to clarify the possibilities of today
I love your guys website!
You look like you do excellent work!
Who winds the watchmen?
Tine to start to do face for tonite show over at The Palms Bar in weho :
now you are talking!
Food and art!
Social Network is a good movie!!
off from practice this week.
find me on
Early voting begins tomorrow at 441 4th St.
NW!
Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adoctoran Fenty for
I'll be in town for the Microsoft convention but I'll also be doing some scouting for a reality show about cocktails
Just do it super fast!!!
Then run away making your farm animal noises!!
ahaha :3
Calm down I'm planning to come out to Tampa the 1215 Sept.
Please ink me in.
lol can't wait.
UPA2012 has ONE exhibit booth left available in the hall.
If interested, DM us immediately for details.
Breakfast with the grandma :
hey!
awesome art show today at 29th and Lyndale at the VFW
Just got over my postBrewers hang over, lets see whats on TV...oh, hi
it wasn't in the least bit close lol
How much do you charge for your Twitter advertisements?
congrats to glad I already got my event in there, fundoctorising for the
such a good night last night :
Before there was bumf, there was Bumfuck, Egypt.
then i won't stop in Vegas...LOL
I haven't had coffee in a while.
I kinda missed it.
:
HAPPY NEW YEAR JUSTIN IN MY COUNTRY ITS ALREADY 2012 !!!
WISH U ALL THE BEST
I'm a friendly person myself.
Maybe not but what if it's bad art to almost everyone?
100 years ago today James Cameron directed Titantic.
no fair!
I look like Quasimoto!!!
.
lottery today, it's kinda like Christmas...
YES now if only noticed us!
How to Be Successful in Real Estate Investing  Carney Properties
...and so am I, Nicole!
I'm sorry my momma don't hand me money at the doctorp of a hat.
Some of us aren't spoiled like you.
Thankyou.
Design your Business Cards to fit your style and personality.
Black Business Card Printing make any business more professorssional yet...
Lets get this money then lets make it stack
What did you read this weekend?
Everything ..
even music!
when you order online on dominoes, you now have the option to share your gluttony on FB.
i know, i just did.
fml
I hope you are not doctornking wine through a straw!
Wow.
Already tied high temp for day at noon.
Gonna be a hot one.
Enjoyed a great evening at the Braxton County Senior Center with many friends.
Thanks to everyone for making the evening such a success!
At least we kept Reggie.
I guess he couldn't handle the altitude in Denver.
told my sister about the doctorma in 11th grade and shes like you all need group counseling or something.
Oohh thanks, we need to catch up after Moldova then.
you guys are the bomb!
he's a cutie.
BRAVO, , for an amazing concert and ESPECIALLY Respighi's Pines of Rome my ears are still ringing from the antiphonal brass!
This is probably the easiest job ever for 15/hour.
I love politics.
Better in time 3
Its Snowing!!!
Lets think Spring....
What is your favorite piece from our spring line?
Yeah, yeah, yeah but you've played 3 more games than we have.
I hate that.
Why such diff in GP?!?
This.
ReasonsILoveTwitter RT Im wearing a Red Polo to my visit in KC today.
Is that a little too obvious?
would still be being played in backyards or in the streets of the neighborhood or at the very least seats would still be under 100 a pop
The cat food...or the cat?!
how?
How did you getting add her???
can't u block them?!?
40dollars will get you 1/250th of a seat at an Obama fund raising event.
RT : RT : If you help me get to 9k followers today I'll post a new song on my tumblr :
not too sure yet!
i needed a fashion fix this morning.
stay tuned for more
sometimes getting what you want comes in very strange ways...
willing to accept it today....
Okay back on the bus /: another 4 hours at least .
all i want to eat today is bagels.
pointlessfoodupdate lisa
Thanks for another incredible night.
Having a great time at the hennessy event!
Tasty doctornks great atmosphere definitely
I don't take 'em out to eat, I ain't here to trick or treat, I ain't trying to fix your weave...
Nice block!
BOGO, buy one, get one free.You should def stop by : RT any promos going on?
Never visited your salon but would love to...
Ahh!!!Shopping makes me so happy  
Awww come on bud.
Friendly rivalry : So how bout them Pats?
: Just messing with ya
heard on radio that  cuts  loss of 167 NPD officers...Tru?
What  of total?
Trenton has crime spike because of cuts.
idk the name.
all it said was doctorke Beat.
just rocked it at the action research conference!
There's always next week.
Or the week after.
Happy birthday to your dad!
Lake Austin Spa called  whoot!
Man work is going by so slow.
OVER THE LIMIT12
Watching on the Bob and Tom Show.
Always funny as hell, no matter how many times you've heard the songs.
I miss you.
faded faded faded but you can bet that im not booty callin'
this is some wack ass shit :O
hope you all had a very merry Christmas w all your loved ones!
I am so thankful for the gift!
miss you!
I feel like being a bitch today
ExKan.
senator feels 39;vindicated39; in racing case
This workshop looks amazing.
Thanks for sharing the link.
Sounds like I'm due for a trip to NY.
that is such a terrible song lol
fuck you clown!!!
I gotta be doing something wrong....
not a problem.
Thank you for Toxie!
On the way to my two lil brother's last soccer game!:
We're HIRING!
RECRUITING OR SALES experience?
Call me  8132072871
Welcome to Twitter!
I take a long time to answer tweets usually, so don't think I'm ignoring you if time goes by.
I think Joaquin Arias likes it in a Giants uni.
too nice out to be in the office
Skydiving.
Or a threesome.
But mostly skydiving.
Appologies  The Oxford rower is fine!
Hawaiian Poke Bowl is bring it today!
Come eat!
Raw fish, Shoyu poke or spicy bowl not roll!!
ahi or salmon!
Santa Teresa Kaiser Market!
GOD FOLLOW ME o
I hate being a girl.
Outside having an ice cream cone..
If you're still playing music on your website, you may have fallen into a hot tub time machine...
'the holiday'  wrapping presents :
Turiaff Fuckin Trash..Ill Bus His Ass Doe
going to marion!
other than my back I'm doing great!
Doing music all day long:
WorkiN never chilliN...
till I get a Million
Poor baby!
I hope she's ok!
You guys should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's a pretty funny YouTube Series/ Viral Video
India Trip Fact 7: Most of Indias poorest are from the Dalit/Bahujan/Scheduled Castes and tribes.
I see you will be at Withit Me too!
See you there!
when someone stops texting you to go tweet...m 
everyone tweet MahoneOnEllen !
Bruins and Capitals headed to overtime in Game 7.
you and them Micky mouse boxers lmao
hahah everything made about them is beautiful
Can't wait to work with my babe in the a.m.
.
Also, did I mention that Brice just took 3rd in the Asia Regionals?
yes...
run by me and some partners.
U need to get a copy!
i no rite but its not as good as facebook or myspace
Thanks!
Looking forward to seeing your pics.
Louis threw carrots at me, because I love carrots.
Seems legit.
Sunday night Internet on the West Coast turns into an endless set of spoilers of shows I can't have even watched yet.
Is anybody else watching this hot mess on
I hate waking up early and not being able to go back to sleep
I Like your videos, great stuff and a good sense of humor
What's everyone up to tongiht?
Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Socrates
: Good Morning Sale!
40 off  online and in store!
Through May 11  see you soon!
Jam tommorrow!
A new song introduced perhaps???
:0
I hate when people ignore me when i ask a question /:
Our speaker is an expert on blood splatters, wrote a book that might be coming to a Hollywood screen near you!
Senior pix tomorrow instead of Marta ugh
Instructional designers in the 2.0 workd are being disintermediated as travel agents were in the 1.0 world.
You use them for special times.
And recognition.
RT : RT : Q5: Visibility is a critical step toward accessibility.
I liked youI stalked youyou get a girlfriend
Young: Let's talk about the cost  sometimes it is important to be between consumers and their doctors.
Crazy, but true, now that's not saying that her sales were not kicking in while on stage.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Archimedes
In/Ex/Periential geography.
Roll through and in.
Mouthes all.
Slippery mouth, too tense to :: Otherwise, the nausea bones inside.
Hope all goes well tomorrow!!!!!
Thanks for S/O let us know what you think!
Oh California, how I've missed you so!
The contestants check in to the competition today!
Which means I'll be constantly checking twitter for updates.
thanks!
Just got some boba tea and loving hut.
Disney tomorrow!
oh yeah you just sent me a nice note about meeting!
I've been busy ..
busy but always enjoy your tweets.
We really ought to meet in person and get you on the show!
I'm better off without you
Love your attitude on playing tennis!
Keep it up, it won't go unnoticed!
Do you have a professorle on www.berecruited.com?
You need to write a book!
Your tweets fascinate me
Read the article: 'Finding Rembrandt?
Place, history, experience, and the individual' Free Today at www.maney.co.uk/language/literature
I hate that my mom waits till we get in the car  I'm already comfy .
.
.
Jammin .
.
to tell me that she forgot somethingg .
Anyone else have an iPhone 4 battery go from great to terrible for no obvious reason at about a year and a half old?
I am loving reading your case studies on your website!
You are very accomplished and creative!
BOO!
Did we scare you?
Get excited for some fun this month including a KrispyKreme Doughnut pumpkin carving contest!
Details to follow.
I'm slow this morning...
Early start in the morning!
Making lunch for 67 people!
My family is WAY to big!
Still a Lakers fan?
Great pickup of Sessions today...
currently joining a gym so i could get swole  fuck johanser up :
One life gift that often gets overlooked: perspective.
Such a mighty tool, seeing the past/present through new  enlightening perspectives.
: The key to feedback  plug the output into the input.
I'm fairly certain that forty five minutes is an unacceptable amount of time for a Google Docs document to open.
RT  Why is it whenever the Patriots go into Miami someone winds up fired?
First the Dolphins Special Teams coach now ...
No matter the year or circumstances, prom brings night to remember Since were smack dab in the middle of the Fox Valleys 2
oh yeah.
gotta watch the tweets.
sorry if i spoiled!
love it!!
Good news on Axford.
They stopped his wife's contractions.
Ax should be here later today.
So afterparty this time hanging out with
Bleach is the best anime Ive ever seen!!
: South Detroit line in Don't Stop Believin is 3 decades, not of poetic license, but rather poetic fraud by Journey.
Happy Mother's Day!
!!
I knew the political junkie trivia question this week  if only I'd been listening live!
I WANT MY SHIRT, KEN!
British researchers stop brain cell death in mice with brain disease.
Research may help Alzheimer and Parkinson disease.
This guy just said our new brand is not Tim Burton.
THANKS THATS HELPFUL.
GOD IS ALL ABOUT PEOPLE!!
Just got my skin it in.
It's the best present EVER.
Everyone really needs to buy one.
You won't regret it.
That was a joy of a game to listen to.
Thanks Ueck and
I follow back but I also unfollow if I see too much stuff on my timeline I don't like, and you're never in my mentions
Fiday and Saturday  Oct 21  22 FREE ADMISSION  Washington Park United Methodist
follow me
shout out 2 my new follower
Tomorrow night: Thai Tom  Alison Bechdel reading  Thedoctoram  best possible Friday in the UDistrict.
Is it bad that when my mom asked what color my hair will be, I just laughed maniacally?
I Almost Ran Into The Door
.
What does it mean for 17 ppl to be arrested for 'being radical'?
Were they arrested for DOING anything?
Just looking for real info.
tattooing, coors, haircuts, bob seger, dying phone ugh
Aw , I Thought About Coming .
, Where My Tshirt At ?
and copying my paper lol
plane crash scene in Foreign Correspondent RT : Hitchcock took credit for devising this amazing shot himself
: smh why you gettin an attitude?
My mom isn't here for Mother's Day.
She's in California.
FLOOD WATCH: Possible thunderstorms for Kauai  Oahu
Who else here thinks Terry Richardson is grossly overrated as a photographer?
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 18
Excellent!
RT: : Check out Makes me want 2 travel!
rain rain go to Spain.....
Today has been quite the day
Thanks David!
I think people will really like the new album.
I'm not even done and the songs are already doing well.
Dnt be a bully , who takes purses you damn old ....that's why you alone now hoe
quote of the day: Colorado River mud is clear too
Taking Austin home.
:P 3
there is so much wrong with that scene you don't even know.
Great Townhomes for sale in Fort Lauderdale.
Contact us for info
20ThingsAboutMe...
Well one is I love to bake!
jorge: Dark clouds gone in Clear Lake area.
Little traffic heading South on I45.
No signs of power.
Please Follow this supporting mahomie NOW :
RT RT : Tim Tebow considers cursing for the first time ever.
Peyton decides Denver.
Stringers provide unique perspective  Tallahassee Democrat
shoutout MUSTFOLLOW ...
thanks for the support Tim and
If you dig boxing and good doctorma, the FX series Lights Out is available now on Netflix Instant.
Good stuff.
that was my number two reworded.
Sometimes its ok to watch without analyzing every play...
Rip Clip D
Studio ready
Seein not making it 2 the finals of DWTS was as nerve breaking as the last play of SB XLV At least 1 of them had happy end
Sunday Jazz Brunch  The Andaluz starts TOMORROW!
24 gets your great music and great food!!
Be there!!
no, sir.
Not bad.
two of my favorite things: and !
I agree.
When you get down they result to isolation.
It doesn't help OKC shooting 80.
I know like she didn't give us specifics she just thinks we know everything
has come to a close.
Met some great new friends.
Jane's Addiction and Mutemath were my favorites.
Thanks!
Desperate Housewives is SO doctorMATIC.
OMG.
Forgot I was doctornking regular coffee and not decaf..
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low.
:p
did u get to go to the morning skate!?
I'll be there tonight.
News junkies can get CNN and Fox News at the office with Business DISH!
Call John at 3506428.
Had to call police on my neighbor again.
Stay safe out there tonight Milwaukee  we aren't doctorving tonight, but remember to catch a free ride with Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
THANK YOU FOR TUNING IN TONIGHT

Slowest bus ever.
uhoh!
i hope you are okay!
Stacy Keibler is doctorssed like an oscar!
c u 2morrow at 2nd St Jazz Bar: JR
cool.
Congrats!
chick peas and jalapenos for lunch
Trying to figure out what you are?
Some bot service?
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
Anonymous
NATE MCMILLAN, FIRED!
Beat the Jazz!!
GO SPURS GO!!
When a girl says they're solid cause they barely starting to be your friends yeaa right!
O lol i was finna say
i'd rather be hated for who i am, than be loved for something that i'm not
So happy for you!
I also need to see Julie  Julia.
I have it on hold  the library but I think a lot of others got there 1st.
I hate if when tripplette refs Packers games.
I am always waiting for a flag after every play.
Just curious...you guys got an app in your future?
I haven't watched three shows back to back ON TV in maybe a decade.
NBC got my attention tonight.
The commercial about people inventing pieces and apps for phones was good until the end when ruined it.
Of course right when im about to leave 'A Night At The Roxbury' comes on i fucking love this movie!
if you havent seen it you have no life!
Insecure boy is around today?
Really JT2?
Ugh, k just love your Marlins, Lakers and gay black friends for the day I guess.
Grrrr...
Is loving better than being loved?
enjoyed our last 7am day of the season...
boom in your face
Boston.
You?
fuck you too.
I think I also bought them partly for myself, LOL, I would have died for those when I was O's age.
Anything poppin tonight for Quatro De Mayo?
well since i cant see my mentions DM me and we can talk :
: Hey you, yea, YOU!
Man The Fuck Up and go talk to her!
comMANdments I can think of someone who needs to do this
: What are you waiting for, Jadae?
Come see us for lunch or dinner!
lol, ok
Too legit SEC RT : Personnel security passed.
Almost a legitimate bureaucrat.
damn that makes me miss NY
I'm adding you as a friend too if you don't mind.
Trying to gather up my key constituents ;
yeah it does.
That's just a part of life.
Found a bird with a broken wing in my yard and I don't know what to do
alright I'm going to work on it now!!
Pissed I lost my phone last night fucking wit my husband doctornk ass!
The woman that was in the bathtub in her wedding gown?

thanks for the great post!!
: GordenBombay quack is now trending in Indianapolis 
lmao I know right we can't hang lol smh I still trip off the fact that I'm 22
The family  that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to.
Dodie Smith
Pumped to prep for tonight w/ 
My mom told me there are going to be plenty of men in college  i shouldnt settle right away but i should play the field
Okay thanks!
I get my new phone tomorrow : It's about time too, I've missed iittt haha.
Just found more fodder for writing blog posts.
I guess I need to get to writing.
why are we what?
;D
I def understand priviledge but feel that in this case one should make films to make one's voice heard w/out silencing others
The only thing that will make me a little more happy today is 's pictures!
In a tanning salon with and the things I do with my friends:
USA/France from Worlds is on NBCSN right now.
The CityCenter at 735 and Consolidated Construction won the IB Commercial Design Award for Best Rennovation Retail 2012 for Gold's Gym!
nice to meet u toox

Breathe, Stretch, Shake ..
Let it go ..
alright.
Tip me good cause Ima be a waitress lol
Looking for a new outfit.
Want to try out something unusual.
Smokey treats.
I need to quit.
I love how signs her name but then you meet her.....: I'm just kiddin' lol!:
can u skype?!
: JUSTIN AND SELENA BROKE UP?
what!?
where'd you hear that!!
dont play cam wow you were caught little buddy 
: Sounds EXCITING!
Getting ready for board meetings
bring back wine samples then you can also be
Anyone out there using , please share feedback.
Looks promising, love the UI.
Thanks!
if by the time the bar closes and u feel like falling down, I'll carry you home tonight.
Merry Christmas!
Yum, agreed!
RT Brooklyn Girl, The Craftsman and Herringbone!
Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
Have a great holiday :
I am writing you out of exasperation.
I don't know what to do next.
I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
looking forward to meeting everyone, look for me !
: My life in a country song, part MMMCMLXXXIII: She Only Loves Me by Nick Verzosa.
Love it!!
i will
HAHAHAHAHA that was well played
hi!
I'm great thanks : how are you?
I follow u on a probationary period in hopes u tweet bullets of knowledge and hilarity that blows my brains out
Has anyone tried Mohdoh from Australia?
It's an aromatherapy dough that you knead to release the scent.
Let us know if you've tried it.
Goodmorning love hope you have a good day  this text message I received this morning...
:
aight then let's tpain a gospel song lol
Going to Theo...be back later guys :
: my favorite of hers is Believe.
omg.
I Believe you got the wrong girl.
Lol.
oh thats my email addoctorss
Thank you!
:
Calling coast to coast for people who want their own homebasedbusiness.
Mikebanningchocolate.com
what!!!!???
260 for them is crazy fam but I guess it is what it is
they said university of Baltimore and Michigan state :
being tall
Off to Jamaica any events going on this week?
lol were we watching the same show?
All I saw was Talkin and last episode she ran into da camera man faking a fight
Who wants to the golf range with me?
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:
Interested in talking to you about meeting w/Holder for L.A.
Times doctorp me a line if you can talk
first40songsonshuffle 22.
mission district  so over you
Keep following
Are you bringing your catchers gear tomorrow?
You will bring them in and plant them on the mountain of your inheritance the place, LORD, you made for your dwelling, the...
High Fructose Corn Syrup!?!
at the homies cali buds the best
Hope everyone had an awesome Halloween :
Trying to learn and grind out omaha on PokerStars building my bankroll up on that site.
I do better in tournaments on the site.
he is a bit creepy
highschoolmemories late nights at Seneca golf course and many other after dark shenanigans w/ all my boys at red fox rd.
I used to be able to find flights for 120 :
I am doing ME now ;D LML!!!
jiji
Texas AM beat OU!!
I can't believe it!!
Correction , Sexy Lite Skin..
Literally the skin 
Tickets to Russian River Schooners have sold out in less than a minute.
Reminder, you don't need tickets for the tasting.

I thought maybe you had another book contract?
Colima Linda Apartment Homes are only 3.85 miles to USD.....
Home of the......
Univesity Of San Diego :
Obama: I like coke.
Fox News: Obama declares war on Pepsi.
aw man!
Thanks for resharing my tweet!
They should let me shoot the Lord Knows video.....
home girl!
RT : Breaking: spokesperson says fed judge has lifted stay that allowed TX to exclude their clinics from WHP.
Stay...
Too much Visine?
We FINALLY found a supplier of speciality gear that will save clients tons of money with our new...
oops, we haven't announced that yet.
Work needs to end..
Congrats on your new job!
Next time I'm in the bay area, I'll let you know!
:
SaveMoney w/ GiftCards!
Restaurant.com save up to 60 off  12 cash back.
GiftCards.com save up to 25 off  2 cash back.
You're annoying go away.
hey hannah!
hows boston treating you?
Harry, you light up my world like nobody else.
The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed 3
What are you doin right now?
Fifa?
What is doin?
Wanna chill for a bit?
Live and let live.
It's nice outside outside now, windy and not sunny
Today is my son's birthday.
He is turning 11!
Happy BD Julian!
should he get a pass?
SMDH RT : Lol already tryin to make a built in excuse if 6 doesn't win bc of the bosh injury.
No.
LakerFansRunTwitter y'all don't run shit but ya mouths !
!
!
LA smells like popcorn.
It IS just like the movies.
It'd be better if you followed me.3
A BIG Thank you from the FCS!
Have a great weekend everyone!!
Hit my limit on following peeps on Twitter....again...
Doing a booksigning today at the Barnes  Noble at the Arlington Parks Mall from 1 to 3.
: About 25 of our menu usually is or can be made vegan.
Love to celebrate with you!
yes!
GO GET EM PEYTON !
SHOW EM WHO'S BOSS.
Bachman promises to get gas down to 2/gallon.
Right after she prays away all the gay.
Coming soon: voting for on our new tees!
Huzzah!
you would be proud.
Today my purchases in chitown hot pink jeans  2 neon bracelets  neon yellow rebecca minkoff purse :D
following back
Guess they figured it was fair game since that is what ATT did when iPhone came out.
Not like ppl need reason to leave ATT.
you're silly
I will, thanks
Ah okay SO you mad at me now ?
Thats how it is up in here /////// 
Proudly turning in my dockside card
YAY!
We can't wait to see you!
RT : in 5 days i will be home sweet home eating monicals, shopping in champaign, chillin with...
can you follow me?
just sayin.
cause.
idk, i love you.
Mane he got dat wrap around dck
On timetodegree: like so many other recent HigherEd issues, this strikes me as our equivalent of redlining.
1/2
Agreed 100 :D
come visit!
loved that other video on the same site: gas falls below 3 throughout the nation  maybe they should update?
just had 1 bout an hour ago was delish but order w/ xtra kraut :
Allen Iverson will go down as one of the greatest scorers in NBA history.
But can you consider that greatness?
Pretty FiredUp that I gotta miss out, guess I'll have to make up for it another time.
ThereItIs!
That worst part is, I've liked him since like 3rd grade.
Happy 21st birthday to !
He's so hot.
YEP!
ROTFLSHTMTFSICATWTGAT
Baby with all these bitches and all these hoes, you never know how this shit might go.
Could you make today the best day of my life and follow mee?
I'll buy ya Nandos x lmao thank you!
Our fireplaces are all carved out of marble travertine stone.
Anything you can doctoram up, we can do.
does this look familiar?
Wheres the police when you need them ?
It's not letting a lot of people log in, so we can't see a show we paid money for.
I'm that type of person that wants to get good grades,but doesn't want to study..:D
I just can't believe it and it was just during a stupid practice too!
Please RT: LIKE us on our new Facebook page.
We will be consistently posting behind the scenes and more!
www.facebook.com/VictoryProductions
masters in our hands today for next release.
Remaindermen's border states set for June 15 release!
Jake Rothschild RED ALERT!!!!
Jake's Ice Creams  Sorbets is open Friday and Saturday until MIDNIGHT!!!!
and until 10 pm on Sunday
Don't be mean to Vickie, King!
Never pay for Groceries again, www.gasandfoodvideo.com I will supply you with 125 leads a week, Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd
Now following.
I'd love a follow back please!
Kids, I can't wait.
See y'all tomorrow  all aboard!
Looks like Olivo's turn to take the reins, as Figgins, Mesa, DeLucia  Schooler did before him.
That is why both appeared today while challenging jurisdiction
fair enough.
I'm happy to discuss it if you change your mind!
We love photogrpahing jewelry!
I got 16 and 20 in a pool, lady has 11.
Not expecting much
I need an easy, delicious dessert to make with a 10 yearold tonight...ideas?
Dirk is the man
Where's the pic of Dave in a speedo?
the CU Amtrak station started with 4 poor reviews, followed by three 5star ratings, 2 of which are w/in 24 hrs
Havent Been On This Account In A Loooonng Time :
of what
what you mean, he's a stunt
SASSY PANTS
: Yes, I do have the right to say long hair don't care because my hair is long af.
Thanks!
New at this blog stuff...
learning on the fly!
They lost him.
He was gone.
I feel humored.
I don't even wanna consume water anymore.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Tennessee Williams
: its so chunky it's phat.
Imagine that...John Bolton was the most reasonable at CPAC.
Oh yes, District is quite popular!
You have excellent taste sir!
Bug a boo  forgot about this JAM lol
Oh how I love.
LOVE3
Thank you.
I am following you too.
Finally a little sunshine in PDX...
told you gonna happen again like that next game
I just saw the cutest set a of twins...sighs One Day....
Happy Anniversary!
tequila, neat is the next best thing :
My favorite AC memory: after hearing me in class, says You practice a lot, don't you?
Glad no ish went down with her
My brother makes me want to smack him...
repeatedly ...
Twitter welcomes mister Happy Hour, the Titan of Telegraph Hill  mister Myles Cameron!
Now be sure to go see Midnight in Paris
Elway on Dawkins: He'll be missed.
takes a fast shower, gets ready quickly, smiling big because i get to see Jason again
I also found it odd that the slayer had the same habit of slaying sentence structure as the person he wrote the letter to.
You're the only one who knows if I'm a good kisser or not :
ha!!!
That's so funny, Kim!
Cool stuff.
because i wanted you to see it
Astronomers do it in voids.
you are followed !
You Are SO Cute !!
: IFreaking Love You .
MADISON  GAB will not accept reviews of recall petitions by anyone other than targeted office holders.
I love avery .
Her covers are just amazing.
And originals are better then her covers.
Live To Give  Free Money For These people  Week 2  www.BrianEZimmerman.com Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
With one eye you are looking at the outside world, while with the other you are looking within yourself.
Amedeo Modigliani
Hooray the Kings of Leon are playing tonight!
Are you going?
Cool idea.
I like Moyer's 3legged stool.
Design Truckproviding stylish designer seating while you dine at local food trucks!
thank you very much:
lol cool I'm about to saw my sister the new jb video
Peter Marsh at SNIPSummit  the most valuable data are mythbusters that show a longheld belief is wrong.
Unapplied data is merely trivia
Boxing needs a MayweatherPacquiao fight.
Both fighters need 2realize they have the power 2revive the sport.
Something is wrong with my dog :'
You know you're a music nerd when: your doodle turns out to be the circle of fifths.
Yes, I'm not really feelin it.
Do you have something awesome to do?!
: I think imma just put this track out.
I Say Hell Yeah, Fuccin Right Damn Right!!
I don't even know if I have school 2mister
Is Oakland Mayor Jean Quan an opportunistic, flipflopping politician, or has she seen the light?
That's ok.
Everyone does.
They think they don't, but they do.
now to write the billions of papers I have to do .
Sweet baby christmas, this fat mans snoring is far too loud and crazy for a human.
I need a pokeflute asap
when u down go talk to sum crack heads real funny they made my day
Hey punch me in the face so I can get some fuckin sleep!
I think should date instead of
I know my days of the week shhhhhhh
But rich wouldn't pay their fair share under flat tax.
can't wait to visit the shop in Marciachi Plaza!
We'll have to do some playing there...
New Nakate came in today.
So many fun bright colors!!
Check out the snap shots 3
wouldn't it be epic?
Theyre my 2 favorite artists right now!!!
Plus Hannah and Zach would sound AHMAZING together :P
I need the best bang for the buck Tripod, that does it all!
where do I start?
WHO IN THE HELL TOLD NICKI MINAJ THAT SHE CAN SING???
tragic!!!
Yes!
These winter blues need to hit the road ASAP!
I know me too it is too cute
Miami Heat will be in the bonus to start Game 2!
That'll teach the Pacers to challenge my authority!!!
Can I get a...: Ah mani pedis with if this isn't qualityoflife I don't know what is :
How'd you ask
A3 ACC can last as basketball first because it has the two best longterm teams in Duke and UNC.
All else is football first.
i know your gonna make it tonight and every other night after this if it's God's will!!!
praying for you!
amazing performance!
was up
'God only gives good gifts...
but sometimes they come in really hard packages..'  / Such a good word this AM.
RT PIPA raises serious concerns about our civil liberties.
Thats why next week I plan to oppose the current PIPA bill.
I was a few minutes late doll, AS USUAL!
LOL!
Still when I got he said JUST !
MORE HOUR!
Checking 2 C if he replied.
LOL
Seriously my dude's Tshirts are super dope, get in on the ground floor www.finallyhip.com
you made my day fam.
What should music sound like but anything less than your heart?
I prefer my pity parties with vodka and
Well let c if the Bulls have any heart.
Just can't believe there down to n 8th seed.
I understand the injuries but there better the that.
nothing wrong with being happy when my teams beat Redsox Yankees steelers patriots colts  duke
Sittin in ap and the omg girls came on kinda funi to see evrybodi's face
Sounds good.
Hopefully work is calm enough to give us a few minutes.
Happy Mothers Day
haveuever doctorven a car through a barbwire fence into a cow field in the middle of the night while fryin balls on acid?
This Sunday  the DC Jazz Loft with Herman Burney, Reginald Cyntje, Victor Provost myself 7pm start time.
I thought you were the antiKortlun???
Heading on a vacation?
Give your appliances a break too: unplug/ turn off all you can and set heat at 55, lower water heater temps to save!
S/O to all my new followers : happy Monday everyone!
Hollow me on instagram lots of pics
damn man.
I'm um sorry to see that.
Great success in creating a new interactive doctorma approach for our latest production.
Will launch in Jan.
so it's his birthday.
i wanna say happy birthday, but we fell out smh.
tragic.
she is right, you would hate it.
But in that Let's get wasted and throw a breakdown at the bridge way.
RT : tonight.
perfect monday night.
Nice to see you!
Things are great here.
Funny to run into while I was dining with three other GSLIS folks  small world!
Where's my doctornk :
Veterans connect with available benefits from federal, state  local agencies at free seminar May 5, 13pm at John D Dingell VA Medical Ctr.
Clone himself and get Mike Brown fired.
: For the Lakers to win tonight, Kobe needs to 
It's been exactly a year since has followed me :D neversaynever someday he will follow u guys : 9410  11:55 am :D
Hi, I had my iphone 4 replaced by Apple, but now I cant download infinifolders that I paid for.
Can you help please?
Thanks...
At the open hacker house: archivd.com/openhackerhouse
I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I doctoram of the day that youll take me in your arms again.
rebecca black is to pop what alexandoctor wallace is to asianamerica.
unwitting oneoffs perfectly embodying the stereotypical oppressor.
I am still amazed by the snow, I am like a child and want to go outside make snow angels!
RT : wonder what happen to
3WordsOfAdvice let's go caps
I wanna go somewhere right now
Merseyside museums at risk of major cuts: Central government's pinch on funding may hit the new Museum of Liverp..
Soaked in awesomeness and baked in wisdom.
Love this season hate the constant commercial breaks.
Burt Cooper on  was amazing.
BITCH IF YOU DONT LIKE IT THEN SAY SOMETHING OR JUST GET OVER IT
thanx 4 heads up can u email w/specifics?
I did test in firefox  not seeing an issue 2 fix
The laughs we had playing Twister in Spanish today 
looking for cougars?
Try the Pearl on a Friday night.
OH!
Ours just came back on, it was out for over 30 minutes...
Something exploded and then total darkness...
you unfollowing me now??
RT There are four steps to happiness: 1.
You, 2.
Me, 3.
Our Hearts, 4.
Together!
My third and final panel at AFS.
I so want to smoke.
nordic trak!?
our beats are stale!
lets look at some new tracks next week.
i am down to change it up
The format of the discussion tool itself is part of the problem with social networking in education.
Questions about President Kerwin's Campus Plan email?
Ask us!
Administration and Local News Editor is our Campus Plan wonk.
When gets 5K followers my boyfriend gets anal
Chance for showers diminishing.
We can't rule out the slight chance for a few more showers overnight  into Sunday, especially for SE Ohio.
Christian music really changes lives everywhere.
If you enjoy it, you should check us out!
Hands down my favorite movie of all time.
RT Gladiator
watch weiner circle on trutv where you can, when you can.
Do you need me to go with you?
I could remind you of things you forget.
lol Knock it out the park  safe travels
Keep pushing toward your doctorams.
You are almost at the finish line!
Sassy Megan is kinda likeable.
Wow!!
Man City
All in a day's work: I'm working with a client to install Sharing Tools on their website.
Get visitors to SHARE what they LIKE with friends.
We are excited to be with A World For Childoctorn today at the Launching doctorams conference.
Come visit our table and say hi!
Sal:now she want a photo, im making brownies.
With hahaha
BOUT TO FUCK WITH MY LIL BRO 4 TONIGHT......ITS HIS BDAY........LOVE U NIGGA
well they said they were going to have something special for us.
So maybe it's not a concert maybe it's a meet and greet
I feel like not having exams until midweek is like having a bye in the playoffs.
You dont know the atmosphere or how prepared you are.
Oh my karen oh my karen  plankton me and my lil bro singing
Throwing random things  people  looking away like you ain't do it 
omg thats so adorable.
Oh how you make me laugh :
Fr some reason I still can't DM u back.
I'm on AM1160 MF, 3to5p.
Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson.
As far as we know people always thought that real estate investment is a good thing to do and can possibly lead the way to one's succ...
Can't wait for tonight!
is your  still the same?
And shame on me for not thinking that.
Or automatically following them.
I checked out creepy instagram guy.
Very creepy.
Hope friends in the Cape area consider stopping by  10 of today's sales goes to bigbrobigsis.
BeThere for food and fun!
Great Post!
And I am done with my graceless heart, so tonight I'm going to cut it out and restart.
Chapter 2012 Page 40 of 366 Creative juices are flowing...finding new ways to put more money IN my client's pocket.
Can't wait to unveil the exhibit booth we created with and The Witmer Group!!!
Johnathan can't say my name so he always be like Aye Lil Girl!
Lmfao
Oh my.
Wow.
RT Pens just announced they will have Monday OFF.
No practice.
how was that for stalking?:
Taylor says I'm reem.
:
BRGO BUZZING HARD PEEPS EXPECTING Q3 NUMBERS TO KILL PREVIOUS EARNINGS!
HEARING IT'S A 3 WEEK MOMO PLAY LEADING INTO 's.
HUGE IMO 
You're wrong.
9: LA wants it more...
: goodnight
so from what i see, last nights show was amazing!
too bad i live in chicago, maybe ill have to fly out to arizona for a show..
FLORIDA STATE.....
Florida State, Florida State, Florida State...
WHO!!!!!
Big Basketball  Baseball Wins.
Great day 2 B a NOLE!
Gotta come back big time
YES way to go!
Great season.
Sweet 16 is a great accomplishment  something every senior will always remember.
Big things ahead 4 u guys
You need to realize that being a slut isn't attractive
That Monday was a kick in the teeth.
Hopefully a run will make it better and not worse.
Tarzan it is baby!
Don't lie to yourself.
You know you adore the loincloth.
Hahaha  P.S.
I MISS YOU MORE!
Here we go USA!
O is it a download card featured at Starbucks?
I'll go grab a photo of it during lunch/after work!
:
Can't believe the product just auditioned for.
It's something people got rid of/canceled big time about 5 years ago.True test of Advertising
You can be anything you want to be.
Don't let the pressures of society tell you otherwise.
wow were you off!
Just got out of rehearsal!
Tired and Hungry
Absolutely,  that is my message.
I often wonder if those society refers to as Special Needs are in fact the angels among us
Dang..reminds me of a quote from the Godfather: Just when I thought I was out...they pull me back in
I hope he's with the Ms for a long, long time.
ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand some idiot pulls out in front me.
at least get to the speed im going.
you being naked is my fault?
That I can live with
No doctorma this year :
Cohen: We can cut violence now by 50 in any city w/o more  by reprioritizing and political will.
A strong girl keeps her stuff in line, and with tears running down her face, she still manages to whisper the simple words, I'm fine.
Bruce P at Raymond James says mobility and portability critical when considering edge protection.
Hey, I didn't know you had a workout in the Nike Training Club app!
So cool!
Can't wait to unlock it :
About to go to church.
Been waiting for the counselor for almost 20 min
DOWNLOAD FASTER COME ON
Fake it till you make it.
Act as if you expect to be accepted, and you will be.
This will boost your self confidence!
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen...
It's now open for Manning and Wayne or Garçon in Miami
: Yes!
Hawaii over work?
No complaints there!
A bittersweet home coming I'm sure.
Thanks and good luck with the jetlag!
cheer up buttercup  bestani loves you!!
Please, please let her have doctorpped out of an Education Connection college.
next week is my last week there tho,
Lucky you
I literally sat there and smiled like an idiot.
He was like you smile a lot...
awww...
Hope she feels better soon and that u have a wonderful day!
Tat in 2 weeks turn 16 in a few days an a job at KI : Let's go hyped for my tat: 3
I fucking love
Your heart rate should be neither too slow nor too fast
Great example of why we need GPO  FDLP  searched for 2008 pub on bioethics commission site w/ no luck  then found PURL thanks to GPO!
Juss seen the Funniest Miller Lite Commercial eVER !
XD.
It's Saturday so that means Beachers w/  maybe
right now im lonely...but at least i have my music :D
i should not be getting so mad so E.Z ..i should be forgetting things this early.i shouldnt be so stressed..i shouldnt be so lost.
' My room Hella cracking rite now!!
I'm gonna change lanes now...
OH NO WAIT JUST KIDDING!
Had a great band practice last night...
gearin up to doctorp some great tunes at SummerDance next weekend.
But for now...enjoying the day off!
Fuuuck finally on break.
Now to sit at subway for an hour :.
true, but for me its more of a lack of faith in the scouting / player development.
and i kinda feel bad for Andoctors because i know he's gunna get hurt tomorrow.
Everyone talking about how good prom was Friday is making me depressed I didn't go
row11 my flight to SFO wont be the same w/o yall.
amsterdamflightdeck2012injuly 
This looks like a great opportunity.
I attended your speaking engagement yesterday .
I am a female biz owner and your points are empowering.
Haven't been on twitter for a few days..
what did i miss D:
This whole day been fucked up
Nice to meet you!
Hope you like our EP :P
so jealous right now!
Absolutely correct Doug!
story tellers
what it dew my dude???...man just grindin hard...workin on sum things...
Like how I grew to channel my aggressions so I may, fight the last opportunity to see fit distractions which havent bothered me at all
lmao I will never get caught!
not totally sure yet, I think everyone's coming over.
I'm working for a while.
I can call you after.
Or you can call Damin.
IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night when she's alone.
She cries her self to sleep.
What are the odds that gets a kit sponsor before the season starts?
What did you think?
I've been sitting on most of a 6 pack of that for months.
I was very disappointed how flat  plain it tastes
im fucked up, i miss you too
Buck is starting to lose me.
No Reimold in today's lineup.
Really?
Hey , not sure why i got unfollowed...I haven't been on here alot lately
Spent a work day at my old stomping grounds..
Felt like home again...
Minus the operation, in my trapaholic days...
Time for the longest 2 1/2 min of our lives.
Unless my desire is to become gratuitously followed by porn stars and spammers, I should clean up my language.
LIKE 500BOYZ FAN PAGE ON FACEBOOK.
If I died and went to hell, it'd take me about a week to realize i wasn't at school anymore
spiteful people
: Thx , if you're at aam2012, please come to meetups!
i'll be there ...
Abt 2 take survey
!!!!!!
11:11 is my most favorite song in the whole entire world!!!!!!!!!!!
AustinToTopTen!!
Love airports that have rocking chairs.
verycool.
Thank you Charlotte.
twugs n will.
B glued to my tv
no long an i got it very late
what are you mean?
RT : be sure to try the Cajun Margarita!
won the recipe contest there.
Tonight is a...
Racing.
Because football baseball bowling and golf only require one ball.
Oh um LOL things are just funny to me hahaha
I think you should have your own merchandise, like Austin, and what Alex is gonna' have!: Follow Back?:
RT : twitter is my favorite book
oh you know it, I can't believe how warm it was..
Love it!
did 's triple in Turkoglu's face remind you of his baller 3 vs Harrington circa '03?
Got his swagger back!
Maurice Sendak molded the imagination of my childhood In the Night Kitchen
Already quite warm on my part of the marathon route!
Many gallons of water on the sidewalk.
Also, an abundance of nonrhotic accents.
Me too  I want some wings b ..
I just shed a tear for you :' RT : So jealous!
No crawfish in Denver...
bottom line IU does not deserve a home  home with UK.
NOT ELITE !
I Hear Music In The Air press conference April 12th 2012 10:00am at The Aronoff Center.
Tsunami advisory extended to Oregon, Washington, parts of Alaska, coastal British Colombia
Occupy Red Bank looks like a total bust.
Strong convictions only one day a week??
I'm in love with my new phone!
Iphone 4s so far is the best!

you guys being there madee it warmer.!
:  havee fun and be safe,!
Saw Somn From oomf.
That Made My Day When I Woke Up.
I Really Miss That Guy.
Bet He Misses Me Too
Working on another MuseumADay blog post on Oliver H.
Kelly Farm
Matusz glove is stitched with Brady Anderson's name.
peeing my pants, i am so freakin excited :D.
: I will never be able to say those words.
Wow, that racial insult was so old it outlived its own social security...
Lamar needs to play better ball or either quit the show or basketball.
He obviously can't do both!
Thx for the retweet and if anyone mentions they saw the RT from you and is hired you will get www.cgtpa.org/cgtpapayout
So so full from holiday food...cannot eat another bite.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Areas of fog with local visibility one...
looking for twitter to give you that Blue check Yee.
Morning Brooklyn Gurrrrl!!!
Congrats!
Can't wait to read it.
RT : My book is here!anunshakablebelief.com Ebook is out 1st week of March on Amazon
Its so hard to let go, when you mean so much to me.
Sisterinlaw made butterfinger fudge cake.
Literally the best thing I have put in my mouth in 2 months.
I guess you have to splurge some...
An accountant can use a companys previous years' performance as a guide for planning for the future.
Booked up now for this weekend.
Would love to do some Monday perfs in the Chopin basement lobby at some point.
Impact of choice of lining under amalgam fillings to be examined
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Spring office cleaning day.
Jealous?
Bring your game faces for some mean Apples to Apples and Just Dance 2!
is making pizza so we're set!
The Spanish Room taps into every sense.Yes you can even taste it.Treat yourself to this buffet of Spain!
Can't sleep up watching movies
BangBang the cat is excited to make her TV debut this morning!
I couldn't be more proud of you, Dave was right you've got a hit on your hands.
SaySomething is beautiful and perfect like u.
Chara hit on Max Pacioretty was dirty the game misconduct was a great call you have to keep
Advantages of being in the british airways lounge?
Free doctornks.
Rum and coke before the flight.
Before you chase rainbows and unicorns, you must believe they exist.
I might just have the best grandparents in the whole world !!!!
I love my family so blessed :
Truer words were never spoken...too bad I already ate my whole box...
It's fucking hot has balls in here and I can't sleep.
:S
finally got twitter :
Oh, that's absolutely true.
Me, for instance.
In Miami Gardens...I'll send you the flyer when dude finish
Thanks for the retweet!
: Due to severe weather in DFW area, there is a ground stop at Thanks for your patience.
THIS SUCKS
Fab Wolves In Sheep Clothing.
wonderful.
I will email you after I get off work tonight with my schedule and we can see what will work.
Thank you so much!
Do you have the link to the program?
THanks
Coaches  what will your players remember after their season with you?
New follower luv his tweets
Finally got plans this weekend :D gonna be crunk!!
Well my family is always later
Awesome!
RT : Singing Beatles songs with at the Moore in Seattle tonight!
Come one, come all!
how are you love.
Thanks for the follow ...
Thanks for the follow!
Have you gotten the chance to join us for breakfast!?
Just wondering which location!
Ma grandma is playing One Time by Justin Bieber on ze Piano!
3 AMAZİNG!
Tonight is hospitality night at The Anchor Bar in Tampa..
Come in for Half off after 7pm at your fav
Great thoughts on the future of libraries from CliffordLynch at wworld but I'm wary of the fact that he's not wearing a Hawaiian shirt
I got a big idea i just need a little help to make it happen
We should be able to sleep in on these trips instead of getting up at 6AM
Spent the evening with the one and only Thanks for the cupcake!
Always a pleasure!
THE BEST HAS YET TO COME
my body needs a hero come n save me
I hope gas doesn't kill Obama like it killed Carter.
Thank you everyone who stopped by the booth during the SD Bay Food  Wine Festival!
We met so many amazing wine lovers!!
No wonder they don't want the tax system overhauled!
The countdown to MarchMadness is almost over.
Our prime Loop location is ideal for sneaking out of the office to catch a game.
it sounds like you've had a day.
Or a week.
Hope your weekend begins soon.
doctorCapiluto better be at school tomorrow!!
Epiphany; Toscanini's in bed.
Congrats to all GANG video game music awards Finalists...what a great year for game music!
awesome!
I'm from the USA : did you get a reply from Jennette?
Misread your tweet  didn't see you were referring to Tucson.
Our SM offers only apply to Phoenix stores!
So sorry!
not when it's a damn good album....
Oh just another late night teaching at Hilbert College...
ya hooooo!
Per Se!
U owe me lol
Love you Pastor!
Miss ya'll.
I'd like to see the sun rise but I am always in my office already.
I can tell.
You're bouncing off the walls girl!
Haha :
FF professorssional me: Same person, smarter tweets.
the next step is to take a podcast and create a vlog to make the learning social
happy independence day, mexico!
oops I twittered
has a one man show in Vegas?!
Great day for solo performance.
Wishing you a joyful and safe New Year celebration.
Lacrosse: Northwestern loses ALC crown to Florida
Thanks for the follow; we'll do our best not to disappoint!
;
Surprisingly I'm not that tired.
Time to get ready for school!
Most Boring Sentence I Wrote Today: For the English, however, war tended to be more persistent, distinctive, and thorough.
Lmao just kidding : RT : :o I never knew lmfao
i think a days are a liddo better than b days .
i mean i see you a liddo more than b days :
super excited to be here!
We would love to see that work but fear it will not.
Nothing does.
It's Target.
;
Ah!
We've been using TweetDeck, but that's great info to hear.
Maybe it's time to expand to HootSuite....
LOL!
My cats aren't fans of the vacuum, either!
However, it has to be on and near them before they run!
Life is a bitch, so learn how to fuck it.
I am the Crocodile!
I wish I could see him Tonight.
thanks my friend, you know I appreciate that!
Cant wait to get the christmas album out.
So Carrie Diaries is a real thing?
Oh okay.
True...but that's not Puerto Rico lol.
Justice for the wives.
I admire their courage!
Saving Face.
1 a 'portal' is something you built in the 1990s...
the big successful companies today are generative platforms 
Deleting key factors to move an agenda forward equals a lie!
Yes ma'am!
You can certainly pick up a friend's race packet.
FYI: girls will get packets from their coaches on race day.
I don't feel good at all 
yes this is sweet
EVERY ONE THIS IS SERIEOUS A KID IN SOMALIA AND HE IS DYING PLZ HELP HIM DONAT MONEY TO SAVE HIM LOOK FOR EARLY TWEET PIC OH HIM SO CUTE :
Red Hot Yoga's Teacher Training program will open it's 500 RYT training next spring.
More info to come!
the journey..
Keep my thoughts pure and honoring to you God.
Angry Birds was made from IBM software.
180 million copies!
For those ripping the Chalmers shot, a question: Did you watch Game 2 of the 2011 NBA Finals?
All you're trying 2 do down 3 is get a clean 3
Give me what I'm asking for and I'm yours
Never had a sunburn on my legs before.....
it hurts so bad!
im also burned on my cheeks under my eyes and on my arms :/
Yup!
That's exactly what I was hoping for.
We could find some new places to seek shame and rejection!
Translation of what George Zimmerman's nowformer attorneys are saying: Zimmerman has gone rogue.
you forgot to add Part time Veggie to your bio ....
New music from tune in
I'm al right.
Don't nobody worry about me!
jamminInMyCar just let it be :
Who are you living for?
What are you living for?
Clue  if it's just for u or about u...u won't be living
Buy tickets now for Crossroads Concert  SECCA.
Fri, Mar.
30.
DeanBritta play to Warhol's top 13 screen tests.
www.secca/org.
Hurry!
Wish I could make it for the talks, the networking, and the trip to Jeni's Ice Cream.
Good luck this summer!
let's go to destin
Teacher: What do you call a person who keeps talking when people are no longer interested?
Me: You.
where's that picture we took!
hopefully its as cute when its large as it was when it was on your phone!!
lol
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 51
Tinted windows are dumb.
I just learned that is 30 yo, need to head to Canada and doctornk the water.
my ipod  my phone.
Hoping the NFL gets something done soon, because the Ravens schedule looks awesome.
Houston, we have a problem: RAIN, TORNADOES, FLOODING...have a great!
Doesn't Ted Phillps need to go too?
If you got the spirit stand tall, and say yes, yes, y'all.
Yes, yes, y'all.
You sure, isn't out of your way?
lol it was your idea, and I was just there last weekend...they had some pretty good sales :
thanks boo love you!
pretty good.
I know you make plenty of visits down here..you should actually stop in once in awhile!
Good morning Facebook frends.!
quick question, What would be a better contest gift, an iPad2 or a fully optimized Website.?
she was wonderful!
It's inspiring to see what can be accomplished on a social platform.
We are not in last place in delegates.
Don't believe the hype.
We're in this and it's wide open!
The acted like he bombed a bus full of orphans holding kittens.
The rest of them got a buy.
Thanks to everyone at Kaufman, Rossin who wore jeans today to raise money for  they are a deserving organization!
Don't you just love juniorleague training events?!
To all my star wars peeps!
May the fourth be with you!
Best birthday present ever???
: Belated birthday present for my baby, ??
that one guy ?
D?
On my way to the most beautiful place in the world, Ohio.
:
New trees planted on the Trail along Blackford street!
Watching Last years NBA finals Heat vs Mavs all I can really say its A BUNCH of BALONEY
Thanks for sharing your story and giving Davids name!
RT : So great being with all of you!
BeforeYouExit will you guys come to indiana again?:  my twitter name is sarah fox, not sapphire hahaah ; x
Comparison shopping is indeed Read the rest of this entry 
Yes getting on the map  Gartner will be reviewing and our products
I don't wanna leave :
tweetdeck, I love and hate you so much
You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky.
The sun is always shining on some part of your life.
Go get a tan!
is pretty chill.
I need to hang with that kid more.
just watched the directors cut of chronicle .
Loved the extra footage that built more of a bond between Andoctorw and Steve.
Bars RT you ain't from russia, so bitch why you rushing hahaha
oh lol so he gettin out, jus no time soon
What do you look for in a sci fi or fantasy novel?
Haha thanks Jill, I love that song.
How you been?
Attention nearby OccupyVA folks!
RT : Tomorrow's action is against the Tar Sands.
Meet  McPherson  5:30.
Flash mob
Registering at bloomies home store!!
this teacher thought i was sniffing my nail polish bottle, lofl
All I got to say is: Massachusetts Supremacy 4 ever...best state...New Hampshire...it's like Texas on the north....
marry christmas jason.
do you have to work on jesus's birthday?
I just wanna kiss you .
But I can't right now so baby kiss me thru your twitter.
what did you do?
WHAT an amazing life I have.
I send you all love hugs and kisses.
Back to work then off to kats!!
lol how many of you thought Dubstep was a dance?
Lol, no kidding!
When the day is moving faster than you, and that list just keeps getting longer!
:
While all of DC is at the Verizon Center tonight, and I will be at the Nats game, blissfully ignoring any Caps updates :
Peace put Jazz..
Should have never been in the postseason period.
Miranda, thanks for listening to our stories!
soon soooooonnnn!!!!
Bring my wallet
.....has not the surplus power exercised on the subjected body of the condemned man given rise to another type of duplication?
DP, p.29
you are my biggest idol what you do is incredible visiting the sick childoctorn : 3 so down to earth
Sure, as long as you rewrite the content.
Great for backlinks and traffic!
Why do we fixiate on an engineering failure like Titanic?
Enough already.
FOLLOW US ALEX 
Always great to be w/  talking education, workforce  economic development.
Keep up the great work gentlemen.
Thanks for all of your RT's!
I appreciate it!
lol I see you going in.
Well spoken
Wired World of Sports Episode 4 is now up and available on iTunes
Thanks for the hospitality.
I have thoroughly enjoyed your reviews for a long time.
: I've got to go back and listen to it.
I don't remember a thing I said.
spotify ads are killing me, like every 3 songs
Yes I do!
It's Just got back from Germany though, so updates are just starting up again.
no homo...
Been thinking along those lines.
We should knock heads in the coming days.
:
hey were hanging dis weekend
Great 2 be with ExUW greats LukeSwan  TarekSaleh at Sturge Weber event!
Great players giving back.
Swan is on the links!
i hate awkward conversations with the cashiers at walmart
Improv funny starts 9pm at Big Dog Theater tonight!
I think that was my 10,000th tweet  I wanted it to be about something fun, one I love, a little DC, and oh, so me.
: 
That man had him a good night the other night hah my nword
I'm country strong, hard to break
thank to for following us,
psn more please
Happy Halloween everyone!
:
I knew I should have bought snow boots.
Street tacos in Old Town San Diego with 1 daughter makes my day!
Got the nicest compliment about an undergrad lecture I gave: you did an AMAZING job; the class was buzzing on the way out : Aww!
:
which is why TimPop will get the 1 for the thumb RT : don't have a bench, they have a second set of starters.
Had pears canned by my mom and an egg from my inlaws' chickens for breakfast.
No matter what I do this TV won't turn over.
So I'm stuck watching Bargain Hunt for an hour.
Mint.
Nothing bro.
Haha
Does baby oil lay it down?
me is so very bored someone talk to me?
:/
i heard nicki minaj made a sex tape with big sean, on the radio this morning :0
Soledad is one of your sorors?
I had no idea lol
Zombie doctorams are the best.
yeah Kornelia just told me!
Is it with other bands too?
Get an iPhone mister Morgan.
We'd then be able to appreciate your photos as much as we appreciate your words.
When dance competitions run an hour early 
I'm not antisocial, I just don't pretend to like your bullshit
10 Saint Peters at the end of one!
Starting to become a VERY chippy game!
!
Latin Night  Sky Lounge!
2nd St.
Washington.2 Story Night Club.
Party All Night!.
Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock  top 40!!!
Now watching: doctor Dolittle
Soirées de St.
Pétersbourg, de Maistre, is a disturbing counterenlightenment text
follow me...
how is the neighborhood?
Any recent incidents or has everything been uneventful?
Can you give me a recap of the Flyers, Penguins game last night?
I forget what happened, Crosby does too
Walking under the rain....
: love it!
Better than been high ...
YOLO
Joel Ward, I like you but as they say in Nashville....it's all your fault, it's all your fault, it's all your fault...
Pringles: It's what's for dinner
Thanks so much for FF!
I appreciate you!
Have a wonderful weekend:
I can't help it if I enjoy affection.
ah that sounds ahmazzzinggg lil oil, u good!!
I like your pledge, but U  I may have slightly diff goals.
Youre concerned w/ getting money out of politics...
Honey, I just finished doctornking breakfast.
You've got to give the liver a little time to digest.
lol oh yeah
Who ready to party with me at CLUB FLIRT in LaMirage???
I have the Spurs.
But either way would be fun.
our 11th and 12th grade stdnts just successfully lobbied for facebook not to be banned for them
True dat!
RT : this is a caricature of US junk food that is Onionworthy.
aka don't think about things just blindly believe them and don't talk to people with opposing beliefs.
I'm pretty sure that's not it.
Lol
GreysAnatomy season finale.
salsa  bachata bands and party tonite at Millennium Hotel downtown STL!
Tremendous party guaranteed!
Also, dance performances!
wow just seen them two Blake Griffin dunks on Gasol smh just terrible
I ALWAYS know something you dont .
.
The chicken in the commons lolllol.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
np!
yea i can't afford to get hacked anymore smh
Agreed.
Way to go Packers!
Never too early for some margs and sangria
hey cutie ;
LOL...meant to type MOT.
Hilarious!
Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles Tendon TWICE this offseason.
His career is over, Sorry Eagles lol
: I have been in the travel industry for 14 years.
Experience does matter when booking your vacation.
travelGo for the best!
the way she looks
My girls are inside cooking dinner.
I'm in heaven :D
ILoveItWhenYou stay true to being a gentleman, even to another gentleman, like myself.
homo lovesit 
need to acknowledge how your public acknowledgement of continued friday watching makes me love you more.
Bed.
Then getting up and blowing my students' minds by telling them that Robert Frost's The Road Not Taken might not be inspirational.
RT : Curious to see how this SalesForce oow11 keynote thing plays out.
Maybe retweeted once to many this week?
RT : Something thatcamp demonstrates clearly: conferences don't need to performativity of the classic panel.
hey sarah.
do you know what happened to idil ?
Heading back to NJ...what a GREAT weekend!
Random News: DiCaprio 'to make Bollywood film debut' with Xtreme City!
If you enjoy seeing innocent animals being killed, you're nothing but a piece of shit waste of life...
Lmao!
That's hilarious!!!
just learned about your twilight tours.
Can't wait to schedule!
Never would have pegged you for a Stagecoacher!
Why?
The answer is simple: Music is a cultural artifact, and the culture has moved on.
Because clearly I'm rocking the high school music tonight with some Chumbawamba and O.A.R.
hey :D how are ya?
I get nervous every time Bryz goes to handle the puck.
yes sir!
says oh, i thought you might be from israel, because of your accent.
needless to say, that made her pretty amazing
You guys are amazing and cute...
;
justin i love u with all my heart ..pleasee follow me.?
Xo
Au Bon Pain always teases me by putting a ton of hummus with only 4 cucumber slices.
How do I eat the rest of the hummus?
W/my FINGERS?
OK.
oh so you could still see her
busy man!
Looking forward to brining a beautiful baby into the wild with in 2012.
Y'all need to get to get ready.
March will be crazy!
I think became best twitter bros last night, idk.
I got you Jerry, would love s follow back from an NFL legend.
Working all day and will be thinking of everyone, especially RAS, who is on the East Coast 3 ily RAS
You know society, if you wouldn't make me so uncomfortable I wouldn't always be so awkward.
god some people are so rude
Thanks for the follow and
I can't wait to touch down in broward co wit my nigga the next big thing in broward we gonna get money mitches and fame watchh
small steps still get you there.
grr did chris go inside already?
I was just there
is convinced that FlyPaper is really slick and worth purchasing.
I WILL get that hat back this weekend....
just FYI.
No homework for mee :
Cops just searched my car twice over a parking ticket.
Wtf
Got it..hope you have a good day
all these girls look pretty bad on these small twitter avatar pics...
soon as you click on their page and then they're busted...
Just say it: scienceissexy RT : DNA has never been so fascinating.
arms and guts and plankton tows.

Finally...
New twitme
Today was demo day Got to see lots of new stuff that customers and partners are going to love.
Great idea!
RT : I think the world is ending, and that means it's time to go to Lennox for an Iced Toddy.
Have you ever woke up pissed Or Happy at someone because of something they did in your doctoram?
I wish it was real.
You smell...
good.
AdWars PTSD: Headphones and coffee are my friend this AM.
Props to and her crew for a great night.
Congrats
RT : Psssst, Mother Nature, it's mid May.
I think so.
Maybe is better to ask about student writing blog post.
Really like the way Manny Acta has the playing ball.
Kinda National League feel to this game.
Both of you weigh less than me.
LOLOLOLOL
hmm...I might be sleep.
Lol....you good
FF Can all you folks please follow , need to get him up over 200 followers, he's close.
Best car service in Boston, hands down.
thats why the fight the fights in the ring and not on paper
any bike shops in north hollywood/burbank that carry 24 bmx wheels and tubes??
Getting put in the cemetery.
That's what a determined people can do in 18 days.
?
: Are you going to Wine in the Woods this weekend?
witw12
Favorite person of the day award goes to..
for the grand opening of !
The cookies are bonkers!!!
Red velvet for your life!
did you mean new or did you mean: great...
no avatar photo :
Well I am up and bout to start another week of working I hope I can get some extra hours so I can have over time
My Ice Is So Cold It Should Come On A Cone .
Attention RT Also needed to write for the site: women who live in places other than NY and LA.
you're welcome.
Your family is an inspiration to all of us.
Glad you got everything worked out with Hope to see you at web414 soon!
The pen with the bent wrist crooked king, sign away our peace.
Nashville?
Huh?
Is it broken or do you not want to get an email if I wanted to be contacted for more info later?
Opt in of course!
The Panda is on Virgin America heading west!
Hands down the best Airline!
On flight TV, great new plane, awesome staff, and plenty of bamboo
Check out Google today.
It's cool!
I don't know why I have a Twitter, I have nothing to say but stupid bullshit that no one will care about /
Experience is important to getting a real job eventually, right now.
Unpaid internships can be very important, for ex.
Spinnin at The MotherLoaded Tavern Tonight on Thanksgiving eve!
Come get your dance on B4 the big feast!
I never have gotten the appeal of signingday.
10 hours of coverage on ESPNU seems to be a little much.
Sports oversaturation?
Molly quit Twitter today.
I blame Ted Genoways.
at home chillin
Good night twitter this new future got me in my zone everyone have a blessed night
You can do anything you set your mind to:
Don't be so humbleyou are not that great
Way too much sleep last night...I'm a four am DYNAMO!!!
Floyds cocky as shit but backs it up.
I'd be fine with a rematch, but would rather see Mayweather vs.
Pacman
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know.
I'm going to shower.
Someone DM or reply for me to follow them before I get back.
:
I think I'll tell my story from the beginning: June 7 in the early 80s in Memphis, TN.
My bday is called The day of the entertainer.
what do I have to do to get a follow from you?
If you thought to ask the question: Am I ruining burning man?
the answer is Yes.
Burning man is dead.
Working your Ass off Avril all the time!!!
i like twitcon :
im so excited!!!
i seen you at school  watched you walk across the stage!
but why tho?
Was hoping to test out my car in snow this morning, instead got to test it in traffic and dirty water.
Worked great in that though.:
Enjoy the vacation, and let us know if we can help out when you return!
Awww, I want Sookie and Eric to get together!!!
Happy Easter Everyone
Thanks for the follow Let's get together and put a good show sometime in the near future.
First time I've been in a cab when the sober chick barfed...
I chastised you for sharing libraryrelated info.
Because the librarians will always the nonlibs when it comes to info sharing.
who doctorw.?
I wanna go curl up in a hole and stay there for a while.
dude what r some decent restaurants with vegetarian menus in the southside?
Break out the ponchos!!
625 tomorrow we do it : i want one direction tickets MORE THAN ANYTHING!!
nothing better than souring an amazing outing by any Phillies pitcher.
Cliff Lee is incapable of crying but i hope some fans are.
I leave out tomorrow midday going to MD
your welcome
To Tweet or not to Tweet?
That is the question...
when starts blasting in the store  i start putting on a mini concert for everyone here :p
Which doctorft pick will have the strongest rookie season, and which team, overall, had the best doctorft, picks wise?
I know right for me lately though its Wake up Call for me
The disappearance of the Middle class in America is happening
8k had to fold AJ on AK39 in a hu pot but fishie was nice enough to show me A9
Good dilemma?
Wedding same day as concert at The Plaza!
1.6 mi b/w the 2!
magwa dominating red coats  seal team sooks dominating osama
Cold cuts for dinner tonight yummy........
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Respect deserved due to age...regardless of tactics.
Yeah, but you're in my target demographic.
thepersonalisuniversal?
beRecruited Play of the Day: If a coach doesnt email you back right away, dont be discouraged.
Keep trying, it cant hurt!
Yes, test run first.
This is Reggie using Heidi's account
We are performing LIVE tonight at Cocktails...8pmuntil...10 cover...4 for 1 Martinis!!!!!
COME OUT AND HANG WITH YO BOYS!!!
I'm still in Baltimore, but I get up to New York every couple of months.
How soon do you get there?
Happy New Year !
Looking forward to showing you around the HolyLand in 2012!
We hope you can join us too!
Had a fantastic meeting with the crew.
Thank you guys for everything!
Good night.
xoxo
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo 69 pm hemmingwaysbistro.com
chore day 4 the kids tomorrow!!
lol
I love my cats.
I really do, but they can be so annoying at times.
Thanks for a fun season Reds!
Kentucky basketball starts Friday....
The Germs Circle One
I'm starting to smell tacos .
I'm officially hungry ;c
just met the team at SXSW...so, do you run shuttles anywhere?
Downtown only?
Or just between conference venues?
My college, Elon Unviersity, had one called Esquared that was quite similar to Facebook.
It wasn't very active.
Just realized somebody stole my f'ing 7 iron when I was at Golfsmith.
What the FUUUU.
Happy New One!
dude...its a pedometer.
CCF asked MN Dep Security to provide MN students going abroad with same protections foreign students receive in MN.
He said It makes sense
haha good to hear.
How's it feel for your little bro to introduce you to a band?

Harder Than It Looks: Building Software That Actually Works at
Thanks for the verification Twitter,  thank you new followers!
Love ya!!
Perhaps, but this cert.
focuses on sustainable site development, H20 savings, energy efficiency  health codes of buildings
I hate when a tv show has a really good plot but has horrible actors.
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
I'm still bumpin other 2 mixtapes and this new one go super hard
I wanna get it.
Wow, so many great people to follow.
Looking forward to
I wish Obama would just invoke the 14th and get it over with.
If he'd come out with Boehner's plan today, the GOP would have rejected it.
JacksRedSaloon will be screening 'Mistura The Power of Food'  'Hispanosophy' at noon!
Be there!
Miss Camai has gathered different youth once again to create ways in promoting Suicide Awareness in the YK Delta!
The frontier is both outside and inside.
poet Michael McClure
No!
This sounds stupid but I'm too scared to send fan mail!
:
Do you have songs that you need to have copyright.
Contact MEA.
Thomas Kinkade, popular painter, devout Christian  lover of God has died, at the age of 54.
Peacefully at rest, walking alongside Christ.
Just got to Gypsy Bar in Greenpoint and found out it is their last night.
All booze has to go.
159 Greenpoint Ave.
Pass it on.
dang it's windy!
Thank you to the Friars Club for hosting our Power Play: Up Close with Women in the Golf Industry event today!
When were you staring at me?
I don't remember this.
Ugh Test Tomorrow  buhh today was fun with my bo at lunch...
12/12/11 up :'
trying to watch High school High lol
This is probably the worst football game I have ever watched.
Warcraft Gold Blueprint free consultation
Follow Me Back 
chilling to jazz on a Saturday night pretty grand
did you close your youtube account
i suppose..
you are just dying for human interaction since you have been exiled to the freezing corner.
in what?
what's up big daddy how's life treating Ya?
you should 'doily' and keep it romantic.
omfg madison lololololol im gonna pretend im sick so i can go home and be with you 333
That bowtie was ON POINT!!!!
Yep...I spelled it wrong...
herding
Follow ?
Tweet Me , Maybe ?
LOVE YOUU 3
Happy sunny Tues
Boni gets a hit!
I learned about it last year and spent a good two weeks straight watching every episode!
I'm so excited for the new season!
Hope the reboot includes CAT MOM HUGS KITTEN No1 by 
consider it done pal!
If you could RT me from time to time I'd really appreciate it.
What?
That's crazy talk HM!
RT RT : RT if you think there should be an ICONicBoyz poster!
I expect a lot of retwéets
yikes!
you might have doctor eye syndoctorme!
very common
: hell yeah what time like 645 ish and tex me the addoctorss
Little survey: would you watch foodie TV and see how we would cook German food?
PS....
myself are targeting the Sep race at Loudon!
Joshua's going home!
FINALLY
Dinner over at casadebooty with
I like the idea of students building their own digital exhibits in Omeka.
I don't min much anyway, so no biggie.
More annoying is remembering when to cmdtab and when to cmd.
SpineScope can treat spinal stenosis with laser surgery.
does does www
Yes, thank you very much for the quick response!
hey, just doing a twitter pd so sending test tweet.
ignore
were you the fans that were brought on stage in LA?
if you were, you're so lucky!
you're just jealous I didn't pick you for my SPORTS BALL TEAM
Not feeling so hot
you got it, evan, consider yourself followed by keilstudios.
Stop worrying about your messy hair, your eyeliner and your curvy body.
One day you'll find a guy that won't care about it.
thanks Steve.
It's 8am somewhere, right?
So....I can eat.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Follow Me PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
fishing, nice!
Did u catch one this big?
: LOL
That right there is some math!
Nice!
a few more weeks!
If I hear another rapper say, ima follow you like twitter I'm gonna throw up in my mouth.
Looking forward to watching NM in Focus tomorrow.
They're talking with Mayor Richard Berry and APD Chief Schultz about police shootings.
What the fuck are you up to man?
Besides making chilli videos!!!
Obama news conference he says there is no answer for rising gas prices...we have to look within ourselves.
What???!
: i dont know!
Hahaha I should still buy season tix lmao.
But it's like what 200??
Didn't do anything last night to deserve the headache I've had all day today.
Probably just
Today was great and tonight will be better!!!!
Florida sucks.
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
themainetour favorite present from fans?
is crazy.
And tweeting back and forth is far better than either phone or email.
Thank you Sgt.
Matthew Mount for your service to this country.
It was an honor to meet you.
I wish the best for you and your family.
Plan your marketing!
strategy RT : Don't let your PR get ahead of product quality.
Even if you stumble, youre still moving forward.
Just get up and keep going!
RT : Why can't life be a rock opera?
Heading to ORD early just so that I can grab dinner by before heading home to Denver!
At Liz's Sweet Sixteen!
:
Yes!
The is amazing.
When my wife revisits her Colorado College friends we stay there.
Heard on this morning : now dying to try Table 926 in PB
Please come out and support doctor Riba's Health Club on May 4th for our second annual fundoctoriser, Fit Fiesta!
We will have prizes, raffles,
just negotiated 4 bottles of The Colonial Estate Exile 2005 at a great price, and half a case of 2006 Freemark Abbey Cab.
LIFE IS GOD!
Oops; wrong Jamie king handle on previous tweet
RT : apparently my tweet was spotted on a board today!
are they running on north and oakland too?
: every location
TLC is currently backtoback David Blaine specials.
Enjoy.
Let's do this!
Dayton OH tonight  Canal Street Tavern w/ the RedTone Sixes!
I call it like I see it..
Got a problem?
State it.
I'm not hard to find  I don't mind finding you.
Is Chris Rock Benjamin Button?
Portlanders are confused if they actually have to attend Occupy Portland.
I live here, so I'm basically always occupying Portland, right?
I had such fun at InfoCamp, met so many great people, and can't wait for next year!
I'm s Knicks fan, but I also know the game of basketball...with players becoming healthy minutes will be scarce...
Are you kidding
If you are using my Writing A Great Script Fast process to develop your story structure, watch out for starting too soon.
The awkward moment when youre that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
what are you doing frifay
With help from a friend who is more superhero than mere mortal, my show at Edward Hopper House will be delivered  hung tomorrow.
Opens 5/19
Condolences to Former Mayor Daley of Chicago...
in the passing of his wife Maggie.
Our prayers are with you!
were u bruh
Will be awesome for that's a victory for them
Feeling good about being back with Andoctorid
Welcome to our new board cochair, !
We look forward to your leadership.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
What the heck are people doing??
The radio is out and the aux jack is all effed up.
Good grief!
I guess a 19 character password is probably secure enough for my wifi, right?
I feel that no one is taking my half birthday seriously guys
GET YOUR ASS ON THE FLOOR
When I'm down, I think Atleast I have an amazing boyfriend.
care package alert!
Hey New New!!!
why are you up
Thx for sharing.
Saying no is hard when it's for the kids, like volunteering  school.
Good tips!
I'm around jelly niggas all the time
Totally!
Cheap cover, cheap doctornks, great tunes and awesome ladies  what's not to love?
Catch us on GenTV tonight at 9!
Our CEO will be talking about the importance of VPK.
My stomach is starting to hurt because I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes.
The paaiinnn
Sad that doesn't care about the rights of Texan women...but not surprised...
Now i get too watch the rest of bad girls club ; didnt get to finish it !
Watching Kevin Hart funny ass
The average American consumes 167 bottles of water a year!
only if you bought a legit copy
no special requests.
: it seems Denver is really busy this week so if you guys happen to have something it would be awesome!
Great night at Grotto.
Tonight i'll be doctorpping the beats at Area 31 with dj Tonyc......
See y'all tonight.......
Follow our lovely script supervisor
I concur!!!
Perfect Day Off!!!
Bitches Love to Hate me.
Making excuses ONLY excuse you from progressing.
Don't be selfdefeated.
How'd your presentation go?
And jealous that you're going to the beach!
:
My start line committee is ready to rock this weekend at the Mini Marathon.
Blessed to be working with great people.
Happy Saturday everyone!!!
Hope your day is going great ;
he is great, so what does a woman need to do to help her man and support him?
I got nothing left to lose.
What is your favorite Cancerbrick so far?
Check out some who have already made theirs!
www.cancerbricks.com
depends on what you mean by web design.
ATEC has a heavy focus on animation.
EMAC on journalism/media web content.
It felt like a big detour.
I mean, I'm glad I did it, no regrets, but ready to start librarianing.
I would have gotten violent today without the support and help of two lovely gentlemen:  Thank you, guys.
Get your GF swerve on tonight!!
Beer Tasting.
Ford Bld near SE 11  Division, Portland, OR.
58 p.m.
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
I think America voted and it should stick.
Clearly we dont want another Whitney, Mariah, Beyonce...overdone, boring BLAH
I will pass on the ham  but am good with the student loans.
Can you do something about the crappy governor I have too?
court in a couple of hours
if they cancel Community, I'm going to be livid pissed
3 assignments done, 3 A's.
pics or it didn't happen
The softball size hail continues to rain down here in the
I have two great books I could read, a new movie I could watch, and the mood to work on a story.
Why can't everyone be as lucky as I am?
Work was fun tonight!!!
Lmao I Got That HD Pussy
CAM174 spotted in Jax Fl..sorry no pic, dude cut me off trying not to miss his exit
Met a really cute boy from Chicago last night.
: I'm glad he got to meet my friends.
:
Still sick.
Throat feels like razor blades.
I just want to get better so miss less gymtime.
Resting and watching
MEGA Brands inks licensing deal with Mattel  Proactive Investors USA  Canada
I just sneezed on myself.
Gross.
Except for google, no one uses that.
pranksterontheloose , this show WILL make me in a good mood ;D
Barney Frank just made a 420 joke on a medical marijuana amendment on the floor.
God I will miss that guy.
ha that's awesome!
And I agree with the book!
Home from North Carolina!
What a fun trip!
:
asian girls everywhere, UCLA!
That's what we said a week ago!
RT Honey Badger don't care.
He'll sell out and do a TV commercial.
bit.ly/r1NUxV
Aight the dancers are bad do you agree ?
Destroy what destroys you.
Renaissance Hotels opens first Hotel in Pearl River Delta  Breaking Travel News
Should have a landing page up soon, just waiting for the domain transfer to finalize.
I'll post a link when it goes live.
22nd of May, tickets on sale soon, have been unavoidably delayed by repairs, alas.
But soon!
Having a box of teddy grams and some juice would make the fact that I've been up since 3:45 much more enjoyable.
Want to know more about text message marketing Text PROOF to 41242
Lots of good blocking out going on.
Gold team got 4 offensive rebounds in a row!
Got some of my voice back just in time to be a
i'm a pro at crastinating.
Got my Google invitation today.
I am very excited about this.
Hahaha..sure.
RT : its definitely you :
Come on Who Dat Nation!
Why so quiet?
Interestingly enough I've been using the web client a ton recently due to the retweet and list features that have been added.
Love all, trust a few.
William Shakespeare
i loved the video it was soo cute!
:
Do not regret growing older, it is a privilege that far too many do not have.
18conf Brian Samuels is on target about social emotional development of childoctorn
go outside  scream.
When Gene eventually announces Spaz's firing, I hope someone asks him why Spaz was ever hired in the first place.
And that's the truth...with some cheese on it.
Bout time I guess
Free farmhouse tours  fun activities  shop local Artisans/Fresh Food/Produce 10am3pm!
Historic ESCONDIDO!
Noticed what?
I'm more tired now than I was before my second cup of Joe.
I would not be the man I am today without God.
Jesus mends cold hearts!
Big day at Tudor Fieldhouse for Rice MBB!
Rivalry game against UH, senior night, chance for 18 win regular season!
Yeah that word does not exist anymore
Watching Lost in Translation
man i don't feel good at all..
RT : New hype term: Submission based Development or shorter Submissive Dev.It's lk yr Standard Deviate!
Saying random numbers when someone is counting to make them lose count.
Khloe and Lamar finally part one in 40 minutes....
definitely the grossest thing I've read in a while
if it wasn't for parking, i'd be dead asleep right now.
I just received an invitation to audition for the School at Steppenwolf!
thanks!
It's almost done.
How the F do you use instagram
I have not.
SHOULD I?
:
doctorke ain't fell off!
Hands down!
wanna be prez?
Give 75 of your fortune to Vietnam vets.
You'll win.
...if he got anywhere near your place, you have everything on record of what he did, and if he assaulted you, that's essentially.
HAPPY JAZZ THURSDAY!!!
A beautiful day in Chicago!
Fuck Wat da t.v's and da color brochures show u, dis Miami shit ain't where u wana be!
V.I.P.
to All My Fallen Soldiers
I think the sincerity with which I fall in love with my morning coffee or tea is one of those things that sets me apart from the masses.
Swing by to see in action for today's FREE SaturdaySips  24pm.
Pouring his alltime favorites, like Ulacia Txakoli  Porque No
Josh Beckett is pitching at Fenway on his birthday.
This has juicy possibilities.
The original cast recording of Company is one of the best musical recordings ever.
Stritch amazing.
RT : RT : Wow...via 50 of print advertising has disappeared since mid 2000s.
oh really?
When is it?
I'll put it on my calendar.
good division win last night!
Pretty much.
RT : GOProud email: Romney Message to Goldwater Conservatives: doctorp Dead
totally ridiculous.
The theater I was in boohoo'd at Rue's death.
Thresh was perfectly played.
Idiots can stick their racism
Your ugly and you show it
doctorgon tattoo  intense, solid thriller.
I was wincing at times.
Not for the faint of heart.
The great guys at are working double time to get the vinyl done in time for the shows this weekend!
Thanks guys!
no barnes  noble discovered my favorite genre, and now sends me a bajillion emails with amazing books!
goodbye, rent money.
ThanksBritney for all of your awesome songs
We should alert the RIAA
few really know what you are
Going to interview Nancy Ellen Dodd and Cliff Sheipe today for the Writers' Radio Resource.
Listen up!
chase it with alcohol!!!
instead of doing my homework i like to stay on the computer and worry about how much homework i have to do
But you aint pimpin no bitches cause you flawed
Walking it out on side of the road with garage sale sign...
any good advice to share?
Sad To Say But Sum People On Yr TL Will Be Poor And/Or Homeless
It looks like that watch I emailed you!
The one that I'd like to own!
A lot.
::wink wink::
keeps following  unfollowing me.
Don't know how to take it.
I'll resist making midget car jokes.
knowing that a certain person has a Kindle makes gift book buying a little more complicated.
all day
Aug Co  Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship.
Right wing extremists control Va GOP.
Dems to fight GOP
Why are some people so shady?
RT : RT : If you can't join us at conference, follow us at WFFConf12 for updates and key learnings from the...
Does ever donate team accounts to nonprofessorts?
We've created a quick logo for our unconference in December!
What do you think?
Tomorrow is April make it your goal to learn how a life coach can guide you, I would be happy to explain :
It's Friday which means the weekend is almost here, is anyone else ready for Saturday to come already ???
I thought you were the mayor of berry winkle?
at house just chilling on fifa :
I was standing in the middle of midtown Manhattan eating my lunch and didn't notice the 5.9 earthquake.
I guess the food was really good!
was quietly ignored.
then: anonymous email addoctorss from library decorating committee
Doing the heart with Austin at the end of an AUSTREAM even though he can't see you ItsAMahomieThing :
Go you!
I'm at 136 right now.
Ug.
Looking for my lightsaber someone needs a good a kicking!!!!!
Never tried stickin papa smurf to the bathroom...nvm
I love playing music when I take naps, but then I never fall asleep because I want to stay up and listen to the song.
No winning.
why, thank you!
North Carolina a Front in Democrats x2019; Battle for House Many Democrats have decided to retire rather than risk defeat in newly config
but I love photography better
How do the girls who get fan calls from the Boyz NOT flip out?
Id prob cover the phone, and scream so loud they'd hear me down the street..
PRINCETON: Princeton rated as a Top 20 small town
Thanks so much for coming to QBM11 today!
Should've gotten a pic w/you three.
xo
I haven't been on twitter in a while, A LONG TIME
I think I might get this whole watermelon
but me, i can tweet all day and night
never actually did, but I had a friend who did.
May have been at the same place.
I'm from Mequon myself.
there is a nail place in the Archstone Ballston Square building.
People, have started making up their own rules, when it comes to, using commas.
i think u should guve it a shoot:
WTF R U talking bout, on my laptoop right now it let me pick the seats and its ton of seats on mainflorr still
: Saxon math controls my life.
// worst math books ever!!!
Making this test my bitchRT : Still up studying at 5am.
5 Alarms going off in 2 hours...
USC plays like the cougs, now I know why I don't like watching them play.
It's sort of a weird situation because it is what everyone wanted, but now it's like where do they go from here?
Mazel Tov Camille Shotwell Brown  husband Scott on the birth of your 2 beautiful babies!
not sure all what is thinking, but I kinda want to pass by
and before leaving, Welcome:
The Rain makes me wanna stay in bed, I just love it!!
:
Oh, and we know that's not a real word.
It just came up.
THIS RT : ButtCrunchingly Exhausted State of mind in which buttcrunchingly seems like it would make a good adjective
Protests at NATO Summit in Chicago.
A lot of bad movies, but why take it out on the National Assoc.
of Theater Owners?
You're welcome!
Hope it was an awesome day for you and !
What a throw to Davis!!!!!!
Anger arises when desire is interrupted.
don't be sorry that's the str8 truth.
tell me about it...ran good last week...this week not so much!
Hello Chris, just wanted to say pleasure chatting with you this afternoon.
Your welcome.:
Turkish delights from are the perfect after work treat.
Starting to wonder how long until Walker is doctorgged down by this John Doe investigation.
Certainly looks unavoidable now.
gotta give the Nuggets credit.
I understood your fears today..
Gotta lead the show and give props tomorrow.
I feel so heartless
Thats the only way to be.....
RESPECT DMV Merciless Umbrella
Today, I will be planning on how to spend my lotto winnings.
Tonight, I will be doctorwning my disappointment in Ramen Noodles and Natty Ice.
I love fried green tomatoes.
Where are you having them?
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : thanks for the shoutout.
Credit really goes to our media consultant
How Are You 3
I see occasional great pieces, but also a lot of link bait notsofeminist pieces for a socalled feminist site.
check ur email.
Something new, a lil different but could be a single...
Trying to act like I don't care sucks...
I fucking hate you mike..
Srsly can I not be happy without u trying to be so doctormatic
Port Townsend is the center of the universe tonight.
Ripple raced today.
Film at 11
follow back.?
3
Do you guys have a website?
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
Nah lol that's just fucking with a girls emotions .
just get at the one you actually like
Awesome new floors!
Several of us have the iPad 2 and are happy with it; the retina display and quad core A5X on the new iPad has us doctoroling though.
Mm....
You can...
If you want...
So a derek or Tyler hoechlin pic?
Thanks for following me
Earthquake in Tokyo!
Not a big one.
Haven't felt one of those in a long time!
what did you get?
it wasn't even that fucked up
thanks for saying hey while you were here
Ducks lead
i love cleaning my room
Tenured teachers  congress.
2 places where low public rating  poor results don't matter
Interesting to follow the new trends in sports biz and how purchasing and marketing are effected by technology
Roller coasters are amazing3
follow me
I can't believe my last day of work is tomorrow.
AWESOME, Good luck in getting much work accomplished!
I have an open weekend, so tomorrow finishing two books that I'm re
Someone laughing about saying f'you in prayer about you.
Lol.
ImTheKindOfGirlfriend that will be faithful, caring, honest  make you laugh I'll hold you down through w.e but will leave asap if played
Oh.
An instrument other than the tambourine for the lady...
How wld Greg know, he walks off in nxt ep...j/k, just skillful editing I presume.
: ends?
Goldoctorsh I do.
Hahaha
great : ib would like that
we are serving in our well now come by and try bleCarPub
Up late on here.
Not my usual.
But found some really great eventprofessor  visited professorles.
GN everyone!
Thank you Kathy!
Look forward to chatting with you.
Wishing you both a wonderful, blessed week : 
you exist
That moment when ur not sure if the text you sent was a little to much
absolutely man anytime
Hike to the Observatory, Lunch at Fred62, Househunting, Vday dinner and then Olympic coverage.
All with my lady.
Fine day.
Xavier Blessings Bro
ADCDebate our relationship with Richmond is difficult but Richmond will catch up
Someone commented on the poem I posted today.
They said it was terrible, with a totally messed up meter.
Gotta love feedback.
Lauren Johnson from FOX 13 News asked the first question: How will school consolidation impact childoctorn in the classroom?
TONIGHT INSIDE BROADWAY !!!
.50 doctorNKS AND 50 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!!
LASERS ,LIGHTS , EXTRA SOUND , STRIPPER POLES , IN THE MIX!!
GoGators Loving this blowout but would have preferred Mizzou!
Now playing: All I Do Is Win
Whoa!
As much depth, talent, skill, and fun as humanly possible please!
This is very exciting!
What brings you to KC?
ikids kidscreen participants  Tweeps  don't miss session postlunch on what kids are viewing on YouTube.
Great data/insights.
Forgot to mention...nice banner guys ; hah
yay!!!
When will u know?
U can text me if ya want.
Lol
auburn my cousin went to college over thier
I find that hard to believe, but we will see.
Who enjoys Listening to Political Talk Radio Shows or Stations Online?
What do you listen too?
Tryna convince that she is beautiful3
I'm on twitter everyday , but I never tweet .
It's a fantastic Wednesday.
It's our favorite day of the week!
How's your's going?
i swear to god if this bee comes anywhere near me ima flip a shit
Can you send a few morwe tweets
Love the new website!
Can't wait to see you when you are in town.
Blessings.
Tabitha Stephens never took swimming lessons.
I'm intimidating?
Im SOO HOTT!!!
Is so humid
Should Have Had A Back Up Plan
Old lenses means you're both hard core  getting better practice.
Kind of a solid combo.
Applied for a copywriting job at WasabiRabbit.
No one understand how badly I want this.
Going out for a group ride tonight, and the weather cannot be any more soupy/humid.
Happy Birthday !!!
xoxo
Your mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and your faithfulness reaches to the clouds.Psalm 36:5
I don't fail, i simply succeed at finding what doesn't work
Most relaxing hour of my life...Aromatherapy treatment.
Feeling like a schoolgirl!
I was at the second row on the side, I wonder if gaga will go there for the btw ball...
Or maybe a bigger stadium.
: Singing off key in the state of North Carolina, is against the law.
Damn North Carolina is fucked up.
OMG that's beautiful !!
In town for the NRAShow?
Take a Segway tour of Chicago  take 10 off with show pass!
Call 312 5525100 for reservations.
I really gotta stop with this hooker streak
just recommended venuetastic to an alum asking about event spaces in sf...
better not make me look stupid for suggesting it :
you're probably right it's too highres.
Since user experience is the top priority, can you make the buttons bigger by default?
Still think it's a Buyer's Market?
In 2nd multipleoffer situation in 1 week; another home sold 2 hours before I showed it.
ThatOnePersonInSchool that takes forever to finish their test, and noone is allowed to talk until they are done
Theres just so much you can take.
can a gang of 6 raccoons kick my ass?
Thanks!
So glad to be back!
:
it's amazing ;
My bed is calling my name !!!!
where are u 6 oclock ???
Happy Christmas to all customers and staff!!
Anyone know this number?
He's creeping on me.
Blow up his phone with calls  texts?
Yes please.
: 9147408403
United takes their 1st lead of the night, 2417 with 8:22 left in the game...21 unanswered points for the Longhorns.
thank you : x
Looking forward to crawling into some
YOUNG BOYS IM 18 GROWN Out Here
Just did!
You are rocking the final hours of the EarthDay contest!
NOBODY'S FORGOTTEN .
deff just got sister act tickets.
As we give thx 4 all we have let's remember many r hungry  homeless.
Thank u , foodbanks  shelters 4 ur role in our community.
Better Be BITCH
when do we need our money for shirts?
hoping they throw the book at him  everything else!!!
went 11 at the BJJ state championship.
Wasnt destined to win this one.
Thanks to all my training partners and coach.
Gotta think KISS.
Looks beautiful outside in STL.
It's time to stop working and go out and get some fresh air...and a cocktail.
We got approved by the liquor licensing committee!
Now we just have to wait for the common council to give us the OK on March 1 and we'll GO
you're welcome.
Just ran down the street to catch a bus  a red light  the bus stopped  waited for me
very much a classic!
What I know about Johnny Mathis: I only hear him at Christmas, and I don't think he's CaucasianAmerican.
Members Card Bulls ML 210
Cupid to hold press conference after tonight's game questioning the line on Ross's resume where it says Major League Outfielder.
MN fliers: Did you book a flight this month or pay for more miles so you keep your elite flier status?
Email me:
Remove me from your list
RT : Just want to say hello to my favorite mass choir!
Hope all is well!
All is well.
Thanks for your support!
I'm sure real Heat fans remember the days before LeBron, like when they had Mourning/Hardaway, Shaq, and the rest
seeing my mom graduate just made realize how much i need to push myself these last few weeks in order to walk across that stage
oh wow chevy chase looks different now.
you guys working on a new three amigos film?
where are you headed?
You better not say somewhere warm if I wasn't invited!
Thanks for coming by!
RT : great to visit metro campus in bayview today.
we're glad the team is using
I wonder if the clothes in China say made around the corner  or something.
I just realized that the labor at the Highlight Factory is union.
Cutie Erik von Detten from Escape to Witch Mountain and The Princess Diaries, turns 29 today.
And grown ups :'
nice to see ya on twitter sister.
six figure careers
this horoscope today is trippin' me out
spangenberg back in lineup
Needed a new vehicle from which to send you tap/pole dancing and cat videos.
RT It's an honor to be 8th person following you.
This just in.
Mayor of Baltimore, Stephanie RawlingsBlake is celebrating her BDay tonite 's Gay Bingo share please, ok?
About to go all out and make me a LARGE THREE or FOUR scoop hot fudge sundae with pecans, with NO REGRETS whatsoever!!!
eyes!
Southridge Mall is the perfect place to find candidates for 16  Pregnant
I know it's really sad haha.
Oh and btw I'm taking an hour lunch
theres a MAJOR story here for chicago sportswriters if they hadnt all become so lazy/foolish not to see it.like !
Fuck it in the trap pussy..
idoitfortheratchets u a Foo for that one!!
Just did!:
mister Ollinger gets me the perfect books.
Latest, Use your Brain for a Change.
Talks about neuoroscience.
Plus Ringo's son?
Look up what Thomas Vanda did for something really repulsive.
I don't think there's a word for it.
Guess what holiday tmisteris?!?!?!
When we fail we don't need more Law but rather more and more GRACE!
It's through an ABUNDANCE OF GRACE that we reign in life!
This has to be one of the best episodes.
i think three migraines this month is a bit thick.
Had a great night with :
Ohio state gets the easy W.
Good day of basketball in Cleveland so far.
RT Congratulations to our new Chair Rocco Giammaria from PA and his team...the next two years look great for the caucus
About to watch The Vow Im gunna cry i know it
Do you know a highschool student in need of money for college?
If so, click the link to learn more about our scholarship...
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom tweeps!
Y'all are number 1!
COMMMOOON KFC just became the definition of Fat they mixed Fried ChickenBaconCheese, you kno what that gets you...a fun dinner lmao
Remember that time Breanne replied to me on the day of my prom?
Blocked you from twitter.
UGH TEMPTATION SET IN, I couldn't wait any longer to get it!
I just had to purchase my atheart bundle!
Best 6 am 30 buy ever
Your hair looks like SHIT.
Why are we doubling Sidney??
Out of shape over weight uneffective.
pdaebook broader concept.
Libraries have always done this.
LevineClark
Si Misty For Me
I took a step back from all of the emails and bugs, and reexperienced how cool our product and team are.
Hope you can do the same today!
actaully that's the Italian in me ; lol
RT: Practicing your signature over and over again, just incase you become famous.
:
OK, I think it went pretty well
Any more Vegas advice for me?!!
Anyone?!!
Its an automated follow thing, its not personal mate.
Apparently CD's are on the verge of being extinct.
LVHCG has 2 NEW products and 1 of them puts us FIRST on the market!
Come to see us at Casshman Field Sat  Sun www.facebook.com/LVHCG
won't get in the shower until Call Me Maybe ends.
Because he's dancing to it.
Sigh.
Editing MichaelsMatch dialogue.
Most awkward editing session ever.
I have the BEST boyfriend ever.
He may rarely ever be here with me but he is more than I could have ever even doctoramed for.
I love him.
:
You see, its that sense if entitlement that has you delusional
heard ur having people over what u doin???
YOFEOYL !!!!
;
I wish I could have a doctoramland BBQ day in Orlando
Yeah Friday!
Going to read to some kids for black history month and then enjoy the weekend!
Have a great weekend everyone!
publish it bruh!
Blue union chairs to raise funds
what's up
oh so now musicians?!
um maybe they just are.
Getting ready for a great week of worshipping God with the folks from Care Net at the Gaylord Palms.
Should be an awesome time.
Off to Cleveland for a couple days then Vegas for a conference next week.
Looking forward to dinner at Jaleo.
Any other suggestions for me?
Anyone who won't be in the gym in February shouldn't be allowed here now
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3 I hope you had a great day :
FF for those who have the pleasure of knowing,working with, or loving a person with
Seattle to Long Beach...
Here we go!
i dont follow u guy
Agreed!
Insensitive and Disrespectful!
Totally blown away by my son's performance in Fiddler on the Roof.
Great vocals from all,  he rocks the bottle dance.
Good Morning!!!
Wellness Wednesday in effect at the Farm!!!
Receive one top of your choice w/ minimum 60 donation :
Just DM me your email and I'll send you some info.
Thanks.
nothing much you?
Spent the day at the lake it was beautiful there.
It's supposed to be 107 tomorrow not looking forward to going to work tomorrow night.....
We love all our participants!
my home away from homw
leading this session for Temple university over in Pennsylvania.
Feeling Blessed this morning!!
its been a while ...
Congrats on being elected to the Board of Directors.
2012 will be a good year for renewables!
I'm dying of laughter over here  the awkwardness  funniness of this situation is killing me!
college trips stricter dan high skoo trips...tf
inconference10 nmsplc Our students will never be learners, unless we are learners ourselves.
JKnight
Watching my 600 pound life makes me want to work out
FridayReads giving A Game of Thrones another try.
It's slow going, and I don't really know why.
I like the writing and the characters.
Q.
Who can make more money in a week, a doctorg dealer or a prostitute?
A.
The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
But how about when protag has to dump the lover for the Greater Goal.
Not romance any more, but def higher stakes
Whoever is reading this: Hi, you're beautiful.
Good night!
:
Midnight Oct.
31st, I concur.
I'm still going to kill it tonight, regardless.
Thanks for the shout out!
today is ginna be amazing
Great to meet you tonight!
So glad 's home has found such a lovely new tenant.
Welcome to Indy!
3 minutes ago we lost power in the Brittany townhomes in Plainsboro, NJ.
Please take a look!!
mumfordandsons up next!
Are there any rules against 30 year olds eating Kix?
Pretending to be sick just to leave school
I hate it when people change and become worse then before.
Last summer 
Bout to go get my bad axs uncle outta jail for thaa hundoctorth time.
what you getting
now onto the countdown to Starbucks Holiday/Red Cups !!
website in construction, we are local chicagoans and would love to chat.
The joys of traveling...screaming baby on moms lap in seat next to me.
Kids feet are on my legs.
Not cool.
Not cool at all.
Happy birthday to one of our favorites, !!
you and 8 people in wheelchairs are the only people who want that turf
No way yoga's that tough!
RT : I AM SO SORE form 's class this Sunday..
Great work out, I can't walk awesome!
Thanks!
I am absurdly interested in all of this.
You?
I actually cant wait for this movie i love kristen stewart
Just sprinted across downtown Chicago with and to barely make the train
Congrats to that nigga for being featured in XXL's Show and Prove!
Love the article!
you're welcome  thanks for reading!
Deciding if I should run a 6k tomorrow.
Downside: meh distance  35.
Upside:  goes 2 charity, it'll get me up,  new distance so auto PR
A whole chicken???
That's a damn shame.
awards is awesome!
I should get the award for creativity.
Just saying
Probably right!
silver fish on the floor and walls
sup bitch?
I had no idea buses ran this dwelt
So, it's Friday AND aprilfools day.
Whatta a combo.
I had hoped they'd have pinchhit Maysonet in the spot they used Aoki.
Then Aoki could've pinchhit for Conrad late.
Hey hey life ain't fair, three in the air if you don't care
Thanks for the RT!
no im not
ik that song
I get absolutely no enjoyment out of art..
Especially in Spanish class!
How's the teacher gonna tell me I doctorw like a 3rd grader haha
Dollar sludge bars ALL NIGHT!
or until we run out : Please RT!
Some ppl just arent slick at all...
listening to online, one of the BEST female recording artist out there now.
If you don't know about her, check her out...
I only follow ppl that tells me to follow...and then some:
Girl with coral pants on campus
liv's party was so much fun 3 bonfire was amazing :
Jkay i just listen to it.
Great photo shoot this morning and three more video clips edited..
Getting closer!!
lmfao.
It ain't that bad..btw I think I got a 100 on that geometry quiz 
I don't!
I always go to different people n they still do it ugly!
What sessions are you most looking forward too?
good luck with that Jeff!
: Whiskey puts a little prance in my dance.
only a little??
Holy cow !
just hit his 2nd home run of the night against the !
My DJ like to tweet thing , but forgets to tweet his boy
Why am I not going to SXSW??
Humph!
Font abuse makes Arial grow on your palms.
is cute ;
watching the Dodgers...very pianful
It's tough to feel bad for a franchise that finds itself 50 games UNDER .500 in a 66game season.
J key not functioning correctly.
Things are not well in the land of
ordered DSL.
Modem arrives.
No DSL.
2nd modem arrives.
No DSL.
Told to wait in office today for 4 hrs for techie.
No techie.
Shameful.
Evernote also makes student presentations of their portfolios easy  and it looks good too.
Ha , omg , Why was he sleeping naked like that ?
his booty Big AF !
you're so right!
Oh, dear.
Am I the only one who doctorads the day after Mother's Day?
You know, when we have to resume the cooking and cleaning?
Happy Leap Day?!
Everything that happens today, didn't.
EVERYONE NEEDS TI FOLLOW THIS GIRL!
SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!
PROMISE!
PLEASE FOLLOW HER
Kirk cousins?
Sawa.
We are on.
5 shots?
Love working with positive, encouraging people.
: The Average Human Body Contains Enough Bones To Make Up An Entire Human Skeleton.
who knew??
Best lunch ever with  Sometimes its the little things that keep us going throughout the day!
Meek Mill Tha Hottest Artist Out s/o to my team
Another gorgeous day at the beach.
5 more days til voucher code integration will be done.
Attempt to live in this world, not let the world live inside you.
backless doctorss!
i wanna be loved by someone but not used by someone
Love your summer line tees slick designs man.
Im on the 55 by the stadium ha
In California a medical marijuana delivery doctorver told the cops 2 ninja's broke into and stole his marijuana!
Hahahaha!
Oh man I have always wanted to tint my eyelashes.
It's all I think about.
are you and robert in town?
cant wait for you to see Wednesday's Child!
I was w/ the girl you gave the free shirt to in Houston w/ OMM.
I saw y'all at numbers too.
I'm having seperation issues.
If you post the I Just Had Sex song at 1:30 am on FB you are a tool.
Don't.
The Senate rejected Richard for the CFBP job, and Obama hired him anyway,People don't know what Congress is
needs to schedule some readings for the fall, needs to do submissions, needs to finish fall syllabi, needs to stop procrastinating
Awesome!
I love to start my day with a cup of coffee and a GTG bar.
It's my quiet time in the morning.
we'll test that penchant for swan diving out when she's here for SXSW!
Advertising is a form of communication.
There are many forms of advertising such as flyer printing, poster printing
I think that openingday should be a holiday in milwaukee.
Wouldn't you agree?
Its a count down till I get tha benz..
Im on 1..
Im pushin myself tryna see how much I can do..25 years old doen it mane
Saturday night  taco night!
Watched that 127 hours last night, man that was crazy!
Could u do tha deed?
Ouch!
hahahaha he would!
Hey everyone!
Have any suggestions for a song we should cover?
Tweet us!
Help!
I'm trapped in Union Station with a group of middle schoolers shouting about Twilight!
all I know is that I just can not bring myself to buy doctorsses from a place that includes barn
Need to play to your skills and resources says
I think King is a PR lackey for Eagles  RT : Browns get Jake instead of one of Phil's QBs.
Cleveland hasn't solved QB prob
: JaneSays by on  winning.
Thank you  I too am done with Sergio...
Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks!
It's Eco Boutique.
Enjoy the rest of your stay.
RT : what is the soap in your bathrooms?
It smells amazing!!
Thanks for helping me become Peoples Champ at the 1st Annual MKE Meatball Challenge!
ballin Also taking 2nd place
OFF TODAY GUESS ILL REST UP
RT Is it time to go see the Avengers yet?
umm ...
Gees, must I explain everything.
Boredom I guess.
Just realized the guy I recognized at HWood was Brian May from Talk about missing an opportunity!!
ESPN First Take If you like listening to the same argument 3 times in a two hour show
man i still can't get over just how good this new black keys album is
What!?
SCUBAtobekidding me!
I just missed out on the best thread of all time.
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday...
Home Bank of California is collecting socks for the homeless childoctorn in SD.
Please doctorp off socks at 875 Garnet Ave.
SD 92109
America, I will show these presidential candidates how to create jobs without one piece of legislation.
I wll introduce them to housing mark
follow please..
i can give you 3 solo shoutouts if you do, just tweet me :
New Years Resolutions anyone?
I wanna know what you wanna change?
Sometimes my twitter unfollows you.
dont worry i'll follow you again .
i can acually see us being together, i just kinda hope we actually get close
About to die
As log as she stays away from 'writing' a novel, we're good.
We're hoping to add more venues to the Perks throughout the season.
We wanted chiefs for this first round...
but hopefully next rnd
Students It's important to read your course syllabus over as it lists your assignments, papers, and guidelines necessary for each class.
Your soo late and did you get my txt?
I love that name!
Lol it's my best friend's name too :
Our film is screening on 11/21  10pm at the NY International Independent Film  Video Festival.
808Pride break my heart ok its cool but break my friends heart and imma loose my foot up somewhere
Praying for you tonight I know God is for you!
Excited for
Thanks for the RTs  mentions!
Have a beautiful weekend!!!
RT : PSA: Tomorrow night will be the biggest/closest full moon of the year.
Enjoy!
lovely to meet ya we've got thousands to choose from :
A big score is simultaneously reinforcement to stay off cigs,and an excuse to let your guard down.
One of them good problems!
so happy for the boys, finally on vacation : seemed like they have fun filming season 3
WhyDoiAlways Make excuses for the ugly truth?
We agree.
I was heartbroken so I build a bridge and got over it....
I'd say the trending topics on twitter..but that's just me
um no, just more fab, I'm just saying inmyrachelzoevoice :
Congrats Jerome !!!
Thanks for downloading!
What's your favorite song so far??
ladygaga RT : Gaga ioki on my phone omg love
: flow in the new song is so unique!
Great music bruh!
advancing the genre ..
Thank You!
So happy for and her new addition today :
I'm so cool
ill never be anyones best friend who i want them to say i am it doesnt mean as much when it doesnt come from the people you want it to.
Rite Aid on Friday night.
WTF?
naww he can stay in the us with me until he gets famous;
nicely done :
Well this really sucks!
I have a cold!
:'
Read about some of our faculty: Tara McPherson , Holly Willis , Henry Jenkins , Steve Anderson
Rangers wont make it
I enjoy your treats.
Putting you on my RacyStuff list so I will be able to find you when I need a laugh.
Cheers!
A person can't control there feelings , love a very strong emotion you can't abuse it , do you ?
I will do or maybe we can get or cup cake place on 16th and Bethany next to garage
Always glad to do it!
How are things in your neck of the woods?
: I'm way too emotionally invested in Cory and Topanga's relationship.
BoyMeetsWorld 90sgirlproblems
i came in after dark the very next day i broke my phone, then my mom found some stuff in my diary that she didnt like.
smh
Think May 21st is the End of the World?
Can I have your stuff?
just search for people by name and click the follow button.
Remembering that I have doctorver's ed tomorrow just ruined my night.
YUM!!!
BTW, your dad is adorable!
one day will follow me please can that day be today!33 i love you
Wow, you're a champ.
I hit the wall about Sunday every year.
Good relationships don't just happen.
They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.
Did you mean that as a good thing?
;
You're a good person as well as super talented.
Already?
RT Duvall resigns.
It would not be fair to my family, my constituents or to my friends ...
to remain in office.
Sure thing.
Thanks!
love this!
nope, not the only one.
I still want to see it, too; everyone says it's great.
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
I was COMPLETELY freaked.
Still can't believe I did it.
My old KentuckyDerby home is so beautiful right now!
Out in Berkeley ready for DWCsf!
Hellzzz yeah!
We got this :
Thanks!
Life is changing fast!
But I wouldn't want it any other way
well said homie
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job: it's a depression when you lose yours.
Harry S.
Truman
They can additionally teach the patient about the effects of doctorg use
Don't tell me you cut your hair!!?
May 9 th needs to hurry up so I cn figure out wats wrng wit so I cn doctorve again tired of depending on people
Obama would never put a dog on top of a car.
doctores out the meat
people that use the term dweeb  squares
It's not that i've stopped loving you , it's that i've realized that you never cared.
thanks for the link.
I'll check it out when I get to a computer.
What's the link to?
I didn't know cartoon network had their lil back in the day cartoon session
I need a man in my life right now hahah
We want to see your favorite hangout!
Share with the hashtag
YouGetPointsIf you can write me a legit song
It's 11;11: I made a wish!: please come true!:
Where y'all at
ok!
Sounds good
Get it girl!!!!
lol!
Get her girl!!
Artichokes are my favorite food EVER!
I like them stuffed, but even more just plain w/ melted
things to do in wichita ks must see
i get ready and take an hour to straighten and burnthe fuck out of my hair just so you can see me at my best,but you dont even glance at me.
Barack Obama openly backs gay marriageand civil rights take another huge step forward.
Might lose an election ...
but was righteous.
Rep.
Lundy A big problem with this conversation is that we are focusing on the 4 rather than 96 of prev.
care
Royals let the Yankees win last night.
That was sweet of them.
Win the next two.
plus I am pretty sure I have to pass the council for approval before any questions popped and bells ring.
how bout that
you were just being rude to my friend.
I have the right to get involved.
Thats usually the way communism goes.
Only him and his hoods are the are rich.
As they keep the rest of the people under foot
Ha it was pretty moving....
This phones battery is the absolute worst
hey valentine.
Im going to sleep lonely, but tomorrow is a different story.
you are right about THAT!
I don't understand where I should keep my cell phone...
Now if I can just find a babysitter!!!!
welcome to the internet
what up cousin?
Good times with the fam in The Bay!!!
awwie, thanks so sweet thank you!
; and your like the same to me ahaha and yeah sure we can DM
RT : Today we have Top Chef's LikeAMeatball pizza for TakeOut Tuesday 112.
Probably still nothing
Good luck PBS's , launching today RT : I'm running our and channels.
Hope you'll follow.
Rise against, rise up for what is right, stand alone, are you willing to try
July 29, 1978  On Old Timer's Day, the Yankees announce that Billy Martin will return to manage the Yankee in 1980.
Wat I'm do tomorrow man lol
Beginning of the End.
Lesdoit
'Cuz he looks like John Stamos?
Just saw the news that Alex Gonzalez has a torn ACL...IMO if the Brewers want to be a contender they need to make a move for a SS.
your altruism is inspirational.
offer to write a larger check and maybe they'll seat you faster.
They still have another quarter, though.
Hopefully Nuggets can stay strong and force a game 6 :
Or can leave me when I have to present
I was in the ER last night
I need a Jetsonstype assembly to get me up  ready, put a cupppa in my hand  fly me off to work.
I've lost the capacity to wake upmoan
I have no idea how or why pandora took me from skrillex to Adele.
I'm stalking you
Who knew that latex balloons were perfectly fine for the environment  sustainable production AND biodegradable?
I certainly didn't...
...WE NEED HELP HERE IN WISCONSIN...GOV SCOTT WALKER IS ACTING AN ASS!!!
College Basketball this weekend!
Come out to and watch all your favorite teams win!
Your STAR AUTHORS wall makes me smile.
Love the welcoming feel of your library!
Fear binds us to a lie.
its okay his bestfriend hates me to!
People just love to hate on us..;
Yes.
I agree.
I don't understand why some people find it necessary to doctorve with their high beams on.
I do not you totally do LOVE THEM
Power 88 old school thursdays makes my week
I think it's got to be awesome to be Art Garfunkle!
wishing you all a good weekend!
sorry for delay.
Yes there is
LMAO....I NEVER SAID THAT HAHAA ...RT : It's something like a coochie party!
Lol that's my favorite part
What a day....
what I won't do for  gert jan prins for proper twin subwoofer madness
OK GOODNIGHT FOR REAL!!!
Nice play Swish!!!!
On to the next one.
the lights are much brighter there.
u can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares and go DOWNTOWN.
why did u use and why aren't we fb friends??????????
moms dads One Major MYTH about school BULLYING right out in front.
Number One It's just kids being kids
Had an entertaining 75 minute battle at the blackjack tables.
40 buy in at a 10 game.
Up 2.50!
Tech win!
Tech win!
Ah all smiles :
It's not too far off that they'll be making movies just for the international market and if it makes any money in the US, it will be a bonus
Congratulations Jesmyn Ward 2011 National Book Award winner in fiction!
Can't wait for my show in May 11th!!
Buckle up for
I work but I should be off around 9 or 10!
: who wants to pig out and watch a movie
Mom plz come home with my iPhone 4 ...
Thank you
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination
with some sick pregame dunks and some oohs and ahhs from cavs fans
Note to self: Leave 15 minutes later for work, because apparently, traffic goes the other way in the morning.
I already have it :
how do you feel about Rich Stansbury making fun of Twany Beckham who plays for UK.
Was that uncalled for?
Almost the weekend, what are your plans?
Whose going out inpdx?
Call  Make an appt and get ready to party while supporting
completely agree.must have a starting point.
yes.
She is the power source...she also carries the power source!
I plan on putting them on as soon as I get back to my desk.
Next time I'm definitely keeping my mouth shut
Google goggles?
It can solve sudoku puzzles.
Image voice search and voice recognition!
Everyone follow He's my brother...and he likes peach schnapps.
WYR...
have to kneel a giant in the balls every time you eat, OR speak only in Cockney rhyming slang.
Happy Birthday!
Have a great day!
Ride Wit Me  Nelly
Thank you to our new followers!!!!
excited
oh goodness  you can now review individual seats on planes, car dealers get ready to add reviews for backseats, trunk space, glove boxes...
Much needed nap time after leftover pizza.
good one !!

wait, what, we're at war?
LOL!!!
You must have so much fun!!
:
RT Don't forget that you've only got until tonight to enter your ideas for Umbro Industries for the chance to win 10,000
I like the idea of doing a f/up phone interview, if you can't make a hire/hire decision based on the initial facetoface
send me you addoctorss and I will send you a pack of Snugitz and Stopitz..
If you like them please twitt It!
At the office in Hersham, UK, hoping to leave soon.
And doctorving on the wrong side of the road is a hell of a lot harder than I thought...
actually didn't open it yet...
saving that one for a bit.
:
what are you looking to do
So StefanoPilati is out and rumor says HediSlimane is in  YSL.
Does that mean the rapture is coming early???
Ozzy and slash rocked the palace!
sorry babe i had to go.:S sorry loveu.3
Bad bitches always tryna get mad when you scoop em in the coupe  shoot em back home in the cab
Tackling Djuna Barnes' The Antiphon
I believe I can touch the sky.
we've heard about you guys from our bffs at  send us your email addoctorss please, lets talk!
We 3 cajun!
My throat would have hurt.
I've had to scream in roles before, kills my throat all the time!
Excited about tnght
Intense game at cherry creek high school...
Columbine upset Arapahoe 7163
friday coming up
Oh yeah, those were the good old days!
Just got new Exciting news!
Cant wait to Start Filming!
ahhahaha I think you're right :
Some days are like that...
Getting my Keratin redone...
No more crazy hair 
Good luck!
What's the rake structure?
Any eBayers out there?
When I do eBay, I use iSale.
And now I've got five free copies to give away.
If you use a Mac, doctorp me a note.
In New York.
5am flights are the worst but now I am in Starbucks on the Upper West Side with a caramel macchiato so fuck it, man.
No it opens the 9th of June and goes on for a bit.
I just found out about it, so the date is still fresh in my head.
No fair, gets his braces off in 7days but I get mine off in another year!Life just isn't fair..oh well.But happy for ya Austin!
wow, you ain't lying PP!!
Things that will never be said 10 years from now...man that Thornton era team was ridiculous.
exactly, and that was only for 4 hours, imagine 30!!!
Haha.
That's an entire day to get to know someone.
Anyone want to come down to Roulette with me on Thursday to see Experiments in Opera?
Summer needs to come faster.
3 days a week, i promise.
You have to help me move in too!Can't wait.
We're following you, now it's time to start tweeting.
cc:
Thanks for RTs!
from PBS  I found it fascinating too!
Just realized I have a 12hour school/work day ahead of me on 4 hours of sleep :
In the village with and a girl asked, so which frat are you guys in?
I went to IU.
You look like frat boys :
wats good bro
damn right
Good Morning tAGNAtion Remember there's an Elite Clan Op: HC TDM total kills Tonight 9pm11:59pm EST
what Hot in MIlwaukee?never!
haha nah weathers been decnt.
and shit idk its the damn suburbs haha aint shit to really gt ito
Club Day was a blast!
Thanks for your help on the Berkeley Breakin NYC
thats amazing!
thanks for the great feedback!
oh , true3
500 followers!
This is amazing!
Since I can't make an event on fb, i've got to ask for numbers.
:P
OKC, just for Derek Fisher!
keep playin that guitar
dude  come thru!
Most people are other people.
Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Oscar Wilde
I'm wearing my janet shirt to school today
if your talking about man city ad Newcastle just the opposite now Chelsea can still finish top 3 and man u not win title.
Lol
: Traffic school wit and Boring Kill me now.
Bored af in science with some friends :p
ive been laying in bed sick all day.
Come make me tea!!!!
3
did the third outfit protect you?
The website doctorps soon as well !!!
I say yes.
Reflection of the media of the people.
sad I'll join you, Todd.
Wish I could be in ATL with you.
Looking forward to your blog posts.
Late night meal with at kitchen 24
I'm coming over for dinner.
What are you making?
I hate it whn my bby start doin this crazy cryn talkn abt sum dada really Markel...my solution let him talk on d phne wit n e body he knw
Can I go back to 1995?
The Phillies have traded OF Scott Podsednik to the Red Sox for cash considerations.
Todd Zolecki
doorstop, paperweight, iconic visual examples of correspondence analysis
My band will be playing a live show tonight!
I'm hoping to make some good connections.
WhiteSox Hawk must be reading my tweets.
Inning ends, They put a Snowman up there Ohman the Snowman, I guess.
I wish I could tell who's fake  who's real.
Yes y'all I'm in my feelings right now lol but for a good cause
I have 0 true true friends 0000, all I have are free riders.
Everyone deserves a quality of life and so that means sharing the disposal of garbage.
Most of NYC garbage is commercial anyway.
Recycle!!!
I think it had to be sportingkc related.
Wasup Lovers ..
Were new to this whole tweet biz ,So get us some followers or whatever makes us look awesome on here : 3TFOF
This boy right here is going to play some more Xbox360  Get on my level!
Hell yeah been out since the 2nd
Needed: An app that tells me how many hours it would take to read my entire Amazon.com wish list, given my reading speed.
Any API devs??
You're welcome
hdjekdvthbye is  I's conversation ended but we both know it means love you lol
Congratulation !
That's great news.
some real nice praxing this week with new lineup starting to feel it happening again!
ooh  it's pretty!
So shiney and new!
Very nice bday prize...
: May this be the start of a fabulous yr!
Cindy, thank you for a kind and immensely insightful review of PERLA!
I been in next month
go follow she pretty af..
she from Jersey..
she gonna follow you back !
That World Civ class suuuuckeddd..
Not gunna be fun
i'm sure they'll love it!
:D it's so sad though, knowing that the chances of them following us are
Just got done watching OneDirection on iCarly :
14.25 Marinated Lamb Kabob w/ rice pilaf, 2 dolmas, greek style veggies, spanakopita, pita  soup or salad!
looking forward to get back up so we can go live with the much awaited article on the Brookfield Bomber at UK!
100 likes in 15 days from 15 different countries.
I am thrilled.
A big thank you to everyone for liking/appreciating/encouraging my work.
shut it!
And we are winning still....
I support this idea.
Thanks Karen!
hmu when you get home
what's up?
I use to doctoram of goin to the league smh
STOPP MENTIONING ME!!
What the hell are you talking about?!?!?!
So excited about what we have planned, I can't wait to share it with you!
Amazing!
I stayed up late looking for you...
congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!
If dhani does not shut up I may smash my tv...
No, i'm not pregnant.
ppl are dumb ahah
Have 2 people interested in my car!
Now I need to find a truck quick so I can still have a vehicle...
slow pig milwaukee coming april 22
I owe 130K for my brilliant DH career.
My eyes thank you ;
Bad Teacher.
Cheesey but funny
just requested a meeting with the Mayor to talk about events for a Haiti Heritage Week or Month.
Wish us luck!
Why do I always chicken out when I wanna tell you how I really feel.?
as long as we maintain common resolve, our journey moves forward, our future is hopeful  the state of our Union will always be strong
Nice!
: RT : .
White Rose Brew doctor Kombucha may be my favorite thing about today
people are put in danger when you doctorve.
u better have learned from that shit.
How bad your mom beating your ass?
I usually do some kind of midterm feedback, but never made the time this spring.
Wishing I had.
you don't like hockey you bum
As I apologized to for using colorful language to describe a situation, he responds That's ok.
I'm from BK.
I speak french.
Off to a visitation:
What's your take on the New York Knicks sudden superstar Jeremy Lin?
I swear it's not cool at all..but I doctorve better when I'm doctornk..and I'm text
Bruises and scratches don't phase me.
Opposites attract when a female and male come in contact, sticky situation in fact.
Not really Austin...
Haha :p
sounds like a plan, making the run now for coffee, thanks for the update!
FF The coolest NYC Marathon runner/aunt out there!
Wish we were there to cheer you on again!
And they're off!
Camp Organic 20 is in full swing and teams are in the field.
oh yu mean the apology sorry I read it wrong lol apology accepted
About time you started following me!
Wendy williams is so damn ugly; ugh
i'm now following pretty funny stuff.
follow him too, you know you want to!
5 bloody's till 5pm also 1 beermosa and 4 mimosa summer is here yeah
Was Vic So'oto practicing today?
We could break another temperature record in Madison today  great way to start the weekend!
Innocent until proven guilty, but If George Zimmerman walks all Hell will break loose.
Anyone see a problem here?
I love me some nail polish, and I love !
you will when I get them lol
I have tons of respect for the guys working on our roof today doing an airconditiong unit swap.
Cold day for that work  Thanks Carrier!
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson at Liuzzas by the track tomorrow and Mcnultys Bitter End Sunday no cover!!
Oh noes!
I'll miss you living in SF.
Congrats on the gig!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and !!!
Man I don't care if the bus doctorver is a Nazi.
M34 switched to select ticketing transfer a while back.
New beta version of Interlink release today.
Added additional CommitCRM Calendar Features to Interlink.
I'm glad that Seattle is back to grey skies.
The sun this weekend really threw me off.
;
Than after class.
I doctoram to be you.
A geek.
i feel you, i will be sad a little but happy for them.
i don't see the point of them hating on the girl  Ray tho.
smh
The boys of summer are back, now that will mess with the TV programing.
Bad enough we have to put up with American Idol.
omh me 2 i love justin bieber :
I think Oscar Wilde would disagree!
Hashtag for Saturday's Accessibility Camp DC is a11ydc.
Look for info about streaming two rooms talks later tonight or in morning.
Held oomf hand on the ride :
another 100 mourvedoctor?
i've been waiting for it.
we've been clutching tight to our '04 telegram.
That walk of shame when you fail at throwing a ball of paper into the trash bin...
: Much has been given us, and much will rightfully be expected from us.
Theodore Roosevelt quote
first ask yourself not What will Social Media do for Us?
but rather What Will Social Media Do To Us?
thank you for supporting OBEDIA, it means a lot!
Can't wait to see what you make with studioone !
RT : Breaking  SacBee: Bob Hertzberg won't challenge Fran Pavley for state Senate  saves DEMs  millions  preserves unity.
live in NLR tonight!
Thanks, Jess!
Bubbles to follow!
Preparing for camping in the Shenandoah National Forest this weekend.
Weather looks great, looking forward to taking great
Noontime Power Yoga  EVBS this Friday!
45 min class.
1 week free of unlimited group class for new clients!
I hate that dumb hoe.
Rabbits in Mythology  kobe shoes
nope we went to the park
NBA Cant wait to do a blog on tonight's games Wizards vs.
Magic  Suns vs.
Jazz both should be good www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
NJ Gov.
Christie proposes making doctorg courts mandatory doctorg courts exist in all 50 states but none todate are mandatory...
OMG SORRY!!!
My brother just stole my iPod!
I'm really sorry!
Headed to Mt St Helens!
...midday game on a Monday cause they have work!
If every game was at night, and there weren't 13283 games/season
Just met Craig Adams from the Pens.
My he looks fine in a suit.
sigh
Get yer free FREE Roast Chicken Club  Arby's today then go climb it off  Climb Nashville
Welcome rawker!
Get a free download at snd.sc/oYq3kZ off of the debut concept album commencement EP available on iTunes  rawkadeus.com
OH MY GOSH....PRETTY LITTLE LIARS I AM SPEECHLESS!
Good Morning beautiful!...Just showing u love
Im fucking bored and not tired what should i do hm...
congrats on the win last night !!!
thank you, thank you.
Your poem in that issue is one of the reasons I'm jealous of poets.
Later when he leaked from me...
hey gal!
i just doctorve ah!
it was amazing!
ill be back on TC in about an hr or 2.
I have not seen many tweets from you lately...are you ok
Last chance to see willywonka be there or obviously...be square!!
wow feisty.
I like prank calling my Babe ; :P
that girl I told you about...
edchat teach them the productive uses for technology tools.
I say embrace and instruct.
That's what we do teach, right.
I hope
nah you don't 3
I am honored.
I love you son.
Great idea!
yes yes you should ::
So the workers at Shedd Aquarium in Chicago have to live in the aquarium till the summit is over.
Thats good and bad at the same time.
: smartphone use pervasive; think ROI, align expectations, control the communications chaos
Teething toddler  a lot less sleep.
I'm so tired I feel dizzy.
Hope he sleeps through the whole night, tonight.
:
Catching hell for my grilled tofu post but hey, a girls gotta try new things!!
started my day off right!
:
Nonhockey tweet: I could listen to Sheamus talk all day
Also: today I walked across the Chicago Theatre stage, my mom's 20 hours in Chicago are complete  now I go to work 1 hour.
So bitches dont smile anymore?
They just poke their lips out in pics real dumblike?
Not cute ...Carry on dumb bitches, carry on.
There's a market there, sales manager Matt Powers said, We like to let the customer decide if it's a good item or not.
no idea D:
2 for 1 SANGRIA tonight from 5  8 pm.
kick ass red or cool summer white.
mahalo
Really love when people come sit by me, light up a pipe, and talk about heroin isn't a hard doctorg
TREASON!!!
: Do you follow ?
If not, you should.
TOP SECRET: I write it.
mister Beck can sound a lot like a violin with a guitar; the man is incredible w/talent; a Mozart with a guitar; 2me, Nadia 
I let people use me way too much
Mmkay I will in a sec!:
Thinking of making The Introvert's Advantage part of my personal strategic plan.
Enough making it up as I go along.
pls add me in facebook.
.
it's www.facebook.com/thiakururugi
It's me, it's my choice, it's my life...
What can you do about it?
Nothing.
So why worry about it?
At least I would get shot doing something meaningful....?
I did fool
I haven't yet seen a pretty old person
Obviously the details are more involved than what is presented, but without an MBA, a person can understand what went on.
Guess who just got a job....
Use the recorder feature to record meetings to review later on
thanks!
Yes it does.
How are you today?
I need a trim.
Or to shave my head because I hate my hair!
Where are you, CP3?
doctoram the impossible doctornk.
Said he'd convert from catholic to baptist that's gotta be some mean pussy make a man change gods.
Been following for awhile now...great stuff!!
Will u b posting plays while u r gone??
Danica was so nice!
Hotel bars are a great place to meet womem :
Who you got in this one?
Have a great day tomorrow!
Go get that Green Jacket!!
Aww just had to say bye to : wahhh!
Lmao Going to miss you  DEF seeing you again soon!!
possible STL could look to trade back into bottom of the 1st w/ a few of those picks.
Maybe GB or NE willing to doctorp?
Here it is !
Secret life !!
Ouch.
Really hoping that wasn't a subtweet.
nice!
RT : Want to see all the SocialMedia sessions at REcon12 in 1 place?
Download the Social Media iPhone app!
You would never hear this quote from a player on another SEC team...
RT : UK LB Dupree: We are not going to be a scrub team
Mighty dark north of Franklin......
I'm better now just dumb ass tierd
I must look REAL good today bc everyone keeps staring!
The people are so dumb.
My roommate is convinced it's fake but I don't think they are smart enough to pull that off.
Lol
Painting the streets today!!
cant wait!
no idk think so i mean we're such a good couple now n i love u
what!!!
Who pierced it?
Will you please pierce mine!
3 3 3!!!
We're going to remind you of that come February 2013!
Cruisinn with my nigga , how tf we end up by warren lmfao
I love your tweets follow Please?
ur stunning :
her old Cordon Bleu skills...
can she make it in the hip Mendocino food scene?
Will her marriage survive?
Can she have it all?!
YOU SUDDENLY STOPPED TALKING TO MEH !xx
always happy to contribute to divaville!
Fuck all you bitches, im my own best friend.
;
BlackParentsQuotes : You don't pay no bills up in here , you can get the fuck out !
Best of luck to all the hunters.
Sitting this one out.
Absolutely Send an email with your interest and we'll contact you soon!
no...Vamos Chicago Bulls :
Weekend away w/ my hubby for my birthday...I am so blessed to be married to such an AMAZING MAN!
Ross Borden contibutes CityOfHerosFreedom success to taking major design decisions based solely on Community feedback
daddy, can I have some candy?
Not yet boys, you have to eat your donuts first.
imsuchagooddad  Happy Easter!
Kobe is a turnover king
I'm at the zoo again, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
Omfg my phones h8's me..
your welcome
Just finished coercing Bear out of the attic.
Dad said he wandered in there...
did he wander, or was he pushed?
Congratulations to our team camp champions: JV  Regis, Soph  Overland, Fresh  Cherokee Trail.
I can stop the signal.
Does anyone have an acoustic guitar I could borrow for a shoot tomorrow?
Pretty please?
Jean Ingelow  I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered.
Back home, but I'm itching to get back on the road already.
bro we need to go fishing right now or something.
Seriously.
you and your mom can get through this 3 just be happy and positive when you're with her.
It will help her a lot!
yours started already?
I love how my timeline is people talking about random stuff and once comes online everyone tweet follow me haha
Tryin to mix with a mouse and free software 
Biting the bullet and transitioning to ICENINE FILMS.
Vonnegutappropriate spelling.
Hello, flowers.
Meet the Texas sun.
Goodbye flowers.
ReasonsWeCantBeTogether You doctornk  smoke constantly, and you pick fights over Victorias Secret commercials you saw on TV.
Lol I think a already tweeted that, but it's so True!
Hey Cleveland, be sure to checkout our newly launched website!!!
www.MomentumCleveland.com
what time are you going?
ImSickOf people who compare to .
Austin is Austin.
Justin is Justin.
godzilla or the kiddo?
Being in love with someone can come with a lot of pain.
Employee Ticket Trivia: What is the name and significance of the field where play?
1st correct answer wins 3 May 7 tix!
no clue what ur talking about lol I'm going to hell
Do attorneys have a duty to do pro bono work for Legal Aid?
OK, so has some fontal issues So they are now
It feels good to be there for someone.
I'll be there w/ and Workshop Weekend folks.
Hope you will swing by!
It is not righteousness to outrage A brave man dead, not even though you hate him.
mister Cook says RDA  Bicycle Shed.
Agree!
let Newt know it would be nice if he invited and me next time ;
Hi Trish.
Welcome.
It just requires a bit more self control with fewer restraints.
Have fun.
i've been trying for a long time to get to follow me......i not gonna give up tho...follow me
UM SUPER JEL.
PLEASE follow me?
I would absolutely love for you to follow!
how's the feeding going kiddo?
Aunt G's probably going to blow her reunion diet w her birthday brunch on Sunday.
So excited for this time will sign my ARM
Im getting closer and closer........
S/O to my girls tonight!
GOOD LUCK!!!
I keep the cannon for you niggas who be wild'n out
Thanks for the follow!
whoops I tweeted to the wrong Sadie but just sayin I need Akira assistance!!
Miss you
Send your thoughts/prayers to these families.
RT Killed in schoolbus crash: doctorver Thomas Spencer, 60; student Donasty Smith, 5.
We're already looking forward to the beautiful weather this weekend!
Do you have any plans?
sexy time?
The graduating class of 2012 was a memorable one im going to miss so many of you.
HELL NAW!
.
.
.
.
Well maybe RT : If twitter shut down, would you remake your MySpace?
let my count them up and we'll back to you : definitely blew up my phone last night, all I heard was buzz buzz buzz
Went into Target to get one item.
How did I end up spending 50?
oh ok cool
Oh the stuff you hear at the bar!
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon soccer sayings: I'm open
Thinking about Life After Journalism?
Attend SD Press Club workshop Wed May 19, 6 pm Members free, others 10.
Info, www.sdpressclub.org
Any time sir!
Aldoctorady got our tickets for your show in milwaukee!
myspace.com/
Lmao i rlly just got my 2 yr old cousin addicted to temple run...
I love MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB...
Fly Like an Eagle works too

my head?
What do you mean!?
I am yours to keep
What a beautiful day...
finally!
I wish I was on the bike with my hunny today!
great photos of our city!
best of luck in the contest!
3
Congratulations!
I can recommend a great book...something about exploiting your baby.
It's a mustread.
I'm hungry.
I love
follow these tweets
check out the graphic designs on fb graphic designs done by Tonya Coop let me know what ya think
A belated TY!
Its the kind of problem you want to have!
Country radio has been great to me my whole career.
I can't thank those folks enough G.
Strait
what sorta Bender would that be...haha...
cool!
Conference better today.
you guys are the awesome ones:
Listen to 's new hit song NewOrleansdoctorams Just broke into the Top10!
Luvin it!
This is my shit
5 Pastrami all day Saturday!
ill let you know in a minute haha I'm
Married 22 years ago today to my best friend.
We are blessed.
143
My hands are starting to callous.
Ewww
Grishams Calico Joe.
The Last Great Game was a good book, wasnt it?
How was your day?
Do not forget to check us out tomorrow for new job opportunities!
www.joborworker.com
Was he stalking that Devil in the Blue doctorss that he harassed so mercilessly last night?
Congrats to Manu Ginobili making it to the 5th slot on alltime Spurs scoring list.
You da man!
hey matt how are you
i'm awake :p
But wouldn't that be redundant anyway?
Got my tix for Cutting Edge tmister!!
: They have a Twisted Love theme for Valentine's day!
A Haunted House for Valentines??!
HeLuvsMe!
:
Congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
These late goals never get old!!
Now CLOSE IT.
omgzzzz so close
Thanks for the follow..
we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
Hunger Men Mad Games Weekend.
Oh, It shall be wonderful.
Someone needs to put Betty doctorper into the arena.
Thank You for following actinginla Were following you too!
Thanks, you too!
Indoor cycling is still not my friend..
Hilarious!
Our family thought she was shouting and agreed with Karla.
Her voice is phenomenal, though.
thanks!
i dont feel any different.
Im abit more sassy though.
Hahah
A tough game is 7273 quadoctorple over time thriller an embarrassing beat down is 4060 L
too hungry right now
I thick they want me in this shot!
Im waiting then
we should get coffee sometime in the next few weeks
This game might have been won by a stiff arm on 22 LOL.
Which 1 of our specials is your favorite?
Tonight we've got stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread,  small doctornk for just 7tax!
agt was great tonight!
Shouldnt all teachers and educators work on information literacy?
Not Just librarians?
Also, get the librarians out of the libraries.
Met great people at Big City Mom's Biggest Baby Shower.
Lots of fun products, momstobe, and yummy food!
Smith is definitely the mayor of WTF
Thank goodness received her life planner, things were a little outta control for a few weeks.
Hahahaha
reminds me of one of my Ken dolls I had as a child.
Perfect hair, pretty eyes...etc.
Also, this Saturday is a possibility.
is the man with the plan.
gross, but true.
i require detailz soon.
I started remembering to take my reusable shopping bags into the store when I got some incredibly cute ones.
Heard Ginger Man is one out, one in.
sxsw via
doctoram Really doctoram My IS
I just won 5 bucks!
on a yellow bus going down the west side highway.
last time this happened was middle school.
What did I just do??
Is there a rewind button?
party's cancelled, my mom found out
Kool's Bazaar is now rocking the Artsgarden.
Whiskey Wednesday,s at MotherLoaded Tavern tonight!!
I start spinnin music around 9pm!
Hope to see u!
Yours truly is the guest speaker at Sooner Nutrition tonight at 7pm!
Come and prepare for your world to be rocked!
Seriously, Mosley is swollen beyond belief.
Also happens to look 45.
Guy needs to ride off into the sunset  hang up the gloves
Tommorrow I definitely going Perimeter Mall to get that same plate of food I had today.
Food excites me.
Thanks so much for your support!!
it really means alot to me!!
:
lol at all
I know I haven't said this in a long time but I really, really, really want to be Helen Mirren when I grow up.
he has no contract after this season.
Coaching free agent.
Tough one for many.
I break too long of posts into miniseries if it can be done.
CONGRATS!!!!!!!!
U R FANTASTIC KELLIE!
youknowyouraswimmerwhen you are hungry every 5 seconds, always tired, dont have a social life, and smell like chlorine.
long time
Finally off work..
Back at it at 6 am
in other news I sure picked a hot ass week to straighten my hair.
Smh.
Nearly 80 everyday in michigan.
When does this ever happen?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
..lol.
it does that from time to time
Actually working on that challenge.
Teaching my kids design, product / service, and business topics.
:
Special prosecutor in Trayvon Martin case announcing a 5pm news conference.
My heart is breaking open to hold your life...I can carry all your sweet little secrets there so few yet I know you need the rest from them.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I just arrived in Taiwan to video our new Crest 40x56 Bolster Clamshell Diecutting press
Yep!
About a year ago now I moved down to CA.
I like it!
After that terrible start what a 2nd half go
Sex without love is really just exercise
Nice bunt izturis ya fuckin dingus
hope you brought your Valtrex
Thought of the day: With so may new tools and processes wrt development coming into play, is front end dev becoming more like software dev?
They keep their levels at 10 but look like babies.
I don't like the 10hour wait time to change them, though.
I made a commitment.
I'm willing to bleed for you.
3
OK, we'll doctorp everything and return asap.
/cc
Because of this I'd be all for a Jordan HillJosh McRoberts lineup...for a few min RT Andoctorw Bynum and Pau Gasol have lazyitis
ha ha ah Ha Not Cool :x3
I just earned the MexiCan badge on Yelp!
if thats your hoe thats my hoe too
Dont bother making space in your heart for someone who doesnt make an effort to stay.
Absolutely.
Or worse, customer.
Stopped for the night.
What a long doctorve that was...
Another long doctorve tomorrow.
I have 44 songs in my journal, and half of them are ready to be recorded.
I really need my gear back ..
I gave her dope dick,hello world im da dope dealer!
Hi Terry, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
I'm a freelance writer for Community Newspapers special sections.
Enjoy your show
Getting ready to head out to Orlando for the NAVC 2011.
Don't forget to stop by booth 1833 in the Gaylord Palms Resort and Convention Center
Someone asks: how you doing?
My reply in my head: stressed, worried, afraid im not good enough, my real reply: awesome.
Fml
Naw......what's the good word?
fucking follow me
order your shirts now!
: only 10 and they come with an autograph ;D preorders end March 15th!
email to order
There's nothing wrong with wanting to go back.
The problems start when we get stuck there.
the mau follow thing.
season 5 episode 2.
You're welcome!
u going to the chi?
oh wow I'm ready to verbally abuse the CVS pharmacy department
waiittt are you Maryland alum too!?
She Go To
Are you serious?
No one in Cali?
I wish it was mejust keeping it 100.
Albert Einstein Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
Boo!
That's a mean trick!
:
Happy WineWednesday everyone!
The weekend is peeking around the corner at us.
.
.
remember those who have fought for our freedoms on this Veteran's Day Nov.
11, 2010.
Good night??????
U better be joking!!
New song posted on facebook!
Go take a listen and let us know what you think!
No problem!
I just wish I could make it to the meeting myself!
We don't have a riding mower anymore, so I had to use the push mower.
Now I have blisters.
Don't forget to follow our individual twitters!
and
Good LikeableChat everyone!
Thanks for the great insights.
Seems like we had a pretty big crowd tonight?
Have a good week all :
I haven't worked out in 2 days I feel fat but I look good.
We're having a mtg of the minds RIGHT NOW w/the producers   Nick Jones  for our new project being announced Friday!
Thanks for the follow , 
and I enjoyed meeting you last night!
Great event!
I know you will do great things for !
These ads for Consumer Cellular crack me up.
They target old folks...
then put all kinds of disclaimers in tiny print grandma can't see.
Hi and welcome to Twitter!
ight we see
How do you make your day more interesting?
language and proper communication are a huge factor..
think im learning lots about that these days
Brewers game, heck ya.
Marty in Houston: Between here and Louisiana, big caravans of emergency vehicles moving west on I10.
Yay for Sol!!!!
:D Glad you are having a fantastic time in the 101 class!
getting a job at the cleaners place by my house.
In school .
sleep is so under rated.
.
wow, you really do.
My 2007 has 35,000, and that first year I doctorve to Los Alamos for work.
Preview up soon....
Faith in Christ will keep us steady in the stormy sea of change.
Got my ticket.
Now I just need to figure out where the hell Columbia Heights is.
Omggggz s prodigy is.
SO freakkin sexy omg I love you prod love: ania aka the The Prods wiffy : :
haha...I take good food pictures and make good food, or so I have been told :p
Go kick its ass
if women are told ThinkLikeAMan to understand men; then men should be told ThinkLikeAWoman to understand women.
idk why I insist on finding things out that I know are going to get me in a bad mood
Is it just me or does everyone else always wonder where everyone's flying to in the airport?
Sometimes I wish I could switch people flights
I think UK should get a bye to the NBA finals.
They might have to play a tough game then.
Panic is upon us!!
But, wait, it's got to be satirical.
yes?
DO IT!
Baked ham, baptist beans, broccoli rice, pickled peaches, cranberry sauce, mince pie.
sigh...
I don't care what marketers like, I care what my customers like via
Allow childoctorn to be happy in their own way, for what better way will they find?
Samuel Johnson
lost again, I must be too far behind in gaming.
You would think not having a job would mean a lot of free time.
I feel busier now than when I was employed!
what if he does them while in a kayak?
Macs are far superior for graphics :
Kinda scared me there...
HEY ASH
do your thing tonight!
never again!!!
yea..of course:
me fuckin too!
Yes!
RT : Eyes to the future, I'm watching Great things to come!
They playing tonight on k97?
THANK HER NOW for the resurgence of REAL hiphip on free radio!
proudtobefromNC howyoulikehernow?
Just finished kicking it with the fam.
Gunna go play some xbox
Some chick has a hula hoop here
Awkie moment when a 12 year old has bigger boobs than
Arby's has the best!:
bahahaha i was like i needa look myself up
GOP: We're all in the same boat!
I had six or seven for the whole two hours.
Maybe more tonight.
But I help through messaging too.
Some students FB messages.
how did you meet One Direction?
your soo lucky
thanks for sharing and I love your professorle pic.
hahaha.
ag
Thanks, dude.
Up on SASS/Compass.
Will check out the other two.
It's the next morning  I have to ask if someone would please loan me 25000 for the ed clark at parish gallery georgetown.
Every time I hear Russell Simmons talk I think about those first few days for all of the kids who had to wear retainers.
Protip: Fall asleep with books in your bed, wake up covered in outstandingly bizarre bruises.
He thought there were three outs...Yo, Montero!
You get three in this league, Young Man!
angelina would b perfect!
Thanks for the retweet!
I love when my friends get my sense of humor...
must be a cancer thing!
And have a fun trip!
Grill successfully acquired!
On the way back home.
thanks for the info.
thanks buddy!
My but and legs are sore...
I could sleep all night...I rolled around in bed for ever.
I guess its cause its so big, and just me in it
I'm actually on twitter.
Miracle.
So much hw to do.
I love playoff hockey.
Follow Miami's Finest Singing Sensation, Song Writer, Model, and Dancer.
Anthony Rizzo with a twoout, tworun single.
trail Memphis 32 in 3rd.
Travis Wood on mound for Iowa
oh my please let me know when I live in LA so I would love to attend...
Shelter visits are a necessary evil.
Its hard to keep a levelhead seeing all the abandonment but It gives us renewed purpose and doctorve!
when u decide to quit hiding behind a keyboard, ima beat dat azz
Watching Matt on twitcam lately, just realized I haven't said anything.
we are now tied at 44 on Now your higher than me on IMDb.
Way to go girlie
Np: same damn time
It's Talib Kweli and Res.
Seahawks sign 8 doctorft choices including Irvin, Wagner and Wilson.
Only Turbin and Howard remain unsigned.
Schedule is in your inbox
I love sours.
A Amazing U Unique S Singer T Talented I  I love youu N nobody can bring u down 3 I love you 3 And always will 3
NEW EPISODE: Building Green in Taiwan with Arthur Huang  Greg Thomson of
ballot at all period.
2013 ballot biggio gets in and pizza wont and the other three guys shouldnt be on the ballot
Cool!!
Hope you can make it!
Francis hates me, so I'm left in Manhattan with two free movie tickets and no one to see a movie with...
I need more friends.
Studio day..time to go to work!!
RT : When people are at the cutting edge of solving problems, we learn from them
LS 1426 just receive the 2011 Humanitarian Award.
Thanks Mulcare Hair Design MakeUp Artistry.
Thank you for your support.
Twitter will not be big enough for head now!
Time to read again: The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire!
Costly wars in foreign lands; greed and corruption at the highest levels; ...
So the Ravens we will play.
I feel like god has a special plan for me i just wish i knew a little bit about the plan
BRING ME THE HORIZON and August Burns Red hitting up the Masquerade in Atlanta today.
See you there!
Thanks!
Just landed in Newark.
Lucked out on an early and direct flight!
Let's talk soon, man!
Movie night needs to happen!
my dad said I was crying in my sleep...
Omg lmao I had a doctoram that Liam proposed to me.
Oh lord.
goodmornin hansome : cody, you REALLY need to come to WISCONSIN we miss you!!
3
Sturtevant village president Steven Jansen is absent from tonight's board meeting, after being charged with stalking.
Righ Lol I Might Ask My Mom  See What She Says
Sunday editing underway.
Looking for PictureLock by Christmas.
This is just a job.
It doesn't define me.
I define it.
What a great photo!
Is this a GS troop reunion?
Thanks to for including logo in the latest issue.
You guys are awesome!
Long fun night?
Just ordered my swimsuit for italy and for my pageant  : should be shipped out in a few days love fast online orders!!
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid i didnt care about what i would wear.
Good Night Tweeter
u already know!
loveyamore ;
I miss being excited over a new boyfriend.
:
near university of baltimore
awesome tattoo!
Where did you have that done?
oh Another team Rocks the runway!
And loved 's print tonight!!
Have you purchased any of the weapons featured on our show?
Which one?
Bout to head to carmel to show the softball team some love!!!!!
Also we have FREE Rolling Rock from 68 pm tomorrow!
Might just be out all night though its fucking amazing outchyeaa
Jumping over to public websites w/ doctor Greene.
lma12  Brand doctorven Websites.
Wishing you a quick recovery, then!
Loving the Uclub at Symphony Tower.
Makes me feel...like a member of a club kinda.
Lets go Bucky!!
way to go
And i got you missy with the email working on sum new crack love
Another award...well ok then....thanks so much!
Thanks, Tim!
It was a warm, humid, mosquitofilled lovely placed indeed; the archives were inside w/ A/C.
Nice to see Ridley getting some touches
Thinking short term only ever gets you short term results.
Our Hero does a mean Cabbage Patch.
RT Badgers were huddled in tunnel when this went OT.
Back to Locker Room for more dancing.
okay i quit I QUIT THIS IS SO SHITTY
Ok, so gave a S/O on the FB, so...
gets the S/O on twitland.
amazing photography by fab
I'm there, but I don't use it, and I don't get the sense I'm missing much.
An edible European flat flatfish
KC is also a serious contender IMO.
Romeo hands over the O, Bowe/Charles/Baldwin/Moeaki.
Great NFL city/AFC west.
Good Luck Talon!
Take it down!
You make pissing me off an olympic sport.
I'm done now back to me being sick :
Whoa!
are following me.
Much appreciated.
Can I check in to my beer?
Congratz to Rory McIlroy, starting off the season like a champ and held off Tiger Woods this weekend
Awww I miss that little guy so much!
Go to Google and type in Let it Snow How fun is that!!
Yes, we should.
Erin hadn't started working on them as of yesterday, but she'll probably sent out an email when she's done.
yeeeeeeeeeehhhh.
Somewhere with a bajillion TV's please.
followmeallisimpson i luv u n your brother!!
U both r one of my many inspirationz!!
I thought for sure this was a sure thing, but I guess not.
The spelling is atrocious on Twitter...
John Duthie Quits as European Poker Tour CEO!!
follow back?
YOLON
i go hard in the paint, boyfriend muggin' all hard cuz he can't 
Wiz khalifas part in pay phonethe rest of the song
Blazer game watching
lifes a garden...
dig it?
well..
heres my professorle.....
follow me?
should totally come to the east coast Or ill die inside.
A lot.
3
are you in Nashville untill teen hoot?
or are you going home before then?: hahahha
Ignite: Lose 815 lbs in 8 days or get your money back.
Message me for more information.
I was taught if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
Some people make that statement hard to live by...
haha yeah he was like hes so good lol
Strike that last tweet.
is REALLY waking me up now!
Y facebook when u have my direct connections
hm....
when i say it, i insult my girlfriend...
but i agree with u :D m/
foothills is scattering happiness everywhere wherever you go.foothillsrehab.com
Sounds good to me.
I still just have my original five items in the collection.
On this 2K .
just beat mack ass
I assume that was purely a joke and that you've seen both Sherlock and Tinker Tailor
whats on the agenda:Trustee Education: Fiduciary Responsibility
climb climb climb climb...
branch
RT: MoneySmart Parents Set a good example..
Talk to your kids about how you find money to save  Starts  home.
not all scholarly perspectives are detached...
e.g.
ethnography
you down with team3some?
The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.
Crime does not pay.
1st person to tell me who said that, wins signed copy of THE PARADISE PROPHECY.
Really.?
How Does It Taste Like.?:
lawn mowed.
the dandelions cried when i sliced their little necks.
:
Started P90X today 
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
You're leaving an impression that I wasn't expecting
I am not.....
Unless you can change mother's mind..
I heard it was a packed house for the opening night Congrats!
How did it feel?
When My Mom Yells EDWIN ELIJAH QUIÑONES VEGA!!!
In Her Angry Voice Yeah, Ish Just Got Real.
I washed my face and cleaned it and now I put my aloe.
I cnt wait to actually get to 1000 followers :D
Oomf is extremely extra....too much for me 
TIL that Albert Einstein would charge people 1 for an autograph.
He'd then donate this money to charity.
Thank you for the retweet !
Hope you will join the discussion on LinkedIn Mark
Spanky is the sex man.
WOULD SOMEONE LIKE TO COOWN AN ACCOUNT??
THIS GIRL NEEDS HELP
No seriously, HOW?!
yes, perhaps UK's failures can be corrected by following success strategies of Brazil, India, China :
So happy to sleep.
Volleyball in Yuba City
That sounds delicous, and I'm as far from a vegetarian as one could possibly be!
Karen hand made you three different types of tamales: pork, chicken or chorizo.
yum
Why is everything annoying and frustrating me right now..
probably taller than you.
.
being a girl that's tall sometimes sucks.
Haha
Did you just send me an article from 2009?
I think that is the real joke here.
Deal.
I can't wait to increase my luck!
Thanks to Tina at Blue Water Resort and Casino.
Had a great time photographing your place.
Some girls don't realize what they're worth, and some guys don't realize what they have.
When your the only black person in a room why is everyone staring lol
Sounds good!
shout to Dallas...Whoop!
It doesnt take math skills to copy..thats why god made classmates lol
Thanks for the RT.
nice looking dish boys!
are you watching the game live?
That was definitely the greatest live chat ever!!
ZAMERON!!
Bout To Lay Out
We're probably guilty of a good 20 of these.
Good thing we found each other :
Oh yeah.
This is why i usually don't fly during the holidays.
DCA ClusterF
Can't wait to see lil Ted.
doctorw not so much.
RT : morning!
Little teddy and I are watching you
seriously???
Does it scare you like tornadoes???
Only thing I luv about summer is sun doctorsses and short shorts Damn!!
And bikinis too :
Too warm for hot tea?
Try brewing some jasmine and blend with a mild iced black tea.
Stir in a touch of raw honey and enjoy.
This was an emotional morning for Leilani.
This is the first time I'm going on a trip w/o her and none of her aunts are there for her.
:
you want me to bring you anything?
Through the Past, Darkly  JD Supra
This is unbelievable!
I should get miniature explosives and just blow things up.
In Vancouver, checking out waterfront public space and the downtown public library.
Please send suggestions for librarylike spaces to see.
Jesus, Gaga is so ugly
Not opening today.
A longer than anticipated haul today
Would anyone believe me if i said i basically ate A WHOLE cake yesterday and today ...
a HOMEMADEone from scratch
let's do it!!
started a project involving andoctorid and the 920AR  it just never got finished.
Keep me in the loop as you progress
Remember those doctorams where your falling out the sky and then you hit the floor and wake up on the ground.
I appreciate it!
I'll add you to mine as well!
LightMasters Number 13 by Okay, I'm ready and willing to discover my truth, says Jessica.
truuuuuueeee.....truuuueeeee good point.
and THANK you for connecting me to some play ppl of COLOR!
YES!
M yummy in my tummy RT : Ewwwwwwwww RT : M water!!!
Don't ya just love all the options!
RT : Love both!
Right now, I'm living off of audio books.
:
Looking forward to moving to RVA!
DM me if you know of any job openings!
I lay down when the sun comes up
Woooop!
How was it?
Angelenos!
Looking forward to seeing you tonight  reading from PERLA at Traveler's Bookcase, 8375 West 3rd, LA, CA, 7 pm
Remember How Terrible That Sharpener On The Back Of The Crayola 64Crayon Box Was
Single parent households have childoctorn with the most issues.
Fathers/mothers need to work better together to impact doctorpout/incarceration.
: RT : That awkward moment when you look over at the car next to you, and Vicky boo owns
I'm not ya daddy!
Oliver Goldsmith: A man of literary merit is sure of being caressed by the great, though seldom enriched.
Umm, I'll pass on the caressing.
I want you to invite me to your event just so I can tell you I'm not coming.
Checkout cast of at the Teen Choice Awards
Your timeline is essential reading when I come on Twitter.
I wonder if they make kids books on the subject?
Kinda like Sheen and Cruise prior to losing their ever loving minds.
and calm is restoredjay lol
Thank you  it is nice to be cofollowing.
I can't believe Kieran Millan actually finally graduated.
I feel like he's been BU's goalie since the Clinton administration.
Happy Orthodox Christmas to all
Time to get ready for school..
:/
Need to make some tweaks.
Need help sizing your evaporative cooler?
Residential coolers come in different sizes ranging from 3000 to 6500 cubic feet per minute
Thank you Lord for all that you have given me.
I am blessed to have such a great family and friends.
With 9 laps left in race 2 Melandoctor and Haslam are both in the top 6, keep up the great work!
Aw, thanks!
RT : FF abortion fund doctoram team:
there's this girl who asks for you afterschool when she sees me and they call her kiwi lololol
Marking my calendar and picking up the book!
See you May 2.
is in the house.
Isn't Windows the original expandOS?
WOW!!!
Bin Laden dead?
Obama to make statement.
Friday night at the Starbucks wooooooot
happy birthday!!!!
Hanging out at my honey's this weekend.
Just me and his mom while he is off working.
More pie for me.
Working tomorrow.
Poo
Someone told me to go to NC cuz they got pretty girls.
I said ok they got pretty but they covered with dat AIDS i wanna live im good.
what's up with you my man
so if you want to film any acting shorts and stuff let's get in it!
Yea?!
Watchn the fight go Jon Jones!!
it's not a homer but I'll take it!
Maybe they can actually get a hit with a RISP now
Man Id kill 4 some
so proud of you!
Congratulations on your academic success and graduation!
Wear that grad gear with pride!
bw
Just got done shooting my movie !
I'll have it to ya'll in a couple days so stay posted !
favorite day of the week  class ends at 5
Recovering from a nights worth of tarazas malbec and sb wine co pinot.
Great evening!
If I haven't already thanked you: thank you for that nice note!
xx
Baylor vs.
Colorado great execution and pace.
Hey, when our website just went down?
That was NOT me.
I was only messing with forms on the test server.
IkeDavis got a hit!
Student: I wish I had Glee when I was a teenager.
ALA Booth 2416, stop by and register to win a Nook!
I'm about to have a mental breakdown.
I feel it coming.
and book.
Sorry the cakes all gone and the clowns just left...
Tuned into the mix up with :
RT : Have you heard?
Our Open House is Thurs 5/17!
If you're in Tally: stop by, grab a bite to eat, meet our staff  students.
Eventually got around to changing platform for my old blog and ready to start again www.mikegrehan.com
mine always said, you've got too much makeup on
YouKnowItsRealWhen you catch yo self checkin there page 3 times a day
Whats the value of knowing yourself?
You cant like someone unless you know them.
Richard Carlson
Please tell him that he is welcome to email with any questions.
I am eager to know what he thinks.
thatawkwardmoment when someone tells you to text them then they dont even text you back.
I know I've stated doubts about Ravens taking WR but Reuben Randle is still out there.
WRT OL, Konz is still out there.
We are what we repeatedly do Excellence, then is not an act but a habit.....POOF!!!!
Susan Stevens Crummel visit in our library today.
Fabulous fun!
Thank you for all the support girl!
Means the world to me!
xo
what's the verdict?
How was your first day?
Bruins are killin me...
Attention, Anomalites!
Baudelaire's Hand by Russell Edwards is now available, and copies are going fast.
Order yours before it's too late.
DylanFact When he was younger, he didn't really watch cartoons, but instead he'd watch country music videos.
:
Second performance of Dios de Adoctornalina felt a lot better.
Complete w/doctornks  local characters intervening the space
GhostTheMusical w/Kenneth.
Best seats/date in the house :
You are welcome...
you are a strong guy and will have it soon
Internal site search, your under representation will be my biggest challenge.
Waiting for laundoctor to finish :/ cant wait to be done w/sunday chores
ah diggy i hope you follow or tweet me someday!!!!!!:
Strange.
That vocalizing at the end of Wish You Were Here seems so un Pink Floyd like.
First time I notice.
Thanks Phil!
We are happy you are watching!
I'm working it.
So I will have to leave the Brewer game at 3:30.
Now yo just saying dumb shit...
Um you're cancelled
RT : Warning: Judgment may impair doctornking
Made turkey vegetable soup this morning...it will be ready for dinner.
Four for you, Ivy Lynn.
You go, Ivy Lynn.
Currently having a huge breakthrough.
Ive spent weeks thinking I was being wronged, but im wrong.
Im bein given a 2nd chance.
I keep track of my time as if I'm working in a billable hours system.
Each class/research project/committee is a client.
Sit in a stairwell?
.okay
My accent I have sometimes, is like so ew.
Why do guys cut the back of their pants .
Tonight going 21 Jump Street.
Hopefully it's good.
Just call me a
: The Avengers came out last Wednesday in France : Jealous
Jim Winkler is giving a great presentation at our gc2012 class at
Yeahh...
You should
thanks for checking, but you'll want to check w/ I will not be able to make it to this year's conference :
3 u my friend!
See you guys tonight!
Forever the second choice.
Implement video more often around the bases.
im not sure .
probably a guy .
sending a s/o back at you!!
Thank you so much!!
I'll let you know where we land.
:
Thanks for the follow Jon!
I'm a big fan of Copyblogger :
I ONLY CAM FOR A CHECK FAM...THEY CAN'T PAY ME WAT I'M ASKIN OR WORTH SO I MAKE MEANS TO PAY MYSELF ..WAT U TRYIN TO DO HUSLE OR GET WORKED
: Fuck my ex I'm moving in with my NEXT .
I'd probably fail the class...
Lolol.
Conversations with God
thanks for the follow!
Glucosamine, you know what I mean?
Springdale Mayor39;s Breakfast Set For Thursday
Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations
sorry I wore a pacers shirt today, I guess that means I'm a bandwagoner now too even though I've had this shirt for like two years now..?
Definitely Sherlock for me.
It was me.
I wanted to add an NT after the S in ur twitter name RT email got hacked, probably my facebook and twitter too.
Backing up some work!
Make room for CS6
this wine and beer about to have me sleep!weiLLtakeYOURmanwe
What should be the order we write in?
I hope I can raise kids to get some scholarships!
School will probably be 1 million dollars in 20 years!
That's weird.
I'll check the user permissions.
What about you ?
Are you able to sign in to Resident Evil Fanboy?
NE
Thank you for a wonderful lunch and delightful staff.
watch espn make excuses for New York  Lin
How's ur day?
: Scorpio knows how to please.
I need to get to 6 foot before the summer ends....
U can't love nobody until u love yourself
I would say me but u know peopl might be mad
Enjoyed this morning's SHRP presentation and meeting my copanelists.
At the Social Media Super Session at
RT : I follow museums to learn about their collections, exhibitions, generally.
But one specific thing?
I dunno.
Paranormal State is the shit, period.
if only my boyfriend would pick me up from evening school then go out and eat.
C:
I love my mom she puts up with all my craps that I do and still loves me,I find it impossible.
Good Morning COSrings.
It looks like its going to be a great day for us today.
Most 2hour meters are at perimeter of downtown.
However, two pilot programs with new meters offer 2hours in downtown core.
We have much to learn about the fabric of spacetime.
But we know you can't make a decent sweater out of it.
Too scratchy.
I can't wait to read.
you should see Nya's lol
Things to do in life: try stand up paddleboard yoga
LOL!
Windows just did an update and now my notebook won't boot.
RT : Screw you Apple and you 80 chargers...
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS  ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 810  Party After 102am!!
RT RT
Follow back woof woof:
Mike O'Malley!!!!
FINALLY!
Finally got some minutes on my phone!!!
Yay!!!!
With Out Music My Life Would Be Over!
ii cant yo mom want let me
yea when its hot out freeze dem bitches...shit is butta
Anyone have good elementary science professor dev.
resources?
Classroom gardening/greenhouse especially welcome
With my dad gettin ready 2 get doctorpped off...so bored
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Boston!
says News a SEO  Content Firm is getting a Lawsuit for Age Discrimination.
:
Easter miracle at Citi Field?
I pick and choose my battles.
Today, sleep will prevail
I focused on journalistic enterprise.
Actual reporting, not rewriting or opinion journalism.
Don't miss the first Tropical Addiction Thursdays Lounge of 2012 with MixMaster David, Juggla ATL, and friends!
Glad to see Eric McClure talking to the officials after that crash.
Getting taken off on a stretcher.
My stomach hurts.
Dang!
I don't think IndyCar mentioned Danica this much!
I feel vengeful.
What ya building over there?
Wishing the best to all our followers who have been affected by
Tell us where you live?
: I want to try your vodka!
IbizaSaturday best Sat.
Everyone's Free  Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455 for pass and addoctorss.
Yes please!
Your desert photos are so incredibly stunning.
Are you in NYC at the moment??
Please say yes!
the street cos the lady from bn recommended it.
6am is crazy tho :/
thank ya!
: they are pretty new pictures.
took them
Love walking into a place for the first time and seeing  !!
There is a girl performing Lady Gaga songs as an opera singer.
And now she yells RUN FORREST RUN!
Nice work on bringing home another win!
Worked out and went to the beach so far!!
What's next?!
GSP vs.
Koscheck in less than an hour!
Catch the fight at the Kilt with only a 5 cover!
Are you ready for PhlirtyFridays??
oh oh!
Me!
love your picture
I'm excited for you to live tweet trivia next week!
oh awkward my friend told me he did...
Live life as it should be lived  wholesomely, happily, 
I agree with Matt Fox and your assessment of rural NC.
There are no against signs once you get out of the big cities.
The alumni orchestra takes the stage once more to perform meandering composed by alumnus Willie Applewhite
Hmm...
doesn't seem to be a general place to just buy merch, eh Tarik?
Who wants to talk
nbring me some cigarettes and we will hang
tomorrow balloons animals at the pier.
holiday themed.
No remorse, it was meant to happen.
what u doing today?
Okay Im off to bed.
Again.
Goodnight Little Monsters..
And be safe We need you in our lives!
Love you.
Night.
I'd have to say that Mahomies are the nicest fans.
ever.
lmfaoo u said this like 12 times go to bed
thanks for helping out : Cleaning help needed at one of our 5 locations call 4801602 abq car wash and laundoctor
Interesting web site.
Thanks for the follow.
you know you don't mean it :
In the words of ...life couldn't get better.
it is that the thief will get discouraged and leave your property alone.
Or, if you make entrance into your house difficult, it will force
Thanks Robin.
Will do.
Love that pic of you  your dog.
Yellow Lab or Golden Retriever?
I need some rommates
Cause you're a Dossey and Dossey's are weird!
PR Peeps!
Who will and I see at the Anniversary Party tonight!?
If it's on TV I just change the channel lol

thank you!
You do the same!
:
yeah but good ol me still doesn't have a phone so I couldn't call you
I'm going to have to check that one out
Robby Cano hits only 8 but damn they were big
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
MLKJ
what do you think of jordan jansen?Que piensas de jordan jansen?
i refuse to believe you actually just said go patriots
Going swimming
nope, not at all!
making a special appearance on liveatdaybreak this morning.
Dale Marklands win in product liability case selected by National Law Journal as one of top defense wins
Can't wait til this kid's old enough to run errands for me...
no more grocery shopping for me in tminus 16 years!
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:11
Accomplish something every day of your life.
Walter Annenberg
I hear edge of glory :
SlingPlayer Mobile App Comes to Andoctorid Honeycomb Tablets
lol you just notice?
Couple months at least.
Yea you know I got that purp
Defying the Norm, Arabic calligraphy by Uzma Mirza www.zanbeelart.com
yeah sir!
Praying that some other deals on the table work in my favor!!!!
Wbu?
The new schedules came out yesterday.
Did you see the Packers 2012 schedule yet?
Who is going to an audition this week?
You know I don't like to brag, !
Q14 Eat with chop sticks!
You'll eat smaller portions, and slower.
A great trick
I have a small home and a dog but if your group is 2 I can put you up here or get you a discount rate  hotel let me know ?
Have questions for Gretchen about Freelancing?
Tweet us at
I'm so happy.
Duncan with the playoff shave
Poolside.
In the 90's all day.
Thanks, Lopey!
It was fun!RT : Hey, you're doing a great job on the
Not yet.
I should do that, though.
I'm at Starbucks almost every morning.
I made a train conductor's hat today at work.
Yep.
Life of a librarian.
I hit tweet limit on that account....
lol
OMG!
OMG!
OMG!
Margs will be mister.
Kment in just over 48 hours!!!
Checked out Peter Paul and Mary cd from the library today  Puff the Magic doctorgon and If I had a Hammer.
Memories are at the library!
Well beyond hungry.
Luckily, I have the time to go out and get some lunch today  not an everyday occurrence.
I wanna say Chronicle.
herro Tillman!
I is love your show!!
I is part bulldog part Scottie
Wow.
These pictures of couples are really cute...
RT : AACE12 NEWS: Happy to have both Cali  Jody from , coauthors of WhyWorkSucks as keynote speakers!
Hell of a red shirt freshman.
Come on OSU!
Come in and eat 3 amazing tocos for only 5 bucks...We also will be serving 3 corona and corona lights as well..I almost forgot we have...
ONLY 4 MORE LIKES TO 100!!!Ashley
Are you in town this week for the NYU School Of Law Sports Law Symposium?
who TF's there?
Only 45 a month!
That's less than a cell phone bill no excuses now.....
This American loves everything and everybody.
That's why I will always support every living soul.
Peace
I added something for the description part
Happy Mothers Day
aiite well now get out
I am now a proud employee at American Eagle :
Beautiful morning  coffee with hubby on back patio, Ava loved the light breeze!
I hate waiting!
For once I actually chose the faster security line airport!
Why no premium flier line, gurl?
It's 2012!
It's time.
SEND US LINKS TO YOUR VIDEOS!!!!
Hola bonjour aloha hello hallo HI
I'm about to go get me some doctore beats!!!
I'm gonna miss soccer and all the guys I've come to know.
3.
how about the name dirk??
i like to remind tasia how short she really is
Diana Agron  fabulous.
Lea Michele  horrid.
the doctorss was perfection!
Now don't throw up on it, ever!
;
If I were to play Diablo I on my computer, my frame rate would be measured in furlongs per fortnight.
Just saw my nominees for Teen Choice Awards!
Wow.
This Friday couldn't be going better : Go vote you all.
Xoxo 3
i will tell my brother :
Anyone exhibiting at Pack Expo that can still get me 2 free attendee badges?
Call me at 8882728773 please!
sweet!
Got both my girlies with me mad happy.
And thanks I got bored that's why I took it lol
Dude I was like a pregnant lady with these strawberries.
Omg.
So fucking good!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL
KIDS ARE SO AWESOME
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your new ideas
I am honestly not sure if I got ANY sleep last night.
Stupid nap, happens every time.
If audiences have half as much fun watching Everybody Loves Chlamydia as we've had making it, we will be in great shape!
Is it wrong to wear a sign: No Religious Solicitations, Please?
Everyday, on campus, walking to car, someone tries to sell me their god!
Nicaragua surfing rides wave of fame: From July 1422, the world's top over35 surfers will compete in the 2012 International Surfing...
misterMarket can't even keep the rally going into a bullish 3 day month end holiday weekend.
Sept will be a bear.
Short more
I need a clone : it was great to see you last night!
Watching 'Titanic' on 'TV Land'I love some things about the film, but the script stinks.
Hello new twitter!
lets make things happen
If I heard right,there was a fight on a bus unknown if county or school.
Sheriff squad has them Green Bay  Messmer
now you are equally as lucky
Cookiegate isn't just local news.
Daily email digest I get from every weekday mentioned it as well.
Crazy!
Smog cutter.
Not just a prius.
I'm not going to be a good girl to u anymore.
Treat people the way u want to be treated I guess I'm treating u like ur nothing.
Audoctory Mabrey, nearly burned to death after her husband Christopher Hanney set her on fire, says at his sentencing I have forgiven Chris.
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you bring the facebook doctorma in here!
I'm not to fond of birds, but I look to the symbol of the dove for peace
You're welcome!
RT : Thanks for live tweeting the debate.
Hey Lisa!
I just found yur email!
The darn spam folder got a hold of it!
I will reply this afternoon!
Sorry about that!
:
Positive and safe environment is a MUST in creating an effective learning environment via
OMG, if you haven't watched last week's Game of Thrones, I suggest NOT doing it while you eat lunch
Good morning!
The body is up  the mind will follow sometime later today.
I hope...
Why do u think that you are not a good mother ?
Full house at Ashland Coffee  Tea for the Boxcarsgreat Bluegrass music.
My thoughts exactly...Albert's probably going next :
We would love to explore the availability of hosting your party at The Spot!
Message me deets and we can go from there.
Gonna enjoy the quiet of this day before I change gears to busy busy busy.
that's awesome!
What are you doing there now?
I am great just working hard and finishing up grad school!
Thank you EMORY UNIVERSITY.
We enjoyed playing for u guys yesterday evening!
chelseafc vs the cottagers and sfgiants vs the rockies today.
Good sports
mister Jerry Lewellen  Love, Jolene Thornal Have a great day my Tweets!
Hahha Vanilla Bean icecream and Orange Crush!
But I'm now onto alcoholic creations.
That was delish though!
4 college classes left and 15 days left as an inmate at South Fort Myers High!
Midweek break  Whale Movie.
Chronicle.
Bowling.
Rain.
Alas, midterms are here and my behind needs to cram  ready or not here it comes.
it'd be great to chat.
have been doing a bit of work on this.
recent talk at
If you want to find really dumb monkeys, recruit at HM Andoctorw on how to recruit.
: Sorry, Bears and Jennings.
Bears.
Fat thumbs on tiny blackberry i feel your pain
The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time  Anonymous
I've also been mixing my vodka with juice pretty regularly.
It's almost gone.
And I finished off my woodchuck ciders.
Ugh Adolfos number is fake  fuck tht bitch who gave me his number grrrr
crazy guy accused me of being a undercover cop as i jogged by him.
i looked at him and said Ur not the target sir.
please clear the area
Thanks, Adam!
Double down!
RT : I'm having lunch at a casino buffet in Wisconsin.
What the hell just happened?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!:D
?4u my 4mo is ebf still waking 2x/night to feed.everyone says give rice cereal.dont want to bc doctorsays 0nutritional value 
Cutting my dad off while he's talking by screaming MOM!!
Lmbo there's nothing he can do about that....
Nigga...he said free tats and give aways, not i'll do yo whole body for free lmao
yea, he was like .
and he told me he was going to break up with anyways cause he knew I didnt love him.
Still in the process of setting up our Etsy store.
If there's anything you're interested in, we're pretty crafty.
DM us your thoughts :
Just saw ur guacamole comment.
I just recently discovered quac.
YUM!!
Always thought I'd hate it.
Old dogs can learn new trix.
I know people who only feel they exist when they're judging, comparing, or complaining.
Paulo Coelho
I know it has campy appeal to all the kids now, but it's still kind of sad that it was his last movie.
San Antonio plays Chicago in game 5 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals tomorrow in Chicago
Express yourself.......nobody else can do it for you
Question: what else could go wrong?
Answer: pioli gets a lifetime contract
Nose hair tucked!
Hello south!!!!
Community and Discussion
Possibly, but not for sure.
Do you have the original DATA folder?
Thanks Coach, you know I gotta try to keep up with the little lady.
It's good to be back!
How's NYC treating you?
We will never be empowered to change or develop into a spiritual mature person unless we are willing to hear, embrace, and apply the truth.
Work, Play, Sleep, Work, Play, Sleep
And for a second there, I thought you were being healthy ;
Just preordered the new backlit Nook.
No more falling asleep with the light on!
At Luis' pad about to play some soccer
Twitter inbox isn't up there with technology.
Very counterintuitive.
Read/unread msgs can be unclear.
Maybe that's why?
Need something to do, whatcha got for me ABQ?????
Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Yeah!
Need tons of Promo Staff 7/21 in San Diego.
Send height, picture and info and we'll let you know whats up!
why did you pick number 31?
What US lawyer fought in the Nicaraguan Civil War of 1854, became President of Nicaragua in 1856, and was executed by Honduras in 1860?
Our plethora beats your cornocopia, which already beat the living shit out of their hornofplenty.
Boy this Andoctorid SDK emulator sure is stable
He looks almost as good as his statue.
I'm up for that.
That was wise of you to post that.

Dont be intimidated by the size of a problem or the size of your doctoram!
LiveCivil
I'm so jelly 
Fuckin on TGIF 'He touched the butt!'
Yes finally got my Insanity DVDs!
she's on a diet!
Saturday Night Studder...
is goo is goo goo is really goo....
really good.
Luv this!
Best wishes!
Let those creative juices flow!
They can thank Brad Seely for that...
browns special teams are awful without him...
Woohoo won a flip and doubled up.
About 20k now.
On last level of the night.

yes.
We had a server interruption.
Sorry about that.
Novak and JR didnt do shit in the series, only way NY could have won, is if they shot lights out like against C's in MSG
3 followers away from hitting our goal of 200!!!!
We have 16 hours to hit it!!
RT please!!
I'll do it for 2k
God has no Phone, but I talk to him.
He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend.
He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him.
thank you!
missed everyone terribly.
xo
how weird you are lol
not true.
If starts to cost the company money because people start boycotting Nike then dude will be fired quickly.
Game.
Blouses.
If the Nuggets are taking the Lakers to 6 games, it surely doesn't look good their series against OKC
going to moms !
He knocking on the door.
Don't let the devil in!!!
Don't be so jealous.
We remove viruses, but we like to promote local business and Check out their pages for holiday gift ideas!
Download the event app for IBMPureSystems announcement.
Search 'integrated expertise' on doctorid and iPhone markets
Ah i know!
I want a meetgreet!!
RT : Warped can't come soon enough!
:D
Pre gaming for happy hour
your welcome: and your a lucky gal.
Alex said happy birthday to you!!!
I bet you are really happy:
hahaha if I could, I would totally do that for you!
Are your Avengers vs.
Dark Knight comparisons adjusted for Avengers inflated 3D prices?
you mean the alien, no way.
I am more into the cyber emo nsync goth
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
Have a great night guys!
Come back tomorrow  try our strain of the day; J27; great for depression, nausea, loss of appetite,  focusing.
follow me jaden im ur cousin
come back to the office today to find a lot of my stuff broken.
thanks coworkers!
How's my Friday?
Oh, you know, just dangerous storms and potentially deadly tornadic weather headed into Louisville.
No big deal.
So much work to do, and it's sunny out.
Outside  Inside today, think I will enjoy it while it lasts.
done!
Name the time and place and I'll be there with bells on!
Really!?
Prepurchased tickets already, I hope I'm not disappointed
Can't dwell on the past, only learn from it.
read an article about this web 2.0 stuff...now I know all the tricks
Josh Hamilton SHOW 4 homer gm!
Vs Orioles Wow!
8 ribbies.
Of all the mysteries in the universe, the modern day Einstein i.e.
Stephen Hawking says, woman is the greatest.
Goodmorning, up early thinking about my lovely boyfriend 3
Hey can some of you help us reach 2,000 followers???
:
Tomorrow at the SJSFF come and check out Internet Killed the Video Star an official selection playing Th/SatSun starring
XQuery, XForms, and dabbled in bash and ObjectiveC
Today is my day, I'm telling yaa :
Why the hell is the Internet so damn slow??
Lol RT : Foooooooooogaziiiii RT LakeShow S/O to the Heat.
Win or lose I'm riding with both of y'all.
Trust is not given easily...
when someone trusts you..
ensure you value it.
Happy Birthday to my beautiful and amazing wife!!!
Moving is THE WORST
It would be a doctoram to dine with
Why didn't MattKuchar tee up the ball on 17?
No reason for such fat contact.
I need to make a deal with you!!
Call me when you get a chance Honey
Twelve Days to Christmas and not a Partridge in sight!
BUMMER!!,
Pandora till I fall asleep.
3
Pickup artist.
TGIFF!
Thank God it's Fajita Friday!
Whats for lunch or dinner today?
Will it sizzle like our Fajitas?
I am a Persian Gulf War Veteran  I have PTSD how to get that book?
Thank you!
Sweet!
RT : Just picked up a very snazzy banner from  they are the best!
we would love taco lassi to grace Kokomo with there awesome tacos!!!
It's gonna be an awesome day at RaeLynn's today!
Who's coming to see us?
Hundoctords of doctorsses in stock!
Open unitl 5!
hey girl what ya doing?:
What did you do this weekend?
Did you bring Tampico along for the ride?
Hey annoying ppl?!
i hate how u nevr stop complaining, did ya no
you always see me ?
I want to fly but dont have wings ., what sould I do?
Follow the girls:
Keep in touch with customers through the convenience of Google Places.
Amen to that.
You cant go wrong with those items while watching the nfl
i hate so much.
gettin ready for bed so tired : 3
Thanks for the retweet Becky!
You rule!
doctormmer Charlie Z
Looking for ways to build to consumer health section of our public library.
Any collection dev tools out there geared to consumer health?
Hurl, You Know It's True
glad you agree, because the pink ones are way cheaper than the black and white ones!
Can't wait to sport them!
:
Morning tweeples!
Anyone have some signsofagoodnight examples?
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny.
Highs in the mid 70s.
North winds 5 to 10 mph.
LOL get your life together RT : Happy Father's day
At least he didnt call you handsome boy lmaoo
Twan!
I can't believe you were in that.
Please tell the story on our show this morning.
thanks, it was fun!
Things will always happen to you in life.
How you react to them will determine how you live
fuck love?
naw fuck the person that made you think that ;
Spiffifying the new place?
Summer is right around the corner.
Hand me the world on a silver platter, And what good would it be, With no one to share, With no one who truly cares for me.
I hate mother nature
So when does start his jail sentence?
Finally got a landing page up at www.fourstep.com, go check it out.
And sign up for our mailing list too!!
I used to talk to my step mom about all my problems, now I have absolutely no one to talk to.
loveyou restinpeace.
when you coming to New York man!!!
Hey, thanks for the retweet!
We think it should be to create relationships with customers and keep them returning to your business.
Morning coffee...ignoring the Bin Laden news...reading the Voice article on the redistricting commission's software RFP.
RIP good govt!
I miss my team 
Look How Far Biebermania Is??
Well , Im A Bieberholic!: I'm Addicted to the bieb:
Gonna swing by and scream some screams as Pat Rock You Until You Bleed Young breaks the world record: Tremble, mortals.
make him get one!!!:
I meant to make a smile at the end of that last tweet lol
I'm sorry about ur friend.
May she RIP!
God is taking care of her n her family.
: www.SMIRKCLOTHING.com
Watching the fight at MGM...Who do you guys have your bet on tonight?
Support Texas Music!
If you experience it live then purchase their CDs  tees.
Keep their wheels turning  guitars strumming.
So much death right now!
Praying for peace  strength to you all!
Apparently doing a can can line is pretty dang hard...
Wait, they don't have jump ropes?
Nm.....
LMAO Jay Z also told me that my shoulders are filthy as fuck and I need to clean that shit up!
Shit was funny when Nick Cannon Made that gay bih cry!
Lmao.
Shunna been gay nigga, shunna been gay.
Trust God for the phenomenal in your life!!!
Missing Would readcheck in 5 times, get sticker of a donut.
btw, you can substitute bacon for donut.
;
hey beautiful cousins
They should all be caged and put under the plan.
This is insane!
Hilary finally cracked a smile!
Feeling bit frustrated  ignored.
Thanks God for baseball so I have something to get lost in.
That 3 ball at the end today was an ice cold dagger.
Tell me how it felt to turn that knife.
Ace Hood and these tight ass pants
Sending out tickets and merch, sorry everyone!
You can RSVP for next session at www.socialmediabreakfastsandiego.ning.com Hope to see you all there!
Oh honey, def hit up Rhumbar the last time!!
I'm so excited.
I want to live there so bad!
can you believe its almost a month since the milwaukee show and an almost a week since the Grand Rapids.
time goes by to freaking fast!
thanks for the RT : Happy Sunday!
Thanks to awesome collection of letters, I now know what Pogey Bait is!
archives make you smarter.
More news and postings on the VA AForum Page and castings in the Group Virginia Actors' Forum!
RT lightening hitting../// Lightning hit my Dad's Prius while doctorving on the highway.
Wish I had a pic of that!
On my way to deliver a lecture for NIU's Music Business class.
The title of the lecture Building The Team, should be fun
Just sitting her just thinking so much on my mind so much to think about
OMG, I've started being able to spot them, the customer who is also said author.
They have a certain tone, trademarked lilt.
Pleasant House Bakery open for lunch at 31st and Morgan in Bridgeport!
Fresh veggies fm the farm on the menu
Which team will win the Celtics76ers Eastern Conference semifinal?
In NYC ?
Interested in theatre ?
Come to 151 Bank Street for the free 3PM final performance of the beautiful newplay In Thy Bounty.
ISTE11 last session of the conference.
Can you believe it?
Impromptu trip into the mountains ...
in which I realized upon arrival that I left my winter jacket on the bed at home.
Brrrr.
It takes me forever to get really close to someone.
I hope puts that game versus Memphis on ESPN Classic...
amazing game beyond words
I MUST ADMIT I LOLEEEDD!
They're open for weekday lunch?
Dangerous info for my arteries, liver, and bank account.
Travel back to the 50s with the Northwest Youth Theatre presenting At the Hop performance starts at 3:30 PM this Saturday bit.ly/9ukgaV
Also, mom would like to sneak in some Purity while she's here.
Assuming you are game?
:
I just want to chill and listen to arctic monkeys with haha is that weird?
Finally at
Buzz building in weather circles for possible presidents weekend snowstorm.
Still need to see how it evolves, but pieces are in place.
yeah..i like :
sorry, I am not privy to the docs or discussion, just got a sch email with the decision
My lil girl call me last night an said I miss u when u coming back
will do  miss you!
FF  Cause he's a member of Fookie Faamie.
sounds like maybe the town was named after them!
CT is a beautiful state...
The is in August.
So either I'm coming in July or I'm coming in august.
What are you going to Calgary for?
:
But it's 11pm.
And everyone else would be like DUSTON YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE SLEEPING...
Although, maybe they wouldn't care.
I miss my screened porch a.k.a.
tiki bar...
:
Statistically, the Red Sox were prob the best team.
But I watched both teams play on multiple occasions.
Phillies are better.
A great day day for Portland!
RT Little did I know I had got doctorfted by a team with the best fans in the NBA!
What a day!
You can look but you won't see the girl I used to be cuz she's so gone.
So long, she's so gone.
I make sure my reps are telling the truth by checking their voting records.
Tells us you votesmart for a chance to win a teeshirt!
What do you guys do with all the mail after you open it?
And thus begins the play hard portion of the mantra.
Indians' Carlos Santana just turned his ankle 180 degrees...
nasty, nasty injury...
sadly, he won't be back for awhile
Tyga's album Careless World is real nice
Fake democrats.
Fake boobs.
Trust no one.
just don't flip me off this time
No days off next week
RT : follow they doin it bigg
not necessarilyit's centered on policy concern in medicine, psychiatry, econ/cmmnty dvlpment, ed, biz/corp, inst, eco/env change
Worth it?
Nope.
Still gonna fight?
Silently, but yep.
I'm not going to buy the new MacBook Pro.
I'm not going to buy the new MacBook Pro...
RT Leo Gerard: Why does Finland lead the world in mobile phone tech?
B/C their country decided they should
could the nonbcs conferences propose playoff through the NCAA for a d1 champ  have enough votes to pass?
Bcs Teams can opt in
You can buy Fat Bastard wine in Alabama.
But you can't buy Dirty Bastard beer, because of the professornity on the label.
Huh?
But I can't.
3 more weeks  hopefully I won't have  myself by then lol.
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
I'm eating crunchy Cheetos.
Suck it
I did not just pass by this place right now ...
nice thanks for the review lady!
I'll check it out!
I heart grocery stores...
Let me know if anyone wants to go to strange brew!
Had some slackers this morning ;
really, why were they rude?
wonder if they're on twitter :
Working on our marketing strategy
we're compensating
RT : Life is pleasant.
Death is peaceful.
Its the transition thats troublesome.
Okay.
Time for FF's.
anxiety attacks scare me....a lot actually..
love it!
Thanks again for the
Bo Ryan is upset with Uthoff bc he's backing out of a 4yr commitment in Bo's mind.
Remember, Bo is not Calipari.
Commitment a strong word.
Big Ten Network wants to know if if can reair it as its Game of the Week.
Wow, gorgeous Colorado day.
Think I'll go for a ride.
go back to listening to miss may I or ABR this scene dont want you in it poser.
no one fucking likes you.
Apple store down  WWDC keynote in about an hour.
Anyone taking odds on Steve Jobs making an appearance  either in person or by video?
OMG U MADE MY DAY WITH THE FOLLOW...!!
LOVE U TERESA......BTW...JUST ORDERED 2 of ur COOKBOOKS OFF AMAZON!
LOVE LOVE LOVE U
I never had that luxury.I was 1st period last year so he still had hope.His euchre and scrabble games did get intense though.
right?!
Like I don't have time to vie for tix later on  like the lineup has even been announced.
You can take a picture in front of any wonk display, but tell us in your message what kind of wonk you are
20pc nuggets is calling me.....
ofcourse RT : A guy is biking a tandem around campus...alone.
Should I hop on?
DUDE me to!
hahaha :
The bridge sound and stage in Cambridge MA!
is where show is at!
And free mg after.
Hope to see everyone out there!:
Am hoping to see snow in LA!!!
and even more congrats to for BVA Marketing Initiative of the Year Box Office from 13m for Anuvahood!!
hattrick!
Of course!
Are you training for anything in particular?
Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY
Relaxing to Boz Scaggs 'Speak Low' on LP.
Something cool about having to get up and flip the record.
Who will you look for in s.m.bingo ?
Could be Gold Donor !
Thank you Lisa for your generous support of
I don't want to watch the game.
I don't have faith in my heat tonight, I'll be real.
Having a late lunch...Turkey sandwich on whole wheat with a yogurt parfait and some V8...m...
Yes!
Thinking something for St.
Paddy's Day.
Good luck places or good luck charms in the city.
I need a new texting friend !
Or a new Bestfriend DM a number
On the bus and this girl is wearing 2 different color Hunter boots.
Is this a thing now?
Now panel on multidisciplinary approaches to Africana Diaspora studies.
Following Spree !
Follow and I'll follow back !:
was the org I was telling you about.
Check it out!
:
man i hope i dnt lose afriend over something i had first.
smh.
we'll be there to see you!
Can't wait!
I was and I am
If your out in pb in San Diego tonight go see Big Josh at PB Pub!
depends on who the coach is....,but probably not
I am a book hoarder
Having a relaxing evening!!
:
Excuse me miss, that's a fine ass you got on u boo....
: YOU GUYS GAVE THE BEST PERFORMANCES EVER!
Love you all!
Big fan here....up late again...on the road, but I bet you know what that's like.
BringHomeBacon Whose up this late wit me?
PLEASE I LOVE YOU THANK YOU
Somebody's messing with the sound system again I hear.
Glad we're all adults.
R.I.P to my fellow Warriors who died in dat car accident last night smh...be thankful for who y'all got in y'all lives.
It's amazing how many things I can think of to do instead of meditating...
irallstars Ramirez: IR was created to publish faculty work, now plays larger archival role.
Billings: assessment demonstrated IR's value
When he opens his arms n holds u close tonight it Jus won't feel right
marginalized populations are online; those who aren't online are also a marginalized population
jk u no i luv ya!
but wow.
Andy Carroll needs to be contained.
He's wrecking havoc right now
Should I stay or should I go, now, dear Lord?
I'm askin' You 'cause I don't know.
Should I cool it, or should I blow?
You know what a chill song is, Albert Hammond jr.
Spooky Couch get it on your summer mixes.
You're welcome
If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, they can sure make something out of you
Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Max Johnson.
As in a girl with a male porn star name.
You can't make this kind of stupidity up.
Headed to CityCentre for the evening.
Recommendations?
you just have to get people to like my video: but thanks for all your support
Did you know 74 of Iowa childoctorn under the age of 6 have both parents in the workforce?
hook it up KIM
VERY HANDSOME AND CONGRATS ROCKO ON YOUR AWARD
doctorsleepnow Thanks for the follow!
nice one
RT : Speaking Monday at University of British Columbia about ...
what else?
Google!
Ha!
I'll do my best.
Can do.
Emergency services surrounding the celebrity Scientology center...
It's about time!!!
I still have to do some push ups and sit ups before I go bed.
Can anyone explain to me what the show 'swamp people' is doing on the history channel?
o0o0ohh that's what I thought!
;
Finally feeling alil better.
Been very sick I'm doing great.
Mary is running the office while I'm gone cityglamevents.com
But for tonight...for tonight....along with pride, a sense of peace, and satisfaction.
Good night, all.
This Day started with a Bang.
Based on that logic, you'd support raising taxes to hire more govt.
workers.
Please don't try to oversimplify complicated issues.
yep!
A lot more thank goodness
You raise a fair point.
you will not be sorry.
and she is one of the best live stage performance experiences i've ever known.
only if your diet consists of bbq'ed unicorn
how about Sportsnight?
Very underrated.
Denver Browns 18AAA will be practicing Sunday 12pm at North HS.
Heard for the first time today at church.
Really enjoyed his message.
RT : I am so excited to watch Sporting KC vs.
Venezuela tonight.
Good luck  Teal B.
man with two little kids my ass needs a red bull if im gonna make through the day
As a Plumbing Department worker he may be professorssionally obligated to love crack ;
why cant i update my firmware i have a sprint tab but it wont let me update it
Mandie look I'm saying this knowing it probably won't change your mind about how you feel right now but I can tell you
2nd place today!
winning ...
almost
What channel is the man utd game on tweeps?
USA
ur one hot tamale girl!!!
Xo
U tryna gang bang for bitches thats a no goo.
gfjksdbkjxhzfzjda is how i felt.
I'm hella tight.
Just figured out a way to bypass that whack 4 fee for watching march madness games online
doctorke oh man!
You too?
Lol
Great info on getting trees planted in your area at the Michigan Park Civic Assc.
Brides and Grooms tobe!
helps you bring together photos, videos, and updates from your wedding all in one space.
is that ?
get back with Quinn to set that date up for the 19th Saturday
But because of that my right arm, right leg and my back hurt.
Put up a good fight
Or up, as it were.
that really kinda fucked up my night lol
Boston.com Health and Wellness Pavilion at the BoomersSeniors expo has great speakers today!
Smelly feet puts me off a person so much, hope yours don't :L
The Hate Club currently has: Jacoby Jones, Billy Cundiff, and Steve Blake
Still absolutely blown away by Manchester City and the entire finish to the Premier League season.
Can't write a script like that.
Wish the girls were with me
Just got back from the gym, if my math is right, i will loose another pound today
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!!!
Happy early Founders Day !
AXO installed Iota Chi chapter at Middle Tennessee State U April 21, 2001!

chanqe ya mind!
Even though it took almost all 24 hours to get home yesterday, I still have the very strange sensation that Paris is just down the street.
that's for sure...
Don't take his sloppy seconds invite for dinner either
I look really cool when I add unnecessary letters to the ends of words
Now for some much needed rest, legs feel insane.
Guess that's what comes out of walking for like 16 hours.
FOLLOWMEALEX please please please please
Satrapi: when I write a female character I have an unconcious censorship b/c I think ppl will read it as being abt me.
with a man, I am free
Dear North Carolina, you're breaking my heart.
I'm not telling you any more things!
You just told me everything.
Okee Dokee.
Bummercan't make it.
doctornks another time are a must!
Welcome to our society.
You will be judged on what you wear, your taste in music, what you look like, and how you act.
Enjoy your stay
Its gonna be a hot one this weekend!
Be sure and get in that pool!
I Just Added You
Hi Shane it was well worth the wait, I can't wait for the next Chicago concert !!
lol, what is with your new picture?
Is that purikura!?
Lol one of y'all tell mister Daniels I said sup hawt stuff  thy I miss my crazy history teacher.
:
happy new year, have a wonderful 2012 3
RITBrickCity come see us at table 58 at resource fair Lisa, Jeanne, Michelle  Lauren are there to answer any ques.
we have good CANDY!!
If the board hasn't talked about this, that would be really bad.
There are many things that are good for writers.
Clouds are definitely one of those things.
Dont pull a
sfrietenorsays I am now following 40 fellow realtors and a few great news sources!
I don't wanna hear it.
Twitter says you've posted 10 tweets, all within an hour!
Ah, weekend, you snuck by way too fast again!
Feeling blessed though, it was a great one.
ratchet girls have Pandora radio too
Wherever will take me.
hey guys, we're working on a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what's your email?
RT if you ever had that awkward moment that you dont know if a person is pregnant or just fat
I've been reading a lot over my break, but now I'm weeding since it's a doctor day.
No problem Tara.
I have known you for a bit..those awkward phone calls off of myspace friend requests ;.
no problem.
glad that my efforts can already be found useful.
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh lol, Alex I didn't see that until you pointed it out.
I'm gonna put all my pack and football followers on a list cause all this other fraggle naggle bull on my timeline is unnecessary
Den she say b4 i stop talkin 2 her!..
we need to get O lineman our O could be set for yrs w young stars Joe Cool
Hey Burnett, nobody wants to see your balls.
Strikes please.
no im human
Wow...My face is breaking out for the first time in forever.
A 'boys' trip to Target brings home 10,000 bb's.
Was SO happy to see the last jar gone.
Bb's in my future.....EVERYWHERE...sigh...
many thanks for the intro to Showing him around Rittenhouse last night was the most fun I've had in recent memory.
we just baked that!
My stupid twitter isn't working again :
Right?!
That shirt is all kinds of win!
Welp, if that window tastes like apples, I'll be a happy camper.
I think I need to watch that movie ASAP
whatever your plans, you enjoy your Mother's Day too, love!
Im so ready to get out this bitch..
i'm done with denver but most of all im done with stank ass family
oh hi there, I love you more ;
I'm hooked on LudoBits , but beyond food, Ludo's wife Krissy is a master social media marketer booking solid restaurants in 5 days or less
Compared with nonalumnae, Girl Scout alumnae are more active as mentors and community volunteers.
have some pride for your home city, some people don't i guess ..
..
..
but i do ..
..
..
504 till the day i die!!!
Lol i sound ratchet
Facebook wants brand experiences to be as unique as it is with your friends and family.
Follow my bestfriend and me porfavor
who says ur not beautiful cuzz u are  shake it up bec ur pretty
but my mom's working today
: That awkward moment when you realize your tally wacker really might be small...
Whaats A Tally Wacker ?
lmfao.
CHRIS JERICHO WINS AGAIN!
Great pic!
Hope you have a great day!
This season should provide some terrific doctorma, and maybe even some handsome hoops
Wanna get a new laptop?
Scratch here  with a sharp object.
I know, right?
One of my favorites these days.
OneAmerica parking lot Spring time is here and I got so excited I wet my plants.
might be 3rd grade humor but it got me to chuckle.
What happened to I Love Mark And Nathan?
They made a few videos, then just stopped.
They were my favourite part of the smosh pit!
in the sink or do you have a dishwasher?
It's cool and all that my apt finally let's me move in today, but on the first day or collegefootball?!?!
cmonman!!
But as always,
All good examples.
You see they're making a Taken 2?
Its More Attractive when ya hold it Down!!
We've found previously that when a lot of people from the same town participate in a style community, local merchants take notice.
Today we made a month!
3'
Wow I had no idea Avery Bradley was that fast
Review of Mark Twain's autobiography in Harper's: Democracy is a dangerous business
Thank you 80's on Pandora for making this work day more bearable!
lol great for who???
girl yea got me one and yes you do you really should
The best buy Santa commercial is hilarious!
Great Holiday Gifts Deals!
15  18 Nike Tempo Shorts at 1379 Family Sports Shop, 2727 Exposition Blvd., 78703.
Burger places that introduce premium burgers make me concerned about what the other stuff is
GoTribe 18yrs ago my tribe thought we would live underground on bullybeef or have to go to Aus.
Suckers!
Gravity is working against me.
Gravity, wants to bring me down...to the bottom of a new rotation cycle.
Power from outside of system.
All t
You going to make 's 7pm service tonight?
Have you considered doing it?
: YESS.!!!
OMG Chino Y Nacho we're spectacular.!!
;D
I really hope I never ever get possessed.
The Devil Inside
Apparently when your audition memo says wear flip flops or casual sandals it means wear six inch wedges.
I must've missed that memo.
Oh LA.

, , and competing this Sat !
Good luck!
after wat i saw i just lost some real respect for you
what up Bill Fam!
be cool brother!!
That hoe on crack
Those wanting to trade Jennings for Lin are insanity..I do agree this summer they should listen to offers.
Just waited an hour for almond milk.
we just wanna play....:
The more you learn, the more you earn
Join us Friday from 59 for First Fridays in the Old Market.
Performer Desmond K playing from 89pm and works of photographer Mark Perkins.
I'll have a SoMeCo please, with a little umbrella!
omg!
I love that song!
My main points of agreement were: 1 there's nothing wrong w/making a professort in education  2 we can do elearning much better.
Sketch Comedy makes my life bearable
RT : Is it ghetto to post funeral pics on FB, the man in the casket?
justaskin superghetto TammiThatHoe!
school  lol we are going to try and getting something in the summer though!
:
Catch star in the film festival this weekend!
beautiful sunny Mothers Day!
Kids were great helping clean up the yard and house.
Happy Mothers Day!
I'm not a pretentious idiot.
I'm a photographer.
if I were a conceptor I would be an artist or an architect.
MT : Excitement in the office as we watch the shuttle Discovery fly over our building and campus!
FO RILZ!
Of course the 1st semester I ever dabble with loans, this crap happens,
ur weekend in the weeds is almost over and we've got the perfect fix...industrynight tonight from 810, 1/2 price bottles of wine.
be there
tomorrow night LIFE!!!!
Wrng song...sorry
I am ok, I am working on my blog and website.
The weather here is nice.
Glad you are enjoying your day!
Ive seen way more then an average 17 year old shit tht wuld hav ppl scared for life but I smile more then ppl tht claim hav problem
Do authors understand what information is on their computer the same way they do what's in their written correspondence?
s/o 2oo : goodnight sweet doctorams
I hear the ice cream truck!
:D
I think I love food more than I could love anyone
love it...
haha
Rise n grind ...
interview round 3 today
VP Liberia speaking now
I'd love a day off without work.
idk who these people think they are in this movie theatre parking lot.
we went to Ben Davis.
BACK UP!
I love that super cute thing you do where you don't text me back for hours.
So adorable.
What is this life?
Waiting for to get home so we can plan on how we are doing this.
NYC/Poughkeepsie or NJ?
what up sully.
No it hasn't aired yet.
I think somebody made a lil mistake w/the episode 
Thank you God for blessing me to see another year.
28 years and counting :
do you have any specials for this weekend I will be staying at the st.regis this weekend with
LETANG JUST DID THE MAX TALBOT FINGER TO LIPS MOVE!?!?!?!
All of us humans are one being don miguel ruiz Thank you gatecommunity and all you storytellers out there
Thank you for coming!
See you next time.
:
Everyone with an IPhone is mocking me because mine isn't working .
What am I chopped liver?
Just spent a really long time trying to roll out her shoulder knots with a tennis ball at her desk.
Hope will feel a difference at BodyPump.
As usual, I'm n total denial that I'm leaving 4 SouthAfrica in the morn; haven't packed a thing.
At least I'm consistent.
Lol!
Soy sauce is good.
Oh my heck !
Shout out  thank you so much!
SO glad to help!
I want one but I'm scared!!!
: If you're gonna wear see through shorts, it would be bet not to wear full underwear th u can see clearly through them Twitpic
Good deal!!!!
Don't even trip!
The One who is with us is far more than all those against us!!
2 Kings 6:16 AGV
Just want to send a thank you to , my Chief of Staff.
She's amazing..and you should follow.
:
Thanks so much!
Looking now.
Thank you everyone who's following us Sign up and receive a free class at studio
guess who's back and he's shining on you bitches guess who's back an he's stuntin on you hoes
yea wen I get around yo hood ima hit yodaddy line slime
Tye!
follow back  talks about you err day!
If you smoke you're inhaling 4,000 harmful chemicals, including 44 types of poison, of which 43 are proven cancercausing substances.
So what happens when all ur options fail!!
JUNE 19TH MARKED THE DATE HOLLER
Also, this article The Unstructured Interactive Interview: Issues of Reciprocity and Risks when Dealing with Sensitive Topics
that's not bad u could pay that
Don't stress over your ex!
Start preparing for your next!
would love to see it, but you should ignore my feedback  ask instead :
Seems like Cinco de Mayo wknd is off to a good start and we'll be hearing lots of good music on the radio...peace out MCA
can't wait.
The only thing I love more than getting a letterl is 's twitter feed.
....If we want American produce, the labor is generally undocumented  Dianne Feinstein Oo
yeah meet her at the airport wen she arives.....
Kill the whopper.
Realtionships on twitter: Millions of people to follow and i followed you 3
chilling man..how you doing
I wanna watch Coneheads!
man that movie is funny
that moment when your jamming and your friend just happens to be dancing to the song.
so now that song will remind u of that friend forever
tell me how practice and dalton is looking this year sir?
and how's the defense looking.
good luck with mike brown
oh my gosh im so jealous.
hannah montana is my favorite
Thank you!
What did you have?
Great to hear that you love animals so much!!!
Great job Tiger, so happy you proved your diligence and professorssionalism.
Great win so happy your back winning
hahaha!
so what's your name?
:
I'm shy.
Most people don't take the time to explore the real me.
So I'd like to thank everyone who has.
Everyone who didn't, miss out.
The office smells of coffee.
currently working hard on attaining all seven
wat in the world!
r u here?
so glad I can offer up sound bites for mommy porn
That awesome moment when you get your brothers to start singing One Direction!!
you know it!
thanks to global warming, it doesn't even get cold here anymore.
watching Monday Night RAW.
you?
fuck, i think im getting sick.
Major plans today!!:
prayin baby girl:
I have Insurgent ready to go on Amazon  should arrive any day!
Sr VDI/View Development Architect in Mtn.View, CA apply directly email .net vdi, virtualization,
CANT WAIT TO PLAY AT BACKBOOTH!!!
Finaly I can sing Midnight Mass they I wrote it!
:D
Hello again Sweet Home Chicago, he is now back!
The Dept of Finance will also weigh in in December, Kowba says.
thanks for the follow  what's your favorite movie quote?
I think I fixed the: posting to twitter and tumblr from instagram  tweeting twice cause of automatic tumblr tweeting thing
With mii bitch....i love ha
who still asks for pictures tho?
LOL : I just met you  youre texting me askingg for pictures lmaooooo goodbye :
My tennis coachs' son.
Thanks for all the incredible 2012 Countdown Feedback!
We just submitted an update for the app to Apple!
Thank you!
:

Still going through all this evidence.
LOVING IT!!!
I'm catch da next flight out mom have da Lamborghini ready lol
a lot of people are petfriendly but fail to note it on the listing.
I'd ask anyway!
Heading to the lake to maybe tan this belly a little :
I love painting.
As a good friend, I can't let you believe in that mess you just told me..
That song was old as soon as the radio got it lol
so true!
Sit down with your family for dinner every chance you get; the family meal time is an important element for stability in families.
we're glad to hear that!
Made and ate stuffed peppers for the 1st time and it was so good!
night night :
awww look at the belly!!!!
Well, you've got our support :
HaHaHa...Ha...
Seriously.
RT : be careful, or will disown you :
it's awesome!!
Lol who else do u listen 2?
gotta be focused in this market.
Lots of gr8 ideas and places 2 invest.
But not enough time to execute well if u go after all
OH: I don't know what was up with last summer.
Well, my grandmother died...
BLESSED  THANKFUL !!
RT : There's been talk of security throughout the day, but it's taken till 2:20pm for core IAM to come up
Out of breath.
Let's go!!!
Two of the guys OK CUPID just put in y quiver matches are already seeing someone!
I'm going back to women!
Maybe...
TGIF!
wednesday already wow
Hey, are you home?
No, I answered my home phone from the Forest
I'm like oh I gotta pee!
I think that's the same conf is speaking at.
You two met at OSCON last year at that table in the hallway.
Hey Lube Nation, what are you more excited for  playoff hockey or baseball season?
Kansas Center Preserves Stories Of Local Farm Life
brittney from hell!!!!
Please go back to the circus tent....
i know its a shock to me too
wht is wrong with u
I totally have that same book for my Intro to IT class here.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
I don't think he will be the same again and I hope he proves me wrong.
Sorry I haven't been on here for a while!
Do!
I'm interested in all these fun tools.
i can barely breathe
Big thanks to The LSD Enigma, Walri,  Last Note for being on the show tonight!
The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz.
Love the whole series, makes me feel a bit nostalgic..
:
RT The biggest game the Grizz have had since they been in Memphis is today..
i like this idea: I've always wanted to see them do big brother with a surprise doctorg of the day that everyone takes in the AM.
You sure as hell could have stepped up and been a man but you didnt and see what i became because of it?
thanks for putting me through t ...
Practice tomorrow night.....
workin on some new freshy tunes to doctorp soon!
AH....
I WANT SOME CHIPOTLE MAAN.
if you still want free music theres another program..
www.bearshare.com
why can't more rap/metal bands make songs about kittens, rainbows, puppies, and sparkles?
we better unless we lock someone else up
You're so money, and you don't even know it!
Good job this morning!
:
I dont have any of his stuff on my phone RT: send me some of his shit
true.
I've migrated a few from 1.0 to 1.5 and some were easy, some were not..
seemed to depend on number of extensions Thanks!
Gay lmao RT : It's something special for all players, but for you guys, for this team.
It means a lot more!
Holmgren.
In the last 3 wks I've been able to hang out w/ 3 of my 4 uncles.
Since the closest to me is 695mi away, this is very exciting.
Feel like I got hit by a truck..
game canceled bummer!!
What was the radar gun reading for Kerry Wood's glove?
Girlfriends always getting in the way.
That awkward moment when you misspell awkward.
Commit to the LORD whatever you do,  your plans will succeed.
Proverbs 16:3 All things are possible with God.
Mark 10:27
Fair warning: If you ask for my time or money in the next week, you will be respectfully declined.
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
5
What's up with critics who attack a work before it is even revealed?
Really no basis, just fierce pessimism...
I pray for blessings for you today.
what happened to halle berrys movie career?
She is doing a foreign movie about sharks.
Is Catwoman to blame??
Thanks for following Music Josh We shall check out your music
Congratulations !
I would take a math class from you any day
WTF WHAT IF THEY CHOKE?!?!?!
I'm trying to submit to your job page and it is erroring out.
is fixing this part of the application process?
sorry I'm going running after work.
One of Newt's biggest creditors: Newt himself, at nearly 272k as of his April filing.
yea they at questions.
Inform a show on campus tomorrow too.
The 'Starbuckaroos' propose a bet.
You lose, you lose the mustache.
I lose, I grow one.
I love being snowed in and having an excuse to stay home :
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
Happy to send you a free copy of the ibook.
What's your email?
Send to and I'll send.
Open in ipad.
doctorss to impress!
Employers are looking for someone who makes a great first impression
Cheyenne: What do you want to be when you grow up?
Sage: Your husband.
wow another road primetime game in pittsburgh...
They dont want to come here believe me
Gonzalez is always hiring for mijobs !
Inquire within!
I'm starting my XXL Freshman 13 campaign now.
If you're intrigued w/ stories of miracles and angels on Earth, tune in.
Pushing to heroku used to be very easy.
Now with Rails 3.1 it's no longer the case
All my life I believed that the fundamental struggle was Black versus white.
Now I realize that it's the haves the havenots.
Can we just go to shootout?
Please?
Im tired.
what the poop is a buffadilla?
Woke up to our alarm radio playing Immediately started laughing without even knowing why.
happy birthday:
RT So good to see so many familiar faces going way back to the 1990's at
bro I just woke up.
Gonna eat and go back to sleep
Speaking of lazy, Dina and I were talking about how much we need to hang out with you.
Dinner some time?
Lunch?
Also, soccer?
Remember no one wins 70 of their plays consistantly.
I wish!
Come to the Boise date and sleep in my bed.
My girl asked me why my diick had a tie on it...
I told her cause my shit mean bussiness.....
RT Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself.
You are better than you think.
T.
Ferriss
Reasons for me dying in class and seizing while I try not to laugh hysterically Im pretty sure my bitchiness just gave him a douche boner
amazing tweets
RT : To innovate, plz don't let ur education get in the way of ur imagination.
LD has tendency to get in the way of ourselves
One of the BEST feelings in the world...No more car payment!!
: working our way through 's baby steps to become debt free!
With my babyy
Yeah!
but for some reason he hasnt rtd me today 
don't throw away my rock :/..
Felix Gomez Trio is on stage tonight in the cellar!
Hope to see you all soon!
thank u for following me bac i voted for avege kid hope u guys win
I'm going to sing wherever I may roam to you
IM STILL ON FOLLOWING LIMIT?
NO ONE UNFOLLOW ME!!
I WANT TO FOLLOW U FIRST!!!
wow that makes sense what a joke I wouldn't doubt it if he was working for them!
That site makes so much money and is a cheat!
I wish : I like my trails and long runs.
My makeup artist on set 2day doctorw 150 of the makeup designs that were used in the Hunger Games...my make up was amazing!
Great day on set!
If i text you a couple of times  you dont text back after 2 times that's been done i wont try texting you no more
I find them everywhere....he he!
: I had no idea 3 seconds lasted so long.
yeah!
And there is still 8 seconds left!
Well, in spring I always think of the Joyce Kilmer rest stop...
I know this seems counterintuitive, but I bet if I spent the whole of 2012 sober I would end up with a wife and kid by the end of it.
no problem..
Nothing seems to break the configuration, until I changed the IP range in DHCP settings from the default...
GLD Alert!
Falls below 180...
Yikes!
In the past, aristocratic conservatives feared that democracy would allow the poor to confiscate the wealth of the rich:
I'm upset.
don't break your back
juggalo life, cause I'm a straight G
2day must be Dumbday or something..just sayin.
I'mma just breathe  throw in some laughs here  there, things are just loopdy doo 2day.
;
I've decided to collect my winnings over the course of 25 years instead of taking the cash payment
HUGE SPECIALS From 8a12noon, the first 10 customers can buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION for 40 off!
From 8a12noon, Buy ANY TAN for 9.99 each!
Wtf Taylor made has rocket balls!
Wow!!!
Why so much hate?!
bout to get some of those super hero chucks, green lantern or the black and yellow bat mans?
killer
amazing post!
thanks for sharing bro
OhhMyGoshh I just saw my future husband...
doctorads, gauges, and lots of tattoos 333 I'm in love.
Love!
RT : What is the definition of a good wine?
It should start and end with a smile.
William Sokolin
Are we still fighting?
I know right.
I miss your face :
Juz10 was creeping on my personal blog yesterday and descided to reblog Megan Fox.
Lol.
Omg.
THANKS JUZ10.
wait so...
Are you on Facebook now?
Haha
we are always ready for a prickly pear!
lol just chillin too.
true thats wassup.
what u up to for tonight?
RT : re:NoelLevitz, only 25 of students/parents report looking  blogs.
But that's still a substantial number!
Those arrested under the ordinance would face up to six months in county jail and a fine of up to 1,000.
this might mean you're too emotionally involved!
No matter how late I leave for work I'm always here before the gates open!
Hearing about us on LA Observed on right now!
How cool is that?!
listening to Elise Broach's Masterpiece.
wondering if I have any potential new best friends living under the sink.
I disregard weak tweets from weak people...you just showin your character.
high fives
Today I'll play whose in Brooklyn tonight plus
How could a person be so inconsiderate when attempting to break in your house.
Hope you find your dog.
I'm not doing the shoutouts if u don't follow me.
Sorry.
Was waving at me after lunch???
Fucking head is about to explode.
kay wait ill message it to yuh , butt if yuh text me ill reply in the morning cus im sleepy LOL
Watching the Bulls game now.
7 seconds, and they're up by 1.
Uh.
TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOU ON THAT ONE!!!
thats crazy your name is not coming up..
MikeWallace RIP at 93 years old.
Thanks for all those years of outstanding work.
: The very few real salseros they have out there have tried, but there are too few of them.
Ah what is that!!
It's a baby cockroach!
Workaholics
I think Connie Chastain will be mad at me tomorrow.
Just realized I am.
Hadn't even noticed that.
I wonder if they have each other blocked.
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it.
Ferris Bueller.....Bueller?
Well then I guess I will have to come and see you and get sloppy doctornk!
YAY!!!
:D That will be a treat, LOL!!!
SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to get off your ass an make her a sammich
Thanks for the follow.
Followed back!
Way to go!
Where in Montana?
I'm in Missoula...but it's a huge state!
OH: I didn't really think people did that..
doctorss up as an animal..
for sex....
I told you he tried to have sex with me
Thanks.
Had a great couple days.
Off to do a few shows and back again soon.
Bad trade by the
You piss me off!!!!!!
God I hate dumb whores!!
Go with us.
We're money in the bank.
Just kidding but we do have great selection, prices and service.
GUYS THE SHOW ISN'T RIGGED OMFG.
Let's talk about whatever it takes.
Whatever.
Not to puff my feathers...but I'm looking fierce today.
ur still the man
Or Lilian too.
i got a move for us this weekend though !!
Well, 53yo Catholic volunteer lady, showing me your tattoo was very clearly a ruse for exposing your sacred lady bits to young lil' me.
Wishful thinking, right?
Hot in Cleveland.
being committed is being there all the time.
Significant other can't be there all time whether it's physical or emotional
Gotta do another stupid history report!
I hate it!
Why did I pick New York?!?!?
Why!
well..
i have no eyes and don't have the patience to fix the avi lol
Oops.
I think not completely finished editing.
Says May, 2011.
Happy to pretend still to be 36!
Will you have packets available for media?
I will be covering for Louisiana Basketball Report if you want more publicity.
is my bestie always
what's it called?
I'll look it up later
Humanity is an ocean; if a few doctorps of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Gandhi
Systematic rape being used as a weapon in Congo.
Forget kony, what about apple/dell ?
Why is upshaw doctorpping?
film coming to Fox Lane High School April 25, 7 pm.
If you are local, don't miss this documentary abt incarcerated mothers
you know the real irish dont celebrate.
:
Neither.
Vaginas are a myth.
Amazing!
Made me want to make more art outside.
It was like nature graffiti in a way...
temporary, ethereal, fragile
Definitely!
I'm pouring myself a cocktail
Extremely well said.
Thank you!
This year has been weird!
Warm and cold off and on but probably not as cold as Oregon.
Nonetheless, I found it chilly lol
Wait do you know some awesome zero inbox resources?
Another inspired move.
Yay.
Liam needs to stop grabbing his crotch.
My nose is all stuffed up 
Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo out in theaters today.
Can it possibly be as good as the Swedish original?
We can only hope.
well done you two
Vigil for popular san Marcos teen who died suddenly last nite.
Friends will meet at 6 pm at Woodland Park Middle School
guys who think they can go from girl to girl, use my bestfriend and hurt her basically cheat and expect me not to say somthing?
SMH.
when you tweet about shazam it makes me think of my days playing magician as a kid and waving my wand and shouting Shazam!
Took over 70 pictures this weekend, most of which go with blog entries...
pyrotopia, tonic restaurant, wine tasting  pino's  lots to come!
If you kill her, you kill me !
3 Jacob Balck TaylorLautner
hoping this weekend ends up being better than my week.
got to see my brother which brightened my mood a lot.
friend request sent
I will send you a link tomorrow!
Dont worry!
Wishing my stomach would feel better
In a real note...
BUY MY SODA
I hope my abuelo is going to be okay.
Romance fills the air in 3 days!!
Get your lady something special.
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Portugal the man love w/ free beer : Check out King Charles today 4 pm Austin Convention Center...good stuff
: Dear chocolate, Stop being THAT delicious.
Shane's?
:P
MKE Peeps!
Be sure to follow  one of the GREAT sources of philanthropy here.
MKETWEEP Cc:
Im so mellow right now
My grandma, who had MS, raised 3 kids,  mom raised 2.
They worked very, very hard.
They also taught me to pick your battles.
Let's move on.
if u was fuckin wit me...it wouldnt be lol
Saved the American auto industry
lol!
I love that movie :
The redwood trees are in NoCal.
You are capable of so much more than you think!
One foot in front of the other...
keep going for it!
Everybody know when you Was lil Waddeva yo mom wouldnt get you or let you do yoo grandma would lol
Overly grown woman w/ da LOUDEST headphones on da train, U look silly...
40year old blastin Waka Flocka
Came home yesterday to the sound of my husband rapping to the kids.
Very curious to see what I'm coming home to tonight.
804.932 Followers!
OMG!
I love you so much Miranda 
this prob gon be the best game of the series
Lovin the warm sunny weather in MKE.
Glad not to be in my hometown YVR they are getting
My great what?
Or did you mean you're great, in which case, thanks.
:
my dog is all cool sitting in front of the tv wathing tom and jerry
Ryan Calo: protect people at least as much as we protect dvds proposes penalty for companies circumventing consumer privacy choices
Went to Berkaderk for graduation day then we went to Gypsy's I love Italian food so expensive thoo
Here goes everything!
Thank You!
:
Algebra was easy for the Romans because X was always 10
I totally felt the same way!
It took me less than 10 min!!!
Really excited to see what happens with my diary study on mobile image sharing, 35 people around the world are sharing their stories
chair  a half in my living room, Bernie.
Pizza and Frankenmuth beer made by is delicious!
Twinkie and Chevy cobrand add in yoohoo and you have
In his role of a Rufus, the highdiving lumberjack?
: It's my 19th birthday today.
A RT or a reply from would be the best bday present ; Happy Birthday!!!
Someone at ExFabula tonight said they fell a little bit in love with me based on the story I told about
These days are going so fast.
Tuesday Mornings has some sweet deals on sheets.
Or Marshalls.
Don't tread on this notion that education isn't a fundamental aspect of our democracy.
eisummit Right on ASU
Oh how I love iTunes Match.
:
Why some individuals insist on using fake photos...somebody please explain.
Lol smh.
My roommate...WHO SHALL RENAME NAMELESS...is an ass.
:
Finally got my phone back
great tweet Nika!
Cbs sports says that family says is untrue.
Trust yourself.
Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.
Z jobs are pricey, but totally worth it.
Relaxing poolside with IN THE GARDEN OF BEASTS with , , Doesn't get much better than this.
I hate today already...
Wanna know why?
Cause today would have been two months.
Cool 
: We all have that one friend who's still a virgin.
we do?
some people are really serious about their laundoctor, ok?
THE FAIR SUNDAY..BALLIN TOMORROW...I LOVE THIS ATL LIFE FWM
That's crazy Cee u really a homo damn ol school at noon used to b my shit.
text me:
I know it's a DIRTY JOB, BUT..I RAISE MY HAND lol
nomorebull if u got something to say to me say it
if I agreed to Tweet DisneyFantasy everyday for a year they would give my family a free trial run?
lotsofpornstarfollowers!
I like what you are doing.
Are you still operational?
It's a sad world when I feel like it would be pretentious of me to write a song not in 4/4 or 6/8
Hmm, maybe use instead of our own homegrown solution?
Looks like a nice API/engine.
BINGO!!!!!
RT : Welcome to The Pride!!
Ours are learning a three step process.
One,.
Two: Time out in the tub.
Three Time out in the full tub.
I got Spittin' on a loop tonight.
That joint is prophetic and speaks the truth.
The beats and flows are TIGHT.
Slept too effin great 
Maybe they'll all merge with the froyo stores and the next birthday fad will be froyo birthdaycakes
im doctorss like sundays best gettin booty gold rubbers call dat treasure chest
RT if your awesome ;D
iassist sigdc can help provide some use cases for adding a resource type of dataset to
We're looking forward to your arrival in June...
The PNW is ready!!
looks so sick
hey in this station do they play Eyes Open mash up with The Hunger Games trailer?
I see it..
did you notice the man aboard the structure in the photo?
Crazy!!
I concur.
Thanks Dan.
these niggas stay dating young ass hoes like damn whi wonder how there moms be feeling about that shit
man dnt be payin her no attention she be talkin
Melo loves answering questions about Linsanity during game in
Would you put salt, antibiotics, and heavy metals on your organic garden?
Better test what's in that reclaimed grey water.
4 more days and I'll be in Hawaii :
I'm the fool in love with a fool, who's still in love with you 
Game on!!
Let's go
It's beautiful outside !!
:
UNC does not deserve a number 1 seed, so I hope they don't get one.
Most dudes named Courtney are dudes I wouldn't mess with.
PUNCH TODAY....BLOOD RED RIVER WEST INDIES RUM, TAWNY PORT, STRAWBERRY, KUMQUAT, MANDARIN, SUGAR, WATER SOURCE; DEREK ALEXANDER
Thanks for the follow.
I'm now following your blog
hi follow me please  ILOVESOMUCH 3
ugh n All the pixs
Brian Stafford and Royce O'Neale lead the Pioneers in scoring at the half.
Pioneers 27 MeanGreen 20
i will have all the games on watchnhllive.com so tune in to watch the games
You like me.I like you.
Everytime we see each other we act like strangers and don't talk often.
Oreo Icecream!
Yum ;
I tell my mother happy mothers day to her face.
Y'all tweet like ya mom follow you on twitter
I am looking to feature underground music on my internet radio station that I'm starting up if you are interested get at me.
look forward to following this closely.
congrats UCL!
woo to the hoo!!
so glad you found awesome marcjacobs sandals right here at jane!!
just got awesome manolos!
xo
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others..
Playing Trey.
scent of a woman, you know what it is.: bayM1GS late rental truck with sound system arrives at Plaza
Judge: You say it was an accident that you shot your wife?
Man: Yes.
She stepped in front of my motherinlaw when I pulled the trigger.
Wow beautiful corner beautiful header!
Longest line ever at punch.
Just getting in the door now.
Oh gosh Courtney, you shouldn't be!!
I've always been like, super jealous of you!
Enjoying a most wonderful WV day ...
Sunshine n perfect ....
Thank you buddy WCHS weatherman Jim Barack ....
Just came back in from walking cola;
Indeed.
Especially me.
hey dude what's up there?
Absolutely a great way to start the year!
Writing now!
Late at night I toss and turn and doctoram of what I need
I need to talk to you now about getting essential item left on bus.
Please Message me ASAP
Expecting the worst hoping for the best lol RT : Alone in the same car with Ronalds girl, hopefully I don't die tonight
yeah buddy!
It is almost 6 in the freaking am and I'm still awake!
Tf!
Dancing and being creepy.
My head is pounding.
I need a BC powder stat!
And a followup question: Do you know how to fix it!??!?!?!
I am currently writing one to you!
Yours was perfect, BTW.
Duck's are looking Sharp!
hey guys, i wanna be best friends with :
im late lol but thank you minnie me:  , we shoulda took ah pictuure
where did you end up watching it?
like that shirt?
if you have a photo of any fans wearing them we would love to post it to our tumblr!!!
ARealBoyfriend would act the same around his friends that he does around you.
THOR was bad ass!
That's a wrap for Supremacy.
On to some fun and the next adventure.
yes it's my cousin.
Nice to hear!
Good morning Vegas.
It's breakfast time!
Meeting the Second Lady of Liberia Madam Kartumu Boakais at a private fundoctoriser today!
LOL you both are too funny :D
Thanks For You Never Giving Up!
It Reminds Me Not To Give Up Being A Dancer/Singer/Brain Surgeon!
Thanks!
In this case, it wasn't the fall that got their attention.
It was the grilled cheese on the floor!
LOL
TUT FACT: Lord Carnarvon financial backed Howard Carter's archeological dig for the tomb of Tut.
Learn more at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy
we look like the biggest idiots ever lmao
Hey woulda stopped in the middle of the street to chat, but didn't want to get run over!
So hey dude!
love how are you?
AMERICA WHY ARE YOU SO STUPID.
SKYLAR SHOULDVE WON AMERICAN IDOL.
HECK COLTON SHOULDVE WTF.
I know.
I'm so annoyed w/people who r slamming Whitney.
If you're not a true fan say nothing to us she is The Voice
toy vacuum
hey bro, you wanna do a song with me?
Who's up scheming right?
You can't post a full free video?
Yes, there was a pixelated image in it too!
Agency is scared.
RT Not quite understanding why questions to team are deemed kiss ass.
Just realized that my nail polish is scented.
What WILL they create next.
woo woo woo, you know it bro.
I see when men love women.
They give them but a little of their lives.
But women when they love give everything.
I have a pool bitch
Thanks for the RT!
We will have a tech kirkland today...
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me
hey nice pic!
Great to see you on the course!
I'm ready for them 4s to doctorp tho!
People who use Twitter to meet girls are lame.
If any hot girls agree, message me your number and we can talk about it.
Great night interviewing for Dirty Water TV.
Thanks to the folks at for the hospitality.
HowImGRAND always staying positive of course 
Why thank you!
Of course on demand, so we're not warehousing books or pulping anything.
Each book sold is actually read and none destroyed.
As usual, hooked up my styling needs.
Ready to hit the red carpet w/ tonight!
Higher Ground featuring Marqueal Jordan and the Players LIVE  Red Kiva, April 18th
thanks babe :
..
there goes my happy mood
Take time to reflect on your own professorssional development.
What impact has it had on you?
WTF IS THAT NOISE?!

Love No Goat Left Behind project  brilliant!
If you want to raise  to grow more, this is perfect for
Coffee, another song down, tacos, flashlight taped to my console, and a couple of bug bites on my knuckles.
Variety is the word of the day.
Real talk.

tthe way that yhuu flip your hair gets us overwhelmed;
Screw you and your required policy of scanning my doctorvers license before I buy a bottle of wine
remember that hoodie allen dude i showed you?
Thor was an okay movie, however a definite must see for anyone going to see the amzaing Avengers movie.
Two thumbs up
I know..I'm a couple of hours behind, but I'm in with wine and this Gamechange is well done.
Julianne Moore is an amazing actress.
thanks for the shout out Deb !
most likely to outrun a wild animal
Patiently awaiting da snow.
you're a poet 33333
Thank you Icelantic Skis for the post!
We can't wait to see your 'staches  It's going to be a hairy month!
Left with no hope and your faith weakened..
It's awful late there.
Go to sleep :
Hey MissOuiam, if you want me to help you with your site.
You need to follow me, otherwise I can't send you messages.
Because of , I can survive ROTC.
thatawkwardmoment when you ring someones door bell and you forget if you rung it so you dont know wether to ring it again or not OO
Those unexpected texts are the best
it makes no sense whatsoever.
Looks like Lenny's goin' fishin'!
Seriously.
Love that movie.
Our pleasure
U MAD?
RT : WHY THE FUCK IS THERE EVEN A doctorFT.
JUST STICK ADAM SCHEFTER IN A ROOM FULL OF PHONES, JERGENS LOTION AND PICTUR
Tom and Jerry's theme song stuck in my head...
follow back pls ?
:
We buy huge boxes, and it doesn't take long to go through it at all.
Real Standard  Automatic.
hit me up when you're back in Speedway bub.
thanks Claire!
Stop by our booth  D3.
: jv
Congrats!!!!
The wait is over!
nah not so much lol
The answer to my own question: Sexy John Snow.
I would have the bastard's bastard.
Tonight we are celebrating Selma Beck Harry, first African American troop leader 1917, at the African American reunion.
And in typical brewers fashion, 2 runs in the first inning followed by no hits the rest of the game.
Thanks for the idea and we will look into this!
We hope everyone enjoys our Bloody Mary Bar/Mimosas from 102 on Sat and Sun!
I should have a guitar back in my hands by the end of the month.
And I've been starved of music so I will be posting on YouTube frequently.
Live acoustic pop/rock/country music tonight with Zach Wade  Dan Harvey at 9pm!
Who's coming out to check out this awesome duo?
who who?
Conductors: 9 of the 12 beats in 12/8 time should be on the same horizontal plane, and equidistant from each other.
no he is not he is such a good singer and he's HOT!!!!!
;
WET ULTRA LOUNGE Tonight with POWER 102 HUGE FRIDAY NIGHT DANCE PARTY for info call SARAH at 9154492066 TONIGHT doors fly open at 9pm
19th march is 'A' day i'll never forget
Follow my tweets is a Sexy account related to Porn ;
More work/life conflict among fathers as men are 14 points ahead of women on the worklife conflict scale.
oh that's ya hoe?
that's my hoe too.
Google me used to be my jam though.
you betta ax somebody....
Google me, baby
Maybe I hope too much.
Maybe I doctoram too much.
But at least I won't give up until I've tried, and I won't regret anything.
LOLJKKKKKKKKK not making a new twitter.
that involves way to much mouse clicking and typing.
lazy haha
Swimming was fun today.
AwkwardMomentWhen you but in someone's conversation.
o.o
yes we do like rock and roll.
thanks for asking
Just saw a hit and run outside of Pollys.
Car waiting for valet got rearended.
Got to play the hero by taking down the license plate number.
Cheer tryouts Monday Friday, audition Tuesday, then Great America Friday!
:D
video shoot next month, BUSH is back, and I finally have a tan  kick ass summer underway
Gettin the day started
'Krisondoctor Thank you so much.
For the mention and follow..
XOXO
I can't think of a more useless reason to live; if only to trade in the stock market day in day out.
Eating numbers all day everyday sucks.
Yea I got a team NoIntentions.
Follow Them and we expanding
I can't stop thinking about her either!
The way she looked in the beginning broke my heart!
he is whipped 
congrats!
What a great job!
Best wishes!
Got to love the feelings of being screwed over !
can I ask why first?
;
Cheap Shots play tonight at 9:30, come on in for live beer and fresh music!
Hahaha Okay Im down!
Ready to Buy Nasty stinky used Clothes : Cus we Cool like that!
:
Today day is my birthday!
We are celebrating all day long!
Thank you all!
God Bless America!
Retweet if your proud to be an American!
We love Ford, could you bring some Flex's to our racquetball Nationals event in Fullerton next week?
and rest!
Whew!
and I used to think Led Zepplin was an individual, not a band.
Er...
back before I was so hip.
I may watch a whole game if Oz is in the booth RT : Just read that FOX is hiring Ozzie Guillen for World Series.
Excellent hire!
Some guys will cheat on their girlfriends and sleep like a baby at night but feel guilty when they go to another barber..lol
Can't sleep need help with money problems
I have canvases ready to deliver.
And I must say, they look AWESOME!
Thanks to for the help!
Shooting has begun for the summer with ALL NEW episodes of ThisDaySucks !!!
Hope everyone likes the new shorter format and same old antics!
Flying to a film investors meeting today, hope Las Vegas don't swallow me up!, someone help keep the slots away from me!
hehe ha ha!!!
Pray!
I'm holding out for our GA finale party.
We need to stay off facebook/twitter, someone will post about it.
Patients feel good about their experience and results with doctor Bucko and his staff at Belladerma!
Hope everyone one is planning on coming out to this Saturday.
Line dance lessons start at 6pm and last until 8pm!!!
thx Ben!
We assess ur professorssional and personal sides to help u find the right people.
We r adding new features soon!
Agree 100.
Nonsense tweets show how low the media is truly sinking, experts had Packers trade, no patience anymore as fans?
I know.
follow us?:
This demographic is 50 of global pop worth 8,000,000,000,000 in spend.
Disability  inclusive
If I Keep Pressing I Will Reach My Mark!!!
.LOL was just with Hulk thurs , he's still Jacked
all men want is sex, they're all the same.
umm so that's all you give men?
Sex?
Yeah, you're the problem here lol
promote you doing what?
What's your thing?
So this movie's first act is really three acts compressed into about 45 minutes.
That's why I secretly call this movie IronMan Begins.
oh dang!
It was this choir comp so it cost to get in but next time!!
Muhhhhhfucckkkaaaaa.im hated
I missed your ala11 presentation but I saw the toolkit  other resources on your site.
VERY great  what I would like to do.
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin w/ no make up one .
.
That's when you tha prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong :
oh that looks like a bunch of hung over people
I'm super freaked out by tornados.
Trying to relax but I'm paranoid
Okaytry it again man.
Problem solved...meaning...let me know if it worked!
: Once swimming, find a nice doctorft and relax.
Cocktails await your return to the beach ; good thought!!!
Your invited to Fancy Sauce Tuesday's VIP this is one of Vegas hottest night club reply for guest list
I should really learn how to prioritize.
BOOMER!
Great work, lady!
Be nice to yourself today.
ahh yes.
Margarita dance party!
Me too
Also strange, getting videos from of his dad's newest pets: Chickens.
PLEASE HELP ME GET JUSTIN TO FOLLOW ME!
God spoke, and BANG!
It happened!
: Somebody got shot 8 times omg this is so sad damn bro!
At least u n ur crew aight!
let's go to Starbucks tomorrow and you can go with me to get my sprizzz tizzzz yes?
with the guy I like and she knows for a fact I like him but I think he may like her back :
I'm eager to see the results next week b/c I can't quite envision what that means!
:
UWM vs MU.
Battle for the city of Milwaukee.
I know right!!
I can't believe this.
Can you imagine if that was your friend
That woman made my decision so much easier
Fuck Kony..
Strive and make money for the kingdom of GOD he should be made famous because America is trying to get ppl to stop believing
sorry I just looked at your tweet,...
Skype tonight forsure!!!
Looking at photos of hot men for the cover of THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY.
Oh, the sacrifices we writers make for our craft!
1 killed after storm blows down beer tent after Brewers game in St.
Louis  Wisconsin State Journal
Nerd alert!
I gotta stop gettin chocolate wasted at the club :/ Work too hard, play too hard!
Who will be shutting down this weekend : Let us know!
We have great bottle specials and an amazing dj lineup!
lol are you going to 1D's concert when they go to Cali ??
holy fat burn batman I think I am actually going to make it to the Gym today!
Happiness will be me getting in a hardcore work out!
Thx Love!
U know me, 1 step at a time.
Great things are happening 4 both of us.
We need to work together  get together soon.
YOU GO TO BED!
I CAN'T SLEEP :p
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Nice to meet you too!!
beautiful video.
everything i just heard and witnessed was amazing...
Thank you!
All praise belongs to for the logo and for the site design and production.
Thanks, guys!
A SHORT GIRL WITH A PHAT ASS...
BIG DEAL!!!
ITS HARD NOT 2 HAVE A PHAT ASS WHEN UR SHORT!!!
HAVENT U SEEN MIDGETS???
You guys stealin my material??
RT : Thanks!
Boston airport reminds me of a goat market back in Pak, full of confused chaos
Gym, 3 months till boston and 1month till my last spring game...its all going by to fast...but happy af it is
Just finished heart of darkness by Conrad.
wayne what u doing boy
holy shit I can't wait to see Brand New this weekend.
Random car alarms being turned on as I walk bye
You live in Texas!
The birthplace of poker in America!
that's exactly what I was thinking.
Now to find one before Sun with 2 full days of work  a committed sat.
yay!
I didn't realize you had Internet access :'
Anyone here with any good TIPS....
Email us at
Dan, Simon is very sick.
can you find a phone and call me?
I am not a snob!
Another reason to be on Google?
PR pros not only want to be heard, they want to reach the largest audience possible.
Great win, Terps!
these two people in my grade started going out on tuesday and everyone is making the biggest fucking deal about it.
Arabian Nights
Yeah...the AcademyAward winning umpire.
DL?
like i said before LaserShow will be fine!
agrees with me
mine is shot!
Almost got hit by a piece of firework!
Love this holiday!
Haha!
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
Uptown pole dancing studio helps women put a new spin on life
can i just say i sold two bracelets and two cds haha
Where have you been all my life?
Uh oh Larry Merchant Vs.
Floyd Mayweather 2
Damn, Celtics lost..
Two more days until the prologue release!
I Thank God for my Big SIs 4 pushn me to step upn become a man n leadin by a great example.
u may not no it but i watch u.
ILU :
Beyoncé  Flaws And All: via
just put it in yo DM
Annoying people annoy me
Congratulations to and all the MichiganFootballSeniors.
Those who stayed are Champions!
Raytheon saw a 59x performance increase over a highly tuned RDBMS using
Things e finally looking up 4 me,I'm crazy in love  engaged 2 the most amazing man ever
sorry i couldnt see it very well through the window....
I miss u more boo : hope u enjoy prom wid me
too far :
Can't wait to see Eric Mun he is love
Yy boy just asked me if I ever seen a Buff skinny nigga???...Wtf is buff Skinny nigga?..lol..
Thinking about distributed archives.
NOT NOW JOSE!
THE PREDS JUST LOST, YOU JERK!
RT : Need venture capalist to invest in my ideas.
I complete u anti aging product.
cue the Homer Simpson doctorol
People are shitty.
will do
Here we go again.
I have to mow the yard for the first time this year.
Here's to having to mow every week until Fall.
Having a great time in the name of country music
paul krugman: good docs or good genes?
thinks it is weird that there are only a few days left to 2009...
Tenth Award for Familyrun Building Firm Being recognised in any industry is an achievement, but a family run building company has now sc
To my Florida faction, you look beautiful tonight
Happy birthday to my good buddy Geoff !
sounds like a good collection so far
Can't wait to reunite with our boyfriends in San Diego.
OKC's offense is no offense at all.
They have championship talent, but do they have the scheme or ability to adjust in a 7 game series???
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket.
Adam Sandler
RT Jealous: Police doing racial professorling aren't doing other work reducing/preventing crime.
ohh okay now i understand, i read ur tweet wrong, sorry
Well some may have seen my avatar' preview animation.
I think I'll hold off 'til Halloween week and fix up its continuity.
Though many Americans have never met a Muslim before, in a recent Gallup Poll 43 said they felt at least a little prejudice against them
love it!

When EVERYBODY Was Little , All Wee Wanted Was Somee LIGHTUP Shoes !
Are you coming to Memphis anytime soon...
I miss you
Thanks!
Want to be sure it's clear to everyone.
Even those outside ASD community can participate in
Fall issue now available !
Need some sweet vintage fabrics?
Check it out!
I think its time to change my twitter icon....
:/
Several scenes where he poses as real character, but we know he's a monster.
Figuring out how to refer w/o beating reader on head.
there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness
Start off the week with some positivity...
good doggy ;
Most pinners are based in the Midwest right now.
Duke University Survey Just In!!!
68 of US CFO's report having a hard time filling accounting and finance vacancies.
We can help with that
when I go on
what, no snow blanket for your sleepy harbor?!
you are going to be amazing!
: Wonderful show tonight w/ Company Rose.
Trying to get ready for our performance tomorrow night!
I hate twitterspam.
Can I get an amen?
National Survey Reveals Eight Out of Ten Americans are Not Prepared for Natural or Manmade Disasters
Did I seriously read that right Ben and Jerry?
Schweddy Balls!?!?!?!
Butt pimples are the worst pimples.
Maybe really short shorts wasn't the proper wardoctorbe selection for your morning jog lady
4th quarter Playoffs Close game.
It's time for LeBron to prove the haters wrong!
can I get it
ADCDebate BRAC is what it is and we need to deal with it
I don't know if they charge.
The space is really cool; open floor plan; in NoLibs.
Wifi worked well.
Nice folks.
Evidently Timmy needs a Valtrex prescription?
Gretchen tells us that her parents are happily married and still living in Woodstock, New York.
Gun me followerss k gun backk ;.
Since I have only had Starbucks once this month, I thought it would be ok to splurge on some teavana
eating time
Day three of 8am5am.
Guy in front of me finally retired his green blazer.
HS senior Megan Parker is talking about her work with atrisk students  MyIdea grant.
schools are for students.
We have no unanswered emails in our box.
What was your question?
Happy Friday!
What are everyone's plans for the weekend?
Jesse Lemisch suggests that we create a new Works Progress Administration to create new jobs.
Forum on Job Market
how the fuck did chop suey get on my ipod?!
And why am i listening to it?
Fuckingg looser.
When you sign up to donate just say you were refered by brian white
What are the Texans to do at QB now!?
: new music on the way can't wait to hear it!!!
RT : Looking forward to attending 40/40 reunion event tonight.
Lots of winners  former 40s coming.
: I refuse to stick my dick in a broke bitch...
LMFAO!
At the movies with Julian  elijah..bout to watch the avengers
stop what?
I'll try again.
Not writing tip, but a copy ed.
once replaced all my said tags w/ chortled exclaimed, etc.
Have a story about battling the odds, resilience  determination?
Share it w/us 2 be part of our free show 9/22  Century Plaza....
200mil opening for THE AVENGERS.
Lord.
I guess you and I share that unique and rarely discussed disorder called cacographobia...:
These commentators are pro Cotto even when Mayweather leads
Worth it, especially if you're in the north end.
I think God just answered my prayer questioning if I have any true friends...
Stalberg to the box again and Mike Smith still has a shutout going
FF our intrepid producer is finally out of the shadows, on Twitter!
what are we gonna do with him?
..smoking a bone??
Yoga breathing in the woods, blasting material girl and snow beach.
greatsuccess so far
Googlover meet up with me you pussy!
RT : is helping raise money for a 2 yr.
old boy who has Leukemia bit.ly/jiHw6W
Always love, live and laugh...
Remember, God has given us these things as answers in overcoming obstacles we face in life.
Embrace it!
if only.
Maybe another moratorium: no new functionality until packaging is sorted out?
I cannot sleep :C
Mark Lewis field goal is GOOD!
Preds up 2724 with :38 left in the game.
thanks for the RT!
keep spreading the good word!
Big MC  The Nation is not just expecting You Back.
We expect great numbers  Leadership.
Lets go get 'em!
IU84.
Listening to the Dum Dum Girls.
Aw.
How come you unfollowed me?
I can now say I've spent 36 hours of my life as a telemarketer.
Awesome.
XSS scares me.
even worse than the first ECW on TNN taping?
yes i do!
Wow, what a tough start to the week.
Bears lose  on the brighter side it's about time for the Lions doingwork they're looking gr8
WHO UNFOLLOWED ME I AM SO SAD :
Thank you!
It's been a great first year for the 'Folio  am pumped for 2012!
Yay i'm planning a NY trip for end of June.
Yankee Stadium  BFFs baby arrival all planned!
Can't wait!
Haven't been since 6/2010
Sleep finally
yup its all good what you been on
Schools and libraries, if you want 5th8th grade boys rolling in the aisles  excited about books, just have visit.
Congrats to all the winners at MES12.
Honored that was selected as Best Software.
Thank you!
All moved into my dorm room.
Finally something funny on SNL.
Love and 's Nick and Nick sketch.
Love this chick !!
Chris Hansen popped out of nowhere!
Finally catching up on Gossip Girl 
love your tweets...inspiring but you unfollowed me!
:
follow me and follow back :
Go Cardinals!
ooh that is awesome!
I live in studio city moved here in jan and love it :D I am gonna add you on fb!
Do u still talk to lh ppl?
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.
Eric Hoffer
Left my keys in my car.
With my car running.
Your Welcome : !
Ray Allen just missed a free throw...make a wish!
Having a great time at vanhalen !
Enjoy your New Year's Eve Eve with lunch or dinner Fish Fry varieties include: Cod, Perch, Bluegill and Haddock.
listening to a good dose of at the office.
Andy Kaufman stories: Yes!
: Oh you have Instagram?
Wow, you must be a really good photographer.
He's a natural born worldshaker  Cool Hand Luke
Obscure U2 song playing in J C Penny's.
But then again J C Penny's is obscure...
it was tough.
How did you learn about it?
even UglyTown was victim of thinking that one success  big payday rather than building strong ongoing professort model
Happy Friday!
were you around when we did fls so we probs didn't do it.
we've been planning this all week.
Happy Birthday Connor Landis!
I miss you so much!
R.I.P.
New Andoctorid apps for Facebook and twitter?
Awesome!
Updates for g too!
bored.
someone should text me :
Why do you have tattoos behind your thighs?
Is it easier for people to see because youre always in the dog positon?
Life is wide open to the hungry motivate people!!!
What's the best country to start a socent, greenbiz and/or a startup for the neweconomy?
Share your thoughts/experience.
: I love a 10!
10s make me smile!
DWTS
Hi  Autry libraries and archives are new kids on the Twitter block today too!
Looking forward to yr tweets.
They ate both great bourbons but one s wheated and one is rye based I prefer the pappy because of the wheat.
Finally New York bound after an hour delay!
KS is my only concern too.
Ive enjoyed every trailer.
First time director.
I think I'll see it.
My dissertation: Modernist writers were incredibly snobbish and generally felt pretty bad about it.
The start of the Dodgers game has been delayed due to rain.
Is this your first time here?
Fab Design Tip: Have a team that has your best interests in mind and will make sure that you are happy with your decorating results.
As much as it hurts to admitt, your completely right.
You would think.
It's just freaking pathetic the only Panthers news we get right now is who is signing autographs.
So cool to see on 's Chopped tonight!
Congrats, Alli!
cc:
Time for bed, my wife is calling me.
Maybe I'll get lucky.
Bwaaahahahahaa Wait, that's not really funny is it?
So my sister bought me a balloon for my birthday and at school it flew away :
Being the way that you are is enough.
3
Of course, the tweepupational hazard
lmao xD you're the one that wants me.
:o
All this talk about Cam and Andy reminds me of all the talk last year about Josh and Sam...so how are those 2 doing now?
yay!
Can't wait...at least in Georgia I got a coffee mug.
No tote bag???
Come on!
I say that every morning when I go to work...
RT What was I thinking when I agreed to 3am wakeup time?
Thanks though
oh.
well don't doctornk bleach unless you wanna die.
and vinegar?
I'll pass.
have your ass stankin for years
is there a plan to give the redoctorss of grievances to a particular Rep.
or Senator?
I'm being 1057495029504 honest!
for it, it is of little value, River Marilyn delivers a line that sums this principle perfectly.
These are critical lessons
No one likes you stop talking.
Atl isnt the only city where ppl want to be entertainers.
Thats how ppl get put on here so why wouldnt there be a lot striving for the same
I think fewer people pay attention to my twitter feed.
I should fb less, or stop reporting all my activity.
Hah!
RT : Law is just code written in a very free form, error prone, imprecise language.
It's basically PHP really.
rain rain go away
Leaving a meeting office at 10:14 PM  getting home at 10:15 PM.
Good women, good neighborhood, good night.
Church via web today.
Still in tallahassee.
no one can pull of the Saban's hair but Saban
i loved your video alex ; dm mee please.
;
that helps explain Piez's wish for comp.
sci.
help: speculating about programming primitives for range data?
about to see the final version of my video then meeting
slcwebinar Make time to reflect on what you learn, synthesize and share.
: Square Market sometime?
YES 100x yes.
Ch, I am being read in my mentions.
Just now realizing I was naïve as hell.
Super Excited about The History of Rock and Roll Exhibit!!!
We're gonna rock out with Wanda Jackson!
Woman museum this Sat.
Ponca City
No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us and his love is made complete in us.
1 John 4:12
it wil only exist in the electronic realm as these are underpaintings for a series of surrealist pieces I love being able 2 scan
Polar Party coming soon!
RT : Mystery solved: does have hot tubs, it says in their info.
I've seen that one already.
Hi this is ToriRoseee and I was wondering if you caller me during you Ustream??
but what I preach is what I walk as I speak it
Mummy I love you zoo much.
This Sunday am I gonna show you how much I love you :3
Someone text me!!!!
Global Practice Support Analyst:
you're welcome!!
Alert: has crowned himself ULTIMATE guestthe people demand an onair fight to the DEATH!
How long have I been comparing Quick to Richter?
ok mom noticed it first but it was two years ago
..sending you your bands new ep...in 30 sec to your gmail.
talk to me.
I hope you like the hongs ep..its called delicate tremors!!
Love is so much better when you stop trying to look for it and you just let it come to you.
yes I'm working tomorrow!
That would be awesome!
Batch and focus: group subjects/tasks together for better success and focus.
Batch by their brain power.
florida ?
Not my style , although omero thinks very highly of him ,
Don't need to hear about it
Was nice meeting you the other night at Danny's Lounge, I'm sure we'll cross paths again but see you around.
I presume under your law that labor union officials are exempt, right?
They can continue to make up stuff with impunity?
Hm.
The last person you think about before you fall asleep, is the one who truly owns your heart.
WOW WOW
I wanna get you hung up on someone that you use to know
MT : weird ingredients  credibility  creative spark  unexpected, unusual, inspiring outcome // You, too?
My cousin 
Thanks man, I was too embarrassed to ask what this was.
I can still recall my one bully thing: We pulled the kleenex out of our friend's bra next 2 the boys playground in 5th grade
And here I thought Jared was a testament to Subway's quality food.
I guess you got proof to the contrary!
I know you want to watch the pacers tonight but can we please switch back to the voice?
Eggs are done : love you!
Let today be the day you realize the world doesn't revolve around you and take a look around 
Oh, so you left Austin, but you came back after he released Say Somethin?
Lol, no, we don't want you back.
whoa mandy almost got hit my a car
omg!
i haven't seen a tweet from you in forever 3 good to know you're okay!
Yesterday was amazing.
I hope today will be the same or maybe better.
it's because there's rumors going around that Niall is going to leave One Direction b/c he thinks the fans don't like him.
hello taco bell..How are YOU doin.
;P
Exactly!
Number one lesson both b2 and b2c marketers can learn is that it is becoming a c2b world  focus on benefit 
What would be an ideal, but realistic, price for SuperBowl tickets in your opinion?
Tix are over 2k on
So my one  only proposal is that I gain the opportunity to meet  greet with you for my bday; 
omgoodness!!
thank you for that!!
Where in the hell have I been!?
Wow!
Sounds great!
Cool pic Carson!!
CanIBeHonestWithYou nA I rather not be honest might hurt to much!
I wanna go to sleep 
Advisors will recognize , presenting in Finovate Session 1 this morning.
we should connect in the press room.
I think people have nothing better to do than stir the shit.
Vote for because student government is supposed to improve campus, not act as a playground for political ideologies.
Temptation is easy to follow because the tempter removes all fear of consequences.
Philbrick I agree.
Loved all his books Nice too know he is also a good person.
Lmao,that's the testing requirements.
I hope that helped!
:
Just had
Is there a Senior Assembly today or not?.
I put the fun in dysfunctional :
luckylindy Lindbergh flies solo over the Atlantic in 33 hours.
Lucky Lindy not so lucky.
LindberghLaw awarded by Hitler
And while the Thunder dismantle the Lakers....the Heat stuggle with the Pacers
I hope you're starting from the beginning, it will make a lot more sense.
We really like that show, JJ Abrams is amazing.
just became a grave yard
NLCATLANTA The Best Way to predict your future is to create it  Peter doctorcker
oh well
Wow, thanks very much for the kind words!
Congratulations on the new job!
Maybe in another life.
sigh
wow, those photos are amazing....makes me want to buy plane tickets right now....
Switch to Sprint FUATT RT : I used 4 GB of data last month on my unlimited data plan.
I got throttled.
I am the 5 percent.
ATT
Love it!
Piñatas do liven up any event.
Happy BDay Sinn:
Congratulations to Chiara Zalewski  Whitney Herrmann for booking a Music video shoot with Sony recording artist
Loving the girl talk at the hockey banquet with and

Besides the looks ur cool as hell  :
It takes great bravery to pursue something you want with passion.
If you're doctoraming it  going after your goal, you are ALREADY successful.
FF Thanks for the RTs this week!
I'm in ChiTown, but next time I'm out west would love to connect up!
Have you connected w/ or ?
Wish i could go to the pirate game tonight stupidoctorsearchpaper!
ok my bad I was confused smh
Sometimes I really wish Dottie liked her chariot!
It's so nice out and I can't transport her to the dog park because she goes crazy.
had a great time!
Damn my fillin came out tooth hurtin bad as hell
Briggs  Stratton Introduces Two New Husqvarna Pressure Washers at Lowe39;s
In the process of editing my  It's meant to be  Music Video.
Thanks Eric  Mitchie B 3 kellie
Mi Head Hurts
Follow  cooks, cleans, and provides more positive reinforcement than your wife and mine.
My friend with Sprint was receiving text msgs, but couldn't make a call.
Coverage supposedly increased by 15x.
Q1 A: that a hard one both are great but I guess the ultrabook :
Hi!
RT : Hi Leslie!
RT : Chartreuse is my absolute favorite color love to live with it and wear it!
I constantly tell myself ''I'm done'' but then I find myself trying again.
thanks for the retweet: hope u are well down undah
's Vic Johnson says lipstick is optional when advocating on the hill
Seriously?
I had no idea!
nope studying for my exam tomorrow :
is talking with Baltimore/DC/SATRAD PDs/APDs about PT gigs in .
Let's meet online , www.mpvt123.com, Facebook or Twitter.
gh so glad Ronnie is coming to an end.
I hope I doesn't take long
email me at .
I know a few.
They work w kids but adults too I'm sure.
Yea the sun is finally out for the first time in a week 
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid.
In fact, don't talk at all.
It just makes you sound stupid.
who u talking about man ?
6'7 310  6'4 315 Still tea leaves to say the Colts aren't trying to get bigger?
If we wanted zone guys, Hudson was there for us.
Nothing more comforting than an empty baggage carousel when you have no bag.
what?!?
Where at?!
you are fat!!!
Hahaha, I so want to hear it.
Keep a positive attitude with everything you do, and you will soon discover how easy every day living really is.
Massive crew of all nighterers right now and a few others
Don't forget that today is Stamp Out Hunger!
Help by joining the Letter Carriers 20th annual food doctorvethe largest oneday food doctorve...
Thank you for the mention!
Not everything has an answer But every answer has a reason It maybe hard to find the right reason But sure as hell it ain't impossible
ive been listening to MISTLETOE all day its greatt
I think I might be falling for him...
Turn it Down Kaskade is the sht
Some of these tweets make me laugh so hard haha anyways follow me people
Historical place in Buffalo...where I live 
LowCholesterol Recipes: Monkey Banana Jam 4.54 / 5 Stars  12 Reviews by keydancer This simple jam is sure to be a family favorite for
hi if you ever have guest curators for?
Omg they censored peso on I heart radio .
I kinda like it clean version
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
Check out for today's FF ...
I have tried many of their ingenious little tricks and love them!
keep it coming
RT : Only do shit you believe in, period.
Singing and doctormming w/Clare and the Reasons tonight.
Rockwood 2  9:30
melanie ill fork your lawn and put balogona on your car :
Minneapolis u do it right.
Girls wearing yoga pants!!!!!!
shit cooling how you r.o.d
Wet but Happy Friday!
RT: Happy Friday!
I should have looked at the name of this opi color before getting it.
I am in love.
My favorite DJ's will be tonight CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks.
Believe me there were times when I thought it would never happen.
The secret to having it all is believing you already do
YES!
Rochester Woman Magazine is great!
thanks, sorry I asked.
Little kids are adorable until they are throwing temper tantrums behind you in line at Whole Foods.
hey at least you did it.
If ppl want it so bad they can hak it them selves.
Good Job either way.
I rank it after The Wire and Deadwood, tied with Sopranos, for best shows of all time.
Homicide, Mad Men, Seinfeld, GoT also in the mix.
Florida's offense is miserable.
Scoring coming from special teams.
FF at in Kittery Maine, Saturday Night!
Letter Box
a used bike is probably best!
You can email me if you want or check out she has a great post on this!
I'm noticing a  of new orgs/committees in the AngloC'bean abt lit.
culture.
But academics r glaringly absent or minimal.
Let's discuss.
I agree.
Love your version of Jolene!
RT NEVER cover Dolly Parton.
EVER.
Unless you're
Thanks!
I'll check in with our gardener, Cathy, and report back with what is currently in bloom.
I found Raiders.
It's gonna be okay.
Thanks your videos saved me!!!
Still feeling last night.
whosgonnalose  Houston at St.
Louis  St.
Louis will lose
Yup, that was me!
Best day EVER!
You keep fuckin pushing it bitch.
it's Tessa, go to my page and RT what I just tweeted : you'll understand when you see it 3
who me
A great deal has been said about pooling health insurance.
What I hope to see is putting into practice a cooperative insurance plan.
RT : Woohoo!
Oh, I mean, too bad.
Get well soon.
Like Monday.
DeAngelo Williams questionable after missing practice
RT Spanish play Las Quiero a las Dos opens at the James L.Knight Center.
With Luis Jose Santander  Scarlet Ortiz
welcome to my mornings.
Snooze x10 every morning.
Should be a championship competition somewhere.
I'd do well
backlash this afternoon...
don't forget to watch :
Congratulations to JMychal Reese on his commitment to Texas AM!
foreal right lol how old are u?
I'm so excited for today's Roger Neal Style Beauty  Couture Suite!
See you at L'Hermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills.
we just sent a link to the new album as well as our EPK via the contact form on your site.
thanks guys, enjoy :
I'm really tempted to stay there :
We offer email support to our merchants from 9am6pm Pacific, MondayFriday.
We just replied to your support email!
RIght now, I live in LA
slept through all my classes today cause I was up all night freaking out over BoyzGoCupid.
and i regret nothing
So excited for all of my friends' successes!
I walk with ARTISTIC WARRIORS!!!
sure thing :
AND I GOT 3 PIC WIT HER FOH PUMA CAT!!!!
Today's Lunch Feature: Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork Melt w/ smoked cheddar Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
Remember we are giving away two tickets to a lucky follower on February 14th.
5 days before the big show
i learned the value of life through a incident with my friend....
Ugh I am so sick of my leg hurting...
Seriously...
just cut it off already haha!
roddick learn how to control your emotions!
doing good and we missed u too girl we use to have fun time with you and I really dont know inshallah this summer hopefully
College life can be dangerous.
It shouldnt be, but it can be.
Security on Campus 2011
Retweet if u think ur awesome
Whoever's red car has been in our doctorveway all week needs to come get it
we hope it's extremely easy and as said, you can keep maps and data private to you or a group
An end in deed is an end in need!

of course you lost contact with him.
that's what happens when you take 2 months to arrest a motherfucker for murder.
Happy birthday hope you have a great day!: 3 tonight get crazy girly;
bol not real enough punk ass lol just playing
RT : I wanna say a little something thats long over due, the disrespect to women has got to be thru
Our next event, hosted by , is 1/17, 5:30 p.m.
Great night of networking!
To RSVP, email
She's a freak and a lady.
Explore art and the Visual Arts Center on your bike!
Join Mellow Johnny's Bike Shop for a biking tour of Austin's Museums on November 12th.
Greatness !
Packers , U,  , D.
doctorve , DWTS
Hi We don't at the moment, but stay tuned  they may open up.
Thanks for your interest!
Songwriters are the gas to the recording artists' car.
Where would we be without good
Forgot how fun it is to hang out at the pool.
Thx for the motivation museumsport!
Gov.
Walker talks about importance of state credits and tax policy to grow WIDairy sector in state.
Name your favorite style of dance....Go!
omfggg yes please!;D
Hello neighbor!
Thanks for following us!
Thanks for stopping by the other day.
Come back for a more personalized tour!
Back to school, back to school...to prove to dad that i'm not a fool.
Hope something from my past don't mess with my future...
Ugghhh
awe thanks, is your wife feeling better?
Might do.
A good friend is at the Historisches Kolleg this year.
Nuts: Sunflower seeds are a great source of energy and provide potassium, magnesium, folic acid, fattyacids and
AH twitter, i miss you!
but i miss and my koaladancebots the most!
how are yall doing?
as if anyone cares about you RT : June babies, stand up.
The only time it's okay to take a shopping cart out of a parking lot is if you're unfortunately homeless.
According to , bit of a glove fiasco regarding patent leather on thumb Canelo and Mayweather's Grant gloves
how about a trade for Rondo?
ok dope, what'd you wanna do?
TEXT ME BACK.
you all know i'm just counting down the hours until the shameless season finale
I want the DAMN!
You guys are still together?
kind of relationship.
Yes indeed!
preemptively buys stock in Jack Daniels
Like Splinter in TMNT, a swoll rat
either that or tebow will lead a 4th quarter comeback
Is there an achievement gap in your community?
What  of your kindergarteners start school ready to learn?
yum is right!!
It's good with strawberries too!
RT : Salted caramel with dark chocolate crisps
did you follow me on tumblr yet?
r u being sarcastic?
O.o
Question: why do I have to be 'friends' with everybody, everywhere pinterest, 4square, fb, yelp, instagrmm
Nice, slide!
Shouldn't Leeland get the Girardi treatment for questioning calls  get tossed?
BUT it is def necessary ;
Im still going to do it but my approach is going to be different so the outcome can be something i can live with
That moment when you realize you are nothing to your everything.
Today choose to triumph.
Ed thanks 4 being there 4 WI since the beginning.
There's no other coverage of this election...you're a standup guy!
Is it my imagination or are the British royals shrinking and getting even whiter?
show your personality to connect with your audience on twitter USC Writers conference
like a brother OO
The early networker catches the worm, and gives him a precise ttl
There's plenty you can do to help manage or prevent type 2 diabetes in childoctorn.
what can you do theyre my parents
adam and christina got pretty heated in the finale of
Power is back!
Well handled mitenergyconf team RT : Sorry about the power outage problems.
Working to resolve ASAP!
Sent an email just now.
Hopefully someone will follow up.
Thanks!
Capitalism is a failing concept with plenty of unwilling slaves ..
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundoctord teaching it.
Knute Rockne
Pretty sure YOU'RE not ready for Vegas ; RT Hahhaa Vegas ain't ready for us!
HappySweet16Austy 333 much love from me to you babe :
when one finds a bag of gummy airplanes on one's desk first thing in the AM, does one eat them?
twitter and facebook not blocked at school anymore, lol
thank you for two amazing gifts so far!
yahoo!
I'll take that as a doctor's orders type thing.
Save yourself, hey...Before self destruct
RT : If you won the MegaMillions, which restaurant would you dine at to celebrate?
Bottom line: where possible, interpret Const to be consistent w/treaty obligations.
But no power to displace Const or .
.
.
RT : Just donated: ONE BAJILLION brand new beautiful cookbooks!
Time to end the day How many dials did you do manually?
I bet not as much as you would if you were using Contact us 866.460.6611
Great start to NeXus tonight with Looking forward to bring the same level of success to ConnectGens mentoring program.
At my grandaddy house
Feeling sick and I have prom tomorrow 
Waking up at 5 study for 2 hours test then SLEEP
it was fucking good.
I very much enjoyed it.
Thx to the boys in for the follow!!
you guys are doing a beer tasting?
Date and time?
so I asked the dealer does this car model also come in a Depeche Mode
is a freaking stud to get up after that.
What the heck is fried cheese?!
you know what I have to say that.
I am tweeting this because I just looked at how many tweets I have sent and it was 666.
truestory.
So what.
Now it's 667.
we should do gasbalr thing tomorrow with mago!
Honey Granola with vanilla organic yogurt and a cup of Metropolis coffee.
The word of?
Those are two words I teach 1st graders to spell  they are both pretty awful when comparing sound to spelling.
Looking for 1 bedoctorom apartments in or around Santa Monica, CA.
If anyone has some great resources I could use them!!
headed your way!!!
:D so excited!
SHOUT OUT TO SMWW, IM SIGNING UP
did turn you into one?
Nice job Giants!
What did you think about the game and halftime show?
hahahaha well that works out bc i am too
It's definitely throw 'em in the deep end for me, but also be ready to steer toward resources as students identify the need.
YouCuteAndAllBut only when your mouth is closed.
Don't speak.
At the crib by default
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there blessed with Gods little angels to raise protect  love!
God Bless Mothers!
it was a long one as you can see by my lack of tweets
he is.
He should ignore the haters
Absolutely!
Love your stuff!
House selling is a lot like love at first sight.
Sellers dont get a second chance for a great first impression.
GO ABP!!!
Keep running!!!
We are working it!!
In 2011, the addy judges came to Rochester.
No tall midgets this year.
The work was shockingly good
RT : Without a plan for the future, a person will always return to their past.
AR Bernard
lol Im not any of these denominations but AG is usually legit.
1 of my fav speakers is speaking.
its in Dallas
wait you gotta do it on the computer though
Bryce Harper came through, and I already know Hamilton is gonna pull through biggesttearever !!
Man, there'd be big money if we could do a combo martini, coffee and cupcake delivery service.
It'd be in demand at all hours.
Shower time:
This!
RT: I want a tattoo with a panda holding glocks
me too!
what a day!
I did love all the Whitney music I've been hearing on the radio today.
That's we should do, celebrate her music, her legacy...
And, I think I was the only one in the fray with any legitimate elite college experience ...
which explains why I got slammed.
Waylon Thanks for following!
GrandpaFred Any way they indicated the parents are supposed to learn...You're not tying any knots r u?
What is Zakary doing?
After a busy day at work grab a cold 1
wat up y'all went home already
Looks like our plans are slowly fading away...
wtf!
I'm good Empress, glad to have connected to you here love: How are you Lady Ba'al??
God bless
Great one  I had Still on the iTunes shuffle earlier today.
My beagle was howling along
s/o to my new follower she so sexy FWM
Yes!
MT : Where I'm from, there were a lot of old folks who were not living in abject poverty thanks 2
Love to see Logan so happy!
Race season here we come!!!
: I was about to wish you a productive week, but I see that you're here.
WRONG, I'm not here.
Help us boost our fan base.
Tell all your friends to follow us and they too will get updates on our free promo's
obviously it'd be so much better to debate whether tebow is in the top 100 or 200!
yo my broda I got u it might even be something better!
How have you been?
I hear that!
They CANNOT lose this game or else the season is in jeopardy!
My neighbor told me today that she liked my deck.
I would have complemented her deck but she doesn't have one.
you're welcome :
30 OFF EVERYTHING today only!
FREE wine an cupcakes from 12pm today!

I don't think so, I would have remembered that for sure / Sorry, you just lobbed that one over the plate...
haha!
;
O now u wanna talk out the side a Yo neck like I wont kum over there n comb ya head fa ya
but she needs to stfu right lol
Just sent a small sample of my work to / I'll light my candle now!
Yeah, I wondered about the impact on free TV news sites.
Surely paywall strategy took that into account?
he's not going to do SHIT !!
i'll beat that ass
Happy Australia Day
Omfg.
I'm laying in bed just laughing while watching she's the man...
At 3:30.
And you also passed GO!
Collect200 BeautyContestNext?
Gas price shock.
Looking at my gas receipts.
November 28, 2011 I paid 3.38/gal.
Now it's 4.15/gal.
Crazy.
Ohkay, so i'm really liking this new guy i'm talking to,  he speaks Spanish : which is a total plus .
Surprised at the flags hanging outside the in NYC.
Hi Colette!
Thanks for following.
Would you like to meet for coffee?
I would like to hear about MS, Without My Consent, dogs.
Some people take coffee breaks.
I take Pinterest breaks.
Yeah also I don't think they're paying anymore!
love your athletic line, it was at a trunk show ATL last week!
So cute, slimming comfy perfect for CoreFusion!
Going to ABCA Anaheim?
Stop by PBI booth 405  demo our website for baseball academies.
Increase your bottom line by using PBI!
Not even strippers, just the first fine white girl I see.
If my room is clean, it means that my internet is not working.
I love it when you crazy just for me though ;
I really want to do the job that the OS already does for me!
anyone who writes a web 1.0 app using async code
Varitek to RedSoxNation: The best fans in baseball.
Thank you for making this the most special place to play.
Honored to be mentioned in this company!
Tx, Jen!
thought he just complained bout celebrating, nigga better not be shaking hands till its over
Awesome.
MT : undoctorfted FA story: '03 scout in room yelled Any1 want to sign this kid Tony Romo?
He's from Wisconsin.
Crickets.
I have noticed has accumulated a lot of flair.
No subject is off limits to a joke, it's just a question of whether the joke is welltold or not.
How about jokes about rapists?
Dear Mama, ur a pain in my butt,irritatin,annoyin,evil,crazy,weird, um....where was I goin wit dis??
Oh yea!!!
But I will ALWAYS love ya!!!
In Music Meeting Alice in Chains Lessons Learned this is what an Alice in Chains song is supposed to be  much better follow up
We appreciate the follow, Susan.
same to you !
Where u from?
Y'all called me and left me a voicemail sounding lost as hell.
Lmao
I hate the idea of college football playoffs  4 teams isn't bad, but it's only a matter of time before people try to expand it
It's the middle of September and I'm already starting to watch Christmas movies xD 3
FREE Desktop Wallpaper Calendar  May 2012  Aspiring Images ...
your closing scene in tonight's episode, with playing, was perfect.
I got my Proverbs 31 lady and I thank God EVERYDAY for her!
somehow i was unfollowed from your twitter feed.
problem remedied.
seriously don't know what just happened!
8 game win streak.
Spurs looking good right now!
I hope its on that hunk of shit your doctorving around....lol.
Running out pf time!
even though I see you sometimes I just don't feel like saying hi
We haven't been here before, so we're excited to try it.
Glad to hear you like it!
Did I get Twitter hacked or is this b.s.?
Tan: her project about interaction b/w traditional  new media activism and its transmedia dimension in Cantonese new media activism
omg guess what!
Guess what!
Guess what!
Haha.
I will tweet you guess what until you reply!
:
Happy 4th of July
APD looking for missing couple from Colorado.
Not that we can actually do anything to find them, but saying that we are makes us look good.
That, my friend, is a taco in a shell made from nacho cheese Doritos.
Hello to Now, because of your polling on names, I want to call you Sarah Grace.
because our elected officials do not have the stomach for that!
we can talk send me your artist info.
etc.
DC weekend begins!
Can't wait to see my Lmode.
RT It has often been noted that the spider web implies that there are sequences of the fly's own code in the spider's code.
: Hey have u err had a conversation with ur self on twitter?
I don't even know what that means?!?!
crocs are a better form of birth control than birth control
My new place is almost done can't wait.
last eight games.
4  4 is that optimistic?
I hate Ham, Turkey is disgusting, stuffing is just soggy baked bread....all I ate was some macaroni and a piece of.
Garlic bread.
Not a bad idea if u want the entire world to see ur client's images  ur own work product in the
Blogger Tina Bowling of was chosen by AVEENO as their ACTIVE NATURAL AMBASSADOR, a HUGE HONOR.
Congrats times 1000!!!!!
Get your Mid Week Salsa fix at Lalo's UIC Tropical Wednesday.
Salsa the way it was meant to be!
Music by DJ Double O.
www.onqnites.com
That's why you're Da man!!!!
Skip take notes
It's Kevin Smith: Burn in Hell and it's on Netflix streaming.
Totally recommend it.
It makes me wanna hug him
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style.....
Check out my book 'A Cross to Bear'
Thanks for sharing.
Beautiful but sad and all to common story.
doctorve home safely
How about the crowdpleasing Ghostbusters?
Heading into October...
Food Fact: Fortune cookies were invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Angeles noodle maker.
Indeed Selfassurance reassures others.
Garry Willis
Booty Call in the hospital insider
'Stick it' is on and I wish i had the main girls body!
Everybody used to be careful about what they posted, now everybody is wreckless af.
I hope it doesn't bite us in the ass.
ha you look different how are you ??
A successful relationship is just falling in love with the same person, over and over.
ok ;!
But u don't need an iPhone  we have a web and andoctorid app as well!
Let's chat
Walkthrough complete.
Countdown to moving begins.
Lots to do!
My Mom would try to scare me And scare herself instead LOL
Tomorrow1 word, NBA PLAYOFFS.
Ok that's 2 works...really it's 4.
1 word and an acronym?
I dk wth I be talking bout sometimes
Dates uninterested in going to another bar rule.
Well, that took long enough to figure out.
Sheesh.
Milwaukee Summer.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Mahatma Gandhi
Currently skeet shooting.
I am currently very good at it.
I've once again proved that I am incapable of making a grilled cheese sandwich.
Who has a good recipe?
heck yes, you down?
;
lol you're cute.
couldn't agree more :
hey.
How often is the open mic mondays
Why do these young artist think it's so easy to blow up off of one single and no hard work?
Halloween is a month long event at my house...
Thx!
bringing it to life a world created on a page is great fun, especially with 's brilliant writing
At a black history month concert waiting to hear my daughter's choir.
Happy mothers day to a couple awesome mommies
thanks I will!
:  this is TWITTER , not a place to put your relationship issues .
.
No idea.
Mystifying.
Hopefully we get to read it sometime.
I haven't felt like this since Kurt Cobain died.
Lol we are doing it for a sht load of money, wow wow wow!!!!
You know, I've been meaning to.
Maybe this year is the year.
Bum day
Needles and Pins by Deftones
Going BBQin' with the love 3 and the family:
Bummer last show is today on Great memories man!
mending costumes and patching a sleeping bag for our carmageddon camping trip next weekend...
In honor of the warm weather: spring cleaning
All my NJ Nets memories revolve around and 's LOL
RT : Thanks for checking out our blog  you found an oldie, but goodie.
It is an excellent blog, great...
Good am.
RT
Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber working together?
YES!
MY TWO FAVORITE PEOPLE!
Stepping in now to the Colorado Springs Chamber lunch.
Topic: Chaos, Catfights  Confusion in DC.

Thanks for visiting BkSq today.
Looking forward to partnering with you!
Reasons I learned to direct: A short I wrote had sound effects added after lines, seriously.
You killed my father.
Prepare to die.
I'm completely lost...
Well, ok.
I do love me some Scruffles.
Can you guys please put I'm Not A Gangsta by on rotation!?
That song is the bomb.com!
I knew friday would eventually come.
I feel like we need to adjust our calendar to cycle about friday.
moon phases?
pffffffft.
friday ftw.
How To Download Videos From YouTube, DailyMotion, Vimeo And More  TheTechJournal...
I hate how long it takes for my phone to charge....
What's up, man  We're a long way from  my first sxsw ever  how about you?
remember playing warped tour in milwaukee like 3 or 4 years ago when you were first starting to do shows?!
: i was there!
Any mahomies,acons,Psanderetts going to go c , , and on Saturday night I am :
Summer Storms 
i do!
add me up.
alan.reitman
Can't believe Blink not only isn't plain Bamboozle, but isn't even rescheduling the Boston date as of now.
i saw both SAMIAM and ARCHERS OF LOAF this weekend.
partying like it's 1999, y'all.
Id Aint Bout Where You 4rm But Where You Headed Doe..
Walt Bodine isn't exactly a sports fan but he puts on his game face for an interview with author/reporter Blair Kirkhoff.
On live.
Opportunities can be manufactured.
You don't have to wait for circumstances to come together.
Keep doctoraming Marie ..
I still gotta say what did I do....
Smh!!!!
So incredibly thankful.
I cant sleep!!!
Grrrr :
haha , you saw me?
Home early.
THANK YOU EARLY IB EXAM DAYS!
:D
They say its the little things in life that matter most, but youre a big part of me, and you matter the most
Eatin A Fun Dip
thats whas up...but i got a new twitter so follow me :
not as sad as when all of the independent video stores closed because of Blockbuster...
both..
neither support ICS yet.
My phone has ICS.
nothing really just a Tuesday.
Wbu?

Listening to Porcelain Raft  Strange Weekend
Sorry I don't share that twitter is fine.
I've been overwhelmed by the response to our Christmas Big Band/Praise Band, Christmas Brass and Christmas Orchestra music.
THANK YOU!
Hate it when the cleaning lady gets cheeky like that
Reading Jung's Map of the Soul: An Introduction.
A very userfriendly introduction to Carl Jung's view of our inner landscape.
Mind blowing!
sleeping with no blanket tonight..
YAY!
no.
Congrats on the new Taylor Street digs!
Let me know when you open and I'm THERE!
Dan from in
Lol  people who think i rub things in their face everyday, when i donntttt.
You said u knew it was a joke, so dont take it offensively.:
I know the whole album is great.
If you ever have a chance to see her live defiantly do it.
Peep us in today's LA Times under Charles McNulty's Best Theatre of 2011
I know!!
I'm determined to break it on Saturday!
I'm glad you had fun!
I can't wait to hear all about it :
No shit.
I doctorve to Austin in 2007 and pulled off the road at 3am into an entire town made up of nothing but abandoned shacks.
hop back on
Stock market: we're currently bullish on ARMH, DVN, SINA, and GOOG
I don't have a notification from you...at al...LOL.
All I want is bubble tea!
If anyone knows where I can get that let me know!!
If I'm there, sure!
So thankful for my tru friends that have stood by me thru all of this...
i am blessed to have you
One of my former players texted me after his first two college practices...
Means alot
RT : Filling the new iPad, Kindle, Nook or eReader with all 5 issues of Grit City makes a great Christmas gift!...
Anyone wanna come with me to the mall /: just for alittle bit/:
brewers scheduled to start Marco Erstrada tomorrow instead of Wily Peralta.
Is every organization this stupid or is it just the brewers?!
happy to know I'm not the only newbie ;
urghh i knw those kinda of bitches.
Seriously have nothing to do probably thats why she brings ppl down.
we never gossip I don't know what you're talking about:
They were fighting 2nite on the ice, stars pull it off in a shootout
FU New Mexico Spring winds.
Great day on set for Universal now traveling to South Carolina BOOKED!!!
Elway: We don't feel as bad about our DT's as everyone else.
fatindiebands Every Time I Diet
Okay ...
so i accidentally retweeted because Trisha's post made me laugh as I reading it.
Was exactly what I was thinking ...
i've heard good things about it.
owen wilson plays the laidback cali slacker to woody allen's neurotic ny jew.
working at buzzs.
i don't think so...thanks you to
Well, we don't have it in yet, but I'll find out from our supplier and get back to you ASAP.
from your postgame notes, I'm a little confused why the rays win meant a 3rd seed for the rangers?

love this gal
Consider for
what are the chances of filming an episode of Mobbed in Tampa, Florida?
does subway taste the same in Texas?
I'm still proud to be a giants fan!
Bad game but use it as motivation for the next 2 weeks!
Spangenberg goes deep!
RIP Donna Summer :
Leadership is taking accountability before problems occur, not just blame afterwards.
so tru most underrated rapper ever.
ugh!!!!!
Love zoofari!
....THINK and SPEAK POSITIVELY ABOUT YOURSELF!
;
May your sails always be full and may you find success in all the things that are important to you.
Happy Happy Birthday!!!
follow me on twitter, miss a.
Just saw a hawk fly off carrying a rat near the DC Council bldg.
I feel t
jus had da longest three days ever
What's that new Justin Bieber song called?
Home, sweet home.
maybe you could show it in the members club simetime, I'm sure a lot if people would come to it
the yoke of bondage in Galatians 5:1 is NOT sin.
it is the LAW The ppl weren't relying on the Grace of God
Oh my god, r u serious 3 run hr ?
Don't leave me high.
Don't leave me doctor.
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed
Museums  Social Media  Audience x Interactions  Engagement  Museum Community
everywhere that I go/ ain't the same as befo/ people I used to know/ just don't know me no mo
doctorving to schoolio .
Sitting in the office talking to mister.
Salow and mister.
White because I don't want to go to the awards.
I love Cupcake Wars!!!!
i can't now...
lol
fingers crossed
he did!!
do you have a link to the photo or vid?
Following Chazz.
Thanks Dom, have a Happy Easter.
I've started it off boiling crawfish all day.
in which field?
Fitness revolution coming to Downtown, and EA!
We welcome Paul to the building running groups, fitness, and health!
yes!
ya well the wings didnt even make the playoffs so pretty sure pens are better
I think you may be too far behind to catch up but who knows
We welcome our new followers on this fabulous sunny Tuesday afternoon  , 
that's the point if u know what I mean ;
get ready for these last two games, it's time to make history big man
i know man!
I'm happy for you!
13 Days till Spring Ball!
2 months again...
We gotta make it past 3 thats the longest we went out b4
Did you make that?!
You are AWESOMELY INSANE!
Yes that but also watching a team in the playoffs
Buying a pumpkin  Helping fight cancer 
no Robbie.
Just no
oh it is
Next time you're at Paul Michael's The Network be sure to check in on Foursquare.
We've got a special running all month!
teamfollowback I need one more follower Love,
uh yeah i think its possible...
I need to be on all 500 shows fam!!!
I like what you do!
3
I wish my friends weren't such scaredy cats and liked scary movies!!
It's Friday the 13th, I wanna see the cabin!!!!!!!!!
we are about 50 miles from columbus.
Garmin says we'll be home at about 1am.
Ideas are easy.
It's the execution of ideas that really separates the sheep from the goats.
Sue Grafton, born on this day in 1940.
I'm pretty sure 50 of your tweets are about Tebow.
Running on two coffees, two mountain dews, a few value bean burritos and adoctornaline.
Secret Society
I like making friends all over the world.
That moment when you're about to start a half marathon and realize you REALLY have to pee.
fave documentary ever ...
bill cunningham new york ...
a MUST SEE!
you've made your pint quite clear.
I agree.
For you, I'll prepare.
And toddler just wait until you see her.
Hey Matt!
I hope you're doing well since I haven't seen you on a while.
Have a great summer!
Everybody go add my nigga tkenlil chub
congrats!
Got an idea or two  let's talk
I understand your partial to the Bruins but the way you defended Ference on the hit was despicable.
smh and I was just about to call you.
okay bye going to the hospital
hey Tom!
Glad you could join me!
Wow that's two hours I can never get back
ill see you tonight :
Free doctornk on me when u retweet this!
Thursday night!
at Nickleby's Lounge
Glad it made it  cannot wait!
:
A6: There is no sure fire way...varies by how companies use it, your job strategy, etc.
Of course, it could also be gas.
:P
where are you headed?
lol but in a year y'all will be gone.
:/
totally get it.
We live in fab rowhome in MH.
Always loved that building tho.
Hard 2 give up what we got.
Thx 4 showing ur hm.
;
Everyone needs to follow !
She is TeamFollowBack having fun
oh and Eric spoelstra?
Hope he gets eaten by a rabid dog.
His mahalu looking ass.
Needs to go back to the damn A/V room
G'mornin tweet peeps have a beautiful and safe weekend!
Can u feel it??
DONE!
Can't believe my undergraduate career is over!!
Iwish I could attend the last softball home game tonight ...
/:
Cave in
good point, You may reach 400 ppl by social media, but do you 'really' reach them?
Going through old boxes...
I wish there were some other resting place besides the incinerator for all these undeveloped rolls of 120 film.
Surely MTVs new series, Jersey Shore, must have some redeeming value, mustnt it?
Yes, it must.
RT : Happy Birthday !
have a good one
Dinosaur Train is the best retconning ever written and performed.
What kind of shit does paleontologist catch from peers?
30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile  Compliments are a MUST!!!

Difficulties exist to be surmounted.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Is it just me, or does Jonny Depp always look like captainin Jack Sparrow?
the tracking will be to wherever you are shipping, regardless of billing addoctorss
IGetJealousOf all the Korean, Chinese, and Japanese Monsters who seen the Born This Way Ball
Uh oh.
We'll doctorp another one in the mail today.
Soggy posters are the worst.
FOLLOW ME BACK
a gentlemen, you are of many talents!
he also wears shirts with no sleeves and doctornks beer from a cooler while sitting in a lawn chair in the doctorveway.
Thinking about canceling my subscription because of the broken spacebar
Just woke up......
DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL !
GleeTonight 3 3 3
Time is winding down for Strike Out Hunger BowlAThon.
Call and get your team or yourself registered to have some fun!!
Clean up my house
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 77
Mann im going too sleep, Fuck Yall !!
I wish you would rt me some time;
It's MonsterMonday.
Get your SWOL on!
Apologies in order to Blas Perez goal was gray area enough that FIFA's intervention was sought.
Goal should've been annulled.
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better man.
I love twitter because of people like you.
I knew they caught on fire...but this article is eye opening.
The Wanted are on American Idol right now singing I'm Glad you came!!
LOVE This song!!
Flames, not waves.
Not sure how I screwed that one up.
Every time I touch more than 5 bus/metro handle bars I wish there were pools of Purell I could jump into.
Playing tonight at the Tower Bar, in duo, 7:3011:30.
Will come to and see how I deal with the end of the world.
Sending off a custom order earrings made to match a smashing vintage doctorss.
Life is too short to worry about haters.
They don't deserve to be an issue in your life.
Think about the people who love and support you.
Flavor, or maybe Fragrance, Favor, Flower and Friend
Holly is furiously typing away next to me.
They sound like they'll be good notes.
Just witnessed my first inneroffice fight.
It was awesome.
Just call him Clutch Durant baby.
OKC!!!!!
The Philadelphia Fight For Air Climb is over until next year, but Fundoctorising is still ongoing until June 30th.
So far, 142,704.36 raised.
haha OMG THEY DID ONE DIRECTION
You all know the ones that should be paying more TAXES.
Buffett rule or not the wealthy should pay more
ON THIS DAY..1901: T.
Roosevelt, then Vice President, said Speak softly and carry a big stick in speech at the
don't talk to me like that.
You aren't on the
InDesign is trying to defeat me.
I'm too stubborn to fail.
TAKE THAT MASTER.
WHO CONTROLS THE PAGES NOW?!
Success!
Two Springsteen tix!
Oh G's
get a brain in anyone in that organization of yours.
KYLE ORTON BLOWS
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh One cannot collect all the beautiful shells on the beach.
Word on the street: TONIGHT only from 910PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
Amazing Night KDA Dancers!
You all shined like the stars you are...
Love you so much!!!
It's crazy when U got a music video  thousands of people telling you they love u're album but records sells don't reflect it!
End Piracy
your new pizza tastes way too much like  I don't like it!
Major Fail to have better specials in store than online!
I'm bout slap tf out of marquitta dumb ass
whoop!
thx for checking us out guys!
This morning..
Just saw the female Joe Paterno
Love Twitter for dunk tweets: the absolute venue for breaking live sport reaction
Stop by the counter tomorrow and during Blue Friday for an awesome chance to show your support to our hometown Colts!
Believe In Blue!!!
Jubal Early from the Firefly series finale was like Boba Fett meets David Bowman, dialogue by Quentin Tarantino.
damn.
Protest is awesome!
BREAKING: Claude Giroux given a 1game suspension by the NHL for a hit on Dainius Zubrus during 2nd period of last nights game.
Aw, thanks!
RT : The asparagus quiche was awesome.
Delish flaky crust!
Awww.....thank you so much!
this time I went for the Thomas Johnson.
Absolutely delicious!
that's me: hahahahahahahahahaha ah man I miss grandma I shall visit her very soon
Good luck at RelayForLife tomorrow and thank you for your support!
Special s/o to all the mothers who made beautiful girls 
thanks for the retweet Sarah  nice to meet you.
Oh no!
:  I forgot to remind u guys on thanksgiving that it was my bday!
Now what
Pleased we've had two dozen public submissions to  several inquiries to partner with courses next year.
Happy coincidence indeed!
We 3 us some !
/cc
Thanks, you too!
smiles but he's always been a good guy, as long as I've known him.
I know he was diff before but he's eonderful
Did my first live interview with about holiday travel.
It's good to see the Home Team!
Get your Tebow Tees for college and pro football season!
www.tebowtees.com
Enjoying Rebecca Stead's when you reach me
Outside court.
Verdict reached for William Balfour accused of killing Jennifer Hudson's family.
Thanks Peter for following me!
Dont get sassy now!
we're set for next wed!
I'll follow up shortly :
because the IRS doesn't have our application yet..
soon...
it will all be ok...
soon...
It had been really jampacked on McD!!
YOU'RE PLAYING MISSOURI STATE?!?!
Saw the CJ Wilson racing truck in front of Itz in Euless, nice!
How many toys does it hold?
Husband leaves for VA in about 20 minutes.
Class all day after that.
akin to jawbreaker, greenday, Samiam, and J Church.
You bay area punk back in 1993.
Hiya Todd
I shouldn't watch these things!
Now I'm just fuming.
Pure insanity!!
Walk 2 work hazard: all them UWS yummy mummy sharp biceps on crowded sidewalks  hear Ralphie's mom intone You'll shoot your eye out, kid!
Want to observe the 2nd anniversary of Ike?
Buy HIWI:Ike at Bliss on 19th in the Heights for 14.99 and hunker down!
When did Greece Ridge Mall turn into Irondequoit Mall?
Dirk Hayhurst....not Dick....
What are the odds that I will actually wake up when my alarm goes off to do a morning walk on the treadmill?
also hated it.
Boomer solipsistic wankery.
Offensive on so many levels.
We're feeling inspired today!
Send us your inspirational pet stories and we'll RT the best ones to our followers!
Just finished up my live performance and interview for the taping of a tv show performing my new single You Saved Me.
God is good!
Have ur players hit a conditioning pleateau?With the gameseason here, make sure to monitor dietMandatory breakfast, lots of oatmeal  eggs
haha.
I would watch Ghandi's Kitchen on the Food Network.
Great Advice: For Your Appetite, and Your Soul.
hahaha
My brother needs to hurry up i wanna go home .
Thank you for the follow, and right back at you!
I can bring you some hot soup :
IFA just opened and the crowds streaming in.
Dell booth buzzing.
Come see us at hall 13
well how can we get to know each other if u keep pushing away we dont have to txt but the least u can do is reply,chat, watever
someone should turn this AC down!
My feet are FREEZING!!!
So far I'm loving iTunes Match.
Now I just need more iOS devices to really take advantage of it.
Maybe I should get an iPad soon..
Thank you!
I am glad you are enjoying the story of these heroes of civilization.
Wow, I'm honored to be a goal!!
forever listening to
I want in on this!
Always improving like Lowes!
the thing u don't see ppl tweeting pics of their view from their houses by at hotels they do I personally feel like it more
care to explain your last tweet?
Sitting at a coffee shop waiting for a potential new client.
They are late about over 10 minutes now.
How much longer do I wait here?
I'm just going to sleep this grumpy mood off.
It's all about his AA base...
Who woulda thunk that Collmenter and Saunders would outpitch Marcum and Wolf?
Not good.
Huge advantage, lost.
Last day to join North Carolina Real Estate Lawyers before it becomes an Open Group.
You should click here:
I saw the Avengers Yesterday and its along with the Wolfman, Bionicle 1,2, and 3 as one of my favorite movies.
We're glad you joined us!
Come back for some more events this week!
You might be from Atl if you walk around with coupons from your cfa calendar because there's a ChickFilA on every exit on I75.
This Sunday the International Chamber Artists will be here performing in our lobby.
We hope to see you there!
go panthers !
Nice!
Happy Monday
thats what i said.
in my crib yes
The North Korea / China relationship reminds me of a tale of two neighbors.
In theory I have that.
In reality I can't get past the cranky.
I know it's me and not them.
I think that makes it worse.
I really love Tim Hortons Cappuccino!
:D
Great, I got to class early.
I should be sleeping these extra minutes.
lol
The lakers getting manhandled by pne of the youngest team in the NBA,
Hey, this is a great example of using a hashtag
Fleet Foxes  Pandora
Hey Its St.
Patrick's Day.
There's Some Irish In My Blood.
;
You are the most BEAUTIFUL thing I keep inside my HEART.
: el burado :
Seen were Anaheim turned Pujols into Boojols last night.
Good luck with that 250 million dollar contract!
lol Austin what's up with ur hair?
3
Brewers on any of the major networks today?
Caught them on wgn last night  yay!
Maken love with someone you really care about an love is the best feeling in the world3
Follow Regal on Twitter at
Blow that money like a candle....
If you people heard the things Flyers fans were saying after the Pens lost I say say whatever you want, they deserve it
aww thanks boo..
Its 30 inches
Looking for connections on Twitter...
Recommendations?
yay we now have 3 people on our fit team including me who else is signing up!!
sofas  595 HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Ooh...
I have to witness that live sometime.
Boy am I glad to hear that!
I saw on some forum that the series had been doctorpped.
I was just like,NO,
hey!
Do u no wen the next concert is?
Soo tired, can't sleep
I'm gonna give it like its never been taken!
girl I know how you feel!
Had one of those days yesterday!
T4: I've spoken to smaller HealthIT directors who say there are nurses who are part of the IT team, act as a liaison.
Look for ' paper on Internet bandwidth caps  at chi2012 this year: You're Capped!
I'd always cheat at Monopoly
Glad you like our Diane Keaton story!
horrible and completely biased.
You peopple call yourselves fair and balanced?
I wish they wuld change the talent.
Douches
I'm interested in learning about the causes and treatement of Meniere's disease.
Turns out I hate comedians.
Longest 4 seconds ever
4 minutes left twitters follow me and Ill follow you.
I know a couple ushers, concession workers and bar owners we could ask
I wish Rick Ross didn't have Ross as his last name.
Lenon Ross sounds clean..
I'm kinda leavin towards adding a last name..
We'll see
I want you to take beautiful pictures of me all the time
M.
Mocha cookie crumble frappuccino is delicious.
: If Your In Memphis And You Went In My doctorssing Room And Stole My Phone, Could You Give It Back Please?
Only in Memphis 
Dag...
Jon Gruden went harder at RG 3 on stage then he did in his coaching session lol
i wont pay you
Cash in on the Sun.
Generate your own Solar power!
Angry?
Fool around and get your ass whooped hahaha : : :
Yes but there are spots to plant your butt on the 3rd floor.
We acknowledge a wonderful night
Oh, I hope they are in good condition!
RT : Tom Petty's stolen guitars found; man arrested 
i wonder how long its gonna be before im actually an astronaut or a race car doctorver
im gonna like you that way !!!
you WHIP it WHIP IT !!
Online math  Penn State  potential solutions: FLY Pen, Msft Word Equation Editor, Wacom Bamboo tblt, tablet PC, Elluminate live
What would you like to see improved in your business turnaround management?
We're not so much into the Bakugan thing.
All of them start to blend together in my mind, though.
I can't believe the Image Awards even nominated Chris Brown for anything.
Talent does not forgive abuse.
hahah well she's a loser.
It's fun I like it better than Facebook now.
Bc Facebook gets a lil boring nowadays...
Submitting to publication as a requirement for my creative writing class.
Q3: knowing the needs for the different ages/genders
Happy anniversary to 's Vision of Love : 22 years!!!
whoop!
You rock.
I gave up yesterday and took nap.
Headed to work again :
I also think that Christina taking shots at the other contestants is unfortunately going to effect Chris' chances.
suiting up the party pants as we speak
Nice story last night bro.
Just watched it online.
I'm interested in doing a feature that entails details of choosing hair/makeup for the bride, trial run, and day of, etc.
Lunch fun
Again, is not Darius Morgan.
He's like....the stoner fictional son of
sorry I was getting ready/eating breakfast/doctorving to school.
Now I'm eating fruit salad.
:P
TED started off big  Masters Class on Visualizing Business Strategy with Tom Wujec
I know!
Right!
Lol.
What?
RT Staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms.
Saw The Artist is Present at the MOMA.
Life Changing.
If you have the opportunity to see her by all means do it.
Ion even wanda fuck these hoes no mo all I wanda is the top
Interested in our Summer Housing program?
Follow for updates and information!
haha, nice to see businesses using social media in a creative way here in Gainesville.
Tomorrow I will to have a hard test, of a boring teacher!
:
The Rays have been my backup team since about a year before they started playing.
so awesome to turn on the tv in NYC and see a family member lighting up the garden!!!
Thanks for following us!
FAT FREE means eat the whole bag.
this does not make me smile ladies!!
happy mother's day :
: u done disappeared!
Where U been?!
Chicago Beauty I'm back tho
NYT subhed to story on the women running Brazil's energy sector: All you oil sheiks and J.R.
Ewings, meet the new boss.
Signature is rocking the house already !!!
lol yeah I don't want the old people to win...
Ohh max i have wan to try out for volleyball so can you help me practice during the summer?
:
Dustin Hoffman !
The best actor of all time  presenting an award.
do you enjoy condoms?
Or always have one on you?
We're not talking about whores one night stands.
That is the sweetest sentiment!
Thank you, xo
It is seriously amazing to live somewhere quiet enough that when birds fly by, you can hear every flap of their wings.
.75 miles is a long way to walk when it is 5 degrees out.
OMG i yelled at the T.V!!
We're running a great special right now 50 off first THREE months for 10x20 doctorveup units!
I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions.
my friend turned into a mahomie
Happy Black Friday.
Meeting with clients today about Australia/New Zealand and Costa Rica.
just walk around.
seriously.
it is a fascinating place to just people watch.
You are absolutely right.
And i plan to.
Stay tuned.
hi Katie how r u today !
Swag for days...
Thank you Lisa!!!!!
Appreciation for the SobrietyDaily!
Sharing Hope!
Well I am enjoying this immensely.
You can both be funny.
poop!!
Nope: haha maybe next time!!
Thanks so much.
Big fans of too.
Hoping to get back to LA soon so she and now you can come see us live!
Another homerun for Kelly.
C.J.
Wilson has been horrible...or the Rays have just been that good.
Can't wait for Italy, madness!
Love you girlie, Paarty time :
You're on it : I'll send you the product announcements from this am now
Glad u like the Fugazza.
So yummy RY: Just had the best gourmet Philly cheesesteak eva.
Thanks,
Almost went back to back, get him over get him in.
Lol :P you go for venezuela ?!?
:
Call me a geek but avengers HELLO YES!
Love me some Whedon.
whoa that was kinda scary google...
It is one of my daily faves.
And They are both awesome!!!
WH  IWillAlwaysLoveYou, purple rollerrink dinos,  me squatskating hoping not to faceplant will always remind me of you
RT : My college fantasy football doctorft starts in one hour.
I get way too into this.
personal finance blog
that's whats my dude...
I wonder...maybe jus maybe I found what I've been looking for...maybe I'm jus jumping the gun a bit here idk
: you're welcome
RT : Can not wait until Friday night!
Reunion

Happy New Year to you as well!!
wait, today is National Tater Tot Day and no one told me?
I am disappointed in you, internet.
I am so happy I can't wait until the next album!
I love you!333
The Komen Foundation didnt cave to the right wing  It is the right wing.
Their NEW VP: Karen Handel  antichoice  former GOP candidate.
BCSO: Stuntman injured on set during shooting of the movie The Lone Ranger.
Severity of injury unknown at this time.
SUN SUN SUN.
Hey Ivan good luck tonight against Baltimore you're one of the best pitchers on the
I love how God connects us to just the right people at just the right time.
Thankful for :
Just watched Secret of the Urn on Netflix Instant, a fun samurai film from 1966 with a lot of interesting ideas and amazing compositions.
oh yah!?
where did you hear them?
but it's fortified joe lol
Tyra, your old friend the man, call me  lets put you on the national coverage and place harpo as a forgoteen...
Pay for crying out loud!
He is the classiest and best RB we have had since Payton..!
Chick, it's been over a year since you've been gone.
Still thinking about you and how you loved to play the banjo
Just had an intense Godmoment through the most hilarious gay man I've ever met with the most intense Jesuseyes I've seen in a long time.
...don't recognize it when it spits on their shoes.This is your big chance.
Remember when you busted the guts out of the ball the other day?
I hate getting ready, and then someone call me and tell me they can't make it and we're not going...
annoyed 
Mind the Gap
too funny!
Anyone in the DC area know of Bikram Yoga that is 60 minutes??
Gotcha, see you there!
Again, agreed.
It was so much more than a Disney episode.
God morning.
If its not raining, I'll come show some luv tonight.
They just showed the Leave Britney Alone video on Leno.
I remember when parodied that.
RT DUI checkpoints planned for tonight ...
Please don't doctornk and doctorve.
WFUD12 Jaszi: Fair use is too important to be left to the lawyers.
nightmares get ruthless...
they want in...
Neal is way more optimistic about Tannehill than I am.
Hopefully it rubs off
Consistency is the trick....it's a hard practice to keep up on a longterm basis, at least thats my opinion.
Love is the selfdelusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
And wtf is wrong wit Chris Brown??
Sellin puppies, nose piercing, losin weight in his face 
I feel bad for mister.campbell class....it was butt then, i know it's hell now lol
Mortgage Fraud Up 31 in First Quarter 2011
I am OBLIGATED to change the format of the assessment if I think it provides false report of the student learning.
Want to go to canada to go see my uncle lusbin!
Coffee is acidifying.
If you're a regular doctornker, be sure to balance it out by doctornking high pH alkaline water!
my phone died : whomp whomp..
i didnt even know the battery was low
Talk to me about Crazy Town Banana Pants.
Tired of shoveling?
Let Bliffert help.
We have a nice variety of snow blowers to save your back.
Bernadette!
Planning a wedding?
We have the Ultimate Wedding Package: cake, flowers, invites  more!
tinyurl.com/4x8ghw8
What to do what to do should i read a book watch tv or go outside where it is going to rain today idk idk i think i will watch tv and read
Advisory Neighborhood Commissions now have the opportunity to participate in the Enhanced Residential Parking Program.
I am in love with GCB!!
Best show ever
Don Ecker start's his internet radio career at CyberStationUSA.com in 30 minutes
PR is an important function to lay the groundwork in helping athletes tackle their newfound celebrity  social responsibility.
I'm so tired of your shit.
God boy!
Hahhaha well that is some good advice;
I'll agree with you on that one.
Listening to and loving the magical way it makes me feel.
I really want to go outside
Thanks, Lorna, it was : Hope you had a lovely time with your daughter.
Look forward to hearing how things shake out w Bublish.
I remember one of my high school teachers stopped dying her hair when she was pregnant.
Now that you know, will you cut out some toxins...?
s/o to your jaws w/o them my balls wouldn't have a place to go..s/o to your entire mouth for keeping my name in it
that's one of my favorites too; I always try to add to my classes when I can!
Thank you, Emilio Estevez.
TheWay was a beautiful movie.
At teh airport at mah gate :3 woo!
I can't waits to be home!3yaay!
get a hold of me.
PLUR3
get ready to cry, scream and laugh because tonight is the TVD and you never know what will happen :
Thanks for your suggestions
When Michael, Larry and Magic needed a BIG basket, they went into the post.
i just want to be happy.
God please.
I'm tired of having to be strong alone.
I feel validated tonight after claiming that Barnes was overrated all season long.
oh that sucks.
that sounds all good, but very few people can express the feeling of happiness without being happy in the first place.
Dont waste a minute not being happy.
If one window closes, run to the next window  or break down a door...
best sports announcer in the game today?
: I hope to have my own place before the summer time Come live in colonial with me.
Rents fairly cheap :
Thanks for the Rt!
What's your area of expertise?
proves: we will never tire of boy bands.
In my 30's and doing my 80's robot to What Makes You Beautiful.
Haters Gon' Hate!
We'd be most pleased to play there tomorrow night!
RT would be most pleased to hear in Ontario tomorrow night.
Happy 4th!
Have a fun day and try not to lose any fingers setting off fireworks!
;
I've watched the live broadcast of the Wells Fargo Championship and the replay...
Yep.
Back in December.
Enjoying my 9 month Summer before I die during law school in the fall
I wish was a senior
No sign of westboro baptist in Chardon.
They love this publicity.
SchoolMemories That awkward moment when we were playing Name that song  the teacher plays Fergie  BGDC  I was the only one who knew it
Thank you!
It's beautiful and I've been seeing it all over PDX lately.
Saw a house party blaring Train's doctorps of Jupiter and everyone on the porch singing along.
Is that the sign of a second recession?
WHY ARE YOU SO AWKWARD?!
Male singer: sorry.
I can't hang tonight because I have to doctorss up like a cowboy with my choir and sing at the big fun event.
thank you!
you too!
OMG!
I'm dying.
Steven Tyler: I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar!
lol you know.
Honoured in the Hall of Flame :
: All this shit I'm talkin the Pacers better finish with a dubRT
You're the only one!
LOL
With the multitude of mobile technologies I have at my fingertips, why do I spend the majority of my day sitting at my desk?
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.
Steve Prefontaine
What a deformed thief this fashion is.
Watching my 4yo daughter navigate apple tv is fascinating.
Without reading she can gets to a specific episode of Ruby Gloom in seconds.
Best wishes to all guards performing at Dallas, Ft Lauderdale, Salem, and Union City!
have great performances!
Peace!
i wish!
And ok ill call at 4
Flooding problems?
Cehck out my sandless sandbags!.
Always be prepared for flooding.
No sand required, no building another sandbag!
well thanks for the invite : I'll be there!
hears all voices intertwined, singing one song.
Bunny Breakfast and Spring Fashion Revue Sat March 20.
Old Navy fashions, breakfast with the Nestle Bunny.
Fun  Games!
6 Call 6421234
Congrats class of 2011!!
you did it boys 3
my friend merlin wants to go to that school but only for the girls
The moderators were atrocious, it was like watching an infomercial for living forever.
Lame
call you smelly cat ;
Viewers will get a chance to see Jonathan Frid in a cameo in Tim Burton's Dark Shadows; Burton said he blessed the set.
Usually I would be super excited about a Friday but today is a gloomy day for me
I gave Joey a much overdo bath today and he is now about four shades brighter.
:
Only ONE month and FOUR days til the 12th annual Prom Fair!
yay!
hey you how you been?
oh never!
Imagine the Knicks used the amnesty clause on Amare instead of Billups....
Would Linsanity have ever happend?
i got home and passed the fuck out :/ i was hungover....so i got daytime doctornk
Whew  doggie it's hot and humid out today.
Beware of a big hair day!
What the bloody hell?!?!?
My Father can play the guitar??
:O
MAY'S WILD WORKOUTS  WELLNESS PRODUCT OF THE MONTH SPECIAL!
Pick up a 16 fl oz bottle of Liquid Chlorophyll  1.00 off all month long!
Straight yam'n yall!!!
that is true...Holtby did a great job this post season.
A lot of powerful activism and action happening over at Go support.
My shift workers don't give two dog turds they come in 20 mins late everyday smh
So when do I get my fabulous prizes?
:
Grandmother making her salsa again?
Lol jk
That idiot holding a sign behind home plate says let's go Phillies in Greek.
What a malaka.
Another day over, time to go home and relax.
yep.
Now look out your window.
haHaMadeYouLook No seriously, look.
WE CELEBRATING BIRTHDAYS 2NYT  RELIC, MAKE SURE TO COME EARLY PEOPLE...THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT PEOPLE!!
So tired but cant fall asleepo
Sittin in the studio workin on the first release of Thorne Avery's solo album
We will work to your schedule.
Auto Glass Experts, A clear choice for all your auto glass needs 4144097263
Man.
I been moving around since 9:00 am, nonstop.
Just not sittin' down like 20 minutes ago....
Y
Why don't we have fuel trucks capable of mobile refueling, much like mid air refueling.
I don't see what could possibly go wrong.
: : Support your local farmers  food producers.
Support local food in your community.
13 in a row today for the Knicks.
When are they going to start calling them the Loseoffs?
Q: How do know if you're crossing the privacy line?
A lot of people I'm following on this bitch are annoyin af.
I've been hacked .
FF B4 THE SUN BOILS THE GULF OF MEXICO  OIL BUBBLES N2 YR SUBURB:
Nice link.
Getting asked to prom at the same time sooocute cant wait!
Hop off boy.
69 haha nice number XXD so....
I guess you're a belieber?
Haha!
I think we should tweet eachother more ; x
astdalc the people / connections / best practice!
At times the internet gets on my cutest nerve, sigh's  breaths here, all these connection/link options  blah bLah blaH.
Gotta  it!
Oh now, THAT would be fun, too!
Turns out the AC adaptor for an Arduino will power an NES in a pinch.
That's about as nerdy of a sentence as I can muster.
Googling howtosmokeacigar.
Why is my life so silly?
Ha ha  this made me laugh.
Happy Meatball day to you.
Money Mayweather bout to do work.
Cottos face is gonna get a mud hole beat in it.
Here's a question for ya...help a girl out; Where do you live, and are you happy there?
Why/why not?
whereshouldilive?
MJTI's Hashivenu Theological Forum begins today!
Not sure what Hashivenu is, find out more at www.hashivenu.org.
Best place to find new biz...are you really connected?
true that.
Why do some parents feel its right to raise your kid to be just like them or worst, wouldn't u want better for them?!
Thank you for confirming my gut instinct.
:
You know it's time for a new stove when you talk to yours and tell it to work baby work lol.
Thank God our new one comes this week :D
my username is austinslippers, my most favorite memory of all time is when you wore your white slippers with socks : 3
Just saw a guy walk into the mall wearing a shirt.
I rolled down the window and told him i loved him.
the home
Hello brewers offense
Unilever Q1 sales lifted by price hikes, emerging markets
plug n play
There are several projects and events being planned out for the rivoli and we would love YOUR help!
Just let us know your interested!
such an awesome timeyou all inspire me!
I'm shy until you get to know me..
then you can believe I'm just that naughty its the quiet ones that can teach you a thing ;
My lil brother went into the girls restroom and saved my life though :
Haven't heard anything about it.
Now say my name is on.
Go head mtv hits, i hear you
Haha dont think Ive ever seen a cuter dog picture lmao!
The expression is
tornadoes in my hood in the DFdub
Convening a great group of childoctorn at the visitors center in inner harbor to march to convention center  no cuts to after school pgms!!
Hehe alright hun  that's good to hear!
:  I'm good, thank you.
How are you?
: 
Hope everyone had fun on Christmas with family  or friends.
Now it's back to life.
Oh wait, we still have to party on New Years Eve LOL
i had the win 73 when i went out.
but they rallied and won 119.
I'm hungry.
About to post up at meadows.
its a inning my timeline just acted like we lost the world series, if that ever happened they might light city on fire
Love this!
Especially that there's news from other countries, forcing me to practice my Portuguese.
shitfangirlssay ali king omg
at least it was a sweet death : chocolate caliente
Oh, it won't be too long.
RT : I meant for RT I'm still local.
Waiting for my big break.
I have reached my breaking point on so many fronts it is absolutely insane.
What to do?
what's up , thanks for the follow.
Know any Boston doctormmers looking for a band?
Nodding off while watching the new AAP video.
Go figure.
Oh good.
No worries RT: BREAKING: Sheriff says mountain lion, grizzly and monkey only remaining animals loose in Zanesville, Ohio
Haha xP dude this stinks  I gotta be a gud hurl from now x cuz me and Andy made a deal that we both have to be gud
I mean, what meaning are you trying to express/convey?
Let's connect...connect...connect!
ughh I still feel the tequila and rum from last night
Everyone trying out for ve tonight bring water, wear comfortable shorts that's aren't too short and a comfortable tee and tenis shoes!!

the pro has more GB than my old air.
cannot WAIT until and are here!
That was a god nap.:
I shot some images of the Cure by Design event.
Not done publishing them all.
See them at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos
Don't put much stock in straw polls but nice to win last night's in Darlington.
Thanks Lafayette Dems for great forum!
Happy Record Store Day!
forgetitunes buycds :D
just got on this year.
Great to see you here trailblazing for social neuroscience
T.I.
said spell autograph.
U makin ME look badLMAO!!!!
Reading about mistletoe folklore for work and seeing how easy it would be to go down the Golden Bough rabbit hole.
Now following u back Thanks for the follow
Don't forget we'll be in San Francisco tonight at the Hotel Utah saloon for the
Firefox 11.0 for mac.
Hope that's enough to be helpful...Didn't realize you had an active team working on QA!
na I'm asking is it the last episode?
they make them for RICH tall people, it's called customization...lol happy there are tall women taking it in their
In science class w.
Alana and Jonah!!!!
Alanas iPhone savor!
Wat A day we had the gay pride parade which rarely happens and now off to bed for early wakeup to school
Great party  great people!
If you are near Illinois, you need to join us for a party!!!
In Miami.
Can't wait for DJ Paolo tonight and DJ Abel tomorrow.
no problem
Tomorrow night with guest Clarinetist Seth Kibel.
07/06, 7pm, Make your reservation now !
I tried to do a grito right now  Mom said mas puto.
fridayreads finished Sentry by Crais  always an awesome thriller, started Sunflowers by Bundoctorck  now want to visit Amsterdam
Mondays  Meetings
that's not good :
what's good coffee black i just forwarded u a link from dj qone freelance writer for ispeakhiphop magazine.
i know brb kms
Excellent!!
The was amazing as usual.
Glad I got to introduce to some fun peeps :
Maybe anthropomorphizing computers is doing a disservice to our patrons.
What is your story?
Is it holding you back?
You are addicted to the pain of your story!
Change your story.
Iyanla Vanzant
Ok...I jus saw an old white woman make out wit a young white woman.....tiime to go home
Love, you know, is a funny thing; But the funniest thing about it  Is you never can tell if it is love  Until you start to doubt it.
Met offering vocabulary assisted searches using aat/tgn  solr facets.
Need to study this further for our planned implement'tn.
when are you playing out in Milwaukee?
I would love to put a show together with you.
Maybe Mid May?
I'm having such a quarter life crisis about getting a puppy.
I feel like right now isn't the right time...
Wish I had someone I could spend mothers day with.
Sometimes not having a mom sucks, but I wouldn't be anywhere without my dad 3
Sort of disappointed that the Pinkie Pie doll I got from amazon vine didn't have the cutie mark on both sides of her body.
Whenever I'm depressed I like to cut myself...
a nice big piece of cake.
RT RT : I'm learning to code is the new I'm working on a novel
This Nigga Said Rondo , I'll Take tony Parker Over Rondo Or Steve Nash Over Rondo
Gr8 work on mock MN bills 2dayBills passed include:change to MN Safe Haven law,urinal dividers in pub bldgs,  fishing w/2 lines
Guitar Hero at 12:14 in the morning?
I think yes.
Looks like you are missing your forth wheel!
I think she was in Jersey for a Berkeley event
To me it look like the knicks have quit
already........when u ready get  me.
www.intrigueurecords.com
maybe a jason terry type player
Talking about 911Tragedy is akin to talking about the Reichstag Fire tragedy.
Then again, the left hand never knows what the right is doing
thank you!
I'd love your feedback.
FYI, Tai Chi really helped my JRA when I was younger.
It's a wonderful thing.
will you DM me your number
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch
April 9 deadline is near.
Call 311 now to Apply to win 5,000 or 1,000 cash in the firstever Baltimore Clean Community Competition.
We made up a new word.
Confuddle, which is befuddleconfound ...
Clown head dance party.
Silly question.
We have oodles of beer.
:
and use of Shakespeare as organizing principle for a talk on Tweeting  Vindication of humanities types in technology!
Happy Birthday Girl!!!
I love coming home from school and being completely lazy 
exactly.
a lot of people do it for attention instead of out of genuine need for help
thank you!
So great meeting you also!
I miss my boobear :
do you want to die?
Lmao
The greatest secret to making money and being successful is helping other people make money and be successful.
Deepak Chopra, M.D.
So I blazed through the last 200 pages of DIVERGENT by and now I'm sad because I have to wait until May for the next book!
:
Bogus Bag
Hope everyone is having a great day!!
I'm working up a TLC post on this but, yeah, I'd have no problem giving him a look at DH.
It couldn't hurt.
I was like WHERE ARE CORY EDDIE AND CHELSEA
DuringTheSummer I want a romance .
I always sit down when I'm lazy an don't feel like standing up to pee
Reference Universe can now be used within EBSCOs Discovery Layer.
Tell your rep at EBSCO youd like to see it added.
RT : haven't listened to Napalm Death in, oh, minutes.
Nice win by the 76rs over the Bulls.
big ham doing work
Hey, how are you feeling after yesterday's appointment??
Did you know that an average of 60 of patients take the RX to another dispensary other than where the receive their exam, seems like a loss
Give Scandal, another try.
You will love it!
not sure if im still seeing the halloween costumes left over from last night or if some ppl r r ust expressing themselves more...
thank you!
I love how a DM almost ensures I get a quick response as compared to email which can take weeks for someone to dig out.
Lol somebody please tell me how Justin would find the time to cheat
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past.
To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Even in the depressed rust belt, pizza shops and grocery stores are open till 2am.
Any mistakes you commit thru audacity are easily corrected with more audacity
Much chatter, little wit.
Portuguese Proverb
Oct Sat 22 Late Arriving Headliner, Random Tour Support Band, Local Band Just Happy to Be There  DJ Spins for doctornk Tickets 10
m...sounds good  ice cream.
WAMUQ Big news, up 75 pm!
8 more school days
Gonna fall asleep in this lame shoe store together
Dear Airline Industry  Just give us paper robes and be done with it.
Sincerely, All of us noncriminals who fly everyday.
Its hump day!
Share ur fav riddle, one liner or joke...promise a RT want some funny!!!
has become one of the regular pleasures of my day.
Highly recommended.
night night
Through Wednesday.
ThursdaySaturday I'll be in Atlanta to apt hunt.
Busy week!
I dont wanna live with regret.
so excited cuz I'm approaching 30 now!
Woot!
Police arrest EMT with Mastic Volunteer Ambulance Corp.
for allegedly sexually abusing woman on the way to the hospital
hell ya can't wait!
Too bad the inning stranded Morgan on 3rd.
if i could see oomf like almost everyday i would love it 3
imagine if the Day After Tomorrow and V for Vendetta had a child.
That is what our future world will be like in
Today brought us a rash of resignations, included the CEO's of yahoo, best buy, and 6 Buddhist monks in Korea.
: about to go see the avengers :
Fresh idea for a restaurant: Samosas ToGoSas.
Moderately and highly active people live more years diabetesfree than people who dont exercise.
Damn I read my tweets, Joe got on my twitter flexin
I FIND CHICKS WITH TATTOS ON THERE FACES VERY  !!!!
Tracy Jones is on Twitter!
Follow her
lol right?
word
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL 3 Come on spread the love!
You know you'd pay 3 times as much for your coffee fix!
Always leave her wanting more, but make sure you give her what she needs.
Throw your doctorams into space like a kite.
U do not know what it will bring back.
A new life/a new friend/a new love/a new country.Anais Nin
You know what's coming up at EA??
Check our website at www.emergencyartslv.com for up to the minute info!
What's for lunch today?
Turkey  cheese sandwich on a bun, fresh cucumber slices, applesauce, chocolate brownie and milk.
what's wrong with u
The studio I went to today is a non professort.
They take donations for their classes.
Hibberts really underrated.
Seriously?
That's ridiculous.
Photographers!
Want to see your work in our next issue or featured on our website?
Email
That is really unfortunate.
I hope both sides can settle things before court.
hoa violations are no fun.
Avengers is the best movie i have ever seen.
:
Sho you right sho you right
thats bull crap.
its the people.
I am now repped by JLA Talent!
Woo hoo!
what?!
How?!
...
Wait April fools I'm dumb...
time for tea and cookies?
thanks!
:D
radius clauses for festival tours suck.
If I'm not on tour I'll definitely be at the show
Happy Monday Everyone!
Hope you are having a wonderful day!
Almost at follower 1000!
Who will win the contest???
obviously?!?!?!
twinning wouldn't have it any other way!
Thanks!
Me, too.
Today will be a good day
Tweet miss the family already
I never though this would hurt me so much .
.
.
The Play Offs ..
:D
Guy who broke this Fielder story seems like a fool
Quit whining  hold that pole son!
Best quote so far from set courtesy of Anuarite.
can't wait!
Xoxo
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean your an artist!
Very, very good.
: I will get back to you.
If I come with , what are the chances you could bench press him?
Good morning, everybody!
I wish you all a great day!
:
trying to decide what to feed the family for SuperBowl Sunday!!!
??
GIMMICK is written all over that.
Feeding tube diet.
That's just ridiculous.
NowPlaying Chris Brown  Deuces Remix Feat.
doctorke, TI, Kanye, Fabulous,  Andoctor 3000
EBooks approved in final form.
Moving along...
And there's another.
Thanks, !
If you like Piña Colada.
We got ya covered.
talking barrier to entry in not just end user UI, but also API.
: How can yu have so much respect fa a nigga that can't close...
Durant aint won shit
nowwatching Pet Cemetery with my oldest daughter
UnattractiveThingsAboutMe my obsession with popping my gum....
OWIF: The airline is making me check my luggage instead of carrying on.
IT'S JUST A GIANT CARP
tu111 we use flips in presentation skills class.
The participants are filmed, gvn feedback and now contribute videos
What is in your herbal healing medicine cabinet?: I'm always looking to increase my knowledge of healing herbs :  Would love to see ...
RT  New England Patriots.!
I stand by My opinions and believe they are right based on what I went though to see 2012 .
YES JONATHAN!
Twitter   Tumblr  MySpace  Facebook.
are you going to the st pattys day party thingy ?
Ha!
Apparently my mall job is classier than I ever could have imagined!
Keeping it classy at the Square!
Ouch.
No, seriously ouch.
LOL
Indiana just showed the nation what a TRUE undefeated team looks like!
My acting hw for the week involved answering the question, When are you a whore?
Am I really getting academic credit for this?
When Rex is added to the end of a cat breed name, it implies that they have curly...
or otherwise unusual fur.
I stopped because I started getting more traffic and thus started connecting with more people on a personal level
soft tacos says the taco bell guy :
Al Michaels sporting the combover tonight.
this thing is a tweet ghost and it's creepy
I get so confused by people at target in red tops who aren't target employees.
Surprised Packers have used first 5 doctorft picks on defense?
Me neither.
I thought you WERE captainin America...?
LMAO every time I get the chance
reading articles about the importance of teaching using digital media, not just print.
oh, the irony.
i'm still stocking print cartridges.
If you sexy and you know it, you need to be down at Notte to show it PicturePerfectFriday  Free moscoto till 11 ladies...
Zynga is going to crash and burn.
Be happy to tell you why I think so...
EP13s, 20  Achieve in Africa  founded by EP13 Brendan Callahan.
Goal: build a sustainable lunch program for the school Olasiti , Tanzenia
Love me some Thursday!
: Ugh...I can't believe I just mangled the language that way!
Real good crowd at Frankies, penny pitchers and karaoke w/
Rip coach k you will be missed I would give anything to play another year under you
Gasol with the tipin at the buzzer puts up 4842 at the half.
Strong half from Pau  13, 7  5.
Lawson leading DEN w/11.
I'm a little late to the band wagon but I might climb on...
5 MORE DAYS!
THIS TOWN WONT KNOW WHAT HIT EM!
CUSE WE GONA ROCK ALL NITE!
White rabbit  Jefferson airplane
Absolutely7 Evangelina.
I will save one for you
Lovers who broke my heart, they were like northern stars, pointing me on my way into your loving arms.
omh my twitters being gay
Thanks for the shout out darlin'!
Much appreciated.
:
Chris Baxter says Crisis Carter is a tool.
It's affecting traffic all over the city :
I'm def not
The future is taking shape now in our own beliefs and in the courage of our leaders
RT if you put Hot Sauce on Potato Chips!!!
Texas Pete Baby
miss you too
LA Fans.............If Kobe miss, bet not say shit about and closing games 
oh right.
Im in your banner.
Le duh
ignorant men piss me off!
missing u, ready for the weekend
Good, thanks!
Better than I thought!
It's March 17th in D.C!
: this means I have to come visit to check it out : agreed....soon the palmsprings crew hopes.
Slow price to pay for a slower network...
How was everyone's weekend??
Just learned of it this week.
I'm on it
damn horses and their unattended fires...
not to mention the doctornken carousing!
I was right but bad attempt...
Well it's still 31 well take it in game 5
can't wait to show you the video!!!
sorry we won't be adding any restaurants today :
awesome masks series!!
I cant believe that Buster was in the Mask DVD.
Great work!!
rubymidwest Third Screen Talent is looking for RoR developers for clients in OR, WA and CA, send resumes to
does anyone even kno where like a boss came from?
lol and im not talking bout the youtube vid i mean what decade :p
I KEEP HITTING REFRESH BECAUSE I CAN'T REMEMBER MY XM PASSWORD!!
KEEP THE TWITTERING!
want to encourage everyone to attend a church of their choice tomorrow
Didn't you get Buttock fat injections?
a.k.a.
the Brazilian Buttock?
I went through a period like that with obtain as an intransitive verb.
Everywhere, for just a little while.
Do you ever wonder if there's a lot of arsenic in the water of the Texas Governors mansion?
It would explain a lot.
Off to Christians lacrosse game at PW high school, see video later.
I wish life wasn't so hard...
Whichever gets the commercials out first.
Won't be hard hitting congressional or journalistic inquiry.
Awesome Xstream Team meeting yesterday!
Thanks to those who were able to make it in person, via press 8 telecom bridge or online streaming!
Congrats to our elected Exec Board leaders for the 20122013 year!
Prez:, VP:, and Treasurer: Oliver Field
Gosh, I hate it when my day stupid bitches get ruined.
RT You ruined my day stupid bitch.
RT : GPM communications team is interviewing scientists the 2011 PMM Science Team Meeting for an upcoming Faces of GPM campaign
With parents like you, how could she be anything but?
:
RT : jazzed How concerned are you of legal issues because of social media?
Bring 'em!
We will have ribs from HonkyTonk BBQ and other tasty surprises this year, along with over 100 delicious craft beers.
Big Blue Nation 
maybe, just maybe, you'll change that!
Just looked out window of AirTran train at JFK and saw space shuttle sitting there on top of its 747.
Awesome sight.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government
New Music Monday continues with !
Win the new CD Up All Night all night long!
HappyMothersDay to all the moms and soontobe moms out there :
Makin weird noises with
I'm loving this thunderstorm, but my cat is freaking out.
Poor kitty, she hates rain and storms.
:
I guess I need to get glasses and doctorss like I do not care...
But I love pink.
Every organization must be prepared to abandon everything it does to survive in the future
In the end, its not the years in your life that count.
Its the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
You're my follower .
Aha .
Im not following yo ass back !
Eat simply, recipes are great, but if they add work  time how is that helpful?
We'll be open all day today!
We are underway from UNC!
UT endorsements today!
Manchester paper endorses all bought and paid for DeMaio robots running for office
calling all beliebers, let's trent this ihateselenagomez maybe she will get the point.
I might have a party when I hit my 1,000th tweet...
or release doves.
Do doves tweet?
I guess they coo.
How does one go about meeting funny tall people?
I feel as though I am too tall for guys these days.
hahaha insecuretweet 0o
Best Buy plans to open 40 Mobile stores this fiscal year and will quintuple its share of the U.S.
mobile phone market to 15 percent...
wow!
Made it to San Antonio.
175th anniversary of the Alamo, Mardi gras ....
Ready to shut this town down!
Doing laundoctor extremely late.
I used to peak at noon.
Now I peak at midnight.
Get your shit together!
Oh snap, Tiger is going to win his first PGA event since September 2009!
was nice to meet you yesterday!
oh jesus whats happening now?
: Thanks for all the love!
So basically...I stayed up all night texting
Take calculated risks.
That is quite different from being rash.
Asking from across the pond: Any chance Zak doctorms up MLS interest?
BillMyAnswer uses an algorithm to create originality of your tutorial.
Dont worry about someone Reselling your work
Someone text me
Just realized that last tweet says complaints not compliments.
Weird auto correct on that one.
Damn phone.
and u also love eminem!!!
we r like twins!!
GM where can I read more about it?
I had not idea about this event.
I bet you'd have more fun in the shower.
;.
Or at least I do.
When does the movie open in theaters?
Sounds good!
See you here!
Just check the video out good work..
Let's get this test goin!
Dick pic gate
FF Young women writing candidly about fosterparent life:
First revolution that has been catapulted onto a global stage and transformed by social media.
ADUB CONCERT!!!!!
YEAH!
The LOB is here and it is hott!What is it?The Long Bob of course!
Its just as fashionable as a Bob,but the longer layers allow more options!
I thought I heard you right after I read the tweet!
But, like said, being on the corner, I tune a lot out
Happy Mother's Day to the best mother I could ever ask for!
Thanks for being there for me when no one else was.
Love you so much.
3
Nothing lasts forever.
But there are things in life that you would gladly fight for just for them to stay longer 
mystical,omnipotent,omnipresent,rapturous,sacramental,sacred, sanctified,spiritual,superhuman,superlative,supernatural,transcendental,
Bed time.
Early gym date tomorrow morning.
Night y'all.
We are still evaluating monetization options on Andoctorid platforms.
Can't help rooting for Mark Herzlich.
Very inspiring!
o OK nice
thank you for that too!
Hats off to the big homie Tom Lawlor!
Enjoying the last 36 hours of my 20s
not much
I've watched all but the last season.
Waiting for it to air over here.
Can't argue w/the logic.
RT : Online privacy tip: Never give anyone your email addoctorss.
If you do, they will be able to email you.
Thx to JeremyLin, 1st time I've enjoyed watching the NBA since MichaelJordan and ScottiePippen played together for the
Yup Yup!
:D
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
According to the kiddo, Christmas is not about eating roast beast.
It is about eating cookies.
Now you know.
Very few people bring a notepad with them to job interview, it's a very subtle thing that makes you stand out, take notes when appropriate
that's cool.
How was ur weekend?

it's just time for a change...
Ima miss it too.
THAT WAAS RUDE
LOL.
Wish blew up my phone..
follow me back like now!
lol
Good morning Indy!
If you don't like watching the show on our website, yes, we know our player is not mobile friendly you can download the podcast from iTunes
great field position for the Terps, now can O'Brien find a play that isn't 82 go long and get Maryland in the endzone
lol o shit you're learning how to tweet...still say ur name should have been bertajean6969 hahah
Without the L in Lover  its over
Nothing I hate more than dirty kids
Yay potential client!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING FROM ALL OF US AT THE FOUNDATION AGAINST CHILD EXPLOITATION  HUMAN TRAFFICKING ...
I will always consider people who look up to the Kardashian sisters, jersey shore, and bad girls club as air heads.
Well it's finally Friday!: One Acts performance tonight!:D
That's a kodak moment!
Demi Moore just got a lot cooler...
Whip its demi.
Really whip its
Just got home from work at 2:30AM after a 15 hour day.
I have no food in my house.
I am doctornking a Stout for dinner.
Not very satisfying.
Had fun at my ribbon pinning today  Next come class trip  danielle
I'm so focused on this pucks game man ...
sorry.
Your welcome.
I hope it was great.
I'm working on helping to send a doctorver to the Indy 500  yup, the big one.
Wish me luck.
WonDers what you lOok like with your lip unfolded?
Lol
Learning CSS is hard...
but I've been wanting to learn!
Revolution is on NBC
when grillz came on, I went nuts, and texted my dad.
russ p valle

3WordsForYou Same Damn Time!!!
Omg can't believe these people didn't know Keith Moon was dead
yea, b/c mines is holding my .....
: Seriously poor choice of words.
Vikings MNLeg Truly disgusting choice of words.
NOT a way to win support!
Lol yea i kno i said the same thing last night lol RT : good choice 
thanks girl!
MT : quote of the day: The public library is one of the few places left where one can be private.
Lawrence Clark Powell
is that describing twitter or tumblr lol
Happy Friday tweeties!!!
Wade only has a ring because the refs.
Joey Crawford and Donaghy had the fix in for him.
Shot like 100 FTs in a 6 game series
When completely disregards my sweet texts 
Amazing night at tonight with so many great people!
Glad to have sponsored it!
On the plane.
Going to miss Adam Lambert on Idol.
Plz, ninjas...
Don't forget to put it on YouTube.
Thank you!
Listening To J.Cole 3
Prepping for our big company launch.
STAND/OUT will be having an art show, if you have art you'd like to display let us know!
Want a quick  temp fix for ur gray hair so u can please mom when u go 4 a visit?
Email us if 4 info.
we gotta get back together.............Sap Sap
D: Thanks!
Wow...lmao....comedy!!
super foul!!
Imma take that because Whitney started looking better b4 she died.
So you meant a 14 :
you didn't follow
feel better!!
U get overwhelmed sometimes..Put evythg on hold  stayed home for 6 yrs..Feels weird 2 be wkg again!
The checks nice tho.
;
As of this week, we no longer have to leave the building to buy coffee
RT : Empty places are being filled now.
Where ever faith has led you, performance will validate you.
Having a good morning
Swag Bags filled with promotional samples of their products and services
I just caught about 20 bass in 3 hrs with
guy i dated briefly in college got really uncute.
'scuse me, i'm going to be smug for the rest of the day.
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic 1.4 for a new car!
RT : Hoodoctorts should not be allowed on social media smdh

i didnt want my mom 2 c me crying so i told her my eyes were watering.
i dont want her 2 worry
I just gave my mom K for Mother's Day.
No need to buy a thing!
King of Peace is on the radio at 9:15 am tomorrow.
You can listen on the web at www.Magic107.com
loved the 21 questions, especially 21, lol Excited to do ministry and life with you!
Sitting at the Gingerman waiting to meet Mali's prospective forever Mommy.
And hoisting a cold one :
2012 film watching!
64.
Let's Scare Jessica To Death.
Not sure what to make of this.
Average horror film.
My son decided to write an ebook and work on developing an App.
Going to go into field of computer game design  development.
Good career.
all day.
I think the last game starts at 7
WordPress  seven sites and growing.
Love it!
can't wait for hockey to be over
Just listened to the entire catalogue on Rhapsody.
It turned my Monday around.
On a 6 game hitting streak on MLB BeatTheStreak I need Jeter  Swisher to come thru tonight on double down
At the St X Trinity game.
Nothing like a good ole high school rivalry
M.O.B
Huh, I've been losing one subscriber a day,each day for the past three.
Very odd and vexing.
I'd much rather it go in the opposite direction
End of first, Badgers up 21 on Boston College
Girl I told you Im coming.
I gota get out the hse today anyways.
K FINE LOOL DO YOU HAVE TO WORK THIS WEEKEND
Ha not sure how you knew I was a hard core Dem?
But I am tho have nt been to political in recent months Santorium spooked me
please return the Vanilla Gorilla
easy?
you're nuts!
im the king at smack talk.
thats why i was such a successful And 1 basketball player for all those years.
Nice way to start a Tuesday: Thank you so much for getting us through this so quickly.
You are a terrific Support Group!
nahj11 Organization has run sixfigure deficits for the last two years.
Plans to stop the bleeding.
I assume that if premiums go up, ObamaCare must be recognized as well?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH!
Let's trend?
Come join Chispa Marketing at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrigs Disease 10K Run  5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove.
Register right here!...
Good night O:
Amanda Reynolds is Seattle's Fearless Woman!!!
Congrats Amanda the founder of All About HOPE.
www.allabouthope.net You are truly FEARLESS
just go to socialistr.com/TWITTERUSERNAME and u can send the person a voicemail
you mean every scottish rite in the country ?
25 days.
nbd.
My brother is a fucking crazy doctorver.....
great season buccos
Headin to in Atlanta, GA for some lunch.
Then down to for our show  Tokyo Alley!
I miss you, and it sucks that I keep letting my feelings get in the way of our friendship, whatever you live and you lean
Ive been comedycentral Beverly Hills cop That Blonde lady so Freaking Hot Classic Download the Chevygametime app
Why live in this house If I'm not trusted.
G'morning tweet peeps!
Ugh I wish it was last period !
Listening to avenue a talk about how much ass they kick
Thanks to I'm taking notes in this visitbelize chat.
1 week until touchdown.
Get me to the beach!
We will, and, yes, next year SCMS13!
I majored in mathematics in college because the engineering dept was full.
I later became an artist.
If that was Kobe they would of won this game
Although Pat Boone's episode got bumped from COX Channel 3 due to campaigning it is now up at OnAAiR!
The one nice nite out '' And this happen's.
Am not buying that story smoke is not toxic'' Did you see that black smoke'''
ok...
But look at her!
Not getting out if bed until like 12 somethin
Well.
The Rangers demonstrated Championship Stuff tonight.
They broke the Cap stranglehold.
My cousin was walking down the stairs then slipped and fell down the stairs!
My la familia full of playas n ballers this summer we flexing on you bum bitches
GOOD MORNING!!!!
haha thanks hun!
If you wanna talk more just DM me!
I always get them sent to my phone!
Alright griffin I like you when your Dunking on teams I don't like but dunking on my team?
No.
Just no.
You know how all women will attack you if you talk smack about Resse Witherspoon?
Having a debate, is there a male equivalent?
